Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Just as Satan Intended (DxD, Chaos Gacha)
 Thread starterInfonticus  Start dateJan 23, 2026  Tagschaos gacha crack treated semi-seriously devil mc dub-con high school dxd oc insert smut western
Created
Jan 23, 2026
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
10,080
Recent readers
9,446
Threadmarks
11
Reborn as just a small-devil-town devil, dreaming of making it in the big devil-city. Gambling it all with his fickle, chaotic power system to make his ordinary devil-dreams come devil-true: the Great War won, Heaven burnt down, the souls of all the ningen claimed, and Devil society returning to those good old-fashioned devil values (on which they used to rely).
Threadmarks Appendix
Statistics (10 threadmarks, 117k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
Ch 0 - Prologue
Words 8.6k
Jan 23, 2026
Ch 1 - The Drifter Stepping into Town
Words 10k
Jan 23, 2026
Ch 7 - Esoteric Cowboy Magicks
Words 15k
May 18, 2026
Ch 8 - Big Bronze and Cat Complications
Words 13k
Jul 6, 2026
Ch 9 - Cat x Chimera
Words 13k
Yesterday at 00:40
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Appendix
View content
Threadmarks Ch 0 - Prologue
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Jan 23, 2026
Add bookmark
#1
Just as Satan Intended (DxD, Chaos Gacha)


Prologue


[The Underworld]

"No son of House Nebiros is gonna join one of those new-fangled 'Peerages' and rub shoulders with all those pretend-devils runnin' loose!" The seven-foot-tall, rooster-headed devil scoffed at the idea, taloned fingers fixing the jewelled cravat of his maroon, seersucker suit.

"They're called 'Reincarnated Devils' now, dad," I spoke up, and his big golden beak frowned down at me.

"Don't right care what those danged 'New Satans' call those pretend-devils, son! They turned something beautiful and perverted it! Outlawed owning ningens, that is. It took your grandpapi two hundred years of vile, dishonest devil-work to trick all those sinners outta their souls. Near damn broke his shrivelled black heart when we had to do the right thing and put 'em all down instead of freeing them. All of our field ningens! And even the house ningen too! Oh, he was a good one, that ningen. 'Souls of serial killers always make for the best help' your grandpapi always used to say. Polite, meticulous, masters with knives too! Cooked like an angel if you'd pardon the expression. These centuries, you can scarcely find a ningen like that to torment. No, sir, not anymore! And—"

The rooster devil stopped to pat his maroon suit, and when he didn't find what he was looking for, he turned his feathered head this way and that, glancing around the tables on the balcony, the afternoon wind nudging his red, spiked rooster comb.

"... Gosh darnit, now how's a devil s'possed to talk about ningens without a stiff drink? Stay put for a hot minute there, son. I say stay put!" He marched off, muttering as he left me sitting on the balcony. "Must have left my flask in my study."

With a sigh, I settled back into the wooden chair, straightening my own black seersucker suit.

I had never seen Dad this direct before, he usually went on wilder tangents and longer rigamaroles... But to be fair, I've also never had a conversation with an anthropomorphic rooster-man before either. Contradictory statements, yes, but that was perfectly in line with my new, contradictory state of existence I've found myself in.

That of being a Pure-Blooded Devil in Highschool DxD.

It was still unclear what had happened that I suddenly found myself in this world. I did not recall dying, though I did recall my past life... in a sense.

From my point of view, I am and have always been "Malal Nebiros", only son of Phoghornus Leghornath Nebiros. His rooster-devil features didn't pass on to me though. No, I was just your average, human-looking, silver-haired, country-boy devil of seventeen, Underworld summers... who woke up in bed one day with memories of some human living in a world that was a work of fiction. A work of fiction that I wished I had watched beyond just an episode or two. But my head was still reeling from that 'my entire universe is fictional' part, it was a lot to wrestle with.

In the face of that? Looking like (and actually being) Vali Lucifer's cowboy cousin was the least of my problems.

An Underworld populated by Devils, ruled by Four Satans and using Reincarnated Devils to fight in Rating Games... they weren't just fiction anymore.

Rating Games—just like football, basketball, or any other sport in the human world—were what was playing on the television in every barbershop, pool room and bar in town. And it's been like that for as long as I could remember. The 'characters' in them were just as real too, people even grumbled every time they lost a bet when some 72 Pillars noble forfeited a Rating Game out of political reasons rather than a fight, or whenever their favourite failed to rise in rank that year. There was even a poster of the Rating Games' #2 Rank, Roygun Belphegor (Or more specifically, her massive armoured tits), that's been decorating my bedroom wall for the past three years.

The point was: this was real life for me.

It was all real life inhabited by real people with real hopes and dreams, including Malal who I found myself as. Like any Devil teenager, he had a half-baked plan to run away, join a peerage, climb to the very top of the world, then tyrannize the population and monopolize all the women. All in all, pretty average teenage Devil aspirations.

Just another small devil-town devil dreaming of making it in the big devil-city.

But as if summoned by me even thinking of leaving the farm, the devil Phoghornus came swaggering back, a polished metal flask sticking out from in his golden beak. He belched, half-sounding like a rooster's 'bawk!'

"Now, where were we, boy?"

"The family ningen?" I supplied.

"Right! Right!" The 7-foot-tall rooster-devil slapped my back, "The good ole' days when we used to torment sinners good by giving 'em endless, back-breaking labour growing our crops. 'Course, we didn't need no ningen's help. Heck, we didn't even need the crops to begin with! No, sir, tormentin' them ningen was what really mattered! It was our Satan-granted right as Devils to torment sinner souls. But look at where we are now, boy! Growing crops on our own! The great House Nebiros... with no ningens to torment and reduced to doing good, half-honest work to survive!"

He gestured a black-suited arm out beyond the railing. And under the purple sky of the Underworld, beyond our plantation-style mansion, a vast field of crops stretched as far as the eye could see. A multicoloured sea of flora. The colours were divided neatly in rows, like the colours of a great flag, it even swayed under the gentle valley breeze like one. The gentle greens of Devil-Sugar and Devil-Teas, the stark whites of Devil-Cottons and the pinks... of Devil-Opium.

"And all for what?" the rooster-devil said, his voice climbing, "Just so that these ningen we've been turning into pretend-devils don't have their feelings hurt?! Dignity in freedom, or whatever load of crock! Good grief, these new 'Four Satans' ain't even trying to do the name of 'Satan' injustice! Proves your pa right, that's what they do. And what do I always tell you, boy?"

"In this house, there's only one Satan, and that's Satan." I recited.

"Yes, sir!" He declared, clutching his suit jacket like a human priest clutching his vestments, "'least the last set of 'Satans' were proper, principled devil-folk. Crushing the weak, tormenting sinners, and most of all, they weren't afraid to give those light-slinging, feather-flapping, halo-wearing, Great-War-losing Angels what's coming to 'em!"

He stopped to shake his fist in the general direction of the Heavens, but the porch's ceiling fan was unthreatened by the rooster devil's angry gesture. It did get Phoghornus to calm down, sighing as he looked back to me with his bright, copper-orange rooster eyes.

"Son, now, I ain't tellin' you not to dream. That fire in you? That's our Lucifer blood talkin', and don't let anyone take that from you. And our time will come to light a match on all of heavenville, butcher them angels and claim the souls of them ningen to torment for all eternity... What your pa is tryna tell you is to keep both boots on the ground while you're looking at the clouds. And right now, you got yourself a growing farm right here, a solid roof, and all the Satanic kin of House Nebiros in town. Makes no damn sense to leave that all behind thinkin' the world owes you lights and billboards just 'cause you got Lucifer as your great-great-grandpapi!"

He was mistaken though. I didn't expect to coast by using my bloodline. No, I fully intended to fight and lie and steal what I wanted. And what I wanted was all of it. All the riches, all the power, and all the women.

"I know, dad, but..."

"You ain't even listening, boy! I don't wanna hear another peep about running off to those big cities and playing those city-slicker sports games! You understand? No, you're gonna stay here and sexually abuse your little sisters like a proper devil! Just as Satan intended!"

But before I could argue back that I didn't want to stick it in my sisters (yet), we heard it.

Clicking on wooden floor, like a hundred stiletto heels stepping on wood. And getting closer by the second. Behind the wispy curtains, a large shadow navigated the upstairs living room, winding around furniture and advancing in our direction. And finally, it pushed aside the curtains to emerge under the afternoon light. More than half a tonne of dark brown centipede segments, moving on a hundred chitinous legs... and the torso of a (particularly stacked) human woman in a dotted, navy blue sundress and braided green hair. She smiled serenely as she held a wooden tray against her soft, white apron.

"I figured you boys would like some iced tea." she said, holding out the tray and showing off the two tall glasses of amber-coloured liquid with ice cubes and lemon slices floating in them.

"Thanks, mom." I accepted a tall, sweating glass.

"You're welcome," She placed a gentle hand on my shoulder, an almost pleading tone in her voice, "But Mal, dear, listen to your pa. You know we mean well. And your sisters have been waiting forever for you to start molesting 'em too. No one's expecting you to get them pregnant overnight, but... your pa and I... we'd like for you to at least start trying to knock 'em up."

The former human side of me was a bit disconcerted by this, but the devil Malal Nebiros had only heard this a thousand times.

"I know..." I murmured into my iced tea. "But you know how they are."

"Drippin' for you?" She smirked.

"With the way they are, that's not going to mean much."

The Rooster-devil just shook his head. "Boy, you're lucky you even have a blood-related sister to molest, much less two! Your grandpapi had to kidnap your mother here from his sworn rival and raise her as his own. We darn near broke up when I found out she wasn't my real sister!"

"But..." The centipede-devil skittered up to the rooster-man, looped an arm around his and smiled at him. "Through the Grace of Satan, we moved past it, sugar. Together."

I quietly sipped my ice tea as my parents made eyes with each other.

"Dear," she said without looking away, "can you go downstairs and ease the lid off the stew for me?"

"Gladly!" I said, accepting the distraction that my mother was giving me, "Thanks for the talk, dad, you gave me a lot to think about."

"Just don't let that thinkin' wander off without a map and a compass, because I've seen thoughts like that get lost, start a family, and start thinkin' violence won't solve anything like some ningen." He said, paused, then slapped my back and laughed outloud, "That was a joke, son! Go cogitate, ruminate, marinate that noodle of yours over what we talked about!"

"But don't marinate too long though, dear," Mom added with a gentle smile, "Supper will be sorted out in half an hour."

"Alright. See you in a bit," I said, giving both the seven-foot-tall rooster-devil-man and the centipede-devil-woman a hug. Then, I skipped over mom's armoured, trailing centipede body and left the two chimeras to their quiet, balcony conversation.

The walk to the kitchen gave me time to think, what with it being on the other end of this stately plantation house. And it was surely a big estate, because as with anyone growing opioids, our family was very well-to-do. For all the good that did at least. There wasn't much to buy with the money in this small, nowhere town. Most of the money just went to dad's ongoing, centuries-long renovation of the house with the best woods, bricks and concrete from all around the Underworld.

It was a new house by devil standards too, barely five hundred years old.

Dark wood corridors leading to Victorian-esque parlors arranged for conversations that had ended centuries ago. Spiked chandeliers dangled overhead and threatened to fall on your head. Snarling gargoyles were carved into the panelling and made the sight of sharp teeth ever present. Heavy furniture crouched low and dark everywhere, all clawed feet and curved arms, while painted portraits watched from the walls. Men and women with severe expressions and medieval modes of clothing and armour, their most lively expressions reserved for the oil paintings where those same devil ancestors held aloft heads of angels, or standing atop a heap of skulls or tormenting screaming sinners with barbed whips. And somewhere, a grandfather clock marked time with deep, metallic clicks that echoed through the halls.

If this was in the human world, this would have been the perfect location for those 'haunted mansion' films, but my family called it home. The generally intimidating atmosphere was meant cow guests and ningen that we no longer hosted...

Dad already considered himself a mean rebel for updating it to such a 'modern' style, two hundred years back.

Taking a shortcut through the largest parlour. I stopped as I passed the fireplace. There, on the mantle above it, an angel's wings was pinned on a fine wooden plaque. The feathers still soft and white as snow even after all the centuries since it was torn from its victim.

I kept walking.

What a brutal unforgiving world to be born in. This world of Devils.

Only the strong should thrive here. And in the Underworld, 'strong' almost always meant the magnitude of one's Demonic Power. That is to say, the Devil's version of the 'intelligence' attribute in videogames. The more 'points' you have in it, the higher your 'mana pool' was and the better spells that you can access. Some inherited distinct expressions of Demonic Powers like the Bael's Power of Destruction or the Sitri's specialisation with their Water Spells. Other Devils, those who were powerful and imaginative enough, would even manifest their own 'unique spell' exclusive to themselves, such as Sirzechs' Ruin the Extinct.

Thus, you were either possessed of great demonic power, or you were born to serve the Devils that were.

That was the widespread belief.

The Great War demonstrated to all the Factions, and the Devil Civil War five hundred years ago carved the lesson into the very foundations of modern Devil society. Indeed, the current Four Satans—Sirzechs, Serafall, Ajuka, and Falbium—only acquired their titles because they had overpowered their predecessors in terms of Demonic Power, and pried it loose from their dead hands.

It had been a violent and bloody uprising that left thousands dead; every Devil collectively agreed that this was the most respectable method of gaining political power in the Underworld.

As for myself... this 'Malal Nebiros,' he only had slightly above-average levels of Demonic Power to his name. He would have been lucky to have been chosen as a rook or a knight over someone with even a halfway-decent Sacred Gear. And even then, he'd be a middling one at that. He simply did not have the raw Demonic Power or the talent to be anything more than some background character despite being from a bloodline that descended from Lucifer himself.

'Background character in Highschool DxD' would have been precisely what I would have been doomed to be... had I not gained a new power the morning I recalled that human's life.


CHAOS GACHA
​

The infinite chaos of the endless and infinite multiverse condensed and refined into the form of a Gacha available at your very fingertips! Maybe you will become a shapeshifting fire monarch, or maybe you will be a supreme tinkerer... or a supreme lady killer. The possibilities are functionally endless! So go ahead and gamble to your heart's content! The endless, ever-changing multiverse awaits, so gamble with the Nuclear Chaos and see what fate has in store for you!

The message did not appear in some videogame-style HUD or pop-up window.

No, every word and letter in that message was seared into my mind just as clearly as my own name. And I knew it all by heart. The premise of this Chaos Gacha was simple: A random power, talent, item or familiar would be granted to me every time I 'achieved' a notable feat. And the greater the achievement, the greater the possible reward.

Of course, I was going to use it to my fullest advantage.

Of course, I will.

I wanted to be more than just a 'background character' in some horny manga. My blood boiled at the thought. I was a Devil. I naturally craved power and absolutely resented being commanded by someone I perceived as lesser. So, the thought of being a 'background character' to someone called the 'Oppai Dragon'?

What Isse got, I wanted.

No, I wanted even more than that. Unlike him, I wasn't about to stop at just the 'main cast' of women. I wasn't going to rest on my laurels once I surpassed the Four Satans. I wasn't going to be sated with just a cushy job and a lofty title; I wanted real power. And though he may have the [Boosted Gear], I had the Chaos Gacha. And once I've attained enough achievements... I knew which one was going to win in the end.

Though, an inherently chaotic system was not without its downsides.

Even now, I was feeling the curse. My family, and even my very existence was a 'curse.'

Through 'my' memories of living here all my life, I knew that everyone in the town of Nebiros that was located in Nebiros Valley unsurprisingly bore the last name of Nebiros. Living here, it was less of a question of whether you were related to someone, and more of a question of just what kind of relation? Sister, cousin, sister-wife, Cousin-wife, cousin-sister-wife or some of the more esoteric combinations. Not that I held it against these people. Nebiros Town did not even exist in 'canon' Highschool DxD as far as I could recall.

This was clearly and undoubtedly all my fault.

Yes, I was the one who likely caused this entire town to inbreed itself into existence. This was all due to a little side feature in the Chaos Gacha: Curses. Gain a curse of random strength, gain a somewhat equivalent power/talent/item/familiar in return. It was something 'taken' at the start. And the one that I had rolled was...


-CURSE-
[Bad Blood] |Severity 7|
You were born into a family of bad people, could be criminals, cultists, crooks, gangsters, or god forbid, a corpo.
|Resolve: None, a one-and-done deal.|

...
​

So, I wasn't just born to a family of inbred hicks, or drug farmers, or slavers, or sadistic otherworldly devils. No, I was born to a family of inbred, drug-farming, slave-owning, sadistic devils living in the middle of nowhere. Well, formerly slave-owning and only moderately inbred.

I'm sure the curse would have been a bigger deal if the human whose memories I woke up with had a stronger influence. But for a pure-blooded devil like me, it was a clear advantage. Especially since, in return for this 'Curse', I gained something as well.


[Intermediate Item Construction] |Rarity: Rare Skill|
You know how to make decent magical and enchanted items, if you know fire magic, you can turn a regular sword into a sword that can light itself on fire on command. If you have the ability Invisibility, you can probably make a cloak that suppresses your presence.

...
​

A worthy trade.

How else could one describe this skill when Demonic Powers ranged from Elemental spells like Fireball to Defensive ones like Barriers to Teleportation to Appearance Manipulation and even Mind Control?

Even someone like I who had only been taught the basics such as the elemental 'spells' could grow to be a great power. The sky-high potential was all there in this deceptively unassuming skill, looming like an arsenal of nuclear weapons, just waiting for me to piece together the launch codes. Any spell I can learn and anything I can imagine, I can also fabricate, even alter their effect slightly. It wasn't clear by how much, but there it was, hinted at in the description from 'invisibility' to 'presence suppression.'

I had, in just this skill alone, everything I needed to eventually take over the world of Highschool DxD.

The last few weeks, I had already spent just exploring and exploiting everything I could do with these enchantments. This black suit of mine being woven with Barrier magic being the foremost example. And I would have done more if I knew more useful spells.

It was a shame that there was no 'Great Library of Nebiros' for me to learn spells from; otherwise, I would have stayed here and studied until I had 'end-game' items. Joining the peerage of a high-class Devil was then the next best thing, they'd give me the readiest access to all the spells I needed. Actually joining was the problem; they don't recruit from remote areas such as these. They certainly wouldn't recruit any low-class Devil nobody who walks up to them (save for Rias Gremory though).

Violence, once again, was the answer.

A 'Middle-Class Devil Promotion Test' was needed to prove myself in everyone's eyes. Three straightforward sections: A brief essay about my aspirations as a Middle-Class Devil, a written exam over general topics about the Underworld, and finally... a brutal, one-on-one cage match with another hopeful while everyone watches.

Oh, if only all my tests in the past life were like this!

But afterwards? My name will be made known to all the high-ranking devils in the Underworld, especially to anyone looking to recruit peerage members.

That part should at least be easier thanks to my Pure-Blooded Devil pedigree. Unlike me, a Reincarnated Devil was a risky investment for High-class Devil looking to fill their peerage. Non-humans like Koneko/Kuroka notwithstanding, these Reincarnated Devils had no storied family history, no possibility of having inherited greatness or Demonic Power from their predecessor. Only their human-only Sacred Gear gave them a fighting chance. If they had one, that is. Pure-blooded Devils were just the more reliable choice. The fact that we're in short supply and very much still in demand only added to my advantage.

But that was only useful if they knew that I even existed.

So, once again, my ambitions point towards leaving this small town to take the 'Middle-Class Devil Promotion Test' for the big city. And I wasn't going to achieve much here for the Chaos Gacha either, a world away from where all the fighting and enemies were.

The idea of running away from home didn't bother me, not anymore. Past Malal had agonised over the decision until I 'woke up' with him. The maturity of two whole souls granted me the wisdom to see what I needed to do. That previous conversation with my parents? It was only my attempt to do it with their blessing. They'll come around eventually. Devils respected strength above everything else after all, especially those who descend from the original Lucifer. And I had no intention of stopping until I was on the top of the food chain.

Reaching the kitchen, I tilted the lid slightly on the stew bubbling on the stovetop before hurrying up to my room to pack.

Unfortunately, they were already there: my least favourite family members.

The twins stood just outside the darkwood door of my bedroom, on the floral, maroon carpet that ran down the hall. And against the plantation house's wallpaper and panelling, their ten-year-old girl silhouettes were immediately visible: short, lanky and unfortunately quicker than they looked. Because the moment I turned the corner...

"There you are!"

Spoiler: SFW Image: Twin Brats

Their matching golden eyes that they inherited from mom locked onto me, then their light green hair that they also inherited from her streamed in the air as they ran to me. The twins were still in their usual matching blue outfits that they'd copied off train conductors, complete with the flat-top conductor's hats. They really liked their trains. I've already been told the story about how Dad had lost the right to name them in a poker game somewhere. He said that he couldn't remember who it was, but it was clear that it must have been someone Japanese.

Nozomi and Hikari. Both beautiful Japanese names for a pair of beautiful girls... who I wished were someone else's beautiful sisters. Preferably that of some alien lifeform on the other side of the universe.

"Onii-chan~ We heard everything!" Nozomi, the one with the light green twintails and the little blue shorts, grinned smugly. "This can't be the day when you finally can get it up, could it?"

Hikari, the one with the loose curtain of light green hair and the blue miniskirt, nodded in agreement. Her slow, almost sleepy voice agreeing with her twin. "The Onii-sausage isn't sad and droopy anymore? Impossible."

"Only one way to find out. Pyahahaha!"

"Be annoying later, I'm busy right now," I said as I walked past them, but they fell in step on either side of me, and I had to bat away their grabby little hands from my crotch.

"But we've been practicing, you know!" Nozomi grinned, golden eyes twinkling as she curled her voice to a lewd half-moan, "Ahn! Onii-chan~ Is that your pinkie finger poking me?"

Hikari stepped up after her, talking slow but just as bratty. "It went squirt-squirt already? As expected of Onii-chan..."

I tried to close the door in their faces just as I passed the threshold, but alas, they slipped in quickly. Instead, I frowned at the twins who now stood smiling in my bedroom.

"Get out of my room."

"Nuh uh! Not until you show us a magic trick and make your sausage disappear! In one of us!" Nozomi just grinned, and beside her Hikari wiggled her white-gloved fingers at my crotch.

"Wiener, wiener, disappear his peener!"

Two lolis literally asking for it... Someone else in my position would have folded immediately. Or at least, someone who did not know them. Because the last thing I was going to do was give the little brats what they wanted, even if it was my cock.

My overwhelming spite for all the pranks, teasing and general spoiled brat behaviour they've put me through over the years eclipsed most of my desire to have raw, unprotected threesome sex with two blood-related, loli twin sisters. Besides, they also had much higher demonic power than I currently had, which was naturally going to make 'correcting' them physically impossible. In fact, if I tried to stick it in them now, there was more than a coinflip chance that they'd be the ones doing the correcting. What exactly that meant for me, I didn't know. And unfortunately for them, I was not into putting myself at the sexual mercy of two enormous spoiled brats.

My eyes went to bratty thighs encased in snow-white stockings, disappearing up into a pair of little shorts and little skirt respectively.

... But I'll definitely be coming back to show them who was boss one day. Shouldn't disappoint mother by not pounding my sisters at some point.

"What are you even up to?" Nozomi asked, her curious eyes watching me haul a big, brown suitcase onto my bed, "Supper's in fifteen minutes, and we're definitely not gonna set the table on our own."

The suitcase's shiny brass clasps clicked open, and I answered.

"I'm running away."

"..." They stared at each other. Burnished gold eyes blown wide, dinner-plate round and their small mouths open in surprise. Their identical expressions made them look the most twin-like they've ever been.

Nozomi broke first.

"When are you going? Can you go now?!" She bounced on the balls of her feet, grinning like she'd just been handed a can of gasoline and a match. Meanwhile, Hikari was already rummaging through my dresser's drawers, picking out clothes and tossing the rejects on the floor.

"Onii-chan will need all his socks to run far, faa~aar away." She muttered.

"Good idea! Let's help him pack!" Nozomi joined her sister.

"Why," I asked slowly, watching my wardrobe get pillaged, "are you two so excited about this?"

Nozomi didn't even look back. "Because if you run away, we get to turn this room back into our model train room again!" She shot me a sharp wag of her finger. "You really inconvenienced your sisters, you know."

"Yup. That wasn't nice of you, onii-chan, being born."

"So you running away is basically the closest thing to a refund we're ever gonna get!"

"Item bought by mistake. Return to seller." Hikari said solemnly, walking over to my suitcase and stuffing socks in by the armful. "One-star review. Item ate all our snacks yesterday and- bwuh!"

Hand on her face, I pushed one-half of the little green-haired menace away from my sock-explosion of a suitcase, and started packing in earnest, folding in my essential clothes. "Those were my snacks that you stole. Now, just let me pack in peace if you two have nothing useful to add."

"Oh, that's easy." Nozomi scoffed, "There's a westbound freight clearing the yard in forty minutes. Local pickup just finished switching. If you're heading to the big city, you could stowaway in one of the cars."

"Super Train Conductor powers activate!" Hikari announced, eyes closed and fingers to her temple like a prophet communing with distant spirits. She nodded, as if finding what she was looking for. "Boxcar thirteen. The lock's still busted."

"... You were the ones to break it while screwing around, weren't you?"

Nozomi snapped her gloved fingers, delighted. "Oh, right, that's the train car they were loading the furniture in! Onii-chan could sneak in, kick back on a couch and ride smooth all the way to... " She said, completely ignoring the accusation as she mentally traced the train's line through a spreadsheet only she could see. "Hmmm, junction after Leviathan's Reach, I think. Then mainline north to..."

Hikari's gold eyes looked at me, she nodded once. "Big city terminal: Whereverberg, Far-From-Here-Ville."

"Exactly where Onii-chan needs to be!" the pig-tailed twin cheered, and grinned a toothy grin at me, "Your sisters just gave you a free train ticket to the (sorta) nearest big city! Aren't we the best?"

"That's..." I paused, hands on the edge of the suitcase, mulling over what they had just said...

It was true that any city would be good. Even if the Promotion Test Centres weren't available in every major city/territory, there was at least transportation to territories that did. The largest test centre was in the Territory of House Glasya-Labolas. And the cherry on top was I wouldn't be on any passenger list. A lone devil of great power, appearing out of nowhere one fateful day. Very poetic. The pageantry of Rating Games could not be denied, because in this day and age in the Underworld, a little showmanship can open a lot more doors than people would expect. Still, this was highly unusual: the twins giving me actually useful and helpful information for once...

"You two are the best." I admitted, continuing packing.

"Hehehe! Of course, we are!" Nozomi smiled, greedily and shamelessly accepting the compliment. "Praise us more!"

"Only if you have any more useful advice."

The twins just glanced at each other, their light green hair swaying as they did their usual twin thing and communicated with only their eyes and some facial expression. "Depends." Nozomi relayed their consensus, "What are you even gonna do there in the city?"

"Joining a peerage, grow stronger, do great achievements, reach the top where everyone knows my name."

"You mean you want to be like those bigshot Rating Games players on tv? You?!"

"Me."

"Oh, you were being serious! Pyahahahahaha!" She bust out laughing. Meanwhile, Hikari shook her head pityingly, already disappointed in a future that she was no doubt assuming was inevitable. "Onii-chan's so confident at all the wrong times…"

Then they shared a glance, sending each other messages through their twin-telepathy before the both of them lunged forward. Small faces pressed into my sides, arms wrapping around my middle with surprising strength. For a heartbeat I stiffened, caught off guard by the sudden weight of them, by how warm they were. This... wasn't how we usually did things.

Nozomi spoke first, voice muffled against my suit. "Making a big, stupid decision that you're gonna regret like this… You're growing up so fast."

Hikari's arms tightened, fingers bunching fabric like she was afraid I might slip through her hands. "You're really gonna leave today?" She hesitated, then added, quieter. "For realsies?"

"Yes, today." I said without a drop of hesitation. Because this was a race, no doubt about it, and I was competing against others for the prize. Against one other person, really.

Hyoudou Issei.

I could see his face without even trying. This human with half my discipline and twice my luck, born with a Sacred Gear that could topple the world. He'd be spotted earlier and closer to the limelight, practically the centre of the universe. The raw power and growth potential granted to him by the [Boosted Gear] beggared belief, and outscaled even my Chaos Gacha for the next few years. So, I had to leave, right now, or else 'Canon' would start and leave me far behind. And once it did, it was going to be near impossible to catch up back to it. If that happened, I may as well cede this universe to the 'Oppai Dragon.' So, I really had to leave. And I had to do it now.

"Hehehehe... Onii-chan's room is ours now on. No take-backs!" Nozomi was the one to say, and I felt her grin against my side.

"Yeah, you can have the room," I said, resting a hand briefly atop each of their heads. Light green hair soft under my palms. "When I come back, I'll build my own mansion here anyway. And it's gonna be so much better than this room. Heck, I bet Dad won't even mind if I do it after changing back the law about owning and tormenting ningens. But... that's going to take a lot of work, I definitely won't be coming back for a while though. So, tell the folks I'll write home."

"Okay…" Hikari's voice came soft, almost sleepy, against my stomach. The twins didn't pull away. If anything, they leaned in harder, like they were memorizing the shape of me while they had the chance. Then she tilted her head up just enough to speak clearly. "And Onii-chan?"

"Yeah?"

"Please get hopelessly lost in the big city, okay?" Hikari pleaded, "This room really is perfect for our trains. At least for a decade."

"And if you're mailing back ningens for dad, mail us some snacks too!" Nozomi added immediately.

The buckles on my suitcase clicked shut, and I exhaled through my nose, a smile tugging despite myself.

These selfish little brats.

But as if they'd heard the thought scrape past my mind, Nozomi and Hikari peeled themselves off me at the same time and hopped onto my bed like a stage. The mattress's spring creaking as they did. The afternoon light from the window catching their light-green hair as they spun in circles, hand in hand.

"Tick-tock, Onii-chan," Nozomi sang, grinning wide as she spun around. "You better hurry or you'll miss your train! Pyahahaha!"

"Overnight freight departing for crash-and-burn station," Kari intoned, spinning with her sister. "All aboard."

"Yeah, yeah," I hefted the suitcase. It felt heavier than it had any right to be, my whole life compressed into a rectangle of dark brown leather. I turned for the door, tipping my hat to my two sisters. "I'll see you twerps later."

Behind me, their voices chased me down the room, overlapping and alternating, braiding together the way they always were.

"Goodbye~" "Bon voyage!" "Auf Wiedersehen~" "Sayonara!"

The twin's cheering followed me past my bedroom's—now their model train room's—doorway. My boots thumped against the familiar, flower-pattern, maroon carpet in a fast rhythm, each step pulling me farther from the room I'd grown up in. And from the kitchen, the savory fragrance of mom's signature devil-chicken stew drifted through the house. One last, home-cooked supper attempting to convince me to stay.

I kept moving, and didn't look back.

Even when I reached the front door, I didn't hesitate... though I did pause. My eyes went to the console table with the mirror. A silver-haired devil teen in a suit and cowboy hat, all in black, stared right back at me. His hand reached out to take a small family photo from the console. The folks, my sisters, me... All of us smiling, caught in a moment frozen in time just a few years ago when I didn't have to complicate things with my dreams.

I slipped the photo into my black suit's pocket, close to my chest, and stepped out under the afternoon sky. Amongst the rustling grass and swaying trees of the estate's front field. And just as the gentle breeze brushed across my cheek, words imprinted themselves onto my mind.


Feat Achieved! — Go West, Young Devil
Gather the courage to run away from home and chase your dreams.
+1 Bronze Gacha Ticket

...
​

It was the very first ticket I've earned since 'arriving' here. Ironic that I'd get it for leaving. I wasn't sure how to roll a metaphysical ticket, but just as the word 'roll' formed in my mind. The ticket reacted, burning away like a worry being lifted from my thoughts. And as it left, something else appeared, slipping into my chest pocket.


[XX - Judgement] |Common Item|
Tarot Card - Allows you to compel someone to tell what they think is the truth without being able to intend to trick you. 120 Hour Cooldown

...
​

I turned the black-and-gold card over, admiring the intricate art inlaid with gold thread. A winged skeleton in the clouds trumpetting down at naked humans writhing on the ground, as if the doot-dooting of his golden trumpet was unbearable to them. With an amused exhale, I slid the card back into my pocket. I hoped for a familiar, something to keep me company, maybe even a horse to ride off into the sunset. But I guess being able to make honest people wherever I go is even better.

How fitting that I'd get a parting gift.

My grip tightened on my suitcase handle, and I stepped forward, fallen leaves crunching under my boots. Because somewhere, beyond the fields and the town of Nebiros, was a train.

My train.

I didn't even know where it was headed, but that didn't matter. What did matter was that it was about to leave without me in about thirty minutes. My grip on my suitcase tightened as leathery, bat-like wings spread out behind me, pushing me through the air as I chased after my train, and my dreams.

Just a small town devil, living in a lonely world, taking the midnight train going anywhere.


(Two days after) [Sitri Estate, Underworld]

Sona Sitri sat straight-backed in her chair, and not a crease out of place in her Kuoh Academy uniform.

With a quiet exhale, she rested her chin on her lightly curled finger, her violet eyes peering past her thin-rimmed glasses and to the chessboard that rested on the polished desk in front of her. The morning light making the pieces cast long shadows on the checkered marble.

Once again, she studied the board in silence.

Midgame. Black to move.

It was a hardfought battlefield. Black's knight was pinned, and the lone bishop was sacrificed earlier to maintain an aggressive forward momentum down the king-side flank of the board. That momentum has since evaporated, and crucial black pieces sat defeated outside the board including Black's Queen, leaving White with excellent odds to win. The conclusion made her frown, because she was the one with black pieces. Worse still, her peerage performed precisely like this current game: promising, but forced to resort to aggressive and unreliable tactics to compensate for the lack of experience... and the lack of pieces.

A stack of folders lay open beside the board. Printouts from Middle-Class Devil database. A roll of names and faces with brief descriptions of their abilities and disposition. Portraits circled in ink, others crossed out just as cleanly.

Her penmanship filled up the margin on the side with notes. This one had power, but without discipline. Another had discipline but without potential. This one was perfect, but far too old for her peerage. And yet another to the growing pile of candidates who were too proud to leave the Underworld... or at least, couldn't handle the commute to the Human World. This one... she had contacted, but his price was exorbitant, even for the Heiress of House Sitri, and likely because she was the Sitri Heiress. Devils of the Sin of Greed always overplayed their hands; her peerage was better off without them anyway. Maybe.

She refrained from clicking her tongue.

Too many maybes, and not enough 'definitelies'. The most promising one wasn't even in the Middle-Class Devil database, because she had found him herself.

Genshirou Saji.

His dossier lay to the side, a recently orphaned human teen in a neighboring prefecture who had exhibited signs of a Sacred Gear. She was fortunate that the Grigori had informed her first; otherwise, another King would have snatched him up. And as for which Sacred Gear he possessed, the lab she'd sent his samples to needed more time to conclusively confirm. Now, she wasn't the type to rely heavily on luck in any of her strategies, but she hoped that Genshirou-san's Sacred Gear was really what she suspected it to be: A fragment of Vritra, the Black Dragon King... Not only was it a unique Sacred Gear, but one of the fabled Draconic ones too. Very powerful, and consequently, very valuable for any young King looking to fill the ranks of her untested peerage. But that was only if Genshirou Saji really did bear one of Dragon Vritra's Sacred Gears.

She lifted her teacup, a fine porcelain piece stained in Sitri-blue, and took a single frustrated sip.

For his recruitment strategy, she needed more time. More time to verify Saji's Sacred Gear, more time to prepare her 'arguments' to convince him to swear himself to her, and even more time to train him once he accepted her generous offer. It was all running on schedule and slated to finish in less than seven to eight weeks.

But unfortunately, she didn't have seven to eight weeks, because she had a Rating Game to win in four.

And she didn't care how many times her sister reassured her with her lilting 'Sona-tan, just believe in the heart of your pieces~ Ehe☆! ' That kind of meat-brained advice was better suited for someone like Rias. And unlike the Gremory heiress, she actually had goals in life beyond loafing around day after day, growing stupider... and fatter.

'Uuu, Sona-tan is being so mean to Rias-chan~ Just because she grew a cup size...'

Teacup clicked softly on the saucer. Porcelain on porcelain.

Sona Sitri was NOT one to lose a Rating Game. Even if it was under the guise of just 'An amicable unofficial Rating Game between Sona Sitri and Seekvaira Agares, heiresses of two distinguished houses from the esteemed 72 Pillars, showcasing the meteoric potential of their new generation.'

Their Houses may be on friendly terms, but the show of strength and of skill that was the Rating Game was visible for everyone. To be recorded and disseminated, then made available to be picked apart and analyzed by any devil in the Underworld who had access to DeviTube. Maybe even clipped and shared if it was embarrassing enough. And that essentially meant that the win or loss will be known for all time throughout all of Creation. Personally, she had nothing against the Agares Heiress, but... Seekvaira was in the way of her own personal goals for the future. Not to mention, she looked like someone who'd lose a lot of Rating Games. So, imagine how devastating it would be, not just to her reputation as the Sitri Heiress, but also as a future headmistress to a Rating Game Academy, if she actually lost to someone as pathetic as that?

'Sona-chan is just jealous that Rias-chan has been hanging out a lot more with Seek-chan the past few months. They're just catching up, ya know~?'

Her fingers reached out and nudged the black knight forward, in range of White's king piece...

Check.

... right before she tipped her own king piece. Marble clicking on marble.

Black resigns.

Because she knew that was as close as she'd get to winning this game. The last desperate move that would be countered by the enemy queen the very next turn, followed by a checkmate in six moves. It couldn't be helped; her strategic options were severely limited by her incomplete pieces. But Sona knew that was no excuse; Seekvaira hadn't assembled a full peerage either. In fact, they were matched, piece by piece. The problem lay in that— No, Seekvaira might have an actual dragon for a Queen piece, and Riser Phenex might have his Queen Piece taking the promotion exam now. But Sona Sitri was not going to admit to anyone that she had the weaker pieces. Never.

Instead, she'll admit that she needed to find a strategy to utterly destroy Seekvaira Agares, and fast.

'Ehe... Sona-tan, this is supposed to be a friendly match between our houses. We just want you two to put on a good fight☆'

... was what her sister had said to her over dinner last night. But she didn't want to just give a 'good fight☆' for House Sitri, she wanted to claim victory for herself, for her dreams, and for all devils who will benefit from them. A Queen, two Bishops, a Knight, a Rook and a Pawn... that's what she currently had to work with. Her other seven pawn pieces, she reserved for Genshirou Saji who she hoped would be a dragon worth all seven of them.

And that left her with...

With a wave of her pale hand, she summoned the Evil Pieces in question: A Black Knight and a Black Rook.

Either piece would do, depending on who she'd find. But really, the 'find' part was proving to be particularly challenging. The stack of printouts neatly aligned on her desk attested to that. Faces stared up at her in rows on the papers: some were crossed out, others were encircled and annotated 'waiting for response' in her tidy handwriting that was slowly transforming into a frustrated scrawl with every iteration, and others still lay unread at the bottom of the pile, patiently waiting their turn to inform her all the reasons why they're better off anywhere else other than be in her peerage.

She'd need at least another day to sort through all this.

'Sona-tan should try doing things like Rias-chan and—'

"No. Just... no." Sona told the empty room and reached under her glasses to massage the bridge of her nose. "I don't think I'll be trying Rias' way of doing things."

And by that, she meant focusing all her energy into... doing nothing. Just sit back, laze around and believe with absolute confidence that some freak-of-nature with immense fighting ability and even more immense potential was just going to come stumbling out of the countryside in the next 24-hours looking for their first peerage. Ready to join, ready to fight, and with no enormous price tag attached.

Satan, even with that idea just bouncing inside her own head, it sounded absolutely, positively stupid as—


[Elsewhere]

A devil in black strolled into the main lobby of the Promotion Test Centre. The smile underneath the shadow of his black, wide-brimmed cowboy hat almost as wide and bright as his large belt buckle.

"Mornin.' This where a devil can take the Middle-Class Promotion Exam?"


- Prologue End -
​

AN:

This is a writing exercise. It's supposed to be rough and unpolished and cringe... No rewrites and no pruning. This is me purely typing to train my wordcount output, which I feel is what has been constraining me.

"Infont, embrace the Chaos of the Chaos Gacha"... Sure, bro, here's my best unfiltered shitposting. Written like a football/baseball/<Insert sport here> drama about a small town kid with dreams of making it to the big leagues. Garnished with Daddy Foghorn Leghorn, a pair of Blue Archive Lolis, some meme lines from a popular song, and the most cartoonish and incomprehensible backstory that I could spitball at the drop of a hat (aka ape from the last videogame I played: Red Dead Redemption 2).

"Roll, then write around the result..." But due to the relatively conservative ranking and scarcity of achievements, I've been advised to make two adjustments to compensate: First is that the buffed minimum roll value (e.g. Nothing below uncommon results on silver rolls, nothing below rare results on gold, etc.) and Second is it's always random tickets.


ORIGIN/CURSE/FEATS:

[Native]
You are a native to the world you are in, what do you mean you live in a world of fiction? This is all just normal to you. As a native, you have good knowledge of the world you are living in, allowing you access to prior training and an established backstory that may help you later down the line. But such a convenient life means that you won't need as much starting assistance from the gacha. You are a big boy/girl who can earn their own tickets.
+2 Silver Gacha Tickets

[Bad Blood] |Severity 7|
You were born into a family of bad people, could be criminals, cultists, crooks, gangsters, or god forbid, a corpo.
|Resolve: None, a one-and-done deal.|
+1 Gold Gacha Ticket

Go West, Young Devil
Gather the courage to run away from home and chase your dreams.
+1 Bronze Gacha Ticket

ROLLS:

[Intermediate Item Construction] |Rarity: Rare Skill| (Gold Ticket)
You know how to make decent magical and enchanted items, if you know fire magic, you can turn a regular sword into a sword that can light itself on fire on command. If you have the ability Invisibility, you can probably make a cloak that suppresses your presence.

[XX - Judgement] |Common Item| (Bronze Ticket)
Tarot Card - Allows you to compel someone to tell what they think is the truth without being able to intend to trick you. 120 Hour Cooldown

By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Classus Moira, kffs and 1,896 others
Infonticus
Jan 23, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch 1 - The Drifter Stepping into Town
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Jan 23, 2026
Add bookmark
#5
Chapter 1: The Drifter Stepping into Town


Nebiros.

It was an old name. A hated name.

Of the Six Houses of Lucifer who had sworn themselves to Him in the Beginning, Angels, both white of wing and black, cursed the name 'Nebiros' the most.

If House Lucifuge was the Dread Right Hand of the Original Lucifer, the tip of His claw who led His legions from the vanguard and were the first to disembowel His enemies... then House Nebiros was His Idle Left Hand. And as the angels and the human church always say 'Idle hands are the Devil's workshop.' Secretive and dedicated to their research, members of House Nebiros rarely appeared publicly even at the height of the Great War. But when they do appear, it was always with something terrible in hand: A new plague, a new curse, a new method of torture. Novel horrors to be gifted en masse to the Original Lucifer's favoured enemies. And House Nebiros' generosity for such gifts were legendary.

It was thus a relief for both sides in the Devil Civil War that House Nebiros did not pick a side. In fact, they didn't even participate at all.

Though, there were still suspicions that the 50-foot-tall, mutated Beelzebub monster that almost eradicated the entire capital with a great fog of decay was their doing. Not that they could conclusively prove that it was or was not a Nebiros Project when the entire House just seemed to have vanished without a trace. Even their branch house, House Naberius, marginally involved with the Nekoshou incident, had disappeared a decade before.

But for House Nebiros themselves, it has been more than half a millennium and the Underworld has not heard a whisper of a whisper.

Until now.

Until a nameless devil just walked through the doors of Glasya-Labolas Promotion Testing Centre, submitted the necessary forms, and with just his name, rang alarm bells that resounded all the way to the offices of the Four Satans.

A potential diplomatic and security situation that required their direct and austere attention.


[Falbium's Command Center - Glasya-Labolas Territory]

"When peace is threatened, when diplomatic tensions rise☆~ Her pretty wand will weave ironclad treaties~ Pursuant to all preexisting obligations and in accordance with standing procedure~ I am Magical Girl Diplomat Levi-tan☆, summoned and entering negotiations~!"

Serafall Leviathan twirled off the teleportation magic circle with sparkling lights and a flutter (and tasteful mahou-shoujo-standard pure-white panty flash) of her pink magical girl costume.

"Please take this seriously, Leviathan-sama." came the deadpan greeting.

But unfortunately, instead of anyone with an ounce of fun and wonder in their bones, the one to greet her arrival was the old, no-fun maid, Grayfia Lucifuge, with her no-fun silver hair and no-fun maid outfit and no-fun impassive expression.

"Okie☆~ Levi-tan will do her best!" She said with a wink, just to wind her up. "Is everyone else here?"

"Only Lucifer-sama," Grayfia led her through the double wooden doors into the command center.

"Ah, Serafall, you made it." Sirzechs Lucifer, head of all the Underworld, in all his quadruple-pauldron plate armour, glanced up from his XXL slurpee cup that he was refilling from the soda fountain. His blue eyes went to the empty space behind her. "Falbium couldn't come, huh? I thought that since this was happening in his own city's testing centre, he'd at least drop by for a few minutes."

"Sirzechs-chan... You already know what Falbi's answer was."

Falbium Asmodeus', formerly of House Glasya-Labolas, reaction to a long-lost House showing up in the heart of his territory, in the same city that he lived in, was '...Wake me up when he does something actually concerning' right before falling right back to sleep in his recliner armchair. But at least, Falbi let them use his command centre to monitor the developing situation. Although, as expected of Falbi, it was more like a vast man-cave than a command center. Extra-soft, brown carpets wall-to-wall, black leather massage chairs, the door to the home theatre off to the side, humming chillers full of drinks, hotdog rollers, dimsum steamers, soda fountains, and arcade games from every major Devil and human brand.

They'd only assembled here a few times in the past few decades, because a certain killjoy maid thought they didn't get enough work done whenever they chose to work from here.

"I guess I shouldn't have expected less of Falbium," Sirzechs muttered, followed by a deep, appreciative sip from his drink. "A shame. I was going to ask where he gets his soda. Rias-chan's birthday is coming up, and this would be great at the party."

Serafall smiled wide, "You should take it a step further and get a soda fountain installed! I bet it'll be a hit with everyone, especially the kids!"

"You're... absolutely right!" Sirzechs gasped, clearly not having thought of that, "Say, Grayfia, do you think we could—"

"No, we won't be installing our own soda fountain in the mansion. It will set a bad example for Milicas. So please stop heeding questionable advice from..." Red eyes glanced at her specifically, "...terrible role models."

This bitch~☆

"Serafall," Sirzerchs interrupted, "Tell me that you found where the Nebiros base is."

Setting aside her staring with the stupid maid, she handed him a disappointingly thin folder. "I made the calls. Neither the Grigori nor our other contacts in all known Fallen Angel territories in the known Underworld have ever heard of 'Nebiros town' or even a 'Nebiros Valley'... I'm not even sure if it's just under a different name or made up entirely. And no, they haven't come across any unreported settlements of Devils either."

She looked at the ultrawide tv displaying the security cam feed of the testing centre. Testing Room 04. About forty hopefuls were already in the middle of the written portion of the promotion exam. And there, seated just slightly to the side, sat the reason why the Satans (minus Falbi) were assembled here: A devil dressed in black, like a yankee cowboy.

'Malal Nebiros. 17. Nebiros Town, Nebiros Valley, Underworld.'

Serafall's white-gloved finger tapped the shaft of her star wand. "Sirzechs-chan... Are we sure he's the real deal?"

"Well, he's got the Lucifer-silver hair," He shrugged. "Grayfia, you've hung around Rizevim the most before the war. That definitely looks like the same shade as his hair, right? Or yours, now that I think about it."

With a thoughtful look, the maid from House Lucifuge held up a braid of her own hair tied by those little blue bows, and considered the silver locks against the one on the screen. "I suppose it does bear some resemblance," she murmured, "But that, in and of itself, is no proof of his authenticity as a descendant of one of the Six Houses of Lucifer."

Naturally, they've had pretenders from lost or extinct Houses before, but never this... understated. Every pretender-claimant that came before didn't miss an opportunity to shout the name of 'their' house from the rooftops. Always too eager to reap the benefits and VIP treatment from being a member from a long lost House. Bloodlines were valuable after all, and old debts to lost Houses still needed to be repaid, no matter how many millennia passed. With power, fame and riches waiting on a gold platter for them, it was no surprise pretenders wouldn't stop reminding people of what was owed to 'their' house.

But this one? This one was happy to just write it on top of his papers and quietly wear the Sigil of House Nebiros on his person... even if it was on his oversized belt buckle.

"Sorry, I'm late." came a voice as the doors creaked open again.

He stepped inside. A great cape swaying to his steps in perfect metronome time, his light green hair swept back like by a powerful wind, and an always serious expression. A group of assistants in stark-white lab coats trailed behind him, documents and tablets in their arms.

Ajuka Beelzebub has arrived.

Serafall beamed. "Aju-kun! Just in time! Have you—"

"Finished verifying his identity? I've only performed the test thrice-over," The dedicated researcher out of the Four Satans looked up from his air hockey table that he was currently covering in documents and laptops. And with a gesture of his chin, his lab-coated assistants handed some to her and Sirzechs. And as always, she and Sirzechs leafed through the papers filled with dense scientific jargons and math out of politeness while they let Ajuka explain, "His Demonic Power matches what scant signature samples we have recorded from House Nebiros. It's... corrupted in ways inexplicable to current deformation models, but still within thresholds. The analysis suggested about a 90% likelihood. Not conclusive, but a high degree of certainty."

"So... that means..."

"I can very confidently say that he is a member of House Nebiros."

"I see," Sirzechs sipped the last of his drink. "So, that shiny, oversized belt buckle with the Sigil of House Nebiros isn't just for show. You think Rias-chan would wear it if I got her one with the Gremory sigil? Ehehehe... Cowgirl Rias-chan~"

She tilted her head. "I don't see the appeal of—"

"Cowgirl Sona." he shot back, and she melted at the mental image.

"Ehehehe, Magical Cowgirl Sona-tan☆~"

Grayfia pinched her husband's cheek. "Focus, you two."

"Yes, I've done my part." Ajuka said as an assistant handed him his own slightly less-oversized slurpee cup, "Now it's all about the political ramifications of his arrival... which is your responsibility, Sirzechs."

"No, it's still in my area of responsibility." Serafall spoke up. "He's a Devil from the Extra Demon Houses that isn't part of our current Devil society. He's still under Foreign Relations."

Sirzechs raised his slurpee to her, conceding the point to her.

"Thanks, Sirzechs-chan." She beamed, "Mmm, so what I really want to know is... if he's really from House Nebiros, and he's not hiding it. Do we know why he's even there?"

Ajuka raised a light green brow. "His submitted report states that he's taking the Middle-Class Promotion Test to make himself more appealing as a peerage member. So that he can learn spells and techniques, collect great achievements to his name and I quote: make his family damn proud."

"No, I meant why not just call us up and get granted High-Class Devil status?" She asked. "Why take the Middle-Class Promotion Test at all? It's the right of every pure-blooded descendant of 72 Pillars to a High-Class status, even those from the Extra Demons Houses. And it's especially within his rights since he's a member of the Lucifer Six. Even Roygun-chan went straight to us when she ran away from House Belphegor's territory!"

"Hmm," Ajuka just hummed in thought. Though, that was Ajuka-Code for 'I'll leave figuring out other people's irrational intentions to you two.'

"Well, whatever his reasons are..." Sirzechs began with a contemplative sip from his oversized cup, "Zekram Bael will be happy to hear that another member from an Extra Demon House has come out of hiding to willingly participate in the Rating games."

"So," she said slowly, eyes drifting to the young devil within the display, "you're saying he came all this way just to show everyone his willingness to submit to the laws and customs we established?"

"Maybe." Sirzechs lifted one shoulder in a careless shrug. The motion making his massive pauldrons click. "Or maybe he wants an audience. Either way…"

The Incumbent Lucifer settled into a massage chair, the leather murmuring beneath his weight as he leaned back. Armour plates clicking as he settled in, and one gauntleted hand resting on the armrest. His blue-eyes under his flowing red hair, sharply fixed on the TV where the Devil youth's image hovered at his desk.

"I want to see him fight."

"Seconded," Ajuka said, sitting down on the ottoman beside Sirzechs. His eyes narrowed at the TV with interest. "House Nebiros built its name on inventive solutions. I'm curious whether that legacy survived the centuries, especially in its youth."

Serafall exhaled, feigning exasperation to buy herself time to decide.

Protocol tugged at her thoughts, of her duty to the estranged Houses whose interests she was charged to keep appeased. She looked back to the TV, to the youth outlined in pale light. With his pedigree confirmed, this Nebiros youth shouldn't have to suffer another minute there. With the right words and the right stamps, she could have him elevated, recognized, and spared the indignity of a promotion trial meant for lesser names. Because what kind of message would they be sending to other potential members of long-lost Houses if they made one from House Nebiros, Lucifer's own Idle Left Hand, go through the Middle-Class Devil Promotion Exam and imply that he's a Low-Class Devil that needed to be promoted?

And yet...

He willingly signed up for this. He literally appeared from nowhere to walk through those doors and sign up for the exam.

"I guess..." The words slipped out as she sat down on the leather couch to Sirzech's right. "It's been a long time since I've watched a Middle-Class Devil Promotion Exam."

"Grayfia, get your Satans some snacks!" Sirzechs grinned. And the maid was already moving, skirt swaying as she hurried over to the hotdog rollers and dimsum steamers.

"I took the liberty to instruct the examiners to watch him closer than the rest." Ajuka folded his arms, eyes fixed on the live feed. "And fortunately for us, the written portion of the exam is about to end in three… two… one..."


[Promotion Test Centre, Glasya-Labolas Territory]

"Time's up. Pencils down."

There were about forty other people in the university-style exam room with me, and all throughout the written portion, I had done nothing but fantasize about how I'd go about brutally beating each and every single one of them to an inch of life.

Of course, I have. My grade depended on it.

But I would have done it even if it wasn't part of the next test, because it was also the right and proper Devil thing to do. What kind of Devil wasn't always squaring up the competition and ready to go absolutely ape on them at a drop of a hat? 'A devil without principles!' my dad would say 'Turning their back on the dark, unholy light of Satan! They may as well hang up their wings, move to the Human World and live like the rest of them tax-filing, middle-of-the-lane-walking, conflict-avoiding ningen.'

He'd be proud that I successfully cheated on the test too. I'd studied as much as I could before leaving home, so I didn't really need to cheat, but it was the thought that counted. Especially when it was made so easy by the abilities that I had acquired.

Two Silver Ticket rolls were granted to me at the 'beginning.'


[Byakugan] |Elite Ability|
Naruto - Grants you exceptional visual prowess that can even penetrate through solid matter and allow you to read energy signatures.

...
​

This was the very first.

The Byakugan.

Telescopic, x-ray vision that can also detect most energy signatures, including Demonic Power. It had a range of about seventy yards, or about two-and-a-half basketball courts laid end-to-end; it also had the potential to grow to miles and miles as well. And in that range, no walls nor camouflage could hide people from me.

And yes, it could see through clothes. In fact, the moment I activated [Byakugan].


Feat Achieved! — FBI: Female Body Inspector
See a hundred beautiful (subjective) girls naked in person.
+1 Silver Gacha Ticket

...
​

A silver was a silver, I'd say.

But seriously, the thrill of being able to see any unnaturally beautiful Devils completely naked lost its luster quick. So what if the girls in the front row were practically a line of round asses shifting in their seats, and so what if I could mentally order every girl by breast size and cutest nipples. Because like living in a stripclub, the constant parade of bare breasts, naked asses and puffy pussies that were only available for 'looking but no touching' built up a level of sexual frustration that was becoming more of a distraction than anything.

It did however make it easy to check my answers against everyone else's.

I never would have spelled the esoteric names right in Question 31: Write the names of the enemy leaders that appear in 'Levi-tan.' Though, that was apparently a common challenge since more than a few spent the last few minutes going back to that question, writing and erasing various spellings of the same few names.

But for some suspicious reason, everyone was able to answer and correctly spell 'Tentaculord, Lord of Tentacles.'

In fact, it was everyone's first answer.

"The practicals will be held at Testing Hall 01 in fifteen minutes." came the speaker's announcement as the examiners—humourless men and women in red-and-white attire resembling military dress, the sigil of House Glasya-Labolas stitched on the backs—stepped up to our seats to collect our papers. The announcement still rang on. "You may take this time to prepare for combat. But please do not delay in reporting to Testing Hall 01, as tardiness will be grounds for immediate failure."

Chairs scraped back, and the colourfully-dressed crowd of devils moved to vacate the room with their grand capes and gold-trimmed armour. But as I followed the shuffling crowd, I couldn't help but notice... some of the examiners themselves didn't move. They stayed where they were, pens hovering over clipboards, eyes staring like devil-coyotes at the edge of firelight. Especially on me.

That's when it hit me.

The bell had been rung, but the test was still going. But for what? Maybe they were counting nerves, sniffing out who had that presence and bearing of a Devil worthy of being promoted? Whether a Devil filled his boots steady, or shifted like a green colt that hadn't learned the feel of a saddle yet? Or maybe... it wasn't about confidence, and more about who closest embodied the ideals of Satan?

Unease settled coldly in my belly, because ever since I've arrived here, I've been nothing but polite and agreeable. Like a ningen.

That had to be fixed.

So, thinking fast, I raised a hand and swung it down the nearest girl's ass. Her thin silk skirt of lavender purple granted no cushioning from my palm, and shimmered from the impact as the juicy 'smack' carried across the entire exam hall.

It was an amazing rear too. Could bounce a devil-dime off that devil-derriere.

The girl—or more accurately, an extremely buxom young woman—let out a surprisingly lewd, almost-pornstar yelp with her lyrical voice. But she recovered quickly, whipped right around with a fierce scowl smoldering through the flowing curtain of her rich violet hair. "You dare!?" She demanded with an indignant and humiliated blush, "Do you know who I am?!"

"Someone who'd be better on her back than playing around here." I said with smug disregard as I walked past her. And out of the corner of my eye, an examiner noticed, jotted something down on his clipboard. Yes, that is me. A Devil, acting and sexually harassing women like a proper Devil. Grade me higher.

Unfortunately, the woman wasn't one to back down. Her voice chased after my back.

"What did you say, you lowly imp!?"

In my defense, I was honest about what I said. She really did look like a woman of the night. Standing tall and buxom. Smoldering and sultry with her long, wavy violet hair that curtained off half her face. Even the sneer on her purple-painted lips felt classy.

She was beautiful even without showing off her body, and show off her body she definitely did.

Her top was less of a plunging neckline and more like two flaps of purple cloth that covered only the outer edges of her generous breasts. So scanty it was that the candy pink edges of her areolas were just barely peeking out, and the fabric tenting on her nipples and looking like she was just one careless brush of the hand away from making those smooth, flawless pale F-cups slip out. And her long, lavender skirt with a side-slit, letting her long leg wrapped in dark thigh-high stockings linger out in the open like a bedroom invitation.

Of course, I ignored her, refraining from escalating the situation beyond just some light sexual harassment.

There was just no point.

Too over-the-top and it becomes tasteless. I'm trying to embody the sins after all, not lampoon them. Devilish deeds like these need to seem natural, effortless even. I had to be the very image of devil kind, fully embracing conflict as he relentlessly pursues his evil goals and dark desires. A conquering, violating, corrupting force who preyed on women, relishing their tears and defiling their bodies... just as my mom always taught me to be. It will be a while before I could live up to her lofty expectations though. But a devil's gotta start making his mom proud somewhere!

"D–don't just walk away!" the woman shouted at my back. "Get back here!"

Besides, I didn't need her anymore anyway. I had my Devil comportment grade, and if I wanted to show how much of a philandering devil I was, I'd sexually harass another woman.

"Urgh! I nor my king won't forget this!" Her heels clicked as she angrily stamped the tiled floor. "And you'd better hope that we don't match in the practicals!"

That finally earned her something: a faint lift at the corner of my mouth. One-in-forty chance that we do, or 2.5%. It was kind of statistically laughable odds that made gambling addicts believe in fate and destiny whenever it happened.

But I can't say that I wasn't a little disappointed by it.

I pictured arena lights cutting down, the hush before the examiner spoke the matchup, and the moment her face would harden when she saw my name across from hers. The crowd would love it, even my Lucifer blood heated up at the thought of such a confident, voluptuous woman walking up to challenge me to a fight, just asking for me to crush the defiance in her eyes to reveal the delicious, tear-stained fear underneath.

Yeah... that would make for a good show. But again, 2.5% chance, so it was very unlikely to happen.

A damn shame.


[Falbium Command Center]

Serafall sipped her big orange slurpee cup in interest as they all watched the drama unfold.

That Nebiros youth had a more spontaneous temperament than she expected. House Nebiros' reputation before the Civil War had been that of scientists solely dedicated to their research. She can hardly even remember a marriage between them and another Devil House. But here this one was, just picking fights and sexually harassing this girl out of nowhere. He backed away suspiciously quickly though, and Serafall didn't think it was out of fear of retribution though. Was he not serious about pursuing her? Or did he have another reason for goading her?

"Huh, that girl looks familiar..." Sirzechs commented beside her, a chili cheese dog held in his armoured palm. And Grayfia supplied the answer.

"That would be Riser Phenex's Queen, Yubelluna."

"Oh, so that's where I know her from!" He said with a carefree chuckle, "What a small world! Looks like Nebiros here is already making sworn enemies on his very first day back with the rest of Devil civilization. I definitely can't see Riser letting this kind of thing slide, and that means Rias-chan isn't going to be alone on Riser's list! Youth these days are so lively."

Serafall just sipped contemplatively from her big slurpee.

It was true. Making an enemy of one of the 72 Pillar Houses had a way of generating allies. Walk out in public and shout your disdain for a specific House, and their hated rivals would crawl out of the woodwork almost immediately, eager to shake your hand for sharing their particular hatred. House Phenex in particular had a lot of those. And despite alliances of convenience being brittle and not lasting for more than a decade or two, they were allies nonetheless, and more than a few true and lasting alliances arose from these. It wouldn't be a bad move for a newly returned House like Nebiros to pick sides like this. Still, House Phenex was not a name someone challenged lightly. Their reach was long, and they held onto grudges longer than most.

So, whether provoking the Phenexes counted as wise was debatable at best. But bold? ...Yes, it was definitely a bold move.

And Serafall Leviathan liked bold moves.

"Yubelluna is pretty famous on her own too." She added after a sip, "She's the 'Bomb Queen', I've heard Sona-chan call her. One of the Queen pieces with the most potential in their generation."

"An excellent point, Serafall," Ajuka commented, then his sharp eyes glanced at Sirzechs. "Her Demonic Power is in the 96th percentile of the hopefuls in that batch. That would be sufficient stimulus to draw a proportionate response from the young Nebiros."

"I guess that's one way to find out what he's capable of." Serafall nodded along, "And if his skillset is any indication of the rest of his House, this would be valuable information."

"It's the most interesting way too." Sirzerchs chuckled, raising a sharp, red eyebrow at her. "So, you don't disapprove of testing the newcomer?"

"Of course☆!" Serafall beamed for the first time since sitting down. "If evildoers do something as cowardly as attacking a lady from behind, then they shouldn't be surprised when they're faced head-on☆~!"

"Leviathan-sama," Grayfia sighed, "please don't quote your show out of context."

"So, you do watch my show?!"

"Milicas-sama does," the Lucifuge maid scoffed. "It is a puerile and nonsensical show that not even a child would take seriously. Only good for burning idle time."

"You—!"

"Glad that we all agree!" Sirzechs clapped his hands together, the metal clink of his gauntlets ringing through the Falbi's man-cave. "Ajuka, can you connect us directly to the head examiner's office?"

Ajuka nodded, lifting one hand to trace a brief, glowing sigil in the air.

The display winked like a TV changing channels. The hopefuls vanished, replaced by a wide view of a white control room dense with instruments, glowing display panels, and suspended crystal arrays. Several Testing Centre officials in Glasya-Labolas red were already on their feet, all snapping into rigid bows the instant the feed resolved.

"Y-yes!" one of them squeaked, voice pitching high before he caught himself. He bowed again, deeper this time, sweat visible along his hairline. "What can we at the Glasya-Labolas Promotion Testing Center do for our Satans?"

With a satisfied smile, Sirzechs rested his cheek on his hand, swirling his XXL slurpee cup like it was fine wine.

"About the 'random matching' in your ongoing practical test today..."


[Testing Hall 01]

Everyone was politely and patiently waiting for the appointed hour in which we all beat the ever-living tar out of each other.

It called to us.

The circular ring of white stone in the center of this grand interior gymnasium.

A windowed observation deck up high overlooking the entire Testing Hall, likely for the examiners or VIP. But for us Middle-Class Devil candidates, we stood on ground level, right beside the ring in loose clusters. No one had dared risk being tardy, including myself, and everyone had gathered long before the fifteen minutes were up. But with nothing to do but wait in the empty Testing Hall, the others had taken to striking up some light conversation. But every pair of eyes eventually drifted back to me who sat unabashedly on the dirt.

Most looks were appraising as one does a possible opponent. Some were curious as to what I was doing. But only one was openly hostile.

The woman (with the firm ass that now bore my handprint on it) didn't bother hiding her animosity. She stood in the distance, but with a clear line of sight of me. Her slender arms folded tight in her flowing white sleeves, and her dark curtain of violet hair half-covering her pretty, glaring face. I found it funny that we didn't even know each other's names. Though she was starting to look vaguely familiar now that I had spent more time around her. Though, I was unsure if this was from my memories of watching the DxD anime, or from watching the TV of Rating Games.

Still, I ignored her glaring, and continued doing the same thing I had done for the past fifteen minutes.

Whittling.

My knife scraped easy on the wood. Just fallen sticks, busted branches and whatever wood scraps I'd picked up on the way in. Their rough-barked surfaces now carved smooth into thumb-sized totems of screeching eagles, stoic bears and wing-spread hawks. Although, these ones weren't for enchanting with my [Intermediate Item Construction].

No, these were just to keep my hands busy.

Satan knew that I couldn't do anything much else; that silver ticket I got earlier turned out to be a dud.


[Widen] |Rare Ability|
Allows you to extend the area of effect of an ability without decreasing its power, like doubling or tripling the area of effect but making the ability consume more energy.

...
​

It wasn't something I could use anytime soon.

Chaos Gacha could only sustain one 'Ability' at a time. An 'Ability Slot' if you will. But [Widen] needed to be active in a second ability slot for it to be used, something that I wasn't getting anytime soon. Because if I wanted to raise that limit, I had to earn it the hard way: I'd need to roll five Abilities under my belt to run two at once, then ten abilities to use three at once, and so on.

So much for a 'Rare Ability.'

I held up a completed totem up to the bright gymnasium light, past the brim of my black hat, and clicked my tongue. This one didn't look like a boar at all.

Didn't need to make more anyhow. Not when the inside of my coat was practically lined with these little thumb-sized totems. Hawks and bears and eagles, still warm with the Demonic Power that I had imbued into them long before I left Nebiros Town. They rested against my ribs like a bandolier of live shotgun rounds, and it might be just my imagination, but it felt like they were growing even hotter as the minutes ticked down, as if they were impatiently anticipating the deluge of one-on-one ultraviolence that was about to occur in a few short minutes.

It was like they were itching for it, or maybe it was me who was.

...Ring...

"Looks like time's up." I muttered, pocketing my knife and rising to my feet. Just in time to see an examiner—still in that red, gold-trimmed military-parade uniform of Glasya-Labolas personnel—to step into the center of the ring where all of us Middle-Class Devil hopefuls could see him.

"The practical portion is simple," he said, his voice carrying across the grounds. "You will fight each other."

A pause, just long enough to let everyone appreciate the confirmation of what we already knew from the very beginning.

"Lots will be drawn, and the number you receive determines your opponent. Weapons are of course permitted, and you are encouraged to fight with the full measure of power you possess, but understand this clearly: the battle will be judged as a whole. Losing does not automatically mean failure; victory, however, earns you more points. And points do matter as you will be graded in the three criteria of heart, technique, and body. So, you are encouraged to demonstrate all three. There is no time limit; however, examiners may end the fight at their discretion. And please note that if your opponent dies, you automatically fail."

A murmur rippled through the participants. He raised one hand and the sound died instantly.

"Prepare yourselves. For once all numbers are drawn, there will be no delays. Matches will be in reverse order: The last pair to be called will battle first." the examiner turned to leave, but stopped as if suddenly remembering something. "... And one last thing: Do battle as if the Four Satans themselves are watching."

More examiners stepped up.

And beneath their watchful eyes, we drew the lots. Little plastic ping-pong balls inscribed with numbers, drawn blindly by reaching into a colourful plastic box. Then once, everyone had a number. The examiners started calling out the matched pairs. The first ones to be called, who were also last to fight, exhaled in relief. Others stiffened as they realised who their opponents were.

For me? I waited with my little '6' ball, and waited, and waited. Then finally...

"And for the first match: We have Number Six and Number Thirty-seven! Please step into the ring!"

"Hah!" I laughed, then even louder as I saw who I was up against, grinning at my opponent. "What are the odds, right?!"

"Yes, lucky me." came the icy reply. The same purple-haired woman whose ass I slapped stepped forward, hips swaying in her tight lavender purple dress, and red heels striking stone with deliberate force. She carried a staff now, a crooked black thing crested with boney-white ornament shaped like a dragon in flight. The hostility I'd felt bubbling earlier was now practically rolling off her. Her purple eyes all lit up, sharp and eager. "I hope you're ready. I'm going to blow you apart, limb from limb until you're squirming like a bloody maggot on the floor."

"Ma'am," I chuckled. "Blowing me might be the only way you'll come close to winning this."

After her angry growl, silence followed. Just a devil-in-black, standing across the white-stoned ring from her.

The bell rang.

She didn't wait for ceremony or stance. Demonic Power flared around her like a sudden violent stormfront. The stone floor beneath my boots shone as a purple magic circle bloomed into existence. A large complex pattern for an aggressive spell layered for maximum yield.

But unfortunately for her, I won the quickdraw.

My Lightning Bolt struck her long before her spell finished forming. Just a bright white flash and ear-ringing thunder... and there she was, stumbling back from the hit. Smoke rose from her abdomen where the lightning struck her and scorched a scrap off her black corset. The glowing violet lines of her magic circle evaporated too, the spell fizzling before it could activate beneath my feet.

"It was probably a lousy spell in the first place," I scoffed aloud, pausing from casting anymore attacks just in case she was one of those glass-cannon types who'd keel over in a stiff breeze. After all, like the examiner said, killing an opponent meant instant fail in the exam.

"You..." the whisper slipped through the quiet.

Unfortunately, I waited too long.

"...ARE DEAD!" Her shriek rose as dark, bat-like wings spread out from her back and she took to the air. With better distance and mobility, she weaved around the blazing pair of firebolts that I followed up, searing through the air close enough to singe her fluttering white-and-purple dress.

Her Demonic Power flared again, and my [Byakugan] snapped open.

I saw it then. The flow of her Demonic Power, like purple neon lights that shot through the air like flying snakes, landed on the ground a full second before the purple magic circle fully coalesced. The complex pattern was the same as the one she tried to form at the start, and once it did... the explosion tore outward with a thunderclap, stone fragments and dust blasting across the arena.

Of course, seeing it happen in real time, I had stepped aside.

Hurried, but far from my full speed. Black leather boots hammering on smooth stone as the blast cratered the floor where I'd been standing. The scorched debris zipped past me with room to spare, and both the heat and the shockwave may as well be a gust of summer wind. Looks like I had overinvested in the Barrier enchantments that I had woven into all my clothes: none of them had activated in full yet! Because when the dust cleared, the only thing they'd accomplished was keeping the dust off my clothes.

Her first real attack, wasted on empty space.

My opponent paused at that, floating in the air. As if unable to believe that I had dodged the attack without even taking to the air.

And luckily for me, I've seen her fantastic naked body enough with my [Byakugan] that I didn't get distracted when she started flashing me her snugly-fitting lacy black panties up her fluttering purple skirt. Because after seeing her float in the air like that and cast her signature spell, my memory was finally jogged enough to recognise who she was.

"You're Riser Phenex's Queen piece, aren't you?" I grinned up at her, past the brim of my cowboy hat. "The Bomb Queen! Yuluna-something!"

More than having seen her bare breasts in the anime, I'd also seen her fight on TV. A prodigy of explosive magic whose magic duels with other Queen Pieces made for some of the best spectacles in the bracket. But those duels also never last long, because neither did most of her opponents. Blown apart by her hard-hitting, rapid-fire explosion magic.

"Don't butcher my name!" She snarled, "It's Yubelluna! Just for that, I'll plant an explosion on your tongue!"

More purple magic circles lit up, and more explosions followed. Then another, and another. Each one missed me by entire yards; or more accurately, I watched them form with my [Byakugan] and moved away before they could fully coalesce. From the outsider's point of view, it must have looked like she either had the worst aim in the underworld, or her spellwork was so sluggish that it may as well have been a tortoise in a mud pool.

She scowled as I continued to evade, irritation scrunching her pretty face more and more.

Then I finally closed the distance enough to the effective range of my own spells. Too close for the zipping purple-dressed Devil to dodge.

I reached inside my suit, and withdrew those thumb-sized totems, caught between the fingers of my clenched fist. And the totems of the Hawk, Bear, Eagle were levelled at her.

"Try not to bite your tongue. 'Cause this is gonna sting."

The hawk totem's eyes lit up, and Fire answered. A tight, screaming Firebolt ripped across the air, forcing her to abort her next explosion spell and dive through the air. The ground shook as the explosion she'd been shaping detonated at the edge of the ring instead.

Now depleted, the burnt and smoking Hawk Totem began disintegrating. And I let it tumble from my fingers.

The Bear Totem's eyes alighted next, and Water answered. A white spear of a raging Waterblast surged forth like an ancient geyser or an overpressured fireman's hose. Furious enough to be nigh impossible to dodge so soon after the Firebolt, but still slow enough to be blocked by Barrier magic.

A purple magic circle formed in front of the Bomb Queen just in time to block most of it.

Then the Eagle Totem's eyes flashed, and Lightning answered. A Lightning Bolt, identical to the one that struck her at the start, struck her again. This time, it clipped her right thigh, garterbelt hanging limply from the torn scraps of her thigh-high pantyhose. But Devils were tough, and reincarnated ones were no different. She recoiled in the air, but stayed there...

"Round two."

... Just in time for her to see me level three more totems at her: Bear, Hawk, Eagle.

Their eyes flashed in rapid succession, and the arena air screamed as it was filled with the elements.

She was in a bad spot now. In Rating Games, having your Queen piece be stalled by a Bishop piece for any reasonable amount of time up was already considered a bad position. Having two Bishops pin your Queen down with a magical barrage was a blunder. But with my totems? I had the firepower of three Bishops.

Because normally, every spell exacted a cost on a Devil's Demonic Power reserves, and Demonic Power was never far removed from one's stamina. The average Reincarnated Devil in 'professional' Rating Games shown on TV could only hurl fifteen or so decently powered spells in a row before their vision blurred and their legs gave out from underneath them. And that assumed they were allowed to form the magic circles uninterrupted in the first place. In Rating Games, magic circles may as well be glowing targets that mark out magic users.

I, on the other hand...

More burnt out totems clattered to the ground, but I just pulled more out from my suit jacket. Their eyes already shining.

... I was only limited to the number of totems I've charged beforehand.

No magic circles, no cast times, and no Demonic Power cost which also meant no sudden feeling of tiredness from having used one's own stamina to power it. Just more spells ripping through air, cast faster than what should be possible, with not even a glowing magic circle for a warning.

I was still so fresh that this may as well be a warmup.

At most, my arm might get tired from pulling out all these totems and aiming at her face. Hah! However, with her outgunned, taking hit after hit, and wasting Demonic Power from interrupted spell casts, Yubelluna's luck was gonna run out before that happened.

"Gaaargh!"

And it did. A Firebolt clipped her leathery wing. The straw that broke the camel's back. The sizzle of burnt flesh, and the aroma of roast pork followed. And the Bomb Queen finally landed a shaky but safe landing on her feet... just in time to see a bear totem pointed at her. The Waterblast that followed knocked her to the ground. Her dragon-topped staff clattered away from her reach.

"And stay down." I opened my black suit jacket to check my stock. Wooden totems still sat in their little bandoliers, still half-filled. Huh, could've sworn I used more. I definitely didn't hold back much, walking into this ring with the intent to grind my opponent down under a withering hail of magical firepower.

And that strategy worked.

Yubelluna, the Bomb Queen, reduced to just a naked woman soaking wet, sitting in a puddle on the stone ground, and both palms on the floor, keeping herself from collapsing as much as she could.

Her purple dress and her white overcoat long blasted off of her from the endless barrage of spells. And her only recourse for modesty was her long violet hair, tips still smoking. But that mostly stuck wetly down her back, leaving her naked front perfectly exposed. Her bare F-cups hanging, pink tips pointing down, as those soft pair of milky white globes swayed with every mouthful of air she gulped down. Her shredded thigh-high stockings still clung to her long legs in broken bands of dark fabric. Her lacy black panties were likely blown off her by that last Waterblast, since trimmed purple hair peeked out from between her milky smooth thighs.

But my mother taught me right, practically hammered into my skull exactly how to treat women in this kind of situation: Show her absolutely no mercy.

So, I withdrew just one more totem, my black suited form stepped up to just a few paces from her. "This one here casts lightning slower." I held up an eagle totem at the edge of the puddle, ready to fry. "And this is the part where you concede the match."

Yubelluna glared at me, the fight not yet gone from her purple eyes. "Using nothing but magic items. You're so weak that you can't face me with your own power, you— Aaagghh!"

Eagle totem eyes flashed, and Electrical buzzing droned through the entire arena as lightning coursed through the little puddle she laid in. Steam rose from her naked, water-soaked body as the current rushed through her for several long seconds. Then it stopped, and she immediately gasped for breath. And standing over her now, my earlier comment was proven right: Nothing like a very beautiful, very busty and very naked woman breathless and on her back. Her hourglass shape on the white stone floor, laying on a bed of her own rich purple hair. Eyes unfocused. Pink-tipped F-cups swaying, and her wide hips and soft thighs trembling, and her long legs trailing down and down and down to red heels.

I flicked the blackened eagle totem away like a used cigarette butt.

"My dear, if I used my real power, I'd have killed you instantly," I said in a sober tone, pulling out another eagle totem, relishing in the slight flinch of fear in her violet eyes as I did. "And as the examiners have so graciously warned us, killing our opponents results in an immediate fail. And neither of us want that, now do we? So, what else was a Devil supposed to do except resort to the... deftest tool in his arsenal?"

"That's..." Her gaze flicked to the totem held between my fingers. "...your weakest technique?"

"I thought using a euphemism would be the polite thing to do," I chuckled. "But you've got the right of it. The practical exam's rules and restrictions make it mighty difficult for me to showcase my real abilities. Not to mention how they made us fight in this wide open but barely large enough space."

"S-Show me," she said in a tentative whisper, "I want to see."

"Beg your pardon?"

"Well, it would only be fair. You've seen everything." the naked, purple-haired woman muttered with a shy smile. Looking at me through the curtain of her rich purple hair as she shakily shifted her long legs, granting sight of what she normally hid between: Her soft labia and her even softer inner lips. Delicate, pink, and wet.

"And that means that I should show you mine?" I asked in an amused tone, really glad that I've gotten tired of looking at naked women with my [Byakugan] now. That would have been very distracting if I hadn't seen her bare womanhood a dozen times now. "And afterwards, you're just going to report what you saw to your King, aren't you?"

She clicked her tongue, looking away.

What was the one thing better than keeping your secrets from your enemies that they'll eventually uncover? Giving them the wrong idea of it. I think I have an idea how her King would react, but... there was only one way to be sure. I was a gambler after all.

"Sure, why not?" I smiled, extending my arm.

Two fingers straight out and together, like a finger gun that I aimed at her face. And with a single chant...

"Kamino"

One in the cylinder

... My fingertips caught fire. A bright orange flame dancing gently like a candle. And in the back of my mind appeared a trigger so sensitive and featherlight, that a single stray thought felt like it could set it off.


[Kamino] |Rare Ability|
Jujutsu Kaisen - By chanting "Kamino" you can manifest a fire arrow with immense power behind it, although the wind-up is slow, its sheer destructive power and heat more than make up for it.

...
​

Carefully, I swung my arm to the side, pointing my flaming fingers to the white stone floor. And, on that mental trigger, the lightest tap of my will...

A blinding flash of light exploded, closely followed by a deafening roar of a hundred tormented souls shouting in fury. The air turned parched as heat, like diving into a bubbling volcano, washed over me. And when everyone opened their eyes, an entire portion of the ring was obliterated, like some giant flaming hand had reached down and scooped up a pizza-slice out of this circular arena. And in its wake, there was nothing but a black scorched, wedge-shaped trench dug deep into the ground.

A single word, a reasonable amount of Demonic Power, and this was the amount of destruction it wrought. What the hell this ability was doing in just the 'Rare' category, I do not know.

But it's mine now.

Yubelluna's violet eyes stared at the scorched trench in surprise, then burst into maniacal laughter. "That's it?! That's your 'powerful' technique?! A fire spell?! Hahahaha!"

Under the shadow of my hat, I raised a brow.

"You utter fool! My King is Riser Phenex." The purple-haired woman sneered. "You should know that no amount of fire magic will equal that of the Phoenix's! He'll inhale your weak flames and spit it back out of you tenfold like all the others!"

Now, I didn't watch much anime. But I happen to recall that this specific ability was able to hit a very powerful cursed spirit that was born of and embodied all of humanity's collective fear of fire and volcanoes... and subsequently burnt it to death. This same ability that had a reputation for overpowering and devouring even fire-based entities, and now the local phoenix-man—bless his heart—was going to have it in his proud little head that, by opening wide and swallowing my ability, he could defeat it head-on.

"I'm sure he will." I smiled, and patted her cheek.

But with the last dregs of her strength, her smaller hand reached up to push mine away. "I belong to my King, Riser Phenex. No one but him is supposed to touch me, and the insults you've committed against him today will never be forgotten."

Well, in for a penny, in for a pound.

"Then I'd better make sure it's something worth remembering..." I said before capturing her purple-painted lips in an aggressive kiss, tasting her sweet and spicy tongue that let itself get bullied. And finally, I reached up to actually take one of those F-cups in hand that had been swaying and taunting me the entire match. Pale creamy skin smoother than vanilla, and so soft that my fingers felt like it'd sink into her feminine pillows. A stiff pink nipple dragged across my palm as I pawed and squeezed... before trailing down her flat belly, reaching her trimmed purple curls...

We broke the kiss. Her violet eyes locked onto mine.

"You wouldn't dare— Nnnn! " She squealed in surprise, as my fingers, still warm from the [Kamino], slipped between delicate pink pussy lips and into that feminine entrance that she's been teasing all day long. Her silky inner walls practically were soaked, and resisted the only way it could, by clenching tight around the invading fingers. Then she squealed even harder when I curled my fingers in her. Stroking a specific set of silky, fleshy folds that seemed to make her clench hard and let out a high pitched whine of a woman desperately stifling her moans. "N-Nnnn~!"

I tucked a rich violet lock of hair behind her ear as I whispered. "Oh, I dare. And now..." I curled my fingers in her quim again to make her tense in pleasure, "...your King will definitely never forget this."


Feat Achieved! — Rage-baiter of High-Class Devils
Make a sworn enemy out of a High-Class Devil from the 72 Pillars
+1 Silver Gacha Ticket

...
​

A feat achievement? For something like this?

I was expecting a Silver Ticket for passing the Middle-Class Promotion Exam, so this was a very happy accident! The 'sworn enemy' part didn't trouble me none either. So, I laid hands on his girl's admittedly shapely ass, maybe fingered her a little. Riser Phenex can cry me a whole river. Hell, if I knew that hurting his feelings would net me a Silver Ticket, I'd have started doing this brand of despicable, proper Devil-like behaviour sooner! But first, I figured, I'd best go collect the other Silver Ticket for winning the match.

"Well," I said to the purple-haired woman whose pussy was still clenching around my fingers, "As much as I'd love to 'finish you off.' I think I'd better go tell the examiners to bring out their finest stretcher."

But as I went to pull away, her naked thighs squeezed down on my wrist, trapping my fingers in her pussy and my hand between her legs. Slender arms wrapped tight around me, and fists locking together against my spine. Her hot breath brushed my ear, triumphant like she had won the match.

"Got you." Yubelluna whispered.

A magic circle ignited under us like the heart of a violet sun. The air thickened, humming with pressure as I felt the spell power up.

"Fine," I sighed with a good-natured smile. "You get one free hit in."

Then everything went bright.


[Falbium Command Center]

"How uncouth."

Serafall heard Grayfia murmur it from just behind her shoulder. For once, she didn't disagree with the maid. "I keep forgetting how common this is in lower classes," She said, eyes still on the ultrawide display, "But he's definitely got everyone's attention now. I give it three days before this is all over Devitube."

Across the coffee table from her, Sirzechs-chan reclined deeper into the black leather of his massage chair. "Riser is going to hate him so much for this," He spoke around a mouthful of BBQ popcorn, then swallowed with a pleased grin. "I like him already! And I thought you'd like him more too, Serafall, weren't you the one who was always picking fights with everyone when we were his age?"

"Yes, the Girl-Gorilla of House Sitri was indeed infamous." The maid confirmed.

"Muuu, you swore never to mention that title ever again!" She pouted.

"Of course, never in public, Leviathan-sama."

"We need a higher frame rate for the recording equipment." Ajuka rubbed his forehead just under his green hair as he eyed the ultrawide TV with disappointment. "It skipped over some very important frames."

"True." Sirzechs muttered, shovelling another handful of popcorn into his mouth. "This would have been far more enjoyable to watch in person. Unfortunately, the testing center lacks Falbium's… creature comforts, unlike his command center. He really should fix that."

"Good luck motivating Falbium to work on anything." Ajuka muttered, and Sirzechs barked out a laugh.

"Hah! You have no idea how hard Falbium will work if it means he gets to laze around more afterward." His blue eyes lingered on the TV that showed the massive smoke cover that obscured most of the ring. "How hurt do you think the Nebiros kid is, Ajuka?"

"Considering the approximate energy of the explosion and the pattern of the smoke, he was moving after the initial blast. Beyond that, it is all speculation."

Serafall sipped her drink slow, eyes narrowing with new interest.

Point blank, no barrier circle spun in advance, and with that much Demonic Power coursing through that magic circle, most Middle-Class Devils wouldn't even have left a shadow. She'd even heard of High-level candidates grievously injured for less.

"Sounds good to me, Ajuka!" Sirzechs smiled as he switched back to the white-walled control room again. Most of the Glasya-Labolas examiners were by the window now, staring down to the smoking arena below. It took them a few seconds before one of them noticed the feed and tapped the head examiner on the shoulder. The balding devil snapped around so hard his spine cracked audibly.

"Y–yes, My Satans?" the examiner said immediately, sweat glistening along his receding hairline.

"I've seen enough," Sirzechs said, lazily snacking on his popcorn. "Number Six has demonstrated exemplary capability in all respects. You will approve his Middle-Class Devil Promotion in full and process the paperwork immediately. Oh, and have the medical team tend to them now."

"Understood. Immediately." the balding devil bowed deeply then called to the other examiners in the background. "You two! Call the match and send the medical team out at once. The Satans have— What do you mean there's movement?!"

"Ahahaha!" Sirzechs laughed as he sank back into his leather chair. The TV switched back to live feed of the ring just as a silhouette started to stir from it. "This Nebiros kid is definitely going to be interesting."

Serafall nodded.

"Very interesting☆"


[Testing Hall 01]

My black-suited form stepped out of the smoke. Ash drifted down in lazy spirals, falling down into the crater behind me was caved in and glowing at the edges, stone still cracking as it cooled.

"Huh, didn't sting as much as I thought it would." I grunted, rotating my shoulder.

Yubelluna hung limp over my other shoulder, unconscious like a sackful of potatoes (made of sex). Her bare thighmeat pressing up against my cheek. Her last spell had gone off point-blank like a stick of devil-dynamite right against my chest, but the Barrier enchantment that I'd woven into my outfit had done its job. What should've turned me into a smear had been cut down to the magical equivalent of getting kicked by devil-donkey. Still hurt like hell, but it was something I can just walk off.

The examiners stared from outside the ruined fighting ring. One of them blinked, then looked from the crater, to the unconscious girl, and back to me. I tipped my hat, smoke still curling around my boots. And after that display of good health, he cleared his throat, and before the words came out of his mouth, I already knew what he was gonna say.


Feat Achieved! — Top of the (Middle) Class
Ace the Middle-Class Devil Promotion Exam on the first attempt
+1 Gold Gacha Ticket

...
​

I did?! I broke into a laugh.

I didn't expect a high score for getting to third base with my opponent in front of everyone. But I'll take what I can get! And the announcement that rang across the hall right after, only made it taste all the sweeter.

"Winner, Number Six!"

- The Drifter Stepping into Town End -​

AN:

These rolls, man... They're never what I want them to be. I was hoping to make Mal a tamer-type or a ranged-caster-type. But instead, it's pushing him to be a tinker type. The Nebiros angle was supposed to be just parody rather than a serious backstory (i.e. "Haha, they think that he's from some big scary Devil clan, but actually he's just some country hick from bumfuck nowhere.") This gacha must be sentient. But fine, let's see if I can't fit a round peg into a square hole.


FEATS:

FBI: Female Body Inspector
See a hundred beautiful (subjective) girls naked in person.
+1 Silver Gacha Ticket

Rage-baiter of High-Class Devils
Make a sworn enemy out of a High-Class Devil from the 72 Pillars
+1 Silver Gacha Ticket

Top of the (Middle) Class
Ace the Middle-Class Devil Promotion Exam on the first attempt
+1 Gold Gacha Ticket

ROLLS:

[Byakugan] |Elite Ability| (Silver Ticket)
Naruto - Grants you exceptional visual prowess that can even penetrate through solid matter and allow you to read energy signatures.

[Kamino] |Rare Ability| (Silver Ticket)
Jujutsu Kaisen - By chanting "Kamino" you can manifest a fire arrow with immense power behind it, although the wind-up is slow, its sheer destructive power and heat more than make up for it.

[Widen] |Rare Ability| (Silver Ticket)
Allows you to extend the area of effect of an ability without decreasing its power, like doubling or tripling the area of effect but making the ability consume more energy.

By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, kffs, Selitry and 2,304 others
Infonticus
Jan 23, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch 2 - A Deal with Satan
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Jan 27, 2026
Add bookmark
#188
Chapter 2: A Deal with Satan


[Glasya-Labolas Territory - Underworld]

My silver coin rang as it flipped through the restaurant air, morning light flashing across its polished faces.

I snatched it out of the spin, then hesitated. For a moment I just sat there by the window, fist clenched around the cool silver of the coin, my arm half-extended so that my knuckles broke the skyline of House Glasya-Labolas' capital city. Towers of glass and steel rose into the morning sky beyond me. Somewhere down there, in the Promotion Testing Center, my name was being written into the ledgers with a fresh new title beside it.

Middle-Class Devil.

It was a done deal. The examiners at the testing center told me my grade before the exams even finished; and now, there's nothing left to do but wait for my certificate to arrive.

And what else was a better way to burn some time than to gamble at the Chaos Gacha?

I had in my possession two Gacha Tickets: one Silver and one Gold. Sources of power just waiting to be cashed in. They might payout into nothing more than flashy parlor tricks, or... they might crack open something rare or even elite. Game-changing and world-bending stuff. Either way, if I cash these in now, I sure as hell wasn't gonna be resting none. I'd stay up all day and all night working on it just like how I did when I got my first abilities and skills. I was impatient that way, hands just itched to get working. But my ribs, still hurting from fingering that girl from just a few hours ago, wanted me back in my hotel room bed and recovering.

This coin here was about to be the tie breaker.

"Heads, I do this now," I said to my lonely little corner in the hotel restaurant. "Tails, I wait till my certificate arrives."

The promise settled, I turned my fist and opened... And the smiling image of Serafall Leviathan on polished silver stared up from my palm.

"Heads, huh?" I slapped the coin back onto the white tablecloth. My thought hovered over the Silver Ticket that sat in my mind, in my soul. The heads had spoken, consequences be damned. And so, with a light pressure of willpower, I burned the Silver Gacha Ticket.

[Venomous] |Uncommon Trait|
You are venomous, and your bite contains paralyzing venom. The power of the paralysis scales with your physical abilities.

...
​
I froze at the description now branded into my memories, then snorted softly.

This was a bad roll if I'd ever seen one.

Getting close enough to bite someone was just a desperation tactic, I'd be literally sticking my neck and face out for someone to take a swipe at. Still... The venom was gonna have a strong kick to it, what with me being a Devil and all, and it was only gonna get stronger with me. So, the venom itself wasn't the problem; the delivery was. Paralytics don't care much how brave or fast its target was after all, only that it made contact. It would do the rest of the work from there. I could extract some venom, put it in some glass vials, thicken it to make it easier to put on blades. That could be useful: a knife's edge that could stop a devil-bear at a cut, or a blow dart could make a sword-arm lock up at a key moment. Maybe make some airborne aerosol spray too, if I'm feeling reckless.

Either way, with a bit of elbow grease, [Venomous] won't be completely useless. Only slightly useless.

A single Silver ticket just wasn't worth throwing sand in Riser Phenex's eye if I'm being honest. This bad roll made me all the more skittish about the Gold Ticket.

Truth was, I was still weak everywhere that wasn't held together by [Intermediate Item Construction].

I didn't like how much I leaned on it. Strip the gear away and I was just another Low-class Devil with zero real martial training and middling Demonic Power. I could dish out pain because I'd carved hard-hitting spells into totems ahead of time. I could take a hit because I'd woven a Barrier spell into every piece of cotton on me. Without them, a clean hit would fold me like cheap poker winnings.

Even the powers that stayed with me when I burnt through all my totems were all about preparing slow.

Chaos Gacha could only sustain one 'Ability' at a time. To increase the cap, I'd need a total of five Abilities under my belt to run two at once, then ten abilities to power for three at once, and so on. [Byakugan] was non-negotiable. If I wanted to get any real use out of it, I couldn't afford to keep it off for long in a fight. [Kamino] was another beast altogether. It took time to wind up, and while it did, I had to keep [Byakugan] switched off. A powerful spell or situational awareness; I couldn't have both. I had to commit to one. And that meant forward thinking and situational awareness.

"I need something that'll make me actually tougher or faster." I sat back in my dining chair. Who knows? Maybe saying it outloud might make it real. So, keeping that thought in my head, I burned the Gold Ticket and...

[Bronze Creation] |Rare Ability|
Allows you to create and shape Bronze, the superior metal and alloy, forming weapons, armor, or even constructs out of it, you can also reinforce this bronze with your own energy.

...
​
Blankly, I stared at the table.

For a long second, nothing happened. Then, on the white hotel tablecloth, a speck of copper winked into existence. Just a shiny lump of red-brown metal barely the size of a corn kernel sitting there, innocent as a lie. It shuddered, as more of my will and Demonic Power leaned into it, cooking it like popcorn until... it reached its limit. Red-gold metal slid outward in smooth sheets like origami folding and refolding itself, catching the morning light as it slid out and out until a smooth mug of polished amber-brown metal sat where just a speck had been.

My hand reached out to hold it, the metal warm to the touch, and a chortle jumped out of my mouth before I could stop it.

I'd asked Lady Chaos Gacha for something specific, and she'd given me the opposite. Somehow making my [Intermediate Item Construction] problem even worse while making it the most powerful tool in my arsenal by a long mile.

"Waitress?" I caught the attention of one, and waved my bronze cup at her, "Can I have some water?"

"Right away, sir."

I could feel the way the powers fit together, locking in, stacking up, becoming something meaner and smarter than the sum of their parts.

[Bronze Creation] supercharged by [Intermediate Item Construction], covering each other's shortcomings. It didn't matter anymore if my gear broke mid-fight. I'd just pull bronze out of thin air the moment I reached for it, slap some enchantment on it, stir in Demonic Power and break it over my enemies' heads all over again. Didn't matter none if they broke either when I could make them faster than they can be broken.

Red-gold blades of fire, ice and lightning that could put up a decent fight against any holy or cursed sword. A lustrous bronze shield unfolding from my forearm in overlapping plates, Demonic Power reinforcing the metal, blooming outward just in time to break apart strikes and spells. Thick bronze armor plates sliding under my clothes and locking together without me ever lifting a finger. Then there were the constructs. Stony-faced statues of tough bronze wielding spears and shields ablaze as they planted their feet and held the line against anything less than a High-Class Devil. No fear and no hesitation as they brought strength and sheer, immovable mass that only beings of solid metal could... and striking back with every scrap of Devilkind magic I could cram into them.

Yeah, heads had definitely been the right call.

There was no shame in working with what you had. My skin and bones weren't any tougher after burning this Golden Ticket, but I had something that was tougher: Bronze infused with Demonic Power. And for now, that was enough. With a little more luck, the next rolls would give me what I needed to finish the job.

Water poured into my bronze cup at my elbow, and I didn't look away from the city view as I muttered.

"Thank you kindly, miss."

"You're welcome~☆! Do you mind if I sit?"

And there, faintly reflected in the glass pane window, I saw Satan herself behind me, waiting for an answer.

Feat Achieved! — Meet the Magical Girl
Gain a personal audience with Serafall Leviathan, one of the Four Satans of the Underworld
+1 Gold Gacha Ticket

...

​

(A few minutes earlier) [Falbium's Command Center]

Serafall Leviathan stood, casually twirling her star-tipped wand behind her pink magical girl costume's skirt, as she watched unblinking in front of the ultrawide display. A replay of the fight flashing across the screen from the dozens of spells being launched.

"Try not to bite your tongue. 'Cause this is gonna sting."
​
"Huh, for someone that tough and that fast, he's a lot less experienced than I thought he'd be." She muttered, already spotting the deficiencies. He dodged awkwardly, put himself in unbalanced positions, and couldn't lead his spells at all despite his opponent's flight pattern being incredibly predictable.

And that was all coming from someone who wasn't much of a hand-to-hand fighter herself.

Of her fellow Satans, Sirzechs was the one with the most experience in that style of combat, but she knew enough: picked up a few moves over the centuries, took inspiration from a few magical girl shows and even trained a bit. She had to, because while her own 'instant win' spell is Satan-Class like Sirzech-chan's Ruin the Extinct or Aju-kun's Kankara Formula, her Celsius Cross Trigger was too... diffused and unfocused. Being able to cover a small human country in ice wasn't as impressive when it was against one very strong opponent who she needed to kill in particular. And an opponent who could withstand or outright counter the waves of ice definitely wasn't going to be defeated by having their surroundings a few dozen degrees colder.

Grayfia could swear to that.

Serafall glanced over her shoulder with her blue eyes; and across the Falbium's game room, Grayfia's red readily met hers.

It's been more than five hundred years since the War, but that final battle with the silver-haired maid was still stuck in her mind. The two of them, clashing over the ruins of Lucifaad, finally running low on Demonic Power after ten whole days of nonstop spellcasting and moving onto more physical combat to where the maid held the advantage. House Lucifuge always trained their young in Hand-to-hand combat, their heirs and heiresses most of all. And to this day, Serafall was sure that if the Devil Civil War had gone just a little longer... She would have definitely lost.

All because she hadn't, at the time, learned how to fight with her fists.

"Round two."
​
Serafall turned her attention back to the display, and frowned.

That's why she hated what she saw now, because it reminded her of herself: So inexperienced. Inexperienced like a few scions of the 72 Pillars, like a reincarnated devil even. And it looks like even youth from the Lucifer Six weren't exempt. Every day, her Sona-chan's dream of starting a Rating Game Academy gained more and more merit...

"Sirzechs, Serafall, you need to see this." Ajuka called out to them. Sounded like he was done doing his own analysis on the Nebiros kid.

She twirled around with a wide smile.

"Coming☆!"

Sirzechs-chan and the maid already stood around the air hockey table (aka Ajuka's work table). Their illustrious crimson-haired leader had apparently advanced from popcorn to a pint of ice cream, scooping out a spoonful of rocky road as he asked. "So, what did you want us to look at, Ajuka?"

"This." Ajuka placed a single blackened, half-destroyed hawk totem sitting on the glossy blue surface. Just beside the halfway-line. "This thing should not be possible."

Her blue eyes met Sirzechs' different shade of blue with a confused glance. "You mean... storing spells, Aju-kun?" She tried. "I mean, it's really expensive and time-consuming, but it's been done before."

"It has," their green-haired friend confirmed with a nod, still staring at the burnt totem. "But not with this material and not with this level of efficiency. Current methods for storing offensive spells in wood involve inserting them inside ancient and unholy heartwoods that rank among the highest percentiles in the magical permeability index. These are not made from those woods; in fact, they're made from fallen branches in the park outside the testing center. If I attempted this myself, this wooden carving would have disintegrated long before even a quarter the spell's energy was safely inputted. And even if we were to assume the storing attempt succeeded for a vessel this small, current methods can only output 26% of the stored spell's original power in ideal lab conditions."

"Ehe☆? Magical Girl Levi-tan is smart, she swears!"

Ajuka sighed and simplified. "It's like he made a working racecar, from engine to battery to fuel, entirely out of whole wheat bread. And it also runs faster than anything we have at the moment."

"So, you're saying that he's some kind of magical genius for making something like this?" Sirzechs-chan arched a red eyebrow at Ajuka, "Like you are?"

"No." The Four Satan's dedicated researcher said, just a bit too fast. And both her and Sirzechs-chan chuckled softly; it wasn't everyday that Ajuka Beelzebub felt insulted. But with only a slight exhale, he continued. "What I'm saying is that the Nebiros Youth has knowledge of Artificing methods that are both completely unknown to us and can achieve practical results that are beyond our ability to replicate. Whether that knowledge stems from his own brilliance or his House's research remains to be seen."

"Hmmm..." Serafall cast the burnt totem a brief glance, and twirled her star wand once. "How big of a deal is this exactly, Aju-kun?"

"If House Nebiros was welcomed back into the fold in full, and if they shared even part of their findings, it would propel Devilkind's understanding of Artificing by a few years at least."

"Which is still a fraction of the decades that the Grigori has on us." She sighed.

Ajuka crossed his arms. "To reiterate: a few years at least. It is entirely possible that we could close the thaumaturgical gap, or even overtake them. But that would be an optimistic outcome. Or in other words, the unrealistic one."

"That's still kind of important, Aju-kun..."

"And patently unrealistic."

"House Nebiros is at it again." Sirzechs shook his head with a smile. "Coming out of nowhere with stuff no one asked them for, but better than anything Devilkind currently has on hand. At least this invention can be used during peacetime. I'd love to know what the rest of his House has on their scrolls."

"I too would like to know."

"Well, fat chance☆!" Serafal smiled at them. "House Nebiros wasn't known for sharing their findings. Now that I think about it... it's entirely possible that we missed an attempt by House Nebiros to make formal diplomatic contact, though they don't usually talk to anyone... outside of the Lucifer Six, that is."

All eyes immediately went to the silver-haired maid quietly standing behind Sirzechs.

Grayfia just adjusted her posture, folding her pale hands over her lap. "I have not been involved in the affairs of House Lucifuge since the Civil War. But I find it highly unlikely that House Nebiros initiated any contact with House Lucifuge. Nor would I expect there to be, I doubt any of the Lucifer Six would trust my House. They have not forgotten my, or my House's, defection. Few have. I am of House Gremory now."

"Grayfia..." Serafall stared her down. The words left unsaid.

'I'm asking as Satan Leviathan.'

The former heiress of House Lucifuge, first among the Houses of Lucifer, did not flinch, though she did let out a soft exhale. "My brother has not been seen in decades, and my mother has reported no correspondence with any remnants of the estranged Houses of Lucifer. But if my Satans wish for my humble personal advice as a former member of House Lucifuge... " she said calmly, eyes moving to the TV where the Nebiros kid stood victorious above the Phenex Queen piece. "Capture him, take his trinkets. House Nebiros have always seen diplomacy as beneath them. If they wished to deal peacefully, they would not have sent some green child to catch our attention in this roundabout attempt at diplomacy. If anything, this must be some type of trap."

"Well..." Ajuka hummed in consideration, and just as Serafall was about to protest against it...

"Negotiations with House Nebiros are not optional."
​
... A new voice echoed across the command center.

"Falbi☆!" Serafall smiled at the ceiling speakers. "You were listening?"

"I have," he replied through the speakers. "And from what I'm hearing, the Nebiros boy has already gone from interesting into concerning."

Sirzech angled his head. "You have some suggestions, Falbium?"

"Just one." He said, sounding a little less sleepy, and she knew that he must really be serious right now. "The strategic value of the Sacred Gear has only become more and more obvious in the past century. If the next generation of warfare pivots towards Sacred Gears—and signs point to it being the case—then House Nebiros may be exactly who we need to tilt the board in our favour. Or at least, level things out. Because as much as Azazel has proven himself reliable, even trustworthy, it is still unwise for the Underworld to be entirely dependent on the Fallen Angel leader's thaumaturgical expertise to supply us with Sacred Gears, natural or artificial. Devilkind needs to exert effort into pursuing its own research into the Craft. So, even if this entire affair is possibly a trap, the bait and possible reward is too valuable to ignore."

"Well said, well said." Ajuka nodded along like he always did whenever the magic word 'research' was mentioned.

"Negotiate with the Nebiros contact, get as much as you can." Falbium commanded. "That is my official recommendation as Satanic Head of Military Affairs."

"Wait... Falbi, are you still in bed?"

"Yes, and?"

"Can you at least come over so we can discuss—"

"No, that speech was my entire social battery for the week. Goodnight, everyone." He yawned over the speakers. And with one last click, he was gone. Likely back to sleep.

No one said anything after as they all thought about what their laziest Satan had said. Nothing but scattered glances at the ultrawide display on the far wall, its surface locked on a single moment: the Nebiros youth standing amid the white stone ring, one of the younger generation's best Queen pieces lying defeated before him. All made possible by the products of advanced artificing craft that were far beyond their ability to replicate at the moment.

Sirzechs was the one to break the quiet.

"Falbium has a point," he said slowly. "But it has a big assumption that the Nebiros kid would want to tilt the board for us."

"After hearing Falbi's and Aju-kun's analysis, I think the pieces fit. I mean look at him." Serafall replied. Her star wand twirling behind her back as she stepped closer to the TV, studying the frozen image. "No declarations or even a letter of notice. He just slips into the home city of one of the Satans, signs up for an exam he doesn't need, then flaunts his 'totems' that forces us to take him seriously. It can't be anything else except a third party signalling for us to come talk to him."

"So, we don't summon him?" Sirzechs asked, eyes still on at the display.

Serafall turned on her heel and smiled. "I think our best bet would be to respect his decision, arrange a meeting in a semi-official capacity, and work from there."

"This is sounding uncomfortably familiar..." he murmured.

"Come on, Sirzechs-chan☆~" Serafall winked. "I'm confident that it won't end up like it did back in 1689!"

"I hope nothing ends up like 1689 again." Their crimson-haired leader shuddered at the mention of that year, his armoured pauldrons clicking from the shiver. "That fumble with the clans and the Youkai is still making things awkward, especially around Kuoh."

"You're worrying too much," Serafall laughed. "This time it's with a fellow devil! We just need to find out where he' is—"

"He has a room in The Griffin Grand, a local five-star hotel." Ajuka was ready with the answer. "He listed it as his temporary domicile while he waits for his card to be mailed to him. This card to be specific."

She watched him draw a card from under a stack of papers. A thin rectangular slice of a crystal... with a very familiar face and a clawed sigil etched in pure gold that marked him as a proper Middle-Class Devil. Serafall beamed. "This is perfect!" She snatched the card from the table. "He can't refuse to talk with us now. And how much better would it be if it was hand delivered right by the prettiest magical girl in all of the Underworld?"

Ajuka eyed the card she was now holding. "Are you certain that you can acquire his cooperation?"

"Even better than certain, I'm optimistic about it." She teased, and her green-haired friend just looked away in disgust at the word.

She and Sirzechs-chan laughed.

"Just trust in Magical Girl Levi-tan's charms!" She said with another twirl of her staff, the teleportation circle already forming under her ribboned shoes. "He won't ever see me coming!"


(Present) [The Griffin Grand Hotel]

"You're welcome~☆! Do you mind if I sit?"

Her faint reflection showed in the glass pane window that I was looking out of. Pink, cheery and very unmistakable. I was on my feet before her words finished landing, chair legs sliding across the carpet. My black hat came off without thought, held low in my hand.

"It's all yours." I gestured to the chair, my voice steadier than my pulse. "Please."

"Thanks!" She chirps with a bright smile. And she sits as if it's the most natural thing in the world. From her pink beret with its little white wings, hair a silky raven black streamed down in loose twintails, tied by pink ribbons and flowing past her cheerful, white capelet. A fluttery miniskirt and belly-revealing croptop, both a soft shade of pink, wrapped around her diminutive frame like cheery decorations for her inhumanly flawless pale skin.

I sat down only after she did.

Just a devil in black and a magical girl quietly sitting across each other, seemingly at the top of the world. A sprawling urban landscape of the Underworld, with all its skyscrapers and all its great stadiums, stretching beyond the floor-to-ceiling windows beside us.

No need for introductions, of course. She clearly knew who I was, and there was no way in all the hells that I wouldn't recognise her. Not even a few steps into my little runaway adventure and I'm sitting down with one of the most powerful beings in all the Heavens, Underworld and Earth. One of the Four Greatest Devils in existence, before whom all the strength of Mankind's nations amounted to nothing but reckless folly. To her, millions of Devils across the world lifted their voices in praise, swore their allegiance and dedicated their kills.

The Satan Leviathan.

Serafall.

"I'm glad☆" She laughed softly, the sound light and her smile bright, "Honestly, I keep telling the Promotion Center to send me notices only when an amazing match breaks out, but we don't always agree on what qualifies as 'amazing.' This time however? I really am glad they sent the notice! Yubelluna, the Bomb Queen, is pretty famous, you know? Explosive spells rely on good timing if you want them to detonate with a decent explosive yield, and to do that reliably... Well, fine control over Demonic Power like that is a very rare talent. That's why everyone has high expectations for her future. Still do. In fact, she's one of the most popular Queen pieces of this generation..."

Her blue eyes settled on me, and she winked.

"... Which is why it was such a fun little surprise to see someone of that potential dismantled without even breaking a sweat. You did great out there☆!"

"Thank you for the compliment." I gave a small shrug. Nothing I'd done was worth lingering on, not to me. The match had required mostly preparation; after that, it was all about steadily focusing down Yubelluna.

But her smile didn't fade. If anything, it widened, as though she heard what I didn't say as clearly as what I did. Instead, she reached into the space beside her and from thin air, produced a thin, rectangular sheet of crystal, edges faintly glowing and a golden clawed sigil etched in gold. She slid it across the tablecloth to me with two fingers.

My name shone in gold lettering: Malal Nebiros, Middle-Class Devil.

"It's well earned." she said simply, as if it wasn't very strange, what she did. It was like if a human president flew into town to personally hand someone their high school diploma. How else could it come across except suspicious? But I wasn't at the point where I could demand answers from a Satan. Not yet.

"Thank you kindly." was all I could say with a polite smile.

"You're welcome~" the magical girl Satan chirped, resting her chin lightly in her hand. "So... You're really set on joining a peerage? Hoping to find great achievements there?"

"Sure am." I answered without a trace of hesitation, playing along. It didn't surprise me that she knew my immediate goals. I'd written them plainly enough in my essay. But what did catch me off guard was how it sounded like she had read it directly, rather than a spy's report about me, and that gave me hope. Hope that this could be a recruitment interview, and I wasn't one to squander an opportunity that could very well send me straight to the top. So, instead, I just smiled. "For an enterprising devil such as myself, great achievements are everywhere. Just need to look hard enough."

"Are they?"

I gestured faintly between us. "I'm sitting here with you after that fight, aren't I? Just making your acquaintance counts as a great feat in my book."

"Hehehe☆! I suppose it does." Her laughter sparkled. "You definitely caught my attention with that match. That nonstop barrage of magic you fired off from those little wooden carvings of yours was pretty dazzling!"

"Like this one?"

I slipped a hand into my suit jacket, fingers closing around one of the carved pieces and drew it out. There was no tension in the motion, no instinctive fear in drawing a weapon on someone like her. She was Satan Leviathan. Even if I unleashed every totem I carried, I wouldn't so much as scorch a single strand of her raven-black hair, and we both knew it.

"Pardon the craftsmanship," I set the wooden bear totem down onto the white table cloth. "I'm still working on my whittling skill."

"You're selling yourself short," she giggled. "It's definitely cute as it☆! And you'd have to be very talented to pick it up quickly enough to challenge an experienced Queen piece like Yubelluna."

I laughed under my breath and scratched the back of my neck, more embarrassed than flattered. "I don't know about 'talented.' I just kept at it until I figured it out. Both the whittling and the magic, that is."

"So, this…" she said slowly as blue eyes, suddenly sharp like icicles, placed their gaze back to the totem, "... this is all your invention? No one guided you?"

"I… no? These totems are my own work." I scratched at my jaw. Her surprise didn't escape me. A Satan taking interest in a bit of whittled-down and enchanted wood felt strange, and I couldn't for the life of me see what had set it off. That nobody showed me how? That I figured it out myself? Didn't seem like much to fuss over. But then again, I wasn't about to press a Satan for answers. So I just kept on talking. "But now you can see why I left home: I had the ability, but there just weren't any great deeds waiting on me out there, stuck in the middle of nowhere. So I came here: to make something of myself."

You sounded a lot like Roygun just now." She giggled.

"Well, I can think of worse people to be compared to than the Rank #2 in the Rating Game" I smiled back. "Though I like to think I left on better terms than Roygun did with her family from what I've heard. Least, mine still watch Rating Games."

The magical girl tilted her head. "Do they watch a lot of Rating games?"

"Sure do." I nodded, not giving it a second thought. "Whole town watches matches. Been that way as long as I can remember."

Something unreadable passed through her eyes, but the tension in the air eased as she smiled again.

"I see. So that is why you want to join a peerage: All the spell tomes and grimoires you could ask for, all the worthy opponents you could overcome.... And even a way for you to make a name for yourself and allow your hometown who regularly watches Rating Games to see you there, climbing the ladder up the ranks. Everything you listed can be achieved through that single decision," the Satan in pink nodded once, as though confirming a conclusion she had already reached. She beamed. "You have clearly thought this through☆"

I smiled along with the magical girl. The more time we spent pretending that a Satan would single out a specific Devil taking his Middle-Class Promotion Exam for a one-on-one talk, the more certain I became that this was a recruitment interview of some kind. In fact, I was almost a hundred percent sure now that she was evaluating me.

But what was she searching for? Intent, ambition, allegiances?

I took a gamble.

"To be honest, the name-making part's optional." I said, choosing to highlight my intent and ambitions. "If fame or fortune happen to come my way, great. If they don't, that's fine too. What I care about is knowing that I put my hands to the task and saw it through. So, even if nobody remembers who did it, the ground's been tread and the deed's still done. And for a devil like me, that's enough."

"Hmm... is that so?"

"Yes."

"In that case..." Her smile did not fade, but it shifted, subtly recalibrating as she reassessed me. "... there's a peerage you might suit. They're new, but capable and flexible in doctrine. They'd benefit immensely from someone with your skillset, and from what you've told me, you'd benefit immensely too, since they have no shortage of fights on the horizon. Their leader, in particular, has something to prove. So, I'm sure you'll find a lot of opportunities to prove yourself in and out of combat. Of course, if that's what you really want~☆"

It was Rias.

It was absolutely Rias, which meant I was heading straight for the heart of the chaos. Toward the point where every thread of violence and calamity were set to converge. Fallen Angels whispering their plots in shadowy ruins of once-holy ground. Devil rebels honed their blades in lightless corners, preparing for betrayals not yet named. Ancient dragons stirring from their sleep. And above it all, entire pantheons of ambitious gods honed their blades and sharpened their spears, preparing to claim the final prize.

The trials would be endless, the wars unavoidable. And somewhere ahead, the universe itself would hang on the brink, ready to be damned in a dozen different ways by just as many enemies.

I smiled. "I'd appreciate it if you forwarded my file to them."

"Ehehe~ I like the fire in your eyes." The Satan giggled softly. "Since you asked so nicely, my recommendation should smooth a few introductions."

"Much obliged."

"You're welcome☆! And..." She stretched a pale, thin arm up and past her pink, winged hat. The motion also made her flat, exposed tummy and her navel peek above the white tablecloth, "...Since I'm still here, now's the time to tell me if you need anything else. Consider it helping a promising young talent."

Her blue eyes glimmered playfully.

"Unofficially, of course☆"

An open offer from a Satan herself. I considered the sheer value of what she offered, but also the danger of asking too much. Her Demonic Power rested in the air, the same feeling of foreboding you'd get when stuck between two mountain-sized icebergs that could slam together at any moment. A constant reminder of exactly who I was sitting in front of. Asking for too much risked annihilation, however... Call me a gambler, because I'm about to take a calculated risk with Satan herself.

"Since this is already an unofficial meeting…" I said at last, a slow smile tugging at my lips. "... Then, between the two of us, can we call this a date?"

"A… date?" Her blue eyes widened in surprise. Even her raven-black twintails stilled behind her shoulders, as if even they were shocked.

"Yeah." I shrugged, deliberately casual. "A date with you is a very notable personal achievement. It'd light a fire in any devil."

"Oh?" She studied me, really studied me now. The playful magical girl vanished for a heartbeat, replaced by something ancient and calculating that stared unblinkingly at me. "You really are a bold one asking for something like that. You do know I have a reputation to maintain, right? It'd be really troublesome if rumors started cropping up."

"If I told anyone," I replied evenly, meeting her gaze. "it would cheapen it. Because bragging about the date isn't the achievement, being on a date with you is. And honestly, that's the only part that matters, especially to me."

The dark-haired Satan girl met the gaze, and the seconds ticked by. Then finally... Her icy, serious expression broke with a bright smile and a laugh. "Hehehe! All right then!" she clapped her hands once. "This was a date then! But~"

The magical girl leaned forward. The plunging neckline of her pink croptop barely holding back her milky-soft bust from spilling out. And her smoldering blue eyes locked onto mine as she gave me a conspiratorial wink.

"If anyone asks, I'll totally deny it~☆"

Feat Achieved! — First Date with Serafall
Go on a date with Serafall Leviathan, one of the Four Satans of the Underworld
+1 Platinum Gacha Ticket

...
​
I smiled as well. A genuine one too. "Feels like the odds just tipped in my favor already!"

"Hehehehe! You're an interesting kid, Mal-kun☆" Her lyrical voice sparkled as she rose smoothly to her feet. Her slender hand reached out and took hold of her staff—a glossy pink crowned with a cheery golden star, and gave it a playful twirl. She looked back at me, blue eyes bright with amusement. "I'll go get things sorted out, so don't leave town just yet, okay? I'll be in touch!"

With that, she turned, capelet and miniskirt fluttering as she stepped forward and a pink magical circle lit up underneath her. And with a twirl and one last playful smile...

"Magical Girl Levi-tan! Away~☆!"

... She was gone, leaving behind only fading sparkles, faintly emanating cold air. And only with her absence did I notice that it had just been the two of us; the entire restaurant had been cleared out for our conversation. Just a fine, red-carpeted space with empty tables. For someone with the 360-degree x-ray vision of the [Byakugan], I had been incredibly blind. But it couldn't be helped, I unfortunately had only one Active Ability Slot, and I'd had [Bronze Creation] in the saddle when it was [Byakugan] that I needed active.

"Still... a gold and a platinum, huh?" I muttered to myself, already entering the elevator back to my hotel room floor. And as the mirror-polished doors of the elevator closed to give me privacy, I burnt both of them.


[Structural Analysis] |Rare Ability|
Fate - Allows you to run your energy through an object or a construct to construct a detailed blueprint of the object in your mind as well as being aware of its weaknesses and flaws.

...

[King of All Trades] |Epic Skill|
You have Adept-level expertise in all basic trades (Adept Blacksmithing, Medicine, Mechanics, Cooking, Interfacing) with competence comparable to an actual veteran of the trade and are greatly talented in those fields.

...
​

Big mistake.

My hand went to my forehead almost immediately. The blinding headache slamming into it even before the knowledge arrived. And boy, did it arrive.

I laughed once as the elevator started moving. Lady Chaos Gacha had a wicked sense of humor. I flirted with a literal Satan, gambling eternal torment upon my soul, just to get adept-level expertise in interior decorating, banjo-playing and javascript.

My fist snapped forward, the elevator button for my floor clacked inward, and...

[Structural Analysis] flared.

The elevator unfolded in my mind. A complete blueprint burned itself into my memories, slotting neatly alongside a brand-new, deeply unwelcome skill in elevator maintenance. It wasn't vague, guesswork knowledge either. No, this was the tired and utterly bored confidence of the elevator technician who had been maintaining and fixing this exact model for the past five years of his life and who knew every gear and wire in this rickety shitbox as intimately as every picture in his porn folder.

[King of All Trades] supplied the Mechanics skill which vaguely recognised the whole system as based on human designs. [Structural Analysis] refined that information, corrected assumptions and filled gaps in the knowledge. It was magitech; the motor had been adapted to run on Demonic Power. Magic circles were carved into metal plates that turned the gears. [Intermediate Item Construction] chimed in after with its esoteric knowledge of the higher planes, obligingly explaining how the magic circles etched on the metal manipulated the mystical forces to move this coffin-on-a-rope up and down floors.

Yes, I knew everything about this coffin-on-a-rope. And also... the reason why I should have taken the stairs from now.

I knew about the untold layers of grease that the elevator technician had to apply to the rails to keep the elevator car running smoothly over the years. And it was then I knew with absolute, unshakeable confidence that... only an absolute moron would trust this ancient, tired thing that's quietly pleading for death to not fall apart. I knew every cracked gear, every rust-pitted screw, every magic circle imperfectly etched into the metal and—

"Urgh..."

My stomach churned.

The bronze cup was barely in time as I vomited, knowledge still pouring into my overfilled skull long after my stomach was empty. And I could help but laugh, through the bile and the dizziness.

Because I had all I needed.

[Intermediate Item Construction], [Bronze Creation], [Structural Analysis], [King of All Trades].

Knowledge was power, and right now, it flowed endlessly into me endlessly. Gorging myself full with it. Until even my Devil physiology could barely keep up with my mind. Knowledge enough to rise above even the Satans, and even the Heavenly Dragons! Because in this universe where artifacts of power were almost everything, the one who can, dissect, comprehend and replicate them had god-like power. One of the greater ones too. Just give me time to accumulate the knowledge, and I'll conquer the entire universe with just these four.

But for now...

The brass elevator doors slid open to my floor, and I stumbled out on trembling legs, limping my way down the corridor to my room.

I need to lie down. Preferably somewhere far away from elevators.


[Falbium's Command Center]

"I'm back!"

Serafall skipped off the teleportation circle with a satisfied smile, the last traces of violet light dissolving beneath her shoes. Their red-purple ribbons standing out against the soft, brown carpet of Falbi's mancave-turned-command-center.

"And I got him to start cooperating!"

"Fantastic news!" Ajuka's face lit up. His favourite long green cape shifted as he looked up from his air hockey worktable, genuine joy breaking through his usually serious expression. "I'll be expecting him at the lab within the hour!"

"Sorry, Aju-kun, but that's not what I meant." Serafall lifted a hand and waved apologetically. "If we're trying to bring him and his entire House back into the fold, we can't make it sound transactional this early. They're an estranged House of Lucifer, after all. Not Grigori or a foreign mythology. But the silver lining is that he might be all we need!"

"You're implying that…"

"He said he developed his 'totems' himself," Serafall replied. "Right before he ran away from home."

Ajuka's shoulders sank. "So it's innate? A unique and, more importantly, irreplicable expression of his Demonic Power?"

"We're not sure. That part he didn't share." She shrugged, the pink fabric of her miniskirt catching the light. Then she smiled brighter, "But the good news is we'll have him around for a few years when he'll definitely open up!"

Ajuka nodded slowly. "Ah. So that's what you meant by him cooperating."

"Yep!" she chirped. "I promised him a spot in a peerage of our choice, and he accepted!"

"He accepted being inducted into someone else's peerage?" came Sirzech's voice as he strolled over from where he had been rummaging through the ice cream freezer. A bit of frost still sprinkled on his crimson hair and armoured pauldrons. "He didn't ask for Evil Pieces? Or a demand for High-Class Devil status? Not even the right to choose the peerage he's going to join?"

"Yep! Nope! Nope! And nope!" Serafall answered each. "But to be fair, I was banking on him demanding more. I didn't expect him to accept my low-ball offer! I kinda feel bad now…"

"It's a trap," the maid said calmly.

"Or a gesture of goodwill." Serafall met her eyes. "You remember how Roygun-chan was like, don't you? She said that she was willing to go through the same if we wanted. I get the impression that Mal-kun is just like her: Just a young Devil who's confident about being able to pass all our tests and examinations."

"Except she was not a scion of House Nebiros."

"Grayfia has a point," their crimson-haired leader caught her attention as he walked past, a serious look in his blue eyes. "Serafall, how sure are you of that impression of yours?"

"Very." She nodded with surety.

That gave all of them pause. Just Sirzechs-chan, Aju-kun and the maid exchanging quiet glances. Meanwhile, Serafall just beamed, because gauging someone's character from just a first impression was one of the things she was very good at. Almost as good as she is with ice spells. And she was really, really good with ice spells.

"So, he's being somewhat honest." Sirzechs concluded, sitting down on his vibrating throne of a massaging chair. "But what kind of person was he like?"

She hummed, finger to her chin as she recalled her sit-down with the yankee devil in black. "He's bold, but cooperative and surprisingly friendly. As for motivations... he was being honest about his Middle-Class Devil Exam report: He's close with his family, and he's very, very big on his personal achievement. But not as motivated by fame or money though. I guess he's like a more bookish version of Sairaorg-kun? As long as we don't sabotage him, he'll be happy studying magic, crafting his inventions and fighting Rating Games."

"Huh," Sirzechs-chan rubbed his chin. "An outgoing, friendly, and active researcher type... He sounds like he's not the type of person anyone would expect from House Nebiros. But somehow, also exactly the type."

"Unsurprising," Ajuka exhaled, his arms crossed over the green cape that covered his chest. "The more we see how this new generation is different, the more we see that they're just the same as us."

Sirzechs barked a laugh, slapped the black leather of his seat. "Hear, hear!"

"Yeah. Mal-kun is pretty friendly." Serafall laughed too, softer, shoulders lifting in a carefree shrug. "Honestly, he's almost respectful of our authority."

The Satan Lucifer's laugh died mid-breath. He turned toward her, one red and very interested eyebrow raised.

"Almost respectful?"

"Sorry☆~" She giggled, light and unapologetic. "I can't and won't tell you what I mean by that."

That date request had genuinely caught her off-guard.

In the five hundred years she had worn the mantle of Satan Leviathan, and specifically as the Satanic Head of Foreign Relations, there had been no shortage of audacity aimed in her direction: Proposals, advances, and outright coercions for sexual favours. Those, she beat their faces in or froze them solid before moving on with her day. But a private request for a date... She could almost count the times it had happened on one hand, and they were also disasters in their own ways. Either people who had either built her in their heads so much that they trembled and sweated just standing with her, or people who genuinely deluded themselves that she was destined for them simply because they wanted her badly enough.

But Mal-kun? He was almost... casual. It felt like he was less of a man looking for a real date, and more like a little boy asking a grownup woman for reassurance that he was gonna be handsome one day. Actually, considering their age gap—her centuries and his decade-and-a-half—it definitely was that.

It was really cute and adorable!

And who knows? He might even reach Ultimate-class Devil in a century or two because of her encouragement!

"By that expression on your face..." Sirzechs said with a sigh. "Just don't let your games snowball out of control and end up scaring him away, okay?"

"Okie☆~"

"Moving on: Does his House have any sympathies with the Old Satan Faction?"

"That's... on my 'to-find-out' list." She nodded. "But did you know that House Nebiros apparently watches the Rating Games? They have been for a long time, Mal-kun said. He also mentioned that he ran away because there weren't many personal achievements for him to pursue. Sounds like they weren't giving him much to do there."

"And what is that supposed to imply?" Ajuka asked with a doubtful arch of his brow. "That House Nebiros is living quietly in the countryside?"

Sirzechs shrugged, the black leather of his massage chair creaking under his pauldrons. "Or he's the youngest son who got tired of waiting to be included in the family business of black projects and skunkworks. That happens a lot too, you know."

"Hrm... Point conceded."

"My real point is that I'm positive we can groom Mal-kun fully to our side." She reminded them. "We put him in a peerage of someone we can trust, get him to open up—which shouldn't take more than a decade or two—and from there, we can find out how good our chances are with the rest of his House. And even if the Old Satan Faction are in the process of wooing them, we can at least exert our own influence to counter it. Possibly turn what would be hardline Old Satan supporters into a neutral party, like how they were back in the Civil War."

Everyone in the command center, from Sirzechs to Grayfia to even Ajuka's researchers shuffling papers on the air hockey table, winced at the thought of being on the receiving end of Nebiros creations.

"A very vivid and understandable goal," Ajuka muttered before meeting her eyes. "But Serafall, are you certain that we can't execute this in a faster or... less convoluted way?"

She tapped her cheery star wand to her chin as she thought about it more. "He's already looking for a peerage, and with his performance against someone of Yubelluna's fame, he realistically could have any choice in them. And... I don't think we can stonewall his attempts at joining a peerage without burning down the bridge to the rest of the Nebiros House. Besides, we've already given him far less than the minimum we should be giving to someone from the Lucifer Six. This is the best deal we can 'realistically' get."

Ajuka nodded his approval at the magic word. "That only leaves the question of whose peerage we can place him in."

"Oh, I think we all know where we can put him." Sirzechs smiled, and Serafall smiled with him.

"Right☆!"

"He'd be a good peerage member for my Rias-chan. / He'd be a good peerage member for my Sona-chan."

"Eh? / Eh☆?"

Blue eyes met blue eyes. And immediately, the battle lines were drawn. They may have grown up together. They may have fought side-by-side in the civil war that saved their world. But this was the one thing that they weren't going to back down on: Their cute little sisters. And for that sacred cause of theirs, demonic Power oozed through the air as the Satan Lucifer rose from his leather throne, and the Satan Leviathan was to greet him, the air already tingling cold in her presence.

Both sides brandished perfectly friendly and perfectly cordial smiles at each other.

"Sirzechs-chan☆" Serafall said in her sweetest voice. "Didn't you already let your sister have that Vladi dhampir with the really strong Sacred Gear?"

"Gasper-kun is unfortunately a work-in-progress." The crimson-haired Satan smiled politely, right before firing back. "And if we're on the topic of recent additions, didn't you use your connections with the Grigori to give your sister that Sacred Gear wielder? That Saji kid?"

"They volunteered that information to the closest Devil territory," she corrected, keeping her grip on her Cheery Star Wand tight as she circled him. "It just happened that Sona-chan runs Kuoh Academy during the day. And besides, she won't even have him in her peerage for at least a month or two. That's bad news for her, because she has that Rating Game with Seek-chan in a couple of weeks too. You remember that, Sirzechs-chan? You're lucky that Sona-chan was nice enough to agree to do it! So, a selfless and moe girl like her... she deserves a good piece as a reward!"

"Oh?" Sirzechs smiled smugly, running his armoured fingers through his crimson mane as he replied. "Is that your best argument, Serafall?"

"?!"

"You wouldn't happen to be talking about the friendly unofficial Rating Game between the allied Houses of Sitri and Agrares? Why waste a good piece on a purely performative Rating Game!? Any day now, Rias-chan is going to discover the hidden clause in the marriage agreement and challenge Riser to a Rating Game that will decide the rest of her life! But more than that, giving her a piece who's already won against Riser's Queen would make her go 'Ah~ Sirzechs-onii-sama, you're the best~!'"

But Serafall was not moved by the Satan Lucifer's convincing falsetto of his little sister moaning his name. After all, she did a much better job mimicking her little sister moaning her name than he ever could!

"That doesn't change anything!" she declared, pointing her star wand at him. "Sona-chan deserves the piece, because she is moe!"

"And Rias-chan deserves it for being cute!"

"Sona-chan!"

"Rias-chan!"

"Enough!" Grayfia stepped between them, and Ajuka followed suit beside her. Magic circles glowed in their hands, fully formed and levelled at the two of them, primed to fire the one type of magic that was mortally effective against both the Satan Lucifer and the Satan Leviathan...

"Don't make us call Lady Gremory and Lady Sitri again!"

... The Calling their Mothers spell.

"Tch. / Tch☆"

Demonic Power settled between them like ash, the last echoes of their almost clash sinking into the cozy brown carpet. "So…" Serafall's blue eyes slid back to him. "We settle this the usual way, then?"

"The usual way." Sirzechs nodded back, a thin smile tugging at his mouth. "I believe it's your turn to send the word?"

"It is. So, I guess it's neither peerage for now," she exhaled with a smile. "I better get everything ready. But we should convene here again! Doing the whole 'monitoring the situation as it unfolds' here has been a whole lot more fun than doing it from Aju-kun's command center!"

"Hrm." their researcher Satan just snubbed the comment.

"It definitely has!" Sirzechs-chan laughed as well. "I've been inspired by Falbium's genius. I think I want my command center designed like this too!"

"No, Sirzechs-sama," The no-fun maid immediately vetoed the idea. "It would be disastrous to your work efficiency."

Serafall just giggled at how the Crimson Satan pouted. "I'll go send word. Give everyone involved a warning in advance, but just a little though~" she said. And with a miniscule flex of her willpower, a pink magical circle flare up beneath her shoes. "Looks like Mal-kun will have a big surprise waiting for him. And also a smaller one for both Rias-chan and Sona-chan too."

"Good," Sirzechs-chan chuckled. "The new generation deserves a little excitement in their lives too."

"One last point of concern." Ajuka spoke up. "How closely should we have the Nebiros Boy monitored?"

Serafall just winked.

"Heh☆! I'm more concerned about other people approaching him. After all..." she twirled on the teleportation circle, letting the last thing they see be Magical Girl Levi-tan's smug smile. "... Mal-kun likes me too much to leave town before my letter reaches him☆~"


(Three days later) [The Griffin Grand Hotel]

A devil like me was left with my idle hands.

For three whole days, I was left alone with nothing to do but explore what [Intermediate Item Construction], [Bronze Creation], [Structural Analysis], [King of All Trades] had granted me: The world.

My takeover began when I ventured out into the city, using [Structural Analysis] on everything I could get my hands on.

TVs, vending machines, cash registers, cars and trucks that ran on demonic power generators, and everything in the local appliance center with all their fancy home appliances. More than a thousand blueprints permanently seared into my memory like a mental encyclopedia of magitechnology. Hadn't gotten my hands on some real magitech though. No airships or real weapons... No Sacred Gears either.

But it was enough.

Demonic Power was an untamed creature of the imagination after all. And in this, it was finally free to roam. Head stuffed to spilling with knowledge of all the magic that made things cool or heat or insulate or move in a thousand different ways. All that knowledge had barely settled before [King of All Trades] and [Intermediate Item Construction] picked apart all that raw knowledge like devil-buzzards on a carcass. Trying to fit together what they knew, extrapolating what they didn't, nearly came to blows when two different pieces fit the same slot.

And my brain was the whiteboard they used to fight over it all.

They filled it end-to-end. Scribbled the board full with thaumaturgic hierarchies, magical equations and around forty devil-university degrees more than a country-devil like me was ever supposed to hold. And once [King of All Trades] and [Intermediate Item Construction] settled and toasted their success...

There [Bronze Creation] was. The honest tradesman who'd been sitting quiet in the corner, nursing his beer, waiting with his toolbox until the eggheads and clean-vests finished with their theorizin' and the time came to actually make it all real.

And we did.

We rolled up our sleeves and made it all real.

By the end of the first night, the room had stopped being a hotel room and became my workshop.

Bronze lay everywhere. Solid pillars of amber-brown held up metal ribs that arched across the ceiling. Hooks and cranes sliding back and forth on them like a car body shop. Bronze tread plate covered the floor and completely obscured the patterned carpet. The desk had become a lathe, the coffee table a weapons rack, and the queen-sized bed lay forgotten underneath a massive bronze workbench with all the bronze doohickies and whatchamacallits that I'd formed to experiment and test my theories.

It still don't feel right: Having 'Theories' and 'Thesises' as if I'm some devil of science. But here I was anyway, barely having gotten a proper shut eye after three whole days of science work. Should have tired me out, except... it didn't. Even the fact that I hadn't learned any new spells didn't stop me. If anything, it only made me hungrier. Hungry for what I could learn. For what I could craft.

I would have gone longer, fabricated even more. But then, just an hour ago...

The Letter arrived.

Sitting back from my workbench now, I glanced over the rectangle of fancy parchment sitting at the edge of the workbench. It was a small thing now, but impossible to ignore how it got to me: sitting on a polished gold platter, hand-delivered by the general manager of the entire hotel, herself with her head bowed obeisantly as if I was an emissary from some greater power.

And in a way, I was.

Because handwritten in fine ink was a request, or maybe even an order, straight from a Satan herself.

The letter said that there's a train heading north, to the human world.

It said that there's a seat with my name on it.
​
The phone rang on the other side of the room.

"Get that for me," I muttered the verbal command as my hands went back to the workbench, giving my last project here its finishing touches.

The phone clacked softly as it was picked up entirely off the table. And heavy footfalls followed— a slow deliberate thuds of bronze striding on bronze—and crossed the room behind me. A shadow spilled across the far wall, swallowing the wallpaper and climbing toward the ceiling until the room felt smaller for it. Like an adult trying to navigate a kid's playhouse.

The receiver was lifted up from its cradle and held to my ear.

"Sorry to disturb you, sir," a young woman said, voice bright and careful on the other end. "But we're glad to inform you that your checkout's been processed ahead of schedule, and we have a complimentary taxi service to anywhere within Glasya-Labolas, if you wish to avail it."

I watched my reflection in the dark window as she spoke.

"I'd be much obliged, miss," I said. "I'm vacatin' now. So, if you'd be so kind and send that cab my way."

"Right away, sir."

The call ended. The receiver stayed held steady near my ear for a heartbeat longer before the massive hand lowered it back into place.

"Pack it up. Long haul mode." I said, and the words dropped into the room like some reality-warping spell.

Behind me, a strange symphony played out: the rasp and keen and creak of metal sliding across metal, layered over itself from every corner of the room. Seams unlocked, joints folded, and hard bronze seeming to turn to liquid. Streamed inward, vanishing into itself like it was being sucked into a vacuum cleaner going to nowhere. The air thrummed as Demonic Power rushed back into me, a sudden flood returning to its reservoir, hot and electric beneath his skin.

Then... silence.

I didn't need to glance back to confirm.

The room was ordinary again. Just another immaculate five-star hotel suite with its bed, carpeted floor, and floor-to-ceiling windows framing a Glasya-Labolas city skyline. All that was left was a single, bronze drag-along suitcase sat innocent on the carpet, only a bit larger than the hotel minifridge, its amber-brown surface brushed to a soft, expensive-looking sheen. The corners were tastefully rounded, and a tidy emblem of House Nebiros rested near the clasp.

All the bronze that I'd generated over the past few days reabsorbed and topped my Demonic Power Levels.

"Good," I stood up, drinking in the energy as I crossed the room, lifted it by the handle, and felt the reassuring flash of [Structural Analysis] that told me the springs had set just as designed. The whole thing coiled up tight like a rattlesnake in its den, ready to strike the moment it was called on.

The letter sat on the desk, thick parchment paper, folded it up and tucked it into my suit pocket.

The letter said that there's a place, out in the frontier, called Kuoh Town.

It said that there's people that I had to find.
​
And all that was left was...

I picked up my latest project off the desk and turned etched bronze once in my hands. Two barrels and no frills; Couldn't make anything fancier without more spells and magitech under my belt. I sighed. It was as good as it's gonna get right now. I slid a bronze Totem in each barrel—Hawk in one, Eagle in the other—and snapped it shut.

And as I walked out, dragging the large bronze luggage behind me, my finger traced in my pocket the folded edge of the letter.

And it said that there's work.

For a devil like me.

- A Deal with Satan End -
​

AN:

I felt bad about last chapter's cliffhanger... so have this cliffhanger instead. Hope it helps. :^)

Rias' peerage or Sona's peerage?... I'm rolling dice to decide it right now. It even has one for Seekvaira's peerage. Wouldn't that be funny if he just ends up in her peerage after I foreshadowed Sona's Rating Game.

The Issei Poll is interesting... I'll be incorporating the runner ups. I already discussed with the council on how to give the tired Fem!Issei a new spin. Though, it will be a while before she even appears. After all, this is set long before the 1st episode of the anime.


FEATS:

Meet the Magical Girl
Gain a personal audience with Serafall Leviathan, one of the Four Satans of the Underworld
+1 Gold Gacha Ticket

First Date with Serafall
Go on a date with Serafall Leviathan, one of the Four Satans of the Underworld
+1 Platinum Gacha Ticket

ROLLS:

[Venomous] |Uncommon Trait| (Silver Ticket)
You are venomous, and your bite contains paralyzing venom. The power of the paralysis scales with your physical abilities.

[Bronze Creation] |Rare Ability| (Gold Ticket)
Allows you to create and shape Bronze, the superior metal and alloy, forming weapons, armor, or even constructs out of it, you can also reinforce this bronze with your own energy.

[Structural Analysis] |Rare Ability| (Gold Ticket)
Fate - Allows you to run your energy through an object or a construct to construct a detailed blueprint of the object in your mind as well as being aware of its weaknesses and flaws.

[King of All Trades] |Epic Skill| (Platinum Ticket)
You have Adept-level expertise in all basic trades (Adept Blacksmithing, Medicine, Mechanics, Cooking, Interfacing) with competence comparable to an actual veteran of the trade and are greatly talented in those fields.

Last edited: Jan 27, 2026
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, kffs, Selitry and 2,427 others
Infonticus
Jan 27, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch 3 - Double Bare Kings of Kuoh
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Feb 11, 2026
Add bookmark
#848
Chapter 3: Double Bare Kings of Kuoh


Dear cutest little sister Rias,

You got this letter instead of a call, so you know what time it is! Serafall and I couldn't decide who deserved a prize again. So, it's up to you and Sona to find out who should get it.

Quick catch-up, then the interesting business.

Remember the Lucifer Six and how we all thought had been gone for good except for Grayfia's family? It turns out that they weren't permanently gone. A devil from one of them, House Nebiros, showed up in Glasya-Labolas a few days ago for the Middle-Class Devil Examination. And for a couple of reasons, he impressed all of us. Serafall even personally talked to him and found him to be very cooperative and even asked us to put him in a peerage. He's around your age, so we told him there's one in Kuoh Town.

That's right! You and Sona get to decide which of your peerages he'll officially join!

Work it out however you two usually do; I'm staying out of it just like I promised. Just keep in mind that although he's officially a Middle-Class Devil, he's effectively High-Class in every way that matters. In the exam, he also fought against Riser Phenex's Queen in a battle of magic and won with barely a scratch if that means anything to you. *wink* *wink* But we'll let you and Sona draw your own conclusions about his power and skills. Just watch out, he's cleverer than he looks.

Let us know when the two of you come to an agreement!

Lovingly,
Your Sirzechs-onii-chama


[Occult Research Club Room - Kuoh Academy]

Rias Gremory reached up into her crimson hair and nursed her growing headache.

"Onii-baka, pushing everything onto your little sister again. And just after midterms too! You know that we can probably just refuse, right?"

But the letter didn't reply to that threat, and Rias just sighed.

The clubroom sighed with her as she sat back into the couch's maroon leather. The midnight air so quiet that the candelabras sounded like they were whispering as they lit up the room in a soft orange. Mahogany furniture walls drank the light, varnish dark as old wine, and the velvet drapes pooled against the carpeted floor, folds swallowing any outside sound. Except for one.

Knocking came from the door, not someone from her peerage either: Too firm to be her graceful Akeno, too formal to be her relaxed Kiba, and too uniform to be her carefree Koneko. Besides, she didn't expect them for a few more hours, and with this letter in her hand?

There was only one person who could be that right now.

"Come in, Sona." Rias called out.

The Student Council President did, the dark mahogany door creaking open to let her slim frame, still dressed in Kuoh Academy uniform, slip inside. She held a clipboard to her chest, likely holding her own letter. And violet eyes behind violet rims landed on the letter held in Rias' fingers.

"Good, you received your letter." Sona noted, voice soft and business-like, but having known Sona for years, Rias could definitely hear how her words frayed just at the end from how worried she was. Could see the faint frazzle in her short dark hair.

"My letter barely says anything worthwhile," Rias said with a weary smile, almost apologising for it. "What does yours say?"

"Far less than I'd like either..." Sona sighed as she sat down on the couch across her. "My sister says that she and your brother are sending over the Pure-Blooded scion of one of the Lucifer Six. And despite being deserving of his own Evil Pieces, he strangely still wishes to join a peerage until he chooses to accept them. Which is soon. Nevertheless, Serafall-onee-sama made sure to stress that it is vitally important for Devilkind's interests that we at least be hospitable to him. How he's treated may directly affect whether his House reconnects with the wider Underworld as a partner or becomes a long-term problem. 'No pressure, but the four of us are counting on you.' my sister says. And I can somewhat understand her reasoning, even if I don't agree with having this considerable responsibility foisted onto us so suddenly."

"So, we're supposed to be the welcoming party, huh?"

Sona exhaled, clearly that wasn't the answer she was looking for. "May I assume your letter from Sirzechs-sama didn't supply any more details as to say who he is?"

"Sorry, mine has even less to say about him," Rias chuckled helplessly, holding up her own letter. "Only that he showed up a few days ago to take the Mid-Class Exam, and that he's strong enough that he won against Riser's Queen piece in the examinations in a duel of spells."

"Middle-Class Devil Examinations? Mine didn't include that information... But he's supposed to be the heir, right? High-Class should have been a given."

Rias just shrugged. "I don't know the reasons why, only that he won against Riser's Queen Piece."

"He won against Yubelluna?" she murmured, scribbling something onto her clipboard, her pen casting a long shadow on the candlelight. "I guess that would place him solidly at Mid-Class at least..."

"And he did it with barely a scratch."

Sona's pen stopped, and so did its long shadow. Then began moving again, faster this time. "I see... So, he's a High-Class Devil. And of all the recently matured Devils in our generation, Riser's peerage sits comfortably in the top ten in both performance and popularity polls. To have beaten a well-trained Queen piece like that in a duel easily..."

"You don't have to keep praising him so much, you know?!" Rias snapped.

Putting 'Riser' and 'Her being told what to do' in the same conversation never failed to grate at her. Whatever, her otou-san will be breaking off the engagement soon anyway. Not that it'll make her like him any less. If she could, she'd never look at anything even related to Riser Phenex. But Rating Games are too big of a deal, especially for their generation. And it was hard enough that she couldn't open the Rating Game section of Devitube without seeing his stupid face.

"Ah... right." Sona winced, "Sorry, I know it's been a sensitive topic."

Rias could only exhale. Sona had always been a tender puppy underneath that thin shell of business. And unlike Riser, she didn't deserve it.

"Sorry for bursting out like that. Just... forget it," She sighed again. "Going back to the topic now... Yes, I've watched a few of his games with Akeno. She estimated that she would definitely beat Riser' Queen in a head-to-head duel. But does it honestly matter? There's more to joining my peerage than just fighting ability, and I definitely wouldn't let someone join just because someone else told me I should, even if it is onii-sama. I think he and Serafall-sama just want to give us another 'Learning moment'."

"It does sound like their usual games." Sona agreed with a tired nod.

It was always the same old story.

Their well-meaning—sometimes overbearing, always annoying—older siblings wanted to impart a practical life lesson. But instead of just sitting down and talking about it like normal people, they always had to make it into a game! It's why they even had this arrangement in the first place: This joint management of Kuoh Academy. Their older siblings had wanted her and Sona to learn how to work together: Talking, coordinating and growing closer. And they did. They learned those lessons years ago, and she could appreciate each and every one of them too! It made handling things around Kuoh town so much easier when she could communicate well with Sona. Some of it even carried over to her own duties as King of her peerage.

Something still didn't make sense though.

Rias furrowed her brow. "What I really want to know is how this Lucifer Six heir is so important that they want us to accommodate him in either of our peerages?"

"Hmm," Sona tapped her pen on her chin in thought, "I believe Serafall-onee-sama mentioned that the Old Kings House won enormous support when 'they' convinced House Belphegor to rejoin through Roygun-san. But if the Four Satans' political faction can get one of the Six Houses of Lucifer to reintegrate? That'll be an unbelievable political victory. This heir might just be a once in a millennium opportunity."

"I see..."

She was not an unreasonable person. She was willing to do a lot for her brother, for the good of devilkind, and even for a stranger she didn't know. But she just drew a line at people dictating what she should do with her own peerage.

"So, how bad can it really be if we both refused him?"

"I think..." Her short-haired counterpart murmured. "... Sirzechs-sama and Serafall-onee-sama will be very disappointed, but they'll respect our decision and send him for someone else to evaluate and possibly accept into their peerage."

"Like Seek-chan?" Rias perked up, leather couch creaking under her. Was this their easy way out of the situation?

"... Yes, like Agrares-san," Sona voiced with just the slightest annoyed barb. "But you know their expectation as well as I do. If we can't say we made an honest effort, they won't accept our rejection."

"I know," Rias settled back, the excitement now gone. "I just wish they told us more about what kind of person this heir from House Nebiros is."

Sona's violet eyes flew almost as wide as her glasses. "House Nebi— Your letter says he's from House Nebiros?!"

Rias glanced down at her letter, and rubbed her head sheepishly. "Oops... I kind of skimmed over that part, didn't I?" She said through Sona's annoyed stare, "But... does that really change anything? Are they supposed to be a big deal compared to the other Houses in the Lucifer Six? I thought House Lucifuge, Grayfia-nee-sama's original House, was their leader and the most important one?"

"Yes, House Lucifuge was the most militarily decorated. but House Nebiros were the original Lucifer's dedicated research and development House from long before the Great War ever began. A good amount of devilkind's modern biomedical magisciences came from the Original Lucifer's House before it trickled down to the 72 Pillars. You can even say that they were collectively the Ajuka Beelzebub before Ajuka Beelzebub."

"A House full of Ajuka Beelzebubs..." Rias muttered.

She could see why getting this House back would be a big deal. The Underworld is already benefitting a lot from just one, but a whole house of him? She could just imagine an entire family of green-haired, cape-wearing super geniuses.

"So, this guy must be pretty smart too?"

"Likely so," Sona replied, already halfway down scribbling another column of notes in her clipboard. But Rias already knew the three most interesting items on that list.

"Respected bloodline, fighting ability, and brains on top of it. Make you wonder why he'd ever turn down getting his own—" She stopped. And suddenly, it all clicked for her. "Sona… tell me I'm not the only one getting a weird feeling about this."

"Now that you mention it… Yes, it does feel irregular." Her more bookish friend shifted the notes on her clipboard, papers rustling and eyes scanning them. "If we collate what we know: he deferred his right to Evil Pieces, lowered himself to take the Middle-Class Devil Exam—"

"—And then," Rias cut in, "He requested peerage placement from two Satans who, coincidentally, both have younger sisters with vacancies. Meaning us."

"But... Serafall-onee-sama has met him personally, and she doesn't overlook red flags."

"Unless she thinks we can handle it. Or she thinks it'd be funny," Rias countered. And Sona just sighed in response.

"Often both, actually."

And Rias knew that she'd convinced her. "So, then..." She sat back, leather creaking against her back. "... what's our strategy going to be, Sona?"

Sona's violet eyes shone hungrily at the word 'strategy.' "Our older siblings want us to evaluate his suitability for either of our peerages," her bespectacled friend said, excited now that she was in her element, "But given the circumstances, I suspect he might be as much of a candidate as he is a test or an object lesson. Sirzechs-sama's wording says that he's from House Nebiros. But it is just as likely, if not more likely, that he's one of those pretenders who we sometimes hear on the news. In either case, the lack of information is itself part of the test. Like an opponent declaring a move without us ever seeing the chessboard. So, that would be our first move: fully identifying the piece and deducing his intent. Once we have more information, we reconvene and develop our strategy accordingly."

"Sounds good. Very chess-like," Rias muttered, glancing at the walnut-wood clock on the wall, just past midnight, "Still, this is a lot of work just after midterms."

"I'm sure they'll find a way to compensate us for all these additional responsibilities."

"Oh, onii-san sure will!" Rias huffed.

"He will likely be arriving today." Sona glanced at her collection of notes. "I'll organize these so that we can brief our peerages in the morning."

Rias nodded. "And I'll call the station master. Have him on the look out for our 'prospective peerage member.' Kind of hard to do that since we don't know what he looks like, but I'm sure he's on a passenger list somewhere. Maybe delay him and buy us more time..." She said. Kuoh Station was busy this time of year, being the only station in this section of Japan that was authorised to cross the Earth-Underworld border. And though she may not be in charge of it, as heiress apparent of House Gremory, she could boss the staff around, just a bit. It was even more justified because her baka-onii-san was pushing some of his work onto her: Pitting her and Sona against this Nebiros heir.

"Well if there's nothing else..." Sona stood up, straightening her Kuoh uniform on her slender frame and nodded to her. "We'll meet an hour before homeroom?"

Rias smiled back. "See you then, Sona."

She had heart and Sona had brains. And between both of their peerages, on their home turf, she could say that they'd be able to handle any surprises sent there way. But... A part of her was still slightly nervous though. It always was when meeting a new heir or heiress to some 72 Pillar house. But this time, it was outside of balls, soirees and other social events. This was much more personal: In her territory and regarding her own peerage.

She had to take him seriously. Who knows what kind of sophisticated chessmaster the heir from the Devil house known for its super-geniuses was?


(Two hours later) [Kuoh Town Station]

Funny how, as the train slowed its run to my destination and those dark tunnel lights lit up my cabin longer as they passed by, I found myself wanting to just go back home and inbreed with my two sisters.

My dad told me this'd happen one fine evening way back when.

He said that there's a point in every male Nebiros Devil's life when he gets the urge to go home, bend his sister over a haystack and extend the family tree. I'd know for sure when it happens, he said. As if Satan himself pointed a finger at my sis' crotch and told me to get to work. I just didn't think that point would come this soon.


Feat Achieved! — Out on the Ole' Frontier
Cross the barrier between worlds and arrive in the Human World
+1 Bronze Gacha Ticket

...

[Bitch Breaker] |Uncommon Trait|
Sometimes all a bad attitude needs is a good fucking, you are an expert at correcting attitudes through sex correction.

...
​

The moment the train had come chugging out the tunnel between the Underworld and the Human world, I received the achievement and got this payout from the gacha ticket. And now, I can go make my parents proud by having raw, incestuous sex with my two twin sisters. And this time without the risk of CBT or pegging.

And ain't that the darndest thing?

I rode this far just to earn myself a reason to quit the trail. To just... turn around and head straight back home. Back to my small-devil-town in that cozy valley, back to the family farm and the room I grew up in, and back to the family. I'd just hang up my spurs and spend the rest of my days living quietly on the farm, extending the family line with my two sisters, putting buns in those tiny ovens until the end of time.

It sounded like a dream, but this was no time to get cold feet! What kind of devil on a hellish crusade would I be if I quit the moment I step foot in the Human World?

Besides, I'm sure I'll find a use for [Bitch Breaker] before I head home.


"Kuoh Station. End of the line. Platform 2 now boarding for Lucifaad Central."
​

The announcement sounded over the hissing of train brakes engaging and with just the slightest lurch... the whole train stopped fully.

"Well, better get to it." I muttered, settling the black cowboy hat onto my head and tugged it low.

Time to break some bitches, and meet with my new boss. Here's hoping I'd make a good first impression with her. And if luck keeps riding with me, it'd be half as fine as the one I'd left with the Satan Leviathan. She'd even done me a kindness and gave me a private cabin all to myself. More expensively decorated than my bedroom back home to boot—All fine woods, Persian carpets and silky couch pillows. It was a hell of a lot more comfortable than the freight car that I stowed away on getting out of Nebiros Town, that's for sure!

"One of these days, I'm gonna get my sisters a fancy train car like this..." I dragged my hefty, fridge-sized, bronze 'luggage' behind me. Thankfully, I was the only one ready in the 1st-class car and didn't have to squeeze past people getting off the train, but I did have some trouble once I got onto the bustling station platform: Dozens of people embarking and disembarking on Kuoh Station.

It was quite a collection of characters too!

There were people dressed like normal ningen with their jeans and t-shirts, and then there were the people in plate armour or wizard robes. Of course, I was in no place to judge, seeing as I was a devil-cowboy and dressed as such in my all-black seersucker suit and cowboy hat. In fact, I reckon I was the strangely dressed devil in the station. The most lost looking one too, I'd wager. Because I couldn't make heads or tails of the directions. Corridors going this way, elevators going that way, and everyone going every way.


"Kuoh Station. End of the line. Platform 2 now boarding for Lucifaad Central."
​

And just as I was looking for someone to ask for directions, a short, fat bearded old man came rushing down the platform. The uniform and the peaked cap on him, I vaguely recognised as the station master thanks to my sisters' place of work.

I met the station master's beady eyes and tipped my hat to him, "Can you—"

"I'm sorry, sir, but I've been assigned to assist a VIP," He said, eyes glued to the train that he was almost jogging in place to rush to. "You'll have to ask one of the other staff to help you."

"I see. Thanks for..." I managed to get out before he hurriedly waddled away like a duck with its tail-feathers on fire, "...your time?"

That was fine. I could find my own way.

With barely a thought, I eased [Byakugan] and [Structural Analysis] into my two 'ability slots.' Long range, 360-degree x-ray vision and the ability to gain a mental blueprint of any object/structure I touched, respectively. Byakugan showed me that this expansive train station was more than 150 feet—or about ten floors—below ground, and that there was also an entire labyrinth of underground facilities under Kuoh Town. Didn't tell me the quickest way up to the surface though, so I tried my luck with Structural Analysis and tapped the button on the closest elevator. That ability could reach just as far and maybe even farther than the Byakugan when it involved electrical wires or elevator cables after all.

The elevator's blueprint burned itself into my mind.

"Ah, this one goes straight to the ningen station!" I smiled as I stepped inside. The doors slid shut, then a gentle lurch as the elevator began its climb. The hum of cables filled the narrow space. And...

Unease began filling me up as the numbers counted down to ground floor. The reality of what was about to happen hit me. My hands fumbled for my double-barrel, Hawk and Eagle Totems resting warm in the bronze tubes.

I barely held it proper before the elevator stopped.

Then... the doors parted, slowly, as if reluctant to reveal what waited beyond.

I stepped out, gripping my gun and my 'luggage' tight.

The cool night air felt like a cold curtain I had brushed past. And after it came the glow of scattered streetlights lighting up quiet roads and closed storefronts. The town, or at least this part of it, was quiet after midnight. And above me, the night sky opened wide and endless, stars sharp and innumerable, stretching from horizon to horizon.

As a devil, it didn't feel right to be under the twinkling, star-studded firmament like this.

It felt unnatural, even a smidgen frightening.

Up there in the sky lies Heaven after all, with all its angel legions, the Ten Seraphim and the Four Great Seraphs. And now that I'm here on Earth, it feels like I'm walking across their front lawn, in full view of all their windows. Because Kuoh Town might be devil turf, but... 'In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth' were the very first words of the Holy Book. Earth as a whole was Heaven's territory, made for Humanity. Their private nature reserve where they let all the ningen run wild. Exorcists, Heaven's ningen guard dogs who were ordained by the Vatican, were wandering around with their light guns and light swords. But I wasn't all tense up over those, no, I was tense for something else.

I stood there, eyes darting at every star, knuckles white on my gun as I waited for it.

The moment any one of those twinkling star up there turns into a shining halo and a legion of those many-winged bandits comes swooping in with spears of light to banish me back to heck.

Seconds ticked by, then minutes.

But no one came and nothing happened. Just an empty street in a quiet, human town after midnight.

I glared up at the stars that cropped up my nerves.

"One day the shoe's gonna be on the other foot." I promised to the stars, and to myself. "And it's gonna be all the heavens that stared down in the Underworld's direction and feared me."

Today however was one big step forward towards that goal.

My [Byakugan], through the already sharp Devil eyes and powered by Demonic Power, cut through the dark and past the sleepy buildings away from the direction of Tokyo and found...

A school with an old vine-covered schoolhouse to the side, barely half a mile away.

Tuning my eyeballs, I took a peek through its wooden walls and found a poshly decorated room, candles lit and the shadows of four people moved around. Off to one side, a very buxom girl with a long dark ponytail brewed tea in a teapot. Another petite girl, her hair white as snow sat with an impassive expression as she snacked on a cake. A blond boy stood behind a leather couch, on which lounged the last one person in the group, her long crimson hair streaming past her shoulders.

Found 'em.

Well, I shouldn't keep them waiting.

Luggage in hand, I gave one last glance at the glittering Heavens above, one last whisper drifting into the dark as I went on my way

"One day. One day soon."


[Occult Research Club Room - Kuoh Academy]

Rias sipped her tea, the jasmine almost scalding on her tongue. But she gulped it down to quickly make way for her question.

"Are you sure he was on that train?"

"Yes, Mistress Gremory," The station master's voice filtered clear through the red communication circle laid on the dark wood of the coffee table. Humbly, the old man spoke. "The cabin was indeed booked under the name Malal Nebiros. And when I had personally checked upon the train's arrival, the cabin did bear signs of use, but had apparently been vacated as soon as the train stopped. My deepest apologies, mistress, he had slipped past the staff."

"Did the booking come with a description of him? A recent picture? Or did anyone see what he looks like?"

"The train's wait staff can only recall that he was wearing a black suit at the time."

"I see," Rias exhaled in frustration, blowing steam from her teacup. "Thank you for your help anyway."

With a dismissive wave of her hand, the magic circle winked out.

"Ara~" Akeno laughed softly, sounding amused as she refilled Rias' cup. She set the teapot down and smiled, violet eyes bright with interest. "It seems we have a guest wandering loose in Kuoh."

"He's definitely planning something."

"Buchou," Kiba spoke up, "I can do a quick patrol around the town to search for our Nebiros guest if you want."

"Nebiros. Hmm. Nebiros," Koneko muttered in between creamy forkfuls of her strawberry shortcake.

Rias still didn't know what about the name caught her attention. She'd given them a quick catchup, but the real briefing was going to happen until after Sona and her peerage arrived later in the morning. "I don't know how much a search will help us," She muttered, "Kuoh Town is pretty big... I wouldn't even know where to start if he wants to hide."

A knock came from the front door.

Rias' blue eyes darted to the faces in the room. This time, all her peerage accounted for and that didn't sound like Sona either, who she didn't expect until dawn. Koneko, Akeno and Kiba looked alert, having come to the same conclusion about the knock, and all three glanced at her for cues.

"That will be him," Rias set her cup down, already disliking this turn of new development.

"Ara~ Of all the places in Kuoh Town, it seems that he wants to hide here." Akeno laughed again. "How bold!"

"And calculated," Rias muttered back. This was her school and her town. So, instead of trying to challenge her over those, he had picked the time of their meeting. And he chose right this second, just hours after she was even notified of his imminent arrival and far too soon before she had time to prepare. Clearly, this was a power move. A tactic to deliberately keep her off-balance, dancing to his tune, and making her look like an idiot.

She really didn't like him already.

"Kiba. Koneko. With me," Rias said, rising from the couch. "Akeno, tidy up the room for reception, and inform Sona that he's already here and that we'll be hosting him here at the Occult Research Clubroom instead."

"Mm." Akeno nodded, her dark, thigh-length ponytail swaying as she hurriedly cleaned up.

Rias sighed as Kiba and Koneko followed behind her through the corridors, footsteps soft against waxed wood. The walls seemed more unkempt than ever before. Dirt standing out as if pulsing black, cracks looked like they were growing by the second. Or perhaps it was simply the self-consciousness creeping in now that she was going to be hosting a real outsider into her space for the very first time—someone not family or friends of family or even a fellow student of Kuoh Academy. The foyer opened before them, tall wooden doors framed under softly burning light of the wrought iron chandelier above.

Rias stopped, just beyond the foyer's candlelight.

The knocking came again. Gentle now, almost polite now, as if he could see them through the door. She just waited though. And soon, her Queen piece came promptly jogging down the hall, taking her place beside her and leaning into whisper.

"Sona-san said that she'll be over with her in a few minutes." Akeno said softly.

Rias hummed in acknowledgement and stepped forward, near the center of the foyer. Back straight, feet slightly apart, head turned every so slightly to catch the candlelight with the good side of her crimson hair. Everything the etiquette classes of the 72 Pillars had taught her. She was going to need them to receive an heir of the Lucifer Six.

Finally, the time came.

"Koneko, Kiba, Akeno," Rias said, without turning her eyes from the front door, "Watch him closely, okay? I want you all to form your own opinions of him as both a person and a potential fellow peerage member."

All three of them made noises of agreement.

"Kiba. The door."

Her blond Knight piece stepped forward and, with a graceful flourish, opened the door.

A devil in black stood just past the threshold.

Moonlight caught on silver edges of his silver hair, as well as his oversized belt buckle embossed with the swirling and pointed sigil of House Nebiros. His face was half-covered in the shadow of his dark cowboy hat, and a smile stretched too wide and too friendly to be sincere.

"Howdy."

The word had barely settled before the screaming started.

"... The younger one will naturally be more receptive to exogenous hormone administration and our standard battery of physiomagical signaling. Begin your research. And be sure to send regular reports of her development... "​

"Koneko?!" Rias spun.

The petite, snowy-haired girl was on the floor. Golden eyes, blown wide. Mouth opened in a raw, tearing scream that scraped the air like claws on stone. Rias dropped to her knees in a heartbeat, hands sliding under Koneko's shoulders, pulling her upright as the sound only grew.

"Koneko! Koneko, hey, look at me... " Rias held her tight, feeling her shake, feeling the way her body locked as if every muscle had forgotten how to move. "We're here. We've got you."

Koneko didn't hear her. "Onee-san! ONEE-SAN!" the once-quiet girl now gasped between screams, voice cracking and splintering. Nails blindly scrabbling at the wood in a mad panic to get away from—

Rias's head snapped up at the person responsible. "What did you do to Koneko?!"

"I didn't do nothing!" The devil in black flinched back a step, both hands rising, palms out.

"Liar!" Rias barked. But Koneko shrieked harder at the sound, fingers clawing into Rias's coat like she was drowning. Rias pulled her closer, shielding her with her own body, voice dropping, desperate and fierce all at once. "Koneko! We're here. We're not going to let him hurt you. You hear me? He's not touching you."

Metal sang as Kiba drew his sword.

"Step away from Koneko!"

Her Knight piece stood his body between them, blue eyes burning, and jagged demon sword already in his grip. The blade thrummed faintly, edge biting at the air. Akeno stepped up alongside him too, golden light flickering up the night with the sparks of lightning contained in her hands.

"I advise you to stop whatever you're doing to her." The miko's tone was cold, empty of her usual playfulness.

The Nebiros devil took another careful step back, palms still up. "It's not me! Please, people, this is just a huge misunderstandin'!" He said, walking backwards until his back brushed his luggage. With a quick tug, he dragged it in front of him, brass plates flashing under Akeno's lightning, the sigil of House Nebiros gleaming like a shield.

But the distance somehow only made it worse. Koneko screamed like walls were closing in on her. "ONEE-SAMA! ONEE-SAMA!"

"Stop!" Rias shouted. And despite the tears in her eyes for her hurting, screaming friend, anger cracked at her heart. "Whatever spell you're casting on her, you're going to stop it right now!"

"It's not me!" the devil in black protested, sounding panicked. "I swear to Satan!"

Rias's thoughts tangled as she cradled her shrieking Rook piece in her arms. The political games and the power moves, she could forgive. But now he's targeting her peerage?! Her Koneko?! She'd pleaded. She'd demanded. But he hasn't stopped, and if he wasn't going to stop on his own...

Rias gritted her teeth. "Kiba! Akeno! Make him stop!"

Her Knight and her Queen piece took a half step toward the lone devil hurting Koneka, and he stiffened.

"Now hold your horses! I will defend myself. And I assure you all, no one wants that. So, let's all just—"

Koneko screamed again.

In an instant, Kiba was within arm's length, jagged demon blade flashing a brilliant arc of moonlight as it swept for the devil's neck.

The shimmering arc stopped abruptly.

A strange sound drowned out the blade's impact—like a hundred hammers swung against a hundred anvils with impossible synchronization—and Rias saw the demonic sword halted perfectly still as it hit something in the way. Something that was not flesh.

The Nebiros devil was not alone anymore.

There, between her knight and the devil, loomed a massive shape, almost twice his height: a hulking armoured giant of polished brass, its too-long head like a brass pipe had emerged a displeased metal face. Molten gold eyes regarded the knight calmly while its torso-sized palm closed around his blade.

Spoiler: The Imperfect

And Rias realised then where it came from.

The luggage that the Nebiros devil had with him had unfolded in between heartbeats and formed a whole brass construct. He planned to ambush them for the start with this golem!

Without warning, the construct's oversized fist shot forward, so fast that it was like a flash of gold light. Caught surprised, Kiba took the blow full across the chest and was sent flying through the building like a plastic doll, wood and plaster erupting in his wake as he vanished inside in a storm of debris.

"Kiba!" Rias shouted, her pulse roared in her ears. Kiba was the fastest. His Sword Birth's penetrating power was second only to her Power of Destruction. If he couldn't break through—

"I warned you all," The Nebiros devil said, as his and the giant's eyes drifted towards Akeno. "Now, put that lightning down, nice and slow..."

Akeno didn't hesitate.

Lightning detonated from her hands, golden arcs snapping across the air and striking the golem right on the Nebiros sigil embossed on its chest. Steam hissed from its back. And for half a heartbeat, Rias hoped that Priestess of Thunder's powerful spells would stop it in its tracks.

But then the golem lunged.

Across the length of a tennis court, it lunged through the air. Fast like a Knight piece. Faster than something that size had any right to move. Shooting through the air like a steamjet-proppelled meteor of pure metal. A freakishly huge fist raised high before swinging down in a wild haymaker.

It went through the lightning like it wasn't there, brass untouched and momentum unbroken.

Akeno's surprised shout cut off as the punch struck her side, right on her upper arm. And Rias watched, frozen, as her Queen piece was hurled clear of the house, body spinning end over end before crashing onto the dusty soccer field outside.

The golem straightened. Moonlight illuminated the sigil of House Nebiros.

Koneko screamed again, louder than before, definitely the sound of the fighting. And Rias pulled her closer, heart hammering as the Nebiros devil turned back toward them. An annoyed frown on his mouth.

"Now, can we—"

"Get away from her!" Kiba came back rushing out the hole in the wall like a thrown dagger. Only to be blown back by water blasts erupting from the Nebiros' hands.

"Stay down, dammit! Let's talk this over!" the Nebiros kept insisting, kept lying, "Gremory, call off your knight!"

Rias was about to shout back 'No!' when the night sky detonated.

Fire rained down first, roaring sheets of heat that washed over the golem's back. Lightning followed, branching bolts hammering down in rapid succession. Water crashed after a summoned torrent slammed into superheated brass in an explosion of steam. And under that magical onslaught, even the golem staggered.

"Sona!" Rias cried out in relief as she saw the winged silhouettes dropped in.

Sona stood at the center, flanked by her entire peerage, magic circles in a line as they blasted spells at the golem. Akeno also staggered back into view as well, half-naked from the brutal blow she'd survived, jaw set with a pained grimace and one arm hanging limp as she called down lightning from the sky.

"Gosh darn cavalry!" The Nebiros Devil's frustrated shout rang out.

And from the golem, a massive mist billowed forth, and Rias' blue eyes widened. "Don't let him get away!" She shouted before she could even think of the words.

But then golden eyes flashed through the mist, and that thing came charging out!

Its brass pipe head snapped its dour expression toward the Sona's peerage members, and it surged forward with terrifying focus now that its master had quit the field. Massive strides carried it through the storm of spells, swinging its massive metal fists in wide, brutal arcs. Peerage members scattered, breaking formation. Magic circles were aborted and recast, only for them to be interrupted again. Sona's lone Rook, Tsubasa, dove between it and another peerage member, arm raised to try to block a brass fist as large as her torso. And immediately found that she couldn't, because the golem merely switched attacks to a lightning-fast backhand on the unprotected side of her face. The blow sent the blue-haired aside with such force that she was sent tumbling into the treeline.

"Rias!" Sona was suddenly beside her, her violet eyes wide and the scent of ozone clinging to her Kuoh uniform. "What in Satan's name are we fighting?!"

"T-The Nebiros guy!" Rias stammered, "He did something to Koneko and she hasn't stop screaming since! We tried to stop him but— But THAT!"

Sona's violet eyes darted to the rampaging metal giant. "We'll deal with it! Just get out of here!"

Rias shook her head instantly. "No, I'm not hurt. Take Koneko." she said, lifting her Rook piece who'd screamed herself unconscious, "She goes before anyone else."

Sona gestured to one of her peerage members, who flew over.

"I've got her." Sona's pawn, Ruruko, was already sliding careful arms beneath Koneko's trembling form.

Koneko whimpered as she was lifted, fingers clutching weakly at Rias's sleeve. Rias squeezed her hand once, hard. "We're not leaving you, Koneko," Rias said, her voice steady. "I promise."

And she also promised quietly, only to herself, that after this. They were going to find that Nebiros devil and make him pay.


[Kuoh Town Underground]

I was writing in the dark, and nursing some iced tea from a vending machine, when the achievement arrived.


Feat Achieved! — How Do You Screw Up an Ecchi Anime Isekai?!
Survive the pre-canon main cast's serious attempt at personally ending your life. Without a scratch.
+1 Gold Gacha Ticket

...
​

"I'd hardly said a single word to the catgirl!" I answered the awfully accusative achievement.

The only possibility that came to mind was the Nekoshou Incident. The one where her older sister slaughtered the entirety of her own peerage and left Koneko, known as 'Shirone' at the time, to the wolves. All to prevent her master from experimenting on Koneko. Which is strange because I recall her only almost being experimented on before her older sister slaughtered everyone. But heck, if almost getting killed gave people those PTSD things, then I can see why getting almost experimented on might be enough for her too.

Except, it wasn't my kin, House Nebiros, doing the experimenting.

No, it was our vassal, House Naberius... Who might have been operating under our behest, I assume. Well, my house must have been involved for Koneko to react like this. She must have sensed something about it despite not actively using Senjutsu.

What could have set her off like—

"Ah, my belt buckle." I glanced at my waist to where the sigil of House Nebiros sat proudly engraved on the polished metal. "That'd do the trick... She must have seen the Nebiros sigil somewhere, possibly right before they started their experiments. And thanks to that unfortunate series of events, I'm now the recurring villain that they're gonna try to kill every season or so. Through no fault of my own, I may add."

Didn't think that [Bad Blood] would bite me in the rear like this. I thought it was one of the 'milder' curses, but I was mistaken.

"Well, it's all spilled milk under the bridge. Gotta fix this fine mess I've found myself in."

I really just wanted to high tail it out of this world, but...

It carried the death penalty: stowing away on a train across worlds. And even then, capital punishment was the least of my worries. Because even if I got the legal paperwork past House Gremory's bureaucracy that Rias and Sona was no doubt monitoring, I'd have nowhere to go but straight home 'cause the two local peerage heads will spin a tale that'll get my face on every wanted poster in the Underworld! Something about me casting some mind spell on her peerage member and making them lose it.

That's why I couldn't just go back to the Underworld.

And the only one who could smooth this misunderstanding over was the Satan Leviathan herself. But as luck would have it, Miss Serafall had neglected to give me any means of contacting her, so a letter will have to do.

"... I eagerly await your prompt reply. Sincerely yours, Malal Nebiros." I enunciated the end of my letter with a flourish before slipping it into the devil-mailbox at this underground devil-post office. I didn't know her office's address, but few devils knew how to get in touch with the Satanic Head of Foreign Affairs anyway. But! I do know when and where she reads her letters, so that will have to suffice.

Now, I just had to make myself scarce until I got a response.

Can't run away from Kuoh Town though. It's open season on Devils outside of agreed-upon zones like Kuoh Town. So, I'm stuck in this town for a spell.

It shouldn't be a problem. [King of All Trades] came with stealth training too. The 'lived-in' knowledge of thieves, burglars and outlaws. The hows, wheres and whens to hide. (And coincidentally, the hows, wheres and whens of other people's valuables too.) Kuoh Town wasn't that large of a coastal town. Seashore to the southeast, wooded hills hugging from the northwest, and small town Kuoh filling up the space in between. But even in a town barely four miles across, there were a lot of places to hide in.

And it's gonna be a fine time for them trying to win a game of Hide-and-Seek with a [Byakugan] user!

But while I was chewing on the idea, I took the time to burn the Gold Gacha Ticket that I got, and...


[Nature's Child] |Rare Trait|

Nature subtly favors you, you tend to find fresh and healthy fruit when you go out for walks, you can grow a garden with minimal care, and animals and beings that are aligned with nature are more favorable toward you. In addition, you recover energy faster the closer you are to nature.

...
​

It was a bad roll, already bottom of the barrel for a gold gacha ticket, but I'll take what I can get at this point. At least this one will find use back home. Make all those acres of devil-cotton, devil-sugarcane, devil-opium grow fruitful.

Welp, I guess it's time to scamper into the woods and live off the land!

Straightening my black suit, I whistled a little tune as I went on my way. Except... There was one last thing though. A prick of curiosity needled at me, so I slotted in [Byakugan] and had a look back at the school.

I shook my head at what I saw. "I wouldn't go and do that if I were you, Rias. You're just gonna get hurt."


[Kuoh Academy]

Rias didn't remember deciding to rejoin the fight.

One moment she was watching Koneko carried away, breath held until she vanished beyond the field, and the next she was running with Sona towards the sounds and flashes of combat coming from the football field.

The battle had turned even uglier.

Sona's remaining peerage members persevered still, circling the eight-foot-tall golem from the air and on the ground. Spells and magic circles of every colour flashing in desperate rhythm. Tomoe, Sona's knight piece, was sitting against the goal post with her broken leg; and even in her state, magic circles formed in the redhead's hand as she flung fire and lightning down at the center of the football field.

And yet, even under an endless barrage of spells, only tiny scratches marred the brass giant's polished brass surface. Like pinpricks on solid metal.

It was just too tough and too fast. Too everywhere at once. The golem would choose a target to run down, activate its steam charge and shrug off every direct attack as it rocketed towards its target. And it'd take everyone else's collective effort to keep her away from the golem's fists. Even Kiba had rejoined the fight as well, shouting his defiance as he darted between the golem and Sona's web of spellcasters again and again, doing his best to distract it and knock off balance blows that would have crushed the girls outright. And even only barely, and only sometimes.

One of Sona's Bishops, Reya, was caught in one of the brass golem's flying haymakers, the brunette girl sent tumbling across the field like Akeno was.

Their entire peerages combined, and only six of them including herself were left.

"AKENO!" Rias shouted just before her Queen piece was enveloped in lightning, pouring all the lightning she had onto the golem's chest. She'd seen Akeno level a building with that technique once. She fell unconscious then, and she fell unconscious now, flat on the dirt. But the golem, it simply stood, uncaring of its new scratch. Horror filled Rias... It was just five of them now. But then, for a moment—just for a moment—the light in the golem's golden eyes inside dimmed, then flared again.

"Sona!"

"I saw it too." her friend replied, "It's slowing down. Akeno-san's attack must have damaged whatever magic is moving it, and I assume that goes for the magic that's protecting its metal shell too."

Rias smiled—Thanks, Akeno—and planted her feet, "Give me time to charge up!"

"Understood," Sona said as she dashed forward to personally join the battle, her shout cutting through the chaos. "Tactical shift! Interdiction maneuvers! Buy time for Rias now!"

The remaining girls immediately reorganised, deliberately acting as bait. Sona's peerage was nothing but well-coordinated.

Between her palms, wisps of crimson energies swirled around a pure black core. Destruction wasn't fire. It wasn't loud like lightning. It was absence. She drew the spell up from somewhere deep and furious, hands trembling as even the air around her palms were destroyed. Sound alternating between dulling to silence and to a rising howl.

And all the while, the battle raged.

She couldn't even shout when Kiba fell, thrown against a tree, having taken one backhand too many. A few more than anyone could have expected from a Knight piece.

Four of them left.

Sona's white-haired bishop, Momo, tried to bind its legs with water turned to ice. The golem simply ignored the spell, its massive leg still covered in ice when it caught her mid-cast and drove her straight down into the grass with a piston-like blow. Powerful enough that Rias felt the impact through her feet, and the girl went limp.

Three of them.

The eight-foot-tall golem was still far too fast. Still a blur of gold as it charged Sona's last piece: Her Queen piece Tsubaki. The taller girl did her best to keep it in Rias' direct line of fire. Her Sacred Gear, Mirror Alice, materialised from a script of bright gold. A pane of pure glass. Just in time! The colossal metal fist struck it. Against the monstrous strength and speed that had defeated all the others, the glass pane shattered as glass does, yet that only activated the Sacred Gear's true function.

A sound like a great metal gong being struck boomed! Rolling across the town and the hills as Mirror Alice reflected the force of the punch twice-over! And for the first time in the battle, the golem was staggered, its great brass foot forced to keep it from stumbling.

... Then it regained its balance.

But there was no attempt to materialise the reflecting glass again. Because that was the weakness of the Mirror Alice Sacred Gear: It needed time to be reactivated. Far too much than they had right now.

"No... Tsubaki! Retreat! That's an order!" Rias heard Sona shout.

But Sona's Queen piece smiled sadly in Sona's direction, her long black hair swaying under the gentle breeze as the giant swung its fist again. Tsubaki made no effort to dodge the too-fast strike. The swing connected, and shattered fragments of Tsubaki's teal glasses glittered like scattered diamonds in the moonlight, flung across the field along with her limp body.

"TSUBAKI!" came Sona's scream.

The brass giant lowered its enormous bloodied metal fist, and turned its frowning pipe-like head in their direction. Golden eyes glowing.

It... it was just two of them now. Sona and herself. Rias gulped, and tried her best to not lose focus. On the swirling black-and-crimson ball of Destruction between her palms.

"DIE!" Sona was losing it, great magical circles lighting up her furious expression. Jets of water surged from the sky like raging rapids. Gouging deep trenches in the earth. Blasting apart stone and concrete. The wrath of House Sitri heiress driving the giant to block the deluge with its massive arm.

She had to focus too. Her eyes going to the unmoving figures in the distance.

For Kiba, for Akeno, for Koneko.

With a thrumming pulse that blew her hair back, her Power of Destruction had finally fully coalesced. And yet, the brass continued to stand still under Sona's magical onslaught, regarding her with its golden eyes that flickered. Taunting them.

"Don't... underestimate... US!" Rias released the spell. Her Power of Destruction erupted outward in an annihilating surge and struck the Brass golem head on!

Gleaming brass peeled away into nothingness. Magic circles shattered like stained glass, and the golem's torso vanished in a cascading void, limbs shearing off as if they'd never existed at all. The wreckage hit the dirt floor like dropped pans clattering, kicking up dust as it did. Just a collapsed, half-erased mass of brass and broken mechanisms staying quiet.

"We... We won?" Rias dropped to the ruined field of her school's football field, her hands shaking, lungs burning as the weight of the fight finally crashed down on her.

Sona immediately dropped down to her fallen Queen piece, cradled the injured Tsubaki as she held the crying Sona's cheek. And all around them, their peerages slowly groaned. Bruised, exhausted and with broken bones, but alive. And that's what mattered. And for all the chaos and destruction that the Nebiros Devil had inflicted on them tonight, he could not claim a life tonight.

He did not win.

And that mattered too in Rias' books.

Then the sound of something metal moving rasped through the night air.

Everyone froze, breath caught in their throats.

And from the torn cavity of the brass wreck, a shape unfolded. A brass bird rose lifted itself free from the metal debris like a chick climbing out of its shell, its brilliant brass wings catching the moonlight as it flew. A coconut-sized sphere of brass, the sigil of House Nebiros embossed on its polished surface, was caught in the bird's talons as it darted straight into the night sky, vanishing between the stars.

"Nebiros...." Rias growled.

She hated that guy. So much.


[Hills northwest of Kuoh Town]

My [Byakugan] spotted it approaching as I was relaxing in my camp, roasting a rabbit I caught darting between the Ginkgo trees.

It came, swooping down from the starry night sky. An African Swallow automaton (for an unladen European swallow had insufficient weight ratio to carry a coconut) flitted between the leafy canopy and dropped the coconut-sized bronze core into my hands before perching on a nearby branch.

"You did good out there." I patted the warm bronze sphere.

Of course, ole' Ichabod the Imperfect lost.

Inscribed and imbued with quadruple-stacked barrier spells and every locomotion magic circle in the book, the bronze construct drank up demonic power like a parched devil-horse on a hot day. He was never meant for a drawn out brawl, just a target too large and too dangerous to ignore. And it sure as heck was hard to ignore a big, mean bronze son-of-a-gun stampeding at you with metal fists the size of backpacks! If this was a videogame, he'd be the off-tank bruiser and I'd be the high-damage carry. Old Ichabod here was meant to give me all the time and space I needed to freely gun them down with my totems.

That is, until he ran out of juice in a few minutes of course. Minutes that you could count in one hand.

Now, it's gonna take me two whole days with [Bronze Creation] to gradually rebuild and power him up, though I could cut it down to about twelve hours if I feel like passing out for it.

It would have been so much easier if I actually fought back.

I could've won the fight if I tried. Rias had just been sitting there looking pretty with Koneko too! But that meant firing my totem gun, this same gun that I crafted explicitly to punch through the natural magic resistance of higher class beings. It's a blunt instrument of violence—it didn't exactly have a knob on it to make it less lethal. So, what was I supposed to do? Shoot both Satans' little sisters dead? That was about the dumbest thing I could have done. I even gave it an order before high-tailing it: 'Don't target Rias or Sona.'

The second dumbest thing would have been killing any member of their peerages.

So, it was a real stroke of luck that I slapped that anti-killsteal directive on my automaton when I crafted it! Kills were reserved for me, as it should. Old Ichabod the Imperfect was just there to rough them up and tire them enough for me to shoot 'em dead.

"Heck, if they'd surrendered or flew away, Old Ichabod would have just stood there until he ran out of juice!" I guffawed. "Speaking of... I gotta fix that sometime."

But as it stood, that anti-killsteal feature ended up saving their lives. Otherwise… he'd have twisted their pretty little necks like those plastic bottlecaps, or played wishbones with their limbs. It was a nasty thing fueling an automaton with Demonic Power. It didn't make him sentient, but you don't have to be sentient to be sadistic. Because if those bronze practice dummies I'd set him loose on a couple days before could have screamed, they definitely would have.

But Rias' and Sona's peerage were all devils. Reincarnated or not, they're built from sturdier stock now. They'll be back on their feet in a few days. Yep, they'll be back to hunting me down in no time at all.

And next time, I probably won't have the Imperfect with me.

Setting the sphere aside, I laid back in my sticks-and moss bed, munching on my rabbit-on-a-stick and drinking in the increased regeneration of [Nature's Child], just in time to get another surprise.


Feat Achieved! — Double Bare Kings (High-Mid-Class)
In a single battle, fight and defeat two peerages until only their Kings remain. On your own. Without getting hit once.
+1 Platinum Gacha Ticket

...
​

More than the surprise of a platinum ticket....

A date with the Satan Leviathan was the same as beating what was essentially a middle-class-devil peerage?

I guess... one is just a single test of charisma, practically a charming smile and a single question, and the other was a whole brass can of whoopass. So, it could be that combat and relationships achievements are 'graded' differently. Then add the 'On your own' and 'Without getting hit once' modifiers and who really knows at that point? I can't tell from where I'm currently standing neither.

"Please let it be a good roll this time." I muttered, despite already knowing it was gonna fall on deaf ears.

The platinum ticket burned away, and....


[Neferpitou] |Epic Familiar|
Hunter x Hunter - As a Chimera Ant Royal Guard, Pitou is an extremely powerful Nen user with a massively superhuman physique and agility as well as incredible mastery over Nen. Alongside her extreme sensory abilities, she possesses the ability to puppeteer corpses to use as minions and summon Doctor Blythe, a potent healing ability that requires her to stand still and lower her guard to restore a target over time. Her trump card allows her to puppeteer her own body to strengthen herself.

...
​

... A cat girl was suddenly in my bed, snuggled up into my side. Fully dressed in blue overcoat and tight orange shorts.

Spoiler: Nerferpitou

She just stared at me, not saying anything. Just big red eyes blinking slowly as cats do. And seeing as things were already awkward for a first meeting/snuggle-in-bed, I took a chance, slowly reached up and stroked the downy-soft, snow-white hair between those cat ears.

"My King," Neferpitou said with a wide, happy and fanged smile, eyes closed and leaning her head up into my palm, "I am unworthy of your touch, but if your humble servant may make a selfish request... Please don't stop nyaa~"

I indulged her, just lightly running my fingers through her scalp. And a literal purr was her response, her chest rumbling against my side. I grinned.

Well, she wasn't a horse that I could ride off into the sunset, but a cat was fine too. Having an extra pair of capable hands and eyeballs was gonna be a big help. And I don't know if it was the good gacha roll, or [Nature's Child] charging me up faster now that I'm lying down near the earth, or the calming effect of having something soft to stroke. But...

... I'm feeling better with my situation already!

Well, I'll still up Four Satans creek without a paddle if this misunderstanding with two heiresses/Satans' little sisters ain't resolved soon. But I just knew that, any hour now, the Satan Leviathan is definitely gonna receive my letter for help!


[Lilith City - Underworld] (Three days later)

Serafall settled her favourite pink monitor headphones over her pink magical girl cap. The recording studio smelled faintly of papers and her cheerful floral perfume. Scripts lay neatly stacked on the table in front of her, and fan mail sat in a pastel basket at her elbow.

She swung the microphone close, tapped it a few times.

Her blue eyes glanced at the studio manager behind the glass. He gave a thumbs up, and Serafall flicked a double thumbs-up with her fingerless black gloves right back at him. The sign lit up a bright red.


ON AIR
​

"And we're back!" She chirped into the microphone. "Magical Girl Levi-tan☆ coming to you live from Hellywood Heights! And you know what time it is~ Time for magical fan correspondence! If you wrote a letter to me, today might be the day your fate is sealed! Ehe~☆!"

She struck a cute pose in her pink magical girl outfit for the benefit of the unseen crowd.

"Let's see what we have today~!"

The microphone caught the soft rustle of paper as she dipped her fingers into the basket and plucked an envelope that felt the most 'right.' Held it high before she looked at what she managed to pick out.

Her smile widened. "Oh! We've got one from a new listener☆! Lev-tan's favourite!"

"Dear Satan Leviathan," she read aloud, then puffed her cheeks and frowned. "Mou~ I keep telling you all to make it out to Magical Girl Levi-tan☆~ Satan Leviathan is so formal!"

She cleared her throat, sliding back to reading. "' Dear Magical Girl Levi-tan☆, I did as directed in your last letter.' Eh☆?" She tilted her head cutely despite it being a radio show, muscle memory now from centuries in front of the camera. "What do you mean I wrote you back? Aren't you a new listener? Ah, you must have very strong delusions! That's good☆! The Underworld needs more creative people like you!"

Serafall laughed lightly into the microphone. A practiced beat to let the listeners absorb her lines. Then her cadence slowed, just a fraction. A soft reset of pace.

"'I believe there's been some manner of misunderstanding as they took one look at my demeanor and now they're all trying to kill me.' Uh… what kind of fan letter is this? 'I eagerly await your prompt reply. Sincerely yours, Mal—' Oh."

"Oh."

- Double Bare Kings of Kuoh End -​

FEATS:

Out on the Ole' Frontier
Cross the barrier between worlds and arrive in the Human World
+1 Bronze Gacha Ticket

How Do You Screw Up an Ecchi Anime Isekai?!
Survive the pre-canon main cast's serious attempt at personally ending your life. Without a scratch.
+1 Gold Gacha Ticket

Double Bare Kings (High-Mid-Class)
In a single battle, fight and defeat two peerages until only their Kings remain. On your own. Without getting hit once.
+1 Platinum Gacha Ticket


...
​

ROLLS:

[Bitch Breaker] |Uncommon Trait| (Bronze Ticket)
Sometimes all a bad attitude needs is a good fucking, you are an expert at correcting attitudes through sex correction.

[Nature's Child] |Rare Trait| (Gold Ticket)
Nature subtly favors you, you tend to find fresh and healthy fruit when you go out for walks, you can grow a garden with minimal care, and animals and beings that are aligned with nature are more favorable toward you. In addition, you recover energy faster the closer you are to nature.

[Neferpitou] |Epic Familiar| (Platinum Ticket)
Hunter x Hunter - As a Chimera Ant Royal Guard, Pitou is an extremely powerful Nen user with a massively superhuman physique and agility as well as incredible mastery over Nen. Alongside her extreme sensory abilities, she possesses the ability to puppeteer corpses to use as minions and summon Doctor Blythe, a potent healing ability that requires her to stand still and lower her guard to restore a target over time. Her trump card allows her to puppeteer her own body to strengthen herself.


This fic's Powerscaling is rescaled... due to canon powerscaling being a mess from Ishibumi changing his mind several times over the course of the LNs. And also to make things neater, physics-wise. Start-of-Canon Rias is no longer casually a mountain-buster powerhouse, Sona's peerage can't go toe-to-toe with Fenris, Trihexa isn't destroying entire galaxies/universes (And winning any DBZ vs battles), and etc.

Chaos Gacha writing note... I found that if I roll one of each tier of tickets before writing a chapter, I can better write the chapter before it. So, I did that: I rolled one up to diamond. And the stuff that I rolled... FINALLY, I rolled some fun stuff! (Edit: You sweet summer child. The gacha trolling hasn't ended.)

Ichabod the Bitchslapper... is an expy of 'The Imperfect' from The Elder Scrolls. Known for being rebuilt and iterated on after being destroyed.

Rias is a bratty weeb with... slight main character syndrome, and Sona is a nerd/dork who is easily swept up by peer pressure if it's from her (few) friends.

By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, kffs, Fayfu and 2,731 others
Infonticus
Feb 11, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch 4 - The Fantastic Political Sh☆tstorm of Magical Girl Levi-tan☆!
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Feb 23, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,846
Chapter 4: The Fantastic Political Sh☆tstorm of Magical Girl Levi-tan☆!


[Occult Research Club Room - Kuoh Academy]

Sona did not know how, but word had somehow reached the Underworld, and the Satans...


"By the direct command of the Four Satans of the Underworld, all hostilities will cease. Effective immediately."
​

... They had sent Grayfia.

Sona froze in her seat on the couch, teacup still steaming in her hands mid-sip by her emergence from that sudden magic circle. Even Rias put down her phone for what seemed like the first time in days.

The light died down, and she stepped forth.

The blood red gaze of the Underworld's strongest Queen and the right hand of the Satan Lucifer settled on them. And even more intimidatingly, Grayfia was in her maid outfit. Her blue, white and frilly outfit stood starkly against Rias' moody clubroom and signifying that she was here on official capacity. And if she was the one dispatched for the task at hand, Sona knew that it meant the Satans had deemed the situation serious enough for everything short of rising from the Underworld to handle it themselves. She especially did not like the tone in her voice when the Grayfia delivered the Four Satans' command. Nor how her pale, slender hands were not folded in front of her, but by her side and straightened as if on the brink of casting magic.

It almost looked like the Underworld's strongest Queen piece arrived ready to enforce compliance. Immediate compliance.

"Onii-sama sent you, Grayfia?" Rias found her voice first, in a casually annoyed tone too. "And what does he mean 'stop fighting?' Does he know what that Nebiros guy did?!"

The silver-haired maid released them from her gaze and scanned the rest of the room, her voice filling the quiet. "Both Rias and Sona bear no signs of any recent harm," she noted aloud, clearly talking to someone through a communication spell. "However, the Nebiros youth is not in attendance."

Rias frowned. "We don't know where—"

"It is good that you are impatient with your answers." Grayfia calmly interrupted her. "As the Satans are similarly impatient for you to surrender all the answers you have to them."

"What do you mean by that, Grayfia?"

The older woman said nothing. And both Sona and Rias could only watch as she closed the curtains over the windows and shut out the bright sunny day outside. Only when all natural light was drowned out did she turn to them.

A snap of her fingers, and all the candelabras lit up.

So did the entire room in fact.

The official sigil of the Satan Leviathan shone like neon lights from the carpeted floor. And from it, Sona witnessed a hologram of her onee-sama shimmer into existence, dressed in her usual fluttering pink magical girl costume. Life-sized and life-like, if not for the faint, off-pink shade coloring her entire body, it was like she was actually in the room with them. Except something was wrong. This time, her normally playful older sister didn't pose or wink or smile or flash her panties. In fact, it looked like they'd caught her in the middle of pacing back and forth.

Brilliant blue eyes immediately locked onto her.

"Sona!"

Her Serafall-onee-sama half-shouted. Not 'Sona-tan' or even 'Sona-chan', just her name. In fact, she has never seen her sister look so... anxious, confused and almost angry, but definitely frustrated. Her older sister's hologram rushed forward, almost to her face, gloved hands reaching for her as if wanting to shake her by the shoulders as she demanded.

"What is happening up there?! Where is he?! Did you kill him?!"

"He attacked Koneko!" Rias blurted out instead, "Of course we were forced to stop him!"

Serafall whipped her head towards Rias so fast that her dark twintails whipped in the air. Pure horror in the Satan's voice. "So you DID kill him?! The first guest from the Lucifer Six that the 72 Pillars had in over five hundred years! We've barely had him over for a WEEK, and now he's dead?! By our own hands?!"

"He's not dead. He got away!" Rias protested, her red eyebrows furrowed on her confused face. "Why are you so concerned by him? He's the one snuck that golem—"

"He snuck a what?!"

"May I suggest..." Grayfia interjected smoothly, her eyes drifting toward the papers spread across the dark wood of the coffee table, "that Miss Sitri provide her full account, rather than this piecemeal presentation of information?"

All eyes in the room immediately went to her, and Sona stiffened on her couch seat, sweating under their stares and stumbling for her words. "I-it's not yet complete! I haven't even finished the first draft, and there's still some inconsistencies—"

But her older sister, as Grayfia said, was impatient.

"Sona, report."

"... Very well," She stood up, fixing the papers as her audience waited. As Student Council President, it was almost routine for her to deliver these kinds of reports actually: administrative reports and event reports among others. The familiarity made it slightly more bearable. Slightly.

As for that night's events, they were easy to enunciate and even easier to follow. Short even.

They received their letters and met together in this very room to combine their intel. Soon after the meeting, the Nebiros heir arrived suddenly, forcing Rias to receive him in this building... wherein he immediately attacked Koneko with a mind spell. Rias attempted to deescalate the situation, but he attempted to misdirect her by pleading ignorance while continuing his attack, forcing her to physically stop him. The golem was then activated, and injured Akeno and Yuuto in between more attempts at deceit. It was at that point when she arrived with her peerage, causing the Nebiros to quit the field, but left the killer golem behind.

"And this brass construct..." Serafall interrupted, her tone unsure, "It managed to beat all of you? At once?"

"It almost did," Sona replied. It stung to admit her own peerage's failure out loud. But it had been their first real life-and-death battle, and the thought of losing someone from her peerage... Thank Satan that they didn't lose anyone. Sona took a deep breath and said, "Tomoe managed to record almost the entire battle, except for the start when it was just Rias."

"Show me."

Nodding, Sona pulled out the blue, marble-like recording crystal where the recording was inscribed into.

Over the coffee table, the magical panel played out the scene. From her peerage's aerial approach to Kuoh Academy where Akeno's lightning flashed for the first time... to the point where Tomoe's leg was broken and recorded the entire battle as she sat against the goal post... and to the slow losing battle of attrition as their peerage members fell under those gargantuan fists, one-by-one. Seeing it played out on a display felt surreal in Sona's opinion, as if it was some kind of action movie with actresses and stunt doubles rather than the life-and-death battle that it really was.

Nevertheless, she could only wait and wince quietly with Rias as the Satan Leviathan watched along. A kaleidoscope of colours flashing over her sister's pale face as if she was really there in the room, rather than watching it from a screen all the way from her office down in the Underworld. The sounds of battle filling Rias' clubroom.


"—dammit! Let's talk this over! Gremory, call off your knight!" ... "Gosh darn cavalry!" ... "Don't let him get away!" ... "Give me time to charge up!" ... "Tactical shift! Interdiction maneuvers! Buy time for Rias now!" ... "AKENO!" ... "No... Tsubaki! Retreat! That's an order!" ... "Don't... underestimate... US!"
​

The recording stopped abruptly just as the effects of Rias' Power of Destruction sundered the brass golem, because Tomoe, the one recording, saw that the battle had been won and promptly lost consciousness.

"Grayfia, send this recording to Ajuka for analysis. Top priority." Serafall quietly spoke up, and the maid picked up the recording crystal between her slender fingers. And with only a brief glow of a teleportation circle, it disappeared from her hand.

"It is done."

"Sona, was that the only copy?"

"I have a backup," She said, fishing the spare crystal from her skirt pocket. "Here."

"Grayfia."

"Yes, my Satan Leviathan." This time, the maid crushed the crystal in her hand. Followed by a flash of lightning then ice then fire that left nothing but very fine sand which she sprinkled in the trash bin in the corner. The only real proof of that night's events was now with the Satan Beelzebub.

Sona supposed that being in the possession of a Satan was as safe as it could be then.

Her Serafall-onee-san looked calmer now, but not by much. More distracted by her thoughts, but still taut. Her pink lips pressed together in a thin line, a curled finger pressed over them, and her blue eyes looking at something far off.

Rias tentatively raised her hand. "Is this a bad time to mention—"

"Yes, it is," Serafall bluntly stated. "Save it for later, Rias."

Sona gulped. No, she was clearly still upset.

"There's more I haven't included in the report, but... everyone's expected to make a full recovery by tomorrow." She decided to conclude on a more optimistic note, fixing her glasses to hide the look of raw relief in her eyes. Thank Satan that reincarnated devils healed just as fast, she didn't think she could bear looking her injured peerage in the eyes for longer after almost leading them to their deaths.

"I'm glad that you two weren't hurt," Serafall finally said with a sigh, "and that neither of you lost anyone from your peerage."

Sona sat back down, deciding not to point out that she didn't look so glad.

"But correct me if I'm wrong," Serafall said, her gaze shifting towards Rias, "The moment he greeted you all, Koneko started screaming. You accused him of being behind it. Then he pleaded his innocence and held back from deploying his super tough construct until after you tried to cut off his head. And even after you tried to kill him, even after the fight had started, he tried to talk some more instead of chasing after the Rook piece that he had been trying to stealthily assassinate with mind-altering magic... right in front of you? If this was an attempt at someone's life, it's the most random, nonsensical attempt I've seen in more than five hundred years!"

"But it totally was him!" Rias insisted, "You should have seen how Koneko-chan reacted; all of it was directed at him from the moment he saw her! This Nebiros guy can't not be behind this!"

"It sounds like you were convinced that it was him even before Koneko reacted!"

"But to be fair, onee-sama..." Sona jumped in to back up her friend. "... Judging by the circumstances surrounding his declinement of his Evil Pieces, we had reason to believe he was harbouring ill-intentions. Every illogical action he took can be explained away once viewed from that lens."

But her Serafall-onee-sama shot her an annoyed look, cheek puffing up in a severe pout. "Mou! That's just a fancier way of saying that you two made way too many assumptions before even meeting him! And even if all that was true and we really did intend to test how you handle a horrible person as a prospective peerage member, that was like twenty-percent of the letter! Did you just ignore the other eighty-percent where we told you that this was really, really important for the Underworld?!"

"Oh..." Sona winced at that, suddenly not feeling so confident.

She hadn't thought of that. In the back of her mind, she had assumed from the beginning that this entire affair with Nebiros Heir was all a test with a single question. And the answer she had written down was: 'The Nebiros Heir was evil and threatened her friend, thus he needed to be stopped.' Except... it's now revealed that it hadn't been a single-question test, and in her haste, she had left all the other questions blank.

Truly a nightmare scenario for her.

In contrast however, Rias, in typical Rias fashion, still wasn't about to back down. The redhead sat on the couch across from her, her arms crossed over her chest as she fearlessly (and annoyedly) staring Satan down. And just like how it was with the Riser betrothal, the answer she arrived at was that her freedom and her peerage were threatened.

And to her, that answer was the only one that mattered.

Damn any other questions.

"Well, everyone from otou-sama said the same thing about my engagement with Riser!" Sona's crimson-haired friend fired back, "He went on and on about how my eventual marriage to Riser was important for the Underworld, how it would change the political landscape with a Gremory-Phenex union, and all that garbage!"

"But this time, it really was that important!" Serafall actually shouted, ripping off her winged magical girl hat to run her fingers frustratedly through her dark hair as she anxiously pacing left and right. "We had a lot counting on this, you know! Argh! This is really bad!"

Sona threw a worried look at Rias.

Because when the Head of Foreign Relations for their entire world (incumbent for the past five hundred years) stamped her feet like a kid in a tantrum and described the situation as 'really bad' because of their actions... Yes, it was time to start getting worried.

"You have no idea what this means for us!" Her older sister paced even faster now, her blue eyes flicking as if seeing the consequences flash in her vision, "Now, the Old Satans Faction are gonna have—! And the Grigori are going to keep—! Urgh! And even if Mal-kun wasn't as brilliant, if word of this gets out the fallout would ruin us! It'll be 1689 all over again! But this time, even Aju-kun and Falbi are going to be super upset over this! A mess enough for Four Satans! We're gonna have this hanging over our heads for the next five hundred years! Maybe longer! In all the negotiations going forward with every lost House thinking of rejoining the 72 Pillars, they're gonna ask us 'Didn't your sisters try to murder the last guy who tried to join your side?'"

"We uh... failed though?" Sona said weakly, and her older sister paused in her pacing just long enough to throw a tired look at her and Rias.

"But you tried, Sona-chan. You two really tried, didn't you?" She said with a sigh, "He's probably run back to his House' lands by now, telling his whole family that no one should ever rejoin the 72 Pillars again."

Sona glanced down to the papers in her hands. "Onee-sama," She hesitantly began, "I wasn't able to include it in my report, but... we've been keeping in contact with him."

Serafall froze, foot mid-step and eyes wide. "Wait, you mean to say that... he's still somewhere in Kuoh Town? And he's still willing to talk?!"

"Yes?"

"Mal-kun, I knew I could count on you!" Her older sister smiled wide in relief, "If we have his cooperation, then... Yes, this could work! How does he contact you?!"

Sona shuffled to the unfinished pages of her papers. "He's been sending local birds that he somehow controls to act as a messenger for recording spells. The first bird, a brown-eared bulbul, arrived at noon after the battle, but it was uh... disposed of before we could talk properly," She glanced over to Rias who had blasted the first bird with her Power of Destruction the moment it began transmitting his voice. "The second bird, a Japanese paradise flycatcher, arrived a few hours after. He said that he would 'give us time to cool down some more before talking.' We are expecting the third bird sometime today."

"Mm, the situation can definitely still be salvaged! We just need a strategy..." Serafall said, pink outfit already swaying as she went back to pacing. "Since no one else has seen the fight or heard the whole story yet, we can still repackage the narrative and prevent a diplomatic disaster! Maybe even outright flip this and look better in the process!"

"You... you can just do that?" Sona muttered incredulously, "After what you said about the Old Satan Faction and the Grigori and everything?"

Her Serafall-onee-sama just winked at her.

"I sure can, Sona-chan☆!" She raised a manicured finger. "First, compensation! We'll need Mal-kun to accept it publicly. So, even if he changes his mind later on for whatever reason, he can't hold it against us since he's already accepted. However we can't just call it compensation, because that would make people ask what we're compensating him for. Instead, we'll make it some kind of bilateral gesture. Maybe a joint thaumaturgical research venture with my and Aju-kun's supervision? We'll find something appropriate. But either way, we'll be able to repackage the apology gift for accidentally almost-murdering him as the start of a cooperative relationship with a Lost House. No one will bat an eye! And even better, this joint venture with Mal-kun will be our foot-in-the-door for a better relationship with House Nebiros down the line!"

The Satan in pink reached the end of the room, turned around sharply, her dark twintails whipped in the air as she paced the other way, another finger raised.

"Second, the political fallout. Even with Mal-kun and his House appeased, rumours over the incident will still irreparably damage our standing. So, we'll need to get ahead of the rumour mill. Denying it would be the amateur move, so we're going to do what the humans call a 'Modified Limited Hangout.' We'll volunteer the information that something went wrong ourselves! But instead of it being a diplomatic blunder ending in an outright attempt on his life, it was a... misunderstanding that was settled through a spar."

"A... spar?" Sona parroted before she could stop herself.

"It was a very enthusiastic spar," Serafall just nodded in agreement. "We'll frame it as proof of the 72 Pillar's strength: Just the new generation of Devils being strong and fit and raring to go☆! It'll be a hit with the Great King faction, and the Angels and the Grigori will just shake their heads. Just Devils being Devils after all, so it shouldn't affect any peace talks either!"

"Then for the final touch, we'll emphasize how swiftly we moved to clarify matters, especially how I'm personally invested in ensuring his safety. Reassert that the Four Satans are committed with the building bridges that were tragically severed in the Civil War five hundred years ago! He's definitely not going to be joining either of your peerages now. So, you don't have to worry about that anymore either!"

Serafall stopped pacing and twirled in place, ending with a cute pose and bright smile aimed at her.

"And just like that, we'll have House Nebiros' expertise on our side, the Lost Houses will still be willing to rejoin, and Devilkind as a whole will even come out of this mess looking slightly better!"

Sona was in awe.

She knew that her older sister was always smarter than she looked. She had to be, seeing as she had been the Satanic Head of Foreign Relations for the past five hundred years. But she'd never seen it demonstrated so vividly. It was like watching a chess grandmaster turn—in a single move—what would have been a game-losing blunder into an advantage; a tactical mastertroke that only the greatest in their craft could pull off. But more than that, it was seeing her older sister fix the mess that she made so elegantly that gave Sona a new appreciation for what she is able to do. And for the first time in a long while, Sona thought to herself.


'My onee-sama is so cool.'
​

Sona hung her head low in apology. "Sorry for doubting you, onee-sama..."

But a holographic hand simply slid beneath her chin and tipped her face upward. And there, her beautiful and capable Serafall-onee-sama stood over her, shining down a brilliant smile.

"You worry too much, Sona-tan☆" she said lightly, "It's very easy to survive a scandal when you're the one deciding how the story gets told! So we're fine, as long as no one else sees the video before we can impart our own spin onto it. That's why even Aju-kun will destroy his copy when he's done with it!"

"You're right, onee-sama. I see what you—"

Then, in the corner of their eyes, Rias tentatively raised her hand, and Serafall smiled graciously. "Right, sorry to keep you waiting. What did you want to ask, Rias-chan?"

"I already posted my copy on the Devilnet."

...

"... what?"

"I posted the video of the fight on my official Devitube account," Rias clarified with a small shrug. "I thought if everyone saw how he's the one who attacked us with his golem, he wouldn't get away with it like Riser does."

"And how long has the video been up?" Serafall's voice came out calm. Very calm.

"I've been doing nothing but argue in the comments for the past three days?" Rias held up her phone, a reply already half typed up. "People keep saying I escalated things, so I've been explaining that he attacked us first—"

Serafall's open palm passed cleanly through Rias' cheek. Her holographic hand shimmered, smile unwavering. "Ah, sorry, Rias. There was a messy bug on your face."

Rias blinked, reaching up to her cheek. "I didn't feel a bug."

"Leviathan-sama..." Grayfia said carefully, but immediately stood ramrod straight as a teleportation circle detonated across the carpet in a blaze of sigils and pink light. The air compressed, demonic power surged...

... And the real Serafall Leviathan stepped forth.

This one could be touched by candlelight, filling the walls with her looming shadows. Long dark twintails swaying behind pink crop top and miniskirt. Sharp icicles formed in every step of her purple-ribboned shoes. Her eyes glowing like frozen blue stars under her pink, winged cap. And her radiant smile, perfect and catastrophic like an upcoming super blizzard.

"It's okay~" She chirped. "Let Magical Girl Levi-tan get that for you. Just... hold still, Rias-chan☆"

!

There was a blur of movement. And suddenly, a shockwave of frigid air blasted over them and the sound of wood breaking echoed in the room.

Only then did Sona's eyes catch up.

Grayfia had caught the Satan mid-charge, locking both arms around Serafall's torso. "Leviathan-sama, calm down! Calm down!" the silver-haired maid shouted, torn carpet and shattered wooden floorboard under foot as she struggled to hold Satan at bay.

"ZEOTICUS!" Serafall howled, arms outstretched and fingers still reaching for Rias' neck. "Unimpregnate Venelena with Rias right now! Stuff her back in and try again!"

Rias' mouth fell open. Sona made a small choking sound.

The Right Hand of the Satan Lucifer struggled as she tightened her grip. "Leviathan-sama, that is not how biology works!"

"IT WILL AFTER I'M DONE!"

She surged again, and another shockwave, shattering the glass displays. It looked like she almost slipped out of Grayfia's grasp that time.

A teleportation circle ignited again, this time the blue of Grayfia's House Lucifurge, shining urgently beneath the heels of the two grappling Satan-class Devils. The sigils spun faster this time. And with a flash of light, the Satan was banished howling and screaming back to the Underworld.

Silence collapsed into the ruined clubroom, and the remaining candle flames trembled.

Sona, body still curled in a fetal position on the couch and her jaw still locked open in a silent horrified shriek, turned towards her friend who was staring confused at the empty, still frosting space where a furious Satanic sovereign had just been forcibly removed from the premises, as if trying to comprehend that this, perhaps in some strange hypothetical universe and as inconceivable as it sounded, could have somehow NOT been Riser's or the Nebiros heir's fault, but her fault.

They stayed like that, quietly staring—Sona at Rias and Rias at the lightly frozen carpet—for a few long minutes, the walnut-wood clock ticking away, until finally, those blue eyes widened imperceptibly.

"Oh..." she said quietly. "Oh."

Understanding had, at last, arrived at Rias Station.


(Meanwhile) [Woods near Kuoh Town]

Neferpitou's ears flicked at the curious sound that came echoing through the forest, sounding like it came from that place.

With that strange sound came a strange feeling, a burst of someone's presence rolled through the treeline and spilled over the hill like a cold, creeping mist. The unmistakable tremor of a power so vast and dense that she could almost feel it with her En. It was enough to send every strand of white fur on her tail puffing up. And only when she was certain, absolutely certain, that the source was beyond her area of concern, did she lower it.

There would be time for omens and distant threats; for now, something came first. Always came first.

And that was her King, Malal Nebiros.

"Great job, Neferpitou!" He smiled at her, pushing aside a low-hanging branch. "We'll eat well tonight!"

"It was nothing, my King." She replied, her eyes shifted to the brown deer slung paralyzed over his shoulder. It was such pitiful prey, so slow and so... boring. She deserved no praise for such a catch. But despite her words, her King's hand still found and stroked that spot on her head, between her ears, that made her bones loosen and her chest rumble in a rolling purr.

Warm.

Her King was warm. It was the only word to describe his presence and his touch. Warm like her egg before she emerged from it. Warm like the seconds after waking up from a restful nap. Warm like the golden rays of sunlight streamed down through the thick forest canopy at that very moment. Warm like... she couldn't think of more examples, and even those that she could think of paled in comparison to what the feeling truly felt like.

And she had experienced much of the world.

Her nose twitched, and she smelled a thousand different scents from a thousand different pitiful prey. Hopping, prancing, stalking and burrowing all around them. All drifting through and mixing with the thousand scents of leaves, flowers, bark, soil and clear forest air.

Her ears turned, and she heard the rustle of every leaf and the creak of every branch. She heard the singing chirps of every bird and the furtive footsteps of every landborne prey. The rumbling thunder of humans and their machines echoing in the distance.

Her En filled the space, aura flooding the forest to the point that it was like she was brushing her fingertips across every surface. The sharp beaks of the five chicks in that nest high in the tree overhead. The coarse fur of that shrew snacking on a beetle under a thorny bush. The smooth surface of the twenty-six ripe berries at the other side of the hill.

But in that cacophony, one thing centred her world and calmed her mind. The figure in black whose side she vowed to never leave.

Her King.

She kept close, always close. And always keeping her head of white hair within arms' reach of her King. It was presumptuous of her to expect to be blessed by his touch even if she offered. And her face still burned with shame at having been so impertinent as to request headpats from her King the first time they met. But... her King seemed like he derived joy from the act too, so there is no shame if she offered him something they both enjoy, yes?

And just as she had planned— hoped, his hand patted her head again, and she almost missed a step as that delightful shiver ran up and down her entire body a dozen times in a single breath.

"So, how're you feeling?" He asked lightly, "Gotten used to this world yet?"

"Mrr~rrrm." Neferpitou purred at his touch again, his fingertips tracing her scalp in ways that made her want to cry out. "A-apologies, my King, my Nen is still feeling sluggish. But it has far improved from days ago."

The consequences of her dying in service of her old King. But he was of no concern to her now, for she had been granted a chance to serve again. This time, under a new King. He graciously offered an answer to the question of what happened to her old King. She had accepted. The first King, who she had served and failed to protect, had evidently perished to poison. The revelation of her old King's passing evoked as much feeling in her as it did for on the Queen's death: Nothing at all.

They had fulfilled their purpose; she, however, still had to fulfill hers.

"Well, take your time, Pitou," He spared a glance at her, and smiled. "but remember, we might need your strength soon."

"Mrr~ Yes, my King."

And as her King pushed past another branch, it happened. She felt it with her En. A spider, black and yellow-spotted and almost as large as her hand, crept up on the deer's brown coat and threatened to land on her King's dark hat. But with a careful (so as to not bother her king) pulse of her Ren and it curled into a ball, instantly dead from terror, and fell to the forest floor without ever laying a leg on her King.

She made sure to crush its corpse underfoot for its impudence too.

Yes... Her King was young and vulnerable, far from the zenith of his abilities. And though she may not be a Chimera Ant Royal Guard anymore, she was still called upon to protect her King from any and all inconveniences, big or small. It was simply her duty as his... Chimera Ant 'Familiar.' The word was still new to her, but when her King told her of that title, it was like she could feel it to be the truth in her chest. Familiar... It felt closer and warmer than 'Royal Guard', and so were her duties.

Her old King was far more aloof.

Due to her uniquely expansive En, she could sense almost everything within a two-kilometre radius, and that meant that her old King often relegated her to solitary watch duty for days on end. She did not balk at the task, but it had admittedly been pretty boring. In contrast, her young King had little need for that: He told her that he had very good vision, maybe even better than her En. And with time, he will surpass it. Instead, he encouraged the other expressions of her Nen like her Doctor Blythe and her Puppeteering. And more importantly... to personally accompany him wherever he went.

She found that she enjoyed these duties as his 'Familiar' so much more.

She hunted with him, sat with him, ate with him and even slept in the same bed as him! All of them incredible privileges that no Chimera Ant Royal Guard was ever afforded!

And speaking of beds...

The trees thinned as they broke from the black lattice of branches and into the small clearing. The squat log cabin crouched low, looking half-sunk into the forest floor like some big brown bear curled up in the greenery. Faint smoke trailed from the chimney, carrying with it the fragrant scent of burning wood and roasting flesh of prey from earlier hunts. Still some time before they were smoked to perfection.

"Home out on the range..." her King said with a smile. Their home. He shifted the weight of the kill over his shoulder and smiled at her again, "Pitou, dress this critter while I roast us up a snack?"

"At once, my King!"

Accepting the prey, she leapt ahead of him, tail high. The door groaned open, and she stepped into the warmth. It was not the same warmth as her King's of course. No, this was just ordinary heat emanated from the hearth, a 'magic circle' inscribed on a bronze ingot to warm the interior without fire. She hurried past the walls crowded with bronze tools, and past the pelts of past hunts that hung proudly... And straight to her bronze operating table which her King generously dedicated for her practice.

With an excited smile, she laid the paralyzed deer on it. Then... she focused her Nen, and from her tail, a familiar form took shape, barely fitting in the small cabin.

Doctor Blythe

A hunched over figure larger than herself. Its plum-haired human head inflated to almost the same size as the deer it loomed over. And from its abdomen, a door swung open, and dozens of thin metal tendrils snaked out, each tipped with tools needed for the operation: forceps, scalpels, scissors and clamps of all types and sizes. All of them hovering over the deer like coiled snakes as Neferpitou's red eyes stared unblinkingly at the deer.

Then the clock on the wall ticked once, and the tools shot forth.

Incisions made, torso opened, entrails removed and sorted into bronze buckets, hide pulled off its body, and finally... the life left its eyes right before she removed those too.

Time!

She didn't need to glance at the clock on the wall. Twelve ticks of the clock, she heard. Twelve was a fair time, but she knew she could go faster. She only needed to regain her full strength. So, it was beyond considerate of her King to lend her his venom so that she may practice on live prey. Having worked her way from mere rats to deer over the last few days, but... Most of all, as she stuffed the disassembled prey parts in their respective coolers, she couldn't help but feel excited at the prospect of practicing on humans again. Once her King deems her fit for the task at least. So, she must be ready.

Next time, this was going to be a human on this table. She could already tell!

Task done, Neferpitou dispelled Doctor Blythe, and she flicked her white tail to shake off the feeling... Only to discover the feeling lingered.

Oh right.

She glanced over to the other side of the cabin where that 'Ichabod' thing stared at her unblinkingly from its perch on a workbench. A tall-headed bronze skeleton with half-assembled metal innards. It was her King's toy, she understood, just like the meat puppets that she used to assemble in her old world. But still, it made her wary, the way its glowing yellow eyes followed her every movement in the cabin. But she paid it no mind, because the Ichabod thing was going to stay there alone, while she...

Her King turned around just as she exited the cabin, sitting on the bench in front of the small grill. Skewers of seafood rested under the warm sunny day but over the crackling flames. A fragrance emanating from the wood which her King had specially selected for its ability to impart flavour onto the flesh.

"Done already? That was even faster than last time!" He laughed.

Neferpitou humbly bowed her head to him. "It was only a modest improvement of a few seconds, My King."

"Well, you sure are getting better at it every day!" He looked up at the sun that was rising high in a blue sky, barely visible through the leafy canopy. He fixed his hat. "Reckon we might need to cut our snacktime short today, it's almost time to send a bird again."

"My Nen is ready, my King," She immediately knelt on one knee before him, head bowed, "At your word, I'll puppet the bird to that place, and this time, it will not be struck by that Emission ability— I mean, that Power of Destruction magic. I swear it!"

"You're still beating yourself up over that?" He laughed, guiding her to sit down with him, where he ran his fingers through her hair again. "Silly cat, still so stiff. C'mere and sit with me for a sec."

"Mrr~rrrm... Okay..."

Sitting with her King... she dare not disobey the order, and that is even if she didn't already enjoy every second of sitting with him. She quietly hoped that he would forgive her, but she sat down on the bench just slightly closer than proper, her white hair almost brushing against him, hoping that some of her scent would cling to him.

He picked a skewered fish from the grill, held it up to her. The crispy browned skin sighing with a savoury fragrance with every soft crackle.

"You wanna try the mackerel this time?"

"Mhrrm!" She murmured, though the fish was already in her hand (and in her mouth) before she knew it, her fangs already torn off almost a quarter of the fish. She swallowed the delicious morsel before sheepishly bowing her head in gratitude. "Ah, forgive my rudeness, but... thank you, my King."

"Please! Dig in!"

She looked up at him and blinked slowly.

It had become their ritual of sorts after their dawn hunt, settling down by the fire for a mid-morning snack. Just a Chimera Ant in blue, and her 'Devil' King in black, sitting side by side in front of a fire.

And in front of this same fireplace, on their first day together, he told her about this strange new world. They talked endlessly then, here in front of the fire. And though her ignorance was limitless and her questions without end, her King in his infinite majesty patiently answered them all. Though she still wished she had thought to ask if angel brains were the tastiest part of their bodies like it was with humans. Nevertheless, she had thought that it would be the end of it. That he'd send her off to watch duties. But the following day, he still sat her down with her, still ate with her and still conversed with her. He even confided to her a place close to her King's heart. A place called Nebiros Valley.

She... She was still not used to being so close with her King. But she was beyond grateful all the same.

"I always wanted a cat, you see. All my life in fact." He said so casually in between bites of his own skewered fish. "Couldn't believe that I got the best one of them all. And her name's Neferpitou!"

"I-I am undeserving of your praise, my King!" She bowed her head low in subservience, trying to maintain her composure after being told that he'd been waiting his whole life for her.

But even then, his palm gently found the top of her head. Warm.

" 'Course, Mom wouldn't hear any of it back then! 'Don't need them felines none to keep my house clean,' she said. She trusted her centipedes, red things as long as your forearm, to keep the house free of the vermin. They'd crawl around in the walls, and when one of those rats or possums scampers inside, they'd pop out in a skittering flood, then they'd paralyze with venom and eat it alive. Or—and don't tell her I told you this—if mom's feeling peckish, she'll scoop it up and eat it herself. But only when she thinks that no one is lookin'! She prides herself in her cooking lots, you see. But I reckon that she loves the taste of raw flesh and struggling prey."

"Mrrrm, the Queen sounds like a Queen. But your humble servant understands the appeal."

It was apparently the correct answer, because under the brim of his black hat, her King graced her with a bright smile.

"See? I bet you two will get along swell! You even got those segments too!" He patted her leg, just below her orange shorts where her thigh met her knee, "You'll fit right in with everyone at home! Here, lemme show you what I mean..."

And from his dark suit jacket, he pulled out one of those photographs.

It looked like an average chimera ant hunting squad. Five of them: A male rooster chimera ant, a female centipede chimera ant, and two smaller female ones with spade-tails. Her King looked out of place in his nest with his wings hidden. Except, they weren't chimera ants. They must also be 'Devils' like her Young King, and this was his... Yes, the humans of her old world had a name for these small nests of less than fifty members.

"Here's the family!"

Family... It was a strange word, but it was easy to see that these beings were precious to her King. She could hear it in his voice, see it in his smile. And Neferpitou couldn't help but smile along with her King. After all, his pleasure was her pleasure, and his joy was her joy. And yet, never could she have imagined, never could she have dared to assume...

"See that?" He pointed at the centipede chimera ant's many legs, "Now that you're here, I bet mom'll be pleased as punch to have someone else in the family who's got them too!"

... Never could she have ever hoped that her King would ever consider her to be a part of that 'family.'

Was this... how Shaiapouf felt? Her fellow Royal Guard had always been swept up with emotion over their old King, always flitting around with his butterfly wings and playing his sombre melodies on his violin. Always weeping and always overthinking the simple things. She wondered if it was because, out of all the Royal Guard, Shaiapouf was the one who spent the most time in their old King's presence. But... she believed that she understood him now.

"Something a matter, Pitou?" Her King asked, his eyes looking straight into hers.

"Hrr~rrm?"

"You're crying."

She reached up, found wetness trailing down her cheeks, "It appears I am, my King. I apologise for the unseemly display, but it is simply because I am overjoyed to be able to serve you and your family."

"Nonsense! You're part of the family now!" He guffawed, wrapping an arm around her, and pulling her flush against his warmth. And pulling out his handkerchief, her King wiped her tears away himself. Treating her as if she was as precious as his own...

Family.

She was not worthy of this happiness, of this family. Yes, she understood now.

No one was worthy.

Humans. In this world. In all these worlds. They didn't deserve this joy, they didn't deserve families. They didn't deserve anything except what her King would grant them. And what role her King deigned to grant to these humans was not as sustenance as her old Queen and old King had wished, but as beasts of burden, cultivating an endless plantation that spanned the breadth between stars. Tending to plant and fruit till their last breaths. The greatest honour in their worthless human lives was to fill her King's plate with the fruit borne of their whole lives' toil.

Then... somewhere inside the cabin. A clock chimed its bell.

It was time.

"Well, let's get this show on the road, Pitou," Her King brought up the bronze bird cage. A small blue bird perched in the center. He nodded to her. "Got the magic circle installed. You ready with your Nen ability?"

She smiled back. "Always, my King."

And with a soft 'pfft,' he spat a fine mist of his paralyzing venom at the bird, which immediately froze stiff on its metal perch.

Gingerly, Neferpitou opened the cage and held the bird in her hands before carefully tossing it in the air to let it fly 'free.' Wings flapping under the direction of her Puppeteer, carrying its small blue shape through the green canopy, into the sky and out into that place called 'Kuoh Academy' where it will deliver her King's terms.

Yes... just like that bird, all the world existed only to be under her King's pleasure. It all belonged to him.

"Well, it's up to them now." He fixed his black hat, "Let's get this place tidied up for tomorrow."

"Yes, my King."

And one day, when all the humans were in the fields caring for his plants, when her king has feasted on the brains of the last angel in the ruins of the nest called 'Heaven', when the last of those pretender-kings with their 'Evil Pieces' bow before him, when he alone rules as the supreme King of all cosmos... She would—if her King allowed it—request a boon from him to grant her deepest desire.

And in her heart, Neferpitou knew vividly what it was: She wanted to roam the fields and the prairies of Nebiros Valley nest with her King, to meet the rest of his— their family, to hunt with him at dawn, to sit down with him by the fire, and to talk over fish.

Just a devil and his cat familiar.


"To whoever it may concern,

I rode into these ningen lands under the Satan Leviathan's direction and recommendation of a peerage I may join, but instead, I found steel swung at my neck. But, no sense arguing smoke when the gun's already fired. If you're looking to talk instead of trade shots, I'm willing.

I've been hiding out in the nature reserve Northwest of Kuoh Town. Tomorrow noon, just a few hundred yards straight west from that deer monument, you'll find my camp, and maybe we can work all of this out. You bring no more than three souls, and I'll do the same. If you ain't there by noon, I'll assume that you're not willing to do any talking. And don't you worry, I'll know if this bird was received.

I ain't no enemy of the Four Satans.

Sincerely,
Malal Nebiros"

...

"Did you get all that, onee-sama?"

"Yeah... I know what I have to do. I don't like it, but..."


(The day after) [Woods near Kuoh Town]

My catgirl familiar and I were just sharing a hot stew when she suddenly perked up in alarm, her white tail puffed up and her blood red eyes wide and staring through the woods.

"My King! There's—"

"I see her, Pitou." I calmly confirmed, my [Byakugan] already active and looking through the quarter of a mile of dense forest to find the target: A magical girl in a cutesy pink croptop, miniskirt and winged cap outfit. She'd skipped right over the nature-reserve fence that neatly demarcated our neck of the woods from the rest of Kuoh Town. And now, she was walking straight towards us.

"You recognise her, my King?"

"That's Serafall Leviathan, one of the Four Satans of the Underworld." I explained to my familiar as I fixed my black suit to look presentable to a head of state, "Looks like she finally got my letter, and there's no way she didn't stop by Kuoh Academy, so she must have heard the bird recording too. But... I didn't think she'd come here personally though, and I still ain't sure if that's a good or a bad sign."

"Satan..." Neferpitou echoed, her white brows furrowing, "She is one of the strongest in the world?"

"With her standing here right now? Yes," I said, putting away the bronze pot with the stew, "Remember that ningen country in your old world where you puppetted the leader?"

"Hrrm, the Republic of West Gorteau? Led by the huma— ningen Ming Jol-ik?"

"That'll be the one." I nodded in my black cowboy hat, "Well, in one move, Serafall could freeze the entire country of West Gorteau from coast to coast. Every mountain, every plain, every forest and every village. All of it covered in a swirling hellscape of snow and ice."

"... This world is formidable, my King."

"That's a Satan for you," I said with a knowing sigh. The power ceiling of Highschool DxD was considerably high.

"Mrrm, one of the Kings of my King's world... Satan. Satan." The snowy-haired catgirl repeated, as if tasting the word as it rolled off her tongue. She tended to do that when learning a new word or gaining a new perspective on an old one. The Chaos Gacha hadn't been kind enough to give her the cliff notes for this universe; so, it's been up to me to bring her up to speed. Neferpitou was quick on the uptake at least, soaking up everything that I've taught her so far like a sponge. [King of All Trades] with its teaching/tutoring skill came in handy for that.

Funny enough, despite how smart Neferpitou was, she's still the brawns between the two of us. And speaking of which...

"Pitou," I called her attention, "If things get violent, I'm gonna need you to carry me out of here. There's no winning against her, and you're the faster one out of the two of us."

"I will not fail you, my King!"

"I'm gonna have to tell you to hide inside the cabin too."

"But it'll take more time to reach you!" She protested, her blood red eyes glancing in the direction of the oncoming Satan. And Pitou's voice lowered to a worried whisper, "Against someone like her... I fear that I may not be fast enough, my King."

"You'll have to do it anyway." I shook my head. "I'm gonna be staring down some mighty awkward questions if I have to explain how I got a white-haired catgirl the day after I made the other white-haired catgirl lose her damned mind."

"... I understand. I will give it my all."

My hand met her head, gently stroking the downy-soft hair. "I trust in you. But besides, it's only for the worst case scenario. If we're really lucky, we might just celebrate after this. But be sure to keep your eyes peeled, just in case I give the signal if it's time to hightail it out of here. Now scoot! She's almost here!"

"Mrrm!" My catgirl nodded, before disappearing in a blur of movement. The wooden cabin door swinging shut as if pulled by a ghost, leaving me alone in the clearing in front of it.

I stood my ground, steady in my boots.

Just a devil in black waiting for Satan herself to arrive.

And eventually, the Satan did emerged from the woods, her figure in pink and white immediately standing out, from endless brown trunks and the greenery.

We met eyes just as she did, and we both nodded in acknowledgement. The negotiation skill, courtesy of [King of All Trades], pointed out that this was always the hardest part of every negotiation: the beginning where neither party knew where the other stood, nor what kind of cards they likely had up their sleeves.

Dried leaves crackling under her every footstep as she approached me wordlessly, looking less than pleased. Her expression was serious enough that I was about to give the signal to Neferpitou to get me the hell out of here when...

"I deeply apologize for the actions of Rias Gremory and Sona Sitri!" Serafall, the Satan Leviathan, announced without preamble, bowing at the waist. And without lifting her face, she continued. "You were invited under my official seal. And under that seal, you were nearly killed. And that was wholly unacceptable! I humbly ask for you to forgive my grave error!"

This was... far, far from what I expected.

I had anticipated Rias or Sona coming, anticipated a deflection, or maybe a noncommittal apology from them. But a real apology from the Satan Leviathan?! This was completely and utterly unexpected! [King of All Trades]—couldn't even tell which skill was speaking up—told me that I was missing something. That I was, by one reason or another, somehow on the stronger side of the negotiating/bargaining table. That I had the advantage... over someone like Serafall Leviathan!

A small voice whispered from the back of my mind.

And I gulped down a lump in my throat. Because that voice sounded like my mother. Specifically, my mother during that one night when she practically hammered into my skull exactly how to treat women in this kind of situation:


Show her absolutely no mercy.
​

Flashes of the strongest female Devil in the Underworld screaming and moaning and bucking her hips. Dark twintails wrapped around my fists as handholds. Pale breasts and tired expression stained white. Thick thighs spread open, pink trembling. Voice begging me for more—

No.

That ain't the time, chief. Not right now.

Just because I was trying to live up to being the best devil Satan ever let draw breath, didn't mean I had to be one that couldn't think past the next five seconds. Just because I got an advantage, didn't mean that I had to slam 'em on the table right then and there. After all, a devil who spurs too quick ends up riding lame! No, what I ought to do— What I ought to be... is as sharp as great-grandpapi Zaorama as dad always said! Now, truth be told, I wasn't sure exactly in what way great-gramps was smart, but neither was dad or anyone else in Nebiros Town. But he was a clever devil alright! And very smart. Of that, everyone was sure of. Gramps wouldn't have had a monument of him erected in the center of town if he wasn't!

So, if I was gonna claim a Satan as my cumdump, it wasn't gonna be by this dumb luck, 'the Will of God Almighty' hooey! No, it's gonna be through the proper Devil way: By Force. By force of will, force of personality, and by pure brute force.

Just as Satan intended!

"Listen... we're both devils of the Underworld, Miss Leviathan." I began, my eyes still on the girl who was still bowing quietly, "I won't ring the bell on treachery, but I won't go so far as to brush it off as an honest, nothing mistake neither. So, let's call it for what it was: A meeting that went wrong and near cost me my life. Now, I'm willing to look past mistakes, a whole pile of them even! But you gotta help me with it."

Magical girl in the fluttering pink straightened, a thoughtful look in her blue eyes. She smiled.

"Thanks, Mal-kun. I'm… glad Rias was wrong about you," she half-laughed in relief, and only then did I see how tired and haggard this Satan looked. Her clothes looking more wrinkled, her hair less shiny and her posture less... lively. "And you know you can call me Serafall, right? Or Levi-tan☆ if you prefer!"

But somehow, that still sounded genuinely cheerful.

"Alright, Serafall," I gestured to the benches at the fire, "how do we go about setting this right?"

We both sat down.

"Before we go any further, you're aware she posted a video of the fight, right? She's been dragging your name through the mud for days. Claims you instigated it."

"First time I've heard of it." I shrugged, unbothered. "But... Is this going to hurt my chances with getting access to tomes and grimoires? I don't care much about public relations, but it did open doors. Doors to private libraries to be specific."

She blinked her blue eyes. "That's what you're concerned about?"

"I don't mind being the villain in her version of the story." I replied with a shrug. "Like I've said before, I'm not chasing fame or fortune; achievements are what matters to me."

"That's quite the—" She stopped mid-sentence, eyes narrowing slightly. "Wait. Say that first part again."

"I don't mind being the villain in her version of the story."

Serafall's blue eyes looked past me for a moment, calculating as if numbers were written on the trees around us. Then she said, almost muttering to herself. "If I'm being honest, I've taken the brunt of Rias's stunt. The rumours and the whispers and the potential loss of credibility...it's mostly fallen to me to fix it. And she's definitely made it difficult☆. However..."

The light shone in her blue eyes as she looked at me,

"If you're willing to go that far for me, you can help me fix this all in one move. Yes, I know we already owe you a considerable amount of compensation, but if you help me clean up this mess… I'd be willing to increase that compensation. I'm going to need Sirzechs-chan's approval for this and maybe Zeoticus' as well, but... how would you like to have two Satans in your debt? And get back at Rias in one fell swoop☆?"

I met her stare without hesitation. "I'm listening."


(Later) [Kuoh Academy]

The teleportation circle dimmed beneath my boots in pink light as their purpose, delivering me here, was fulfilled. The geometric sigils of the Satan Leviathan turning on the floor, slowing before completely disappearing. And for the first time in my life, I set foot inside the Occult Research Club, in all its dark, moody glory.

The air smelled like someone spilled a pot of tea on old paper.

On one side of the coffee table, seven girls including Sona Sitri herself, stiffened at my appearance. And on the other side, the crimson-haired king of the club froze mid-motion. Her mouth parted. For a single second, Rias Gremory looked entirely unprepared in her Kuoh Academy uniform. Then she surged to her feet, her arm snapping up, finger leveled at me like a drawn blade.

"Why is he here?!" she demanded.

Beside me, the Satan Leviathan stepped forth in her pink magical girl garb, looking reenergised as if drawing strength from Rias' outrage like a flower under the sun. She raised one hand with airy composure like gesturing a reporter to quiet down rather than reigniting a political landmine.

"A formal investigation is currently underway," Serafall said lightly, her detached though carrying a faint breath of smugness. "Mal-kun's Evil Pieces—previously approved for issuance—are now officially on hold. And until the investigation concludes, he will be confined within the borders of Kuoh Town. Unless personally escorted, of course."

Rias' glare sharpened.

"And as for your question," Serafall continued, her smile never faltering. "He has come to formally issue you a challenge. An unofficial Rating Game. To be enacted once his Evil Pieces are granted."

"What?!" Rias' voice almost cracked form shock. "What for?! You just said he's under investigation!"

"It does not concern the incident in question," Serafall replied smoothly, though just a bit too happily seeing Rias' furious reactions. "The inquiry pertains to your public remarks on DeviTube. Slander or Libel. Whichever term best fits the situation. Regardless, it has escalated into an official dispute between House Gremory and House Nebiros. As Satanic Head of Foreign Relations… this matter is beyond my jurisdiction. Though I have informed Zeoticus and Sirzechs-chan, not that any of them can or would stop this match. Not when it's perfectly legitimate."

Silence spread outward.

"Howdy," I tipped my black cowboy hat at her. "I came here with peaceful intentions. But somehow, I ended up cast as the outlaw."

Rias' blue eyes flashed angrily. "Because you are one!" she snapped. "You're the one who attacked Koneko and dragged everyone into this mess!"

I nodded slowly, conceding a minor point in a debate I had already lost days ago. "Well," I said quietly, "that's exactly why I'm here: if you're dead set on painting me as the bandit… I suppose I'll accept the part. And if I'm the bandit,then I may as well make off like one."

"What... are you talking about?"

Serafall's expression did not change. "If he loses, he'll plead no contest to the investigations and compensate House Gremory an amount commensurate to the emotional distress caused," she said, right before her eyes glossed over Yuuto and Akeno. her voice curling to an almost teasing threat. "But if he wins..."

I stopped at the center of the room, smiled at the poor crimson-haired girl. "... If I win, I'll be getting myself one of your peerage members. To be chosen at my leisure."

The air went dead, quiet enough to hear the candeflames flicker... then the shouting began.

The Fantastic Political Sh☆tstorm of Magical Girl Levi-tan☆! End ​

FEAT:

—

ROLLS:

—


We have been clowned on... by the dice. The six dice options were 1) Rias's Peerage, 2) Sona's Peerage, 3) Seekvaira's Peerage, 4) Other Peerages (Sairaog's/Roygun's/even Serafall's peerage though this would have been much delayed), 5) Start his own Peerage, and 6) Independent. As you have probably read, we landed on 'Independent' or 'No Peerage.' (I was hoping for Mal to join or have Rias/Sona trade him to Seek's peerage to be honest due to the Gundam angle). So, that's 20k-30k words of building up joining a peerage straight down the drain. I almost disregarded the dice roll for this, but I'll stick to my guns and the rules of the exercises.

I know. It's super unrealistic for Rias to... post her L's online. No one does that IRL. People don't just post videos of themselves committing crimes on their social media for internet sympathy points, and they definitely wouldn't post any classified military/government documents. /s Lolololol.

This entire fic should be renamed into... "The Older/Younger Sibling Experience"
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Fayfu, Dacraun and 2,695 others
Infonticus
Feb 23, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch 5 - Rias Gremory's Number One Hater
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Mar 29, 2026
Add bookmark
#2,739
Chapter 5: Rias Gremory's Number One Hater


[Occult Research Clubroom - Kuoh Academy]


"—And up next, for your midnight news, the Gremory-Nebiros incident: Youthful rambunctiousness or old wounds resurfacing? Right after these commercial messages!"
​

"I'm done," Rias announced, slapping down the Japanese literature homework onto the dark wood coffee table.

Her pen, she all but tossed aside in favor of her phone. However, she growled impatiently as advertisements flashed on her screen, keeping her from what she wanted to see: the midnight news, one of the Underworld's most popular 'morning' TV programs. It wasn't her usual watch—she was almost strictly a Devitube user while this was more her parents' type of show—but she couldn't NOT watch something that talked about her current situation, even if it did grate on her nerves. All this talk of 'misunderstandings' and 'old wounds.' She found it unbelievable that there was even a question about what happened that night, right in this very building, against her friends!

Paper rustled.

"Let me see..." Sona's whisper drifted through her candlelit clubroom.

In contrast to her, Sona didn't look any worse than usual as she sat across from her. Well-rested violet eyes behind violet-rimmed glasses scanned the homework she'd slapped down. And also unlike her, it looked like her friend even had the spare time to memorize the correct test answers too. Not an answer key in sight as Sona's pen glided down the paper, leaving red checks on every item.

"Perfect score. Good work," Sona nodded to her. "You won't get trouble for any absences incurred now."

"Great, now I can be anywhere except the place I actually want to be."

There were always times when they'd have to go to attend another boring social event in the Underworld on a school day, just the inevitable overlap between schoolwork and Devil duties. But they've thankfully managed it through Sona administering and grading their own schoolwork in advance. So far, no one—school staff included—has dared to question the integrity of the Student Council President; even Rias implicitly knew that Sona would sooner restart the Great War before she allowed anyone to cheat on a test.

Rias settled back into the dark leather couch with her phone, and scoffed. "If only otou-sama believed in me as much as the teachers do in you, I wouldn't even need to take all these absences in the first place."

"There are worse things than having to attend remedial etiquette classes in your family's own castle, Rias."

"Maybe on its own, it's not," She replied, not looking away from her glaring contest with the advertisements, "But I know it's just an excuse to keep a closer eye on me. They've already locked me out of my Devitube account, and they definitely won't let me browse while remedial etiquette is going on. I have a feeling that this might be my last chance to see the news myself, instead of hearing it second hand."

Sona's eyes went to the phone in her hand, and she sighed. "But you know that it will only upset you more, right?" She spoke gently, "Maybe it would help you more if you kept it out of your mind, and just enjoyed your time with Milicas, Venelana-oba-san and everyone else. Spending time with family always helps."

"My peerage is part of my family." Rias growled.

"Sorry, I could have worded that better..." Sona murmured. "But just know that Serafall-onee-sama is doing her best to set all this right."

"She can start by throwing that Nebiros bastard in the deepest, darkest jail in the Underworld!" Rias huffed, but before she could go on a fresh tirade about how much she was coming to hate the guy...


"And welcome back to 'Good Midnight Lucifaad!' "
​

... the ads finished playing.

Rias leaned in close, almost pressing her nose against her phone screen, but a blue light suddenly lit up the room. She looked up to see a magic circle spin in Sona's palm for a moment before winking away, the light relocating from her friend's palm to the far wall where a floating screen expanded, taking up the entire wall like a magical home theatre.

Sona quietly raised a dark eyebrow at her, and Rias looked away embarrassed.

"I-I just haven't gotten around to working on that spell, okay?"

"It's alright," her friend stood up, "Would you like some tea?"

"I'd appreciate it..." She muttered, turning her attention to the new widescreen. There, some smiling devil in a grey suit sat in one of those cheerful studio sets. Beside him, his blonde co-host in a tight orange dress smiled with him. Their leathery wings spread out behind them as they looked directly at the camera.


"Tonight's top story: the Gremory-Nebiros Incident. Youthful rambunctiousness, or old wounds resurfacing? We take a closer look!"

"Oh, but what's there left to talk about?! If you want explanations, you've got every possible and some impossible one down in the comments section of Miss Gremory's Devitube video! Half of the people there are all forensic analysts, while the other half are experts in inter-House law!"

"Hey, we've all been that person; we've all argued in the comments section from time to time. Even that controversial ruling for that Abbadon-Belphegor Rating Game a few months back is still a hot topic today! Devils just love a good debate! But what I'm talking about are actual answers, not the conclusions of armchair analysts. And I can tell you all now, real answers are what we're about to get! Because our palace sources have recently confirmed that the Office of the Satan Leviathan has just stamped a formal inquiry into the incident. Yes, that is indeed a Satan-approved 'who-really-started-it' commission! So if I was a betting devil, I'd start making polite wagers now. Because if a whole investigating commission wasn't enough, our sources also say that the one overseeing the entire operation is one of Her Lady Serafall Leviathan's top men as well."
​

Rias muted the stupid broadcast.

"An investigation!? What even is the point of one?!" She folded her arms tight beneath her chest with a sharp huff. "Between Sirzechs-onii-sama and Serafall-sama, they run half the government of the Underworld! They should already be wrapping this up, and this whole news show should have just been the announcement of the Nebiros bastard's trial date!"

Fine porcelain clicked on wood as Sona placed a steaming cup of tea in front of her.

"It's all about due process," she said.

And for the first time in a long while, Rias stared at Sona Sitri like she was stupid. "They already have everything and they already know everything! What part of this 'due process' is taking so much time?"

"They can't simply decide that we're innocent, he's guilty and that the matter is finished," her friend said calmly, sitting down with her own cup of tea.

"Either of them absolutely could!"

"They could," Sona conceded, her eyes going from the steaming teacup she held to the talkshow that ran muted in the background, "but with how public this incident has become, that's not how this works anymore."

Rias rolled her eyes. "Find out who's at fault, make him pay. What's the point of making it more complicated than that?!"

"Serafall-onee-sama explained it to me once," Sona said after a sip from her own teacup, "When something like this captures public attention, most devils aren't thinking about us or about him, they're thinking about themselves. They worry about a day when they themselves would be the ones under investigation, and they ask themselves: 'Should that day ever arrive, would the proper procedure be followed for me too? Would I be treated fairly?' And onee-sama is trying her best to let people know that the answer is 'Yes.' Above everything else, that's what onee-sama wants as the Satanic Head of Foreign Relations; she wants people to know that the Underworld that she and the other Satans are building is different from the Underworld that the Old Satans ran."

"Even if the result is already obvious?! People just want a public spectacle!"

"Rias... You're the one who made it into a public spectacle by posting the video on Devitube."

"Fine, I guess that part was my mistake." She grumbled, taking an angry sip from her teacup. "So, what now? We're supposed to sit still, smile and pretend like those show hosts?"

"We don't have to do anything," Sona said, leaning back into the couch and crossing her legs as if it was really time to relax. "The Underworld wanted to see the process of justice being done, so Serafall-onee-sama is showing she's personally involved. Her and her department, I mean. Though it wouldn't surprise me if Sirzechs-sama's department was also involved one way or another. She's likely preparing or is already on a press tour right now."

"Well, as long as the result doesn't change..." Rias muttered thoughtfully and allowed herself a slower and calmer sip of her tea, "And it is kind of reassuring that things were being done right and by the book. Do we know who the guy in charge of the investigation is?"

"I have no clue," Sona shrugged. "Several names from onee-sama's department of Foreign Affairs do come to mind, but it is just as likely the agent came from other departments. Maybe even from Sirzechs-sama."

Rias just shook her head.

"Let's hope the Satan Leviathan's top agent is really as good as he sounds, I want to see that Nebiros guy hang for this sooner than later."


(Meanwhile) [Mal's Homestead - Edge of Kuoh Town]


"—one of Her Lady Serafall Leviathan's top men as well."
​

The campfire crackled as if laughing along with Lilith City talkshow host, the orange flame burning away behind the magic screen displaying the Underworld 'morning' TV program.

An elbow playfully nudging my ribs, followed by a teasing voice. "And how is the formal inquiry going, chief investigator☆?"

"This Nebiros kid is a shifty-looking fella," I fixed my black cowboy hat solemnly. "but I've been investigating him all day long and I haven't dug up a lick of wrongdoing! Sorry to say, but all this hard work just might be for nothing."

"Well, keep looking☆!"

"Will do!" I laughed along, and raised my whiskey glass, "I'll investigate the bottom of his glass for one!"

"And I'll investigate the bottom of mine too, cheers☆!"

It was a helluva thing, sitting down by the fire, pressed up against a very beautiful and very busty Serafall Leviathan. A slender arm linked around mine and soft, warm curves pressed up against my side. Just a cowboy in black and a magical girl in pink-and-white sitting together as we watched the moon and firelight sparkle through our half-filled whiskey glasses. Strange to think how we've only met a week ago but were now thick as thieves. I guess that's just the sort of thing that happens when two people become co-conspirators.

And we were definitely in on it together now, Serafall and I, in this plot to pull the wool over the eyes of everyone currently alive (and with a Devilnet connection) like the wiley devils we were.

It even came upfront with its side perks!


Feat Achieved! — Famous: One Million Devil-views!
Get on national (Underworld) news and have your name be known to at least 1 million devils
+1 Silver Gacha Ticket

...
​

I shook my head at the thought. Well, I'm pretty sure the folks at home have seen me on TV now. Still, a million people speaking my name... Everyone sure do love their scandals, especially ones involving the Satans' sisters and the people who they tried to kill! Sure, this wasn't how I thought I'd get famous, but I'd happily take a silver ticket for it!

"One thing I'm still puzzling over though..."

Blue eyes glided from her drink and in my direction. "Hmm?"

"Why make me chief investigator?" I asked the Satanic Head of Foreign Relations, "The 'investigation' isn't gonna change none whether or not I'm heading the commission, right?"

"It doesn't! But it makes my job easier☆" Serafall winked playfully, letting me in on her secret. "It's cleaner when the facts technically stick with the story. Half-truths, if you want the not-as-pretty name for them. In this case, I can step up to every news conference and tell them that there was an actual commission with actual people looking into the matter, and that I actually had handpicked my best man for the job. And all of that would technically be true! I could even tell Michael about it and all he'll pick up is that I'm not telling him the whole truth... which is to be expected since no leader of a faction does that. Not even him. We all understand that a lot of things fall under our usual, classified 'leader-of-the-entire-race' stuff, and so we don't take it personally if someone is holding back some details."

"I'm flattered you think I fit the bill as your best guy."

"But you really are!" Serafall grinned. "I wouldn't have been able to pull this off without your help, Mal-kun!"

"Glad to be able to help with the plan!" I chortled into my drink. And what a grand old plan it was: A dog and pony show to fool all of Creation in just three easy steps.

This was Step One: Rig the investigation.

For the folks who were angry at me for 'attacking the beautiful, helpless Rias Gremory', just the fact that there was an underway investigation was solid proof to them that justice was being done. For the Great King faction and the other Houses in the 72 Pillars, the investigation was a reassurance from the Four Satans that they weren't gonna let anyone—not even a Lucifer Six runaway like myself—just walk all over their heirs and heiresses. And for the angels and the fallen, the investigation was a demonstration that devilkind was 'civilized' and 'followed the rule of law' and could be trusted with other deals.

Truth be told, that last one didn't sit right with me, however...

I glanced up, past the dark brim of my cowboy hat and at the starry sky beyond the forest canopy where Heaven lay, unburnt.

... I knew I wasn't ready to take on all those angels even if I wanted to. I was gonna need a lot more of everything for that endeavor. More spells, more demonic power, and more Chaos Gacha tickets. Whatever I can get from wherever I might find them.

That did make me wonder: Was this the right call?

Sitting here drinking with the Satan that was working with the angels? Helping her cover for the princess who'd damn near took my head clean off my shoulders? Tying my name to their trouble, fixing their mess?

I stared into the campfire.

Asking those questions... It made me wonder what would have happened if I'd listened to what my mother said instead, and bent Serafall over when she was still desperate. All-in'd instead of this far more cordial relationship I'm playing with her. It sure as hell would have been the highest-risk-highest-reward move I could have played at the time! Risk, because that was all assuming that a Satan would let herself get coerced into being a middle-class devil's plaything for the night, and that I'd live long enough to enjoy whatever I rolled from the ticket. Reward, because that would've won me a Diamond ticket. Maybe even a Legendary one.

It would have been one hell of a gamble to take. If I'd taken it. Maybe I should have taken it.

Doubt's an awful companion like that.

Sure, a devil could sit down, drink his whiskey and tear himself apart over what he should've, could've, ought've done like I am now. But this was afterwards. Back in that heart-pounding present—with everyone watching, the clock ticking, and the weight of everything you could possibly win and everything you could possibly lose pressing down on your shoulders—you got a split second to either stake a wager or walk away.

That's all the time you'll get, and there's no turning around or asking for do-overs either. You make your choice, and that's the trail you ride... to live with for the rest of your life. Much in the same way as any other life-changing decision.

And I had made mine.

A slender finger poked my cheek, and looking over, I found the dark-haired beauty in pink that was Serafall Leviathan pouting at me, a slight whiskey-blush across her pale cheeks. She leaned in, close enough for her hot, drunken breath to brush over my chin. "Mou~ What're you looking all serious for, Mal-kun?" she said, "We should be celebrating, you know!"

"Nothing," I just smiled back at her, pouring her another glass. "I'm thinking about how it looks like we'll be working together for a while."

Couldn't rightly say whether I should be regretting this or not, nor can I say if working with the Satan Leviathan would pay out better down the line. But that's what I'm gambling on; and now, there's nothing left to do but see just how far down this long, crooked trail we'll end up riding together...

"And here's to a fruitful partnership☆!" Serafall grinned, before downing the rest of her glass. Just tipped it bottoms up. A drop of the amber liquid escaped the corner of the dark-haired girl's lips though and it ran down her pale neck, leaving a shimmering trail under the firelight that led straight down under her neckline and into her creamy cleavage. The drop didn't leave out the bottom of her crop top though, the shiny trail likely finding a dead end, caught tight somewhere between her swaying, heaving handfuls as she gulped her drink down. "Haahhh~"

... Yep, I can't deny that this trail had some gorgeous views though.

She wiped her lips with her forearm before scooting closer to me, pressing my arm closer to her soft warm body. "Honestly, Mal-kun, if you're worried about getting found out, then don't be☆! I have everything covered! It's not like any official documents will be signed off with your real name, so the odds of the whole truth coming out is slim to none... Unless you plan on posting a video on your own Devitube channel about this?"

Though it was told like a joke, her pointed blue-eyed stare told me it was definitely an implicit order NOT to make the same mistake as Rias.

"I don't even have one!" I guffawed.

"Really? Finally, some good news!" Serafall said before she levelled a serious look my way. Well, as serious a look that a girl with twin-tails, in a fluttery pink magical girl outfit and a drunk blush could at least. "Okay, my turn to ask a serious question! Rias-chan. No hard feelings about her, right?"

"None at all!" I said with a smile, but she just looked at me in disbelief.

"Really?"

"As real as the dirt we're standing on!" I said, pouring myself another glass. "While I can't deny that I'd be well within my rights to hold a grudge against her for trying to kill me and framing it as my fault, I already knew the truth of it: the Satan Lucifer's favoured little sister was never gonna be punished, not in any real capacity at least. I knew it even before folks wrote what they did: how she was just a frightened young lady with delicate nerves, or how the moon shone too bright in her eye and made her see things, or how this was plainly my fault! Nope, Rias was always gonna get away clean... because that's just how the world works: Consequences are for the weak. And the Gremory princess? Well, she was engaging in good ole dishonest tyranny, just as Satan—er, the original Satan—intended."

She winced. "We're not like that anymore, I promise! Sure, we might bend the rules when it comes to our little sisters, but— Uh, Rias-chan is actually really nice when you get to know her! It's just been a messy—"

"No need to justify to me," I laughed, patting the Satan on the shoulder. "Like I said, I'm holding onto no grudges against Miss Gremory. Matter of fact, I oughta thank her proper for messing up our first meeting. 'Cause that did me so much more good than if she hadn't!"

"And you're honestly just going to let all that—everything that's happened—slide... Just like that?"

"Just like that," I nodded with a small, sincere smile. And while I wouldn't say it out loud, I thought this Satan looked downright cute with her furrowed brows and dumbfounded look. So, I expanded on my answer. "Without her, I'd never have found my way into all this opportunity working alongside you. And it sure has been a pleasure seeing you work your magic!"

Now that got a different reaction, her blush intensifying on her pretty face. "Ehehe! I'm just doing my best~!" She said. "And you should give yourself some credit too, Mal-kun, you definitely deserve it for being so easy to work with!"

"You make it easy, Lady Leviathan!"

"Mou~ If you're going to go on about ranks, then your Satan commands you to never call her 'Lady Leviathan' ever again! Call her Serafall instead☆!"

"Sure thing, Serafall!" I raised my glass at the magical girl, who raised hers to mine and clinked them softly.

Yep, thick as thieves, gonna make off like them too! A devil could win a hundred Rating Games and I still wouldn't have a favour from a Satan. But thanks to Rias jumping the gun, I haven't even fought in single Rating Games and somehow had two whole Satans owing me a favour! One now with Serafall, and one after with Sirzechs Lucifer! And that even came with the promise of steady work (and by extension, even more tickets)! And if those weren't already enough, I got Neferpitou out of that whole debacle. A chimera-ant cat-familiar who's a perfect fit for the family and farm! But above all of that, it was because of Rias Gremory that...


Feat Achieved! — Satan Owes Me One
Strike a bargain that Satan now must honor. A great favor to be collected... by you.
+1 Gold Gacha Ticket

...
​

... I struck gold!

"Miss Gremory may as well have tried to kill me by slapping a cheque for a billion devil-dollars at my cheek for all the harm she's actually done!" I laughed out loud, raising a glass to Rias Gremory. "At this point, I'm half-hoping she'll try to kill me again!"

"Well, she just might! So, be ready just in case! Hehehehe☆!" She laughed with me before her blue eyes widened, realising what she just said, "Oh, uh... contact me if she does try though! Because she's definitely not supposed to do that anymore."

"Will do!"

Between my [Byakugan] and Neferpitou, we'll see any assassination attempt a mile away. And between my almost-rebuilt bronze construct and my new chimera-ant-catgirl familiar, Miss Gremory wasn't about to outmaneuver or overpower through my security anytime soon. Nope, no harm will come to my person, not from her at least. In fact...

I looked over to Serafall. "If there's one thing I'm actually worried about, it'd be the slanderous remarks she put out over the Devilnet. I ain't keen on letting her keep dragging my House's name through the dirt, even if I have run away from home. You sure her words won't stick?"

"Of course!" the dark-haired girl smiled cheerily. "The 'investigation' will cancel out most of her accusations, but the unofficial Rating Game will be the one to negate the rest of her more personal insults. Once we break the news about the Rating Game between you and Rias-chan, all her mean comments about you and your House can just be interpreted as pre-fight banter, instead of the Gremory heiress and sister of the Satan Lucifer genuinely calling for your public execution☆. They'll even be quite tame compared to what a lot of people post before their Rating Games!"

And that was Step Two: Challenge Rias Gremory to an unofficial Rating Game.

"Guess that's one way to discredit someone's words," I muttered, pushing another log into the campfire. "Just make people think they're full of hot air... Like how in that Rating Game match a couple months back, Bedeze Abaddon was rambling to the cameras about how Roygun Belphegor had grown fat and weak and how he was gonna destroy her and such. No one believed him, especially after Roygun handed him his rear on a gold platter. And if no one took the third highest ranking king seriously then, I guess no one'll take Rias Gremory seriously now."

"It's amazing how a bit of violence makes slander go away so fast, right☆!? And it's not like Rias-chan can even make comments like that anymore, she's locked out of her account while her parents put her through some remedial etiquette tutoring! And between you and me, she didn't need to take them, but..."

The magical girl leaned in with a grin full of personal satisfaction, and winked.

"... Satan's orders☆"

"Alright," I smiled along with her. "That sounds deserved."

"Completely deserved!" Serafall raised her glass with a laugh. "Oh, and while we're on the topic of her parents... Lord Gremory asked me to pass along his apologies for his daughter's behaviour, and also his gratitude for letting House Gremory save face with this unofficial Rating Game. He also stresses that—no matter the outcome of the Rating Game—Rias-chan will be putting out gracious comments about House Nebiros afterwards! I'm pretty sure that means he'll be inviting you to dine with him at Gremory Castle afterwards, likely to personally assure you that House Gremory holds no grudges towards House Nebiros."

"Oh," I said, blinking once. "So the Lord Gremory's in on the plan too?"

"Sort of? Not really?" Serafall shrugged, "His seal as Lord Gremory is needed to allow an unofficial Rating Game to take place. Normally, we'd also need someone with the Nebiros seal too, but... you're a special case."

"Since I'm a runaway."

"Since you're a Lucifer Six runaway." She corrected, "So, Zeoticus's seal is all we need for everything, up to and including enforcing the trade of Rias-chan's peerage member should she lose."

"And I plan on making her lose the heck out of that Rating Game!"

"Heh! I'll be cheering for you, Mal-kun," She raised her glass of whiskey, "We're all eager to see who you'll be picking! Well, I am. But... don't forget the role you're supposed to play until then!"

...

"... Right, my real part in this." I winced.

"It's not that hard!" Serafall chirped, pressing a freshly-filled glass of whiskey into my palm, and an encouraging pat to the back. "Just keep teasing Rias-chan every chance you get between now and the Rating Game about how you're going to snatch up one of her peerage members! Privately, of course! Just enough to get her to take you seriously, if the threat of losing one of her peerage members hasn't already gotten her fired up! Hehehe☆!"

"Yeah... just gotta act the part of the bad guy. Like in your shows?"

Blue eyes flew wide, practically sparkling like I'd given her the world. "That's an amazing idea! You should totally drop by the studio at Hellywood! We're doing principal photography for the next season right now. I bet you'll pick up a lot of stuff that'd help with acting!"

"I think I got it down," I smiled, "But I might take you up on your offer!"

[King of Trades] already supplied all the charisma and the acting chops I needed to rile up Rias Gremory. No, the hard part was the permanent cost of doing it. By the time this whole Satanic scheme runs its course, I'll have burned all my bridges with Rias Gremory straight down to ash. The redheaded deuteragonist of the whole DxD universe was gonna Hate my guts, with a capital H. Maybe even more than she hated that fiancé of hers. After all, the devil she was stuck marrying wasn't the one threatening to ride off with one of her peerage members tied and gagged to the back of his horse. Would that permanently lock me out of some tickets? Maybe. Would it give me just as many back? Also a huge maybe.

"But I do gotta ask... you sure this part with making her hate me is necessary?"

"Why?" Serafall grinned teasingly, swirling her drink, "Having second thoughts about hurting Rias-chan's feelings, Mal-kun?"

"I'll always be willing to play the evil devil in the Gremory princess' story!" I laughed. "But it just seems to me we could just leave each other well enough alone 'til the Rating Game and nothing'd change for good or ill. Doesn't even seem like we'd get anything out of it either..."

"Ah, that's what you mean... Sorry, that part's a secret☆" the magical girl winked playfully, a slender finger pressed to her pink lips, "But trust me when I say that it really is a necessary step, especially if you want Sirzechs-chan's favor. It'll be best if you don't know."

"Well, can't say no to that..." I muttered.

A favor from the Satan Lucifer himself, the Satanic Head of Domestic Affair, the devil in charge of everything from public works to taxes to executive orders. It wasn't like a ningen president though. He was the leader AND 90% of the firepower. If he wanted something done, it's gonna be done. A favour from him was the closest anyone would ever get to an actual wish. I already knew what I was gonna ask for; in fact, I knew what it was before I even left Nebiros Town.

But as I mulled it over how she said it, the pieces clicked in my head through the haze of whiskey. "Nevermind, I think I know what it's for."

"Oh? Do you?" She said, and blue eyes stared intently up at me, waiting for my answer.

"Well, Miss Gremory is pretty famous for how much she loathes the man she's promised to," I said, cheating with my foreknowledge. "But if Lord Gremory and Lord Phenex are dead set on it, her only chance at getting out of it would be either running off from home, or... an unofficial Rating Game with her hand in marriage as the wager. The Underworld's seen that happen a couple of times now, I think? Trouble is... Riser Phenex's full, fifteen-girl peerage would beat Rias' peerage-of-four any day of the week. So, I reckon my Rating Game is supposed to... kick her rear into gear or net her a better deal, or something? And seeing the Satan Lucifer is famous too for how much he dotes on her, I'm guessing if I help pull this off, he's willing to toss a favor my way."

"You're very perceptive, Mal-kun!" Serafall smiled, though it didn't look too happy. "But since you can't claim ignorance anymore... there's a really important detail you have to know."

"... I'm about to wish I'd kept my damn mouth shut, am I?"

"Yep☆! Because Sirzechs-chan isn't in on the plan: He just thinks that you're really angry at Rias-chan."

An uneasy tangle settled in my gut. "Is there a reason why we're leaving your fellow Satan in the dark?" I asked. "And why am I getting the awful feeling that he ain't exactly happy with me turning the tables on his little sister?"

"Ehe, maybe☆?" the magical girl scratched her cheek with an awkward grin. "Okay, Sirzech-chan might be just a teensy bit angry at you for 'targeting Rias-chan out of your sheer spite for her.' And he thinks I'm here to try and 'calm you down,' but we can't tell him! Because if we tell him, then he's part of it. And if he's part of it, then Rias-chan will be super angry at him for knowingly manipulating her life, her emotions and her peerage."

"Which is exactly what we're doing."

"Mhm! And while you and I are okay with that Rias-chan holding a grudge against us, Sirzechs-chan would never do anything that would risk making her hate him, even if it's for her own good. So, we have to do this without his involvement. BUT! I know Sirzechs-chan! Once we pull this off and explain it to him, he'll definitely be grateful that we did it, and he'll definitely grant you a favour as thanks!"

"I don't much fancy getting on the Satan Lucifer's shortlist..."

But Serafall suddenly clapped her hands together, head bowed in a very Japanese gesture. "I know it sounds iffy," she peeked up with a sheepish smile. "But it'd help a lot if you played along, Mal-kun! Please trust me on this!"

This girl was trouble...


Feat Achieved! — Rage-baiter of Satan
Earn the marked displeasure of a Satan for threatening his family's happiness, specifically his precious imouto's
+1 Gold Gacha Ticket

...
​

... But apparently, just my type of trouble!

"… Alright, count me in!" I said, laughing under my breath. "We've gone this far already, if you're heading for trouble, I'd feel downright rude letting you handle it alone now! Besides, getting on Sirzechs Lucifer's shortlist is definitely a huge achievement!"

"Thanks, Mal-kun!" She looked up, all smiles. "I knew I could count on— Wait, you're willing to get on a Satan's bad side, because it's an achievement?"

"Well, not just for the achievement, but it sure sweetens the deal some!" I said with another laugh.

That's a silver and two golds before the sun's even up! I'm starting to feel this was the right call, alright! Oh sure, I might have gotten into a whole heap of trouble with a lot more on the horizon, and I might have a Crimson Satan grinding his axe while thinking my name... But I'd sure take this over a long, boring, and worst of all peaceful stint in Rias' peerage anyday! And it sure felt right, tracing my will across those tickets, it was the same feeling as fanning a finger across a fistful stack of cash!

"As long as we pull this off, he won't hold a grudge about us getting under Rias' skin?"

Serafall nodded enthusiastically. "Oh, you have no idea how happy Sirzechs-chan will be once we pull this off!" She beamed. "So, go ahead and let loose, Mal-kun! Just keep teasing Rias-chan about taking one of her peerage. Make her so mad that she wants to tear her hair out, that she wants to kill you! Do everything you can to make her mad enough... that she'd actually work hard for a change! And who knows what'll happen after? Maybe with a few more peerage members thrown her way, she'll have a good chance at beating her Phenex fiancé!"

"Can do!"

And here we are, at the last step of Serafall Leviathan's grand master plan...

... Step Three: Become Rias Gremory's number one hater.

If Rias Gremory will have a million haters, then I'll be one of them. If Rias Gremory will have ten haters, then I'll be one of them. If Rias Gremory will have only one hater, then that hater will be me. If Rias Gremory will have no haters, then that means I'll no longer be on earth (or in the Underworld or, Satan forbid, in Heaven). If the world is with Rias Gremory, then I'll be against the world.

All for her own damn good.

"Hell of a plan." I raised a glass.

"Thanks☆!" Our glasses clinked together. "They definitely won't see it coming~!"


[Gremory Castle - Underworld]

"Where are you...?"

Rias' pinchy heels clicked a fast muffled staccato on the finely carpeted stone.

Like some fairytale princess lost in a castle, she hurried down the ancient corridors of her birth home, the pointlessly-intricate blue dress for her remedial etiquette class swishing around her legs as she ran, glancing down each grandly decorated corridor looking for her Gremory Prince. The drawerful of jewellery she wore glittering under every ray of light that shone through the castle's windows, distracting enough to hide her frown, her worry and her desperation.

Her mother said her Sirzechs-onii-sama would be here, so why wasn't he—

There!

At the far end of the corridor, her Sirzechs-onii-sama stood—with his gold-trimmed white uniform, his usual crimson mane and his usual calming smile—as he talked and laughed with some of the older maids.

"Onii-sama!" she called out, and running to him as fast as her dress let her. And as she got closer, the maids obediently dismissed themselves with a bow. But Rias barely noticed them leave, too focused on her lifeline as his eyes widened and focused his smile on her.

"Rias! You look gorgeous in that dress. It's good that you finally got to w—"

She tackled him, throwing her arms around him and pressing her face into his warm chest, "Onii-sama, please tell me you have something! Otou-sama... he'd definitely listen to you!"

"Rias-chan... I'm not part of House Gremory anymore," His voice came warmly though a bit sad. Rias stiffened, recognizing the tone he used whenever he had to tell her bad news. "I could voice all my disapproval all I want, but otou-sama has already committed to this course of action. This is a legitimate grievance between Houses that is to be decided by Rating Game; a right that I have sworn to protect as Satan Lucifer. And... even I have to admit that it's a clean solution for House Gremory. Win or lose, our House's reputation walks away unmarred."

Her frustrated hands balled tightly on the cloth of his uniform as she muttered into his chest, "But I'm the one who could lose someone in my peerage. Can't he find another way to do this?"

"He could," Sirzechs said, placing a gentle hand on top of her head, his fingers running tenderly through her hair. His gaze shifted briefly past her, down the corridor and all the way to their father's study. "... But you know how he sees your peerage."

"You mean he doesn't care about them!"

"He does," Sirzechs reminded softly. "Just… not in the way you need him to."

In other words, their father's particular way of caring didn't help her one bit. Rias let go of her brother, and with a frustrated exhale, she met his eyes. Blue on blue. "Then what do I do, Onii-sama?" she asked, her anger coiling her voice tightly, "Let that Nebiros bastard is going to take one of my peerage! Am I supposed to just stand by and let that happen?!"

"And I'm not asking you to," He kept his voice calm, "But this has just become too big to just sweep under the carpet, especially after—"

"—After his unprovoked attack on Koneko-chan!" she hissed.

"... whatever you call the things that happened that night, he's still holding a grudge over it. A strong one from what Serafall says," her onii-sama continued evenly. "She should sitting the Nebiros kid down for a talk right now actually, getting him to calm down. She believes she can smooth things over, and that might just stop the Rating Game from even taking place."

Rias searched his face. "And if she doesn't?"

"Then you'll fight and win that Rating Game." Her older brother smiled. "I believe in you, Rias-chan."

"Win?" Rias laughed hollowly, shaking her head. "With my three pieces?! Both my and Sona's peerages combined couldn't stop him!"

"Rias, listen to me," He said, looking into her eyes. His hands squeezing her shoulders reassuringly, "Even if he manages to fill all fifteen pieces of his peerage, you will still win. I'm sure of it. He only gains his Evil Pieces after the investigation concludes, and the Rating Game is set immediately after. That leaves him no time to assemble a cohesive peerage. Because even when a devil has gathered the strongest individual pieces, their strength doesn't matter if they haven't been trained to work together. Whatever peerage he manages to scrape together in that window… they will not compare to what you've built in Kuoh."

His voice softened, and he smiled like it really was going to be alright.

"You'll be fine, Rias-chan. You and your little family are stronger than you believe."

"I... When you put it that way... Thanks, onii-sama." She replied just as softly, coming down from her panic. And as she looked up at her older brother, she even felt the corners of her lips tug up in a hesitant smile.

Of all the people in both the human world and the Underworld, her Sirzechs-onii-sama was the one who knew exactly how to make her feel everything will be better... or at least, like things wouldn't get worse. Reality was less harsh and less cruel with him around... But the reality of the situation was still there: As an eight-foot-tall brass construct that would tear her peerage apart in the Rating game.

"Onii-sama... it's not his pieces that I'm worried about," She whispered as much, "it's his golem. You know it isn't fair."

"It isn't," her older brother agreed with no hesitation. "House Bael has already grumbled their disapproval. Not a formal objection just yet, but they haven't forgotten to remind me of the rules this time around. Specifically, the rule about bringing an autonomous construct that is neither Sacred Gear nor bonded familiar to participate in a Rating Game. It's a broad and vague rule; and effectively, it's a case-by-case basis. But that still gives you a lot of ground to stand on to motion for his construct to be banned from the match. And if the Nebiros kid tries to push back, I'll add my voice to yours. I won't let him or anyone bully you, Rias-chan. I promise."

"So... it's gone? Just like that?" Rias whispered, almost to herself. Almost in awe at the possibility. Relief flooding as she beamed up at her saviour. "You're the best, Sirzechs-onii-sama!"

"Hahaha! Anything for my Rias-chan!" Her brother laughed, his hand ruffling her crimson hair and ruining her elaborate hairstyle. But at that moment in time, she couldn't care less.

It was amazing how brighter the world was without an eight-foot-tall magical engine of metal looming over her and blocking her light!

Yep, no nigh-invincible killing machine charging at them on wings of steam. No metal fists the size of torso swinging around with the force of a runaway train. Because although he had cheated by using a golem that was against the rules for any normal Rating Game, that was it. He'll never be able to use that golem again. Now, she only had to fight the Nebiros bastard and whatever unruly gang he could scrape together at the last minute!

Being outnumbered didn't scare her either, because it never had!

She'd known from the start that she'd always have a smaller peerage than most. Akeno, Yuuto, Koneko... They were more than enough. Those fifteen hastily assembled lackeys wouldn't stand a chance against them, and now that the Nebiros bastard didn't have that oversized brass golem to use as a shortcut and crutch anymore. And though she still hoped Serafall-sama would be able to stop this before it comes down to a Rating Game, at least...

He had nothing else that would catch them off guard.

It was finally, finally going to be a fair fight.


[Mal's Homestead]

Neferpitou hid from view. Out of sight from all her King's enemies.

It was a new experience for her using In for this long. She had never held it this long before and never needed to. For in all her existence, there had been no opponent worth hiding from. No Hunter that could threaten her when she had strength to break their spines, the speed to pluck their eyes before they could see her, and the Nen that allowed her to develop all the abilities she could ever wish for.

She had always been the thing others feared after all.

Yet this world… it was wrong in all the right ways.

Beings that radiated power in ways she had never encountered walked this universe. Powerful enough to make her cautious, and powerful enough to warrant her utilizing In for the first time. And naturally, it came to her as easily as breathing just like all the other Nen techniques. Pitiful ningen would spend years of their lives training, refining and struggling to master what she could do instinctually. Her aura folded inward, compressing, transmuting into something that slipped beyond conventional senses. To those who could see and sense energies, she was as unremarkable as a statue or as any regular, powerless ningen walking their hives of glass and stone and metal. And for those that couldn't see her directly... she may as well not exist. Just thin air sitting quietly inside a dark and motionless cabin.

This was her duty.

Her King bade her to remain hidden until his signal, or until the moment revealed itself.

It wasn't the signal to fight unfortunately, but the anticipation was still there. Watching the unaware from her perch, in the middle of the night, wondering if the next heartbeat will be the instant when she sprung into action and when she'd get to see startled eyes barely see her as she pounced faster than sound... It spoke to her on a primal level. The anticipation for that was... intoxicating.

So, she hoped her King wouldn't mind, because this was the most fun she'd ever had!

The only thing better than this would be if she was going to fight too, but unfortunately, for there was no winning against the being he was tangled with.

What a fearsome being...


A tipsy, magical girl Satan wrapped an arm around me.

"Mal-kun☆~" Serafall slurred, her foot knocking over the empty whiskey bottle. "We're good now, right? I mean... you're good now. I mean, you got it? The plan?"

"I think so?" I replied, a lot less slurred from me apparently being better at holding my drink. I had to be if I had wanted to help my cousin-uncles tinker with their still. They needed all the tongues (and stomachs) they could get to taste-test if they were gonna make the perfect bottle of devil-moonshine!

Still... the plan...

Hard to imagine it was just three steps with all these darn details. It was like juggling a trio of cactus: Gotta keep track of every last needle between them, 'cause it's always the one you forget that winds up pricking you.

"Tell me if I'm missing something," I said, counting with my fingers, "I'll stay here in Kuoh Town for a spell, yanking at Miss Gremory's short hairs (and getting paid a chief investigator's salary for it). And once the investigation clears me of all wrongdoing, everyone who's heard of this debacle is gonna walk away feeling 'justice' and 'due process' was done in the Underworld... right before coming back to buy tickets to watch me and Rias duke it out in an unofficial Rating Game. She'll get her rear into gear, I'll kick it back down. Then the Satan Lucifer's gonna rise from the Underworld to shake my hand for it and her dad's gonna invite me to dinner?"

"Pretty much~☆!" Serafall gave a bright little clap. "It shouldn't take more than a few weeks, but depending on how fast public opinion shifts... it could take longer or shorter!"

"And I'd go crazy by the second week..." I rubbed my chin. "Is there anything else I can do for you while I'm here in Kuoh Town?"

The Satan Leviathan just stared at me, blue eyes wide and incredulous like I'm some kind of amazing... or maybe some kind of stupid. "Mou~ you're already helping me, the Satanic head of Foreign Relations, fix this huge mess involving a PR stunt, an unofficial Rating Game, a Gremory Princess that you're going to be antagonizing, and a Satan Lucifer's whose bad side you're going to be on for the foreseeable future... and you're still asking for more work?"

"Always! Malal Nebiros won't turn down a chance to accomplish something!"

"Hehehehe☆!" Her bright laugh rang out. A singer's laugh, or a performer's, one that was made to be heard in radios and podcasts. Even when tipsy, it was still all soft and feminine and easy on the ears. "Oh, if everyone had your kind of attitude, Mal-kun, my job would be a lot easier! And a whole lot more fun☆! I'm starting to think working with you will be even more entertaining than I thought it would!"

"I'm glad that you're getting a kick out of it," I said with a smile and tip of my hat, "But I meant what I said too about work: Keep 'em coming!"

"Hehehe! Careful what you ask a Satan, Mal-kun, she might just grant it☆! But I'll let you know if something— Oh, I think I have just the thing!"

"I'm listening..."

With a smile, she lifted a fresh bottle of devil-whiskey, the last one. The amber liquor inside caught the firelight as it sloshed, half full. "Finish the last bottle with me?"

"I'm on it!" I laughed, accepting the first pour with my glass, and she took the second one.

We drank. And for a time, that was all there was to it.

Just the two of us settled in front of a fire on a quiet Kuoh Town night, drinking less in celebration now and more just to relax after a long few days, and they have been long. Arriving in the world of ningens, almost getting killed by a Gremory princess, building a forest hideaway with my new catgirl familiar, making a deal with a Satan, and now drinking quietly for her. The bottle passed back and forth, getting lighter as we drank through it to the campfire's soft crackling. It felt more personal, thanks to Japanese culture of never pouring your own drink. This inhumanly pretty girl sitting next to me would hold out her glass, our eyes would meet, she'd smile bright, I'd pour her cup full, and our hands would brush as I passed her the bottle for her turn. Devils would kill to be in my position.

But... we both knew it wouldn't last.

The moment the bottle went dry, she was gonna leave for the Underworld. Being a Satan was a full-time job after all. We probably wouldn't meet again for a long while either. So, if I had something to say to her, this'd definitely be my last chance for a while. Looks like I had another life-changing decision in my hands, and it was because of one thing...

Her favor.

Hold onto it and watch her walk when the bottle goes empty, or... use it now?

I wasn't gonna get a better chance like this; I felt it in my gut. I even knew just the thing to ask to win myself a platinum, maybe even a diamond ticket. Practically guaranteed to me with almost no risk involved. Almost.

But... was it foolish to trade a Satan's favor for 'just' a single diamond ticket? Or would I be the bigger fool to let an opportunity for a diamond ticket pass me just because I'm hoping for a prettier deal might never come? After all, that favour already paid for itself by giving me that gold ticket. Trying to double my money seemed reckless when I already got a silver and two golds just waiting to be cashed in. I already had plenty to work on after this. And surely, I'll find a better use for a Satan's favour, right?

Except... It's a Diamond ticket.

And this was Serafall. Her slender hand brushed her soft, dark hair as she leaned in for her last drink. Pink lips touching the glittering crystal tumbler, the subtle movement of her pale neck gulping down that whiskey followed by a soft sigh.

The empty bottle thudded against my boot as I set it down... and made my choice.

"Serafall?"

"Hmm~?" She turned those gorgeous blue eyes to me.

"I'd like to—"

Her palm came up before I knew it, sealing over my mouth before the words could finish leaving it. She leaned in a little with her drunken blush, she pouted. "Mal-kun… You weren't about to do something reckless like spend your favor asking a Satan to stay the night, were you?"

Her hand pulled away from my amused smile, and I told her honestly, "I was actually gonna trade it for a kiss."

Because while [King of All Trades] might know a thousand tactics for getting into the panties of a hundred different types of girls, none of them were Satan. It was gonna take a hell of a lot more than an IOU to get this girl to step out of her panties for me. It'd be plum foolish to even try, maybe be even suicidal. But trading it for a single kiss? While we're drunk from whiskey and success? Well, you know how they say: 'One thing leads to another' So, what else was a devil like me supposed to except try my luck?

"A kiss? You'd trade a Satan's favor for a kiss?" She stared at me like I was stupid.

"Seemed like as good a time as any," I said with a soft chuckle. "Just us with a fire, a drink, and a full moon."

Her eyes darted upward at the pale moon caught between the branches of japanese pine, then down to the bottle resting between us, and finally to the narrow stretch of space separating our shoulders. A faint color crept on her cheeks as she looked up at me.

"Geez… you're such a hopeless kid," she let out a long exhale, though the smile she wore was warm rather than scolding. "You shouldn't waste my favor on something like that, you know."

"I'd say it's pretty valuable."

Her brows furrowed. "Are you talking about the favor or the k... Mou~ This is not the time for your clever wordplays." She crossed her arms, pouting harder now. "Honestly, getting Magical Girl Levia-tan☆ tipsy just so you can try and steal her fir— a kiss from her. You're lucky you're so likeable, Mal-kun."

"Reckon I must be," I said.

That earned me another pouting look. She lingered there a moment, like she was seeing something a little past me, or maybe something she hadn't expected to find in the first place. I met her eyes, but let her think. But her gaze eventually drifted off, following the slow rise of sparks up into the starry sky.

Then, almost to herself, Serafall murmured.

"…Ultimate-class."

"Pardon?"

"Ultimate-class," Serafall said again, and her hands found mine, warm and small clasping around it gently as if we were about to shake on something. An earnest look in her eyes as she spoke in that soft, sweet voice of hers, "Promise me that you'll reach Ultimate-class Devil before you think about asking me again."

Looks like I was wrong and right. Wrong in how even asking for a kiss was too much; and right, because I'm getting the impression that she would have killed me if I asked for something more than a kiss. But what surprised me the most was that... she's turning me down, not because I wasn't kind enough or compassionate enough, but because I wasn't powerful enough for her.

"Can do!" I said without hesitation. "I was heading in that direction anyway."

Maybe this 'New Satan' wasn't as 'Un-Satanly' as dad thought.

"Mal-kun..." Her hands squeezed mine, and her blue eyes levelled a serious look straight at me. "I think you're underestimating what I'm asking. Low-class, Middle-class and High-class are just steps compared to the chasm you have to cross to be an Ultimate-class devil."

"Now, I don't know if I'll end up being able to freeze a country over like you could—I've got my own trail to follow—but I'll be able to do something that'll see me standing there with you alright."

I was half-expecting her to say that I was full of bull, but instead, the magical girl beside me smiled slyly. "It sounds like you've got something up your sleeve, Mal-kun~"

"I just might," I said, unable to keep the corners of my mouth from twitching up.

The weight of all the knowledge of [Intermediate Item Construction], [Bronze Creation], [Structural Analysis], [King of All Trades] and all the others sat heavy in my head... Along with two Gold Tickets and one silver burning a hole in my thoughts, ready to add to that a grand library. And between working for the Satan of Foreign Relations and Kuoh Town being the ground zero for several possible apocalypses, I was gonna be riding right into the eye of every world-shaking storm that's set to come. Every chance to earn those big tickets like Diamonds, Legendaries, Mythics and even Divines. It'll all be mine.

Ultimate-class Devil was just a matter of time.

"Hehehe~ You have that look in your eye again!" Serafall giggled, "Don't ever lose it, okay!"

"Okay," I smiled back, her good cheer infectious. "But, I gotta ask... if I was Ultimate-class right now, would you have said yes?"

Serafall paused at that, right before her voice came out in a near-whisper. "'What would I have done if you were Ultimate-class and you'd asked for something more than a kiss?' " She echoed an entirely different question. "That's a really bold question to ask a Satan, you know?"

"Well, I've been told that I'm pretty bold."

"Oh?" she smiled, though it came with a sly edge, "Ask me the question again if you're so brave, Mal-kun."

Not one to back down from a challenge, I shrugged and asked her version of the question. "Alright, what would I have done if you'd asked for something more than a kiss?"

An absolutely Satanic demonic power flooded like the camp.

The temperature submerged, the fire choked to a dim candlelight, and it was like the air itself was flash-cooled into arctic ice-water. And in the near darkness, twin blue eyes stared right at me. A long leg in knee-high socks swung gracefully straight up—white cloth stretched taut over feminine mound—and over the bench, letting her straddle it. And while I was still stunned thanks to my Byakugan, fists reached for me and gripped the lapels of my suit jacket, closing the fabric around my torso like I was a fish caught in a tightening net, and she pressed herself right against me. Almost lip-to-lip with a Satan, her soft, curvaceous body the only warm thing in a hell of cold.

"Don't you mean..." Her breath ghosted lightly across my lips, revealing how a Satan Leviathan sounded like when she was hungry: a voice like a rolling purr alongside the dull groan of metal warping. "... What would I have done to you if you were Ultimate-class and you'd asked for something more than a kiss? That's what you wanted to know, right, Mal-kun~?"

And like the devil with a death wish that I was, I nodded yes. And the Satan smiled.

"Well~"

She pulled back, and the air was light again.

"... Magical Girl Levia-tan☆ doesn't know the answer either!" she said with a cute wink and a cheery smile. "A pure maiden's heart just isn't ready for those kinds of things, don't you know? And it looks you aren't either☆"

'Ultimate-class' was the unsaid reminder.

"F-fair enough," I coughed, still trying to get my bearings after that blast of a Satan's demonic power, and I knew for a fact that it hadn't even been at full power. No, that was just a taste of what the higher end of Ultimate-class was like.

Meanwhile, the dark-haired magical girl just shifted in her seat, smiling innocently as she went back to finishing her glass.

That's when I noticed that... the groaning metal I heard earlier wasn't just my imagination. As Serafall scooted back a little, she revealed the section of solid bronze bench she'd been straddling just then, the metal now crushed to the narrow width of her tight thigh gap. Just a perfect mold of her thighs' shape left in the amber-brown metal, like it was made of plaster rather than solid, demonic-power-reinforced metal. It was as tangible a sign as any to stop lusting after girls who not only had a lot more demonic power than me, but could also crush metal with thigh-strength alone.

Any sane man would heed that warning.

But I was no man, I was a Devil of House Nebiros! Satan would understand me lusting after a girl (who was also a Satan) as long as I don't forget my unholy duty of inbreeding with my sisters!

Serafall's empty tumbler clicked onto the bronze beside her, and she turned to me.

"There is one thing I want to ask you about." Her tone was serious, blue eyes intent behind her black strands, "When I was joking around with you, I noticed something."

"You did?" I said with a half-chuckle, and a raised brow, "What would that be?"

But the Satan didn't answer right away. Her gaze going past my shoulder instead, and stayed fixed there.

...

"Mal-kun... who's that hiding inside your cabin?"
- Rias Gremory's Number One Hater End -​
FEATS:

Famous: One Million Devil-views!
Get on national (Underworld) news and have your name be known to at least 1 million devils
+1 Silver Gacha Ticket

Satan Owes Me One
Strike a bargain that Satan now must honor. A great favor to be collected... by you.
+1 Gold Gacha Ticket

Rage-baiter of Satan
Earn the marked displeasure of a Satan for threatening his family's happiness, specifically his precious imouto's
+1 Gold Gacha Ticket


ROLLS:

—


I'm aiming for a dynamic similar in vibe to... Bell & Hestia from Danmachi. Except, instead of a God and her Familia Captain, it's a Satan and her unholy champion (title to be decided). Moreover, since the independent route was rolled, it's going to be outside of the Evil Pieces system.

I would liked have not ended in on a cliffhanger, but... it would have been 16k words long if I was going to include the rolls and the aftermath of meeting Neferpitou.

Last edited: Mar 29, 2026
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, kffs, Fayfu and 2,632 others
Infonticus
Mar 29, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch 6 - The Empty Quiver of Satan
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Apr 12, 2026
Add bookmark
#3,250
Chapter 6: The Empty Quiver of Satan


[Gremory Castle - Underworld]


"From Leviathan-sama, It's urgent..."
​

Rias' ears perked at the sound of Grayfia's whisper.

She peeked across the dining table—across the lacquered, Oriental meats glistening under the blue-fire candelabras—to where her Sirzechs-onii-sama sat on his dining throne. He'd been kind enough to stay, offering her those small reassuring smiles everytime their eyes met to help her through the slow mind-numbing torture of her remedial etiquette lesson.

This time, their eyes didn't meet.

His were turned to the side. To where Grayfia-nee-sama leaned in at his shoulder. Her ribboned braid of silver hair slipped forward, brushing his polished pauldron, and her deep-ruby lips nearly blended with his mane of crimson hair as she whispered into his ear.

Rias made sure to look innocent, just pushing a slice of honey-glazed peacock from one side of her plate to the other as she strained her ears.


"House Nebiros is more active than previously thought..."
​

The knife almost slipped through Rias' fingers at the sound of that cursed name.

It would have been too soft for anyone else to hear. Almost too soft even for her. But she knew her Grayfia-nee-sama's whispers; this happened often enough that she'd made it a game for herself over the years: listening in whenever this happened, and piecing together what she couldn't hear from the movement of the older woman's lips. It had been just something to entertain herself over dinner. Now, thanks to etiquette lessons, it might be the first piece of news she's gotten since starting her lesson.

Rias gracefully glanced up the smooth length of the grand marble table.

Her parents had noticed nothing. Their voices carried easily through the banqueting hall, with all its candle-lit chandeliers and fine artpieces. Her mother and her father looked perfectly content in their fine white dress and maroon suit—having used her remedial etiquette lessons as an excuse to dress themselves as itchingly formal as she was—as they trading gossip of scandalous moments among the 72 Pillars... her own ongoing scandal not included of course.


"... working on a black project since before the Civil War—"
​

"Rias," her father glanced her way, bright blue eyes peering past the curtain of his flowing crimson hair, and Rias paused in her eavesdropping to return a patented Gremory Heiress Smile, giving the appearance that she was behaving in a manner acceptable to an heiress of a 72 Pillar Clan.

"Yes, honoured father?" She replied in her most graceful tone.

"Your nekoshou, Koneko, I trust that she's doing well?"

"She is, honoured father," Rias answered, and she wouldn't have spoken another word if remedial etiquette lessons didn't compel her to be more... 'helpful.' She kept smiling, "The doctors said that Koneko would have no lasting ailments, though her memory is spotty concerning the night's events. By her own words, it's clear that she experienced a vivid... recollection of her time with House Naberius."

"Oh, poor Koneko..." Her mother murmured. "I do hope she's feeling better now."

Rias stopped herself from visibly grinding her teeth. It made her blood boil, having to pretend that Koneko's ordeal was no one's fault. "She is, okaa-sama. Akeno-san and Yuuto-san are aiding in her recovery to her full emotional faculties. Supplying her with ample company here in Gremory Castle seems to be doing splendidly for her."

And by 'company', she meant 'kept far away from the Nebiros bastard.' Speaking of which...


"—Leviathan-sama can only discuss it in person, but she was almost—"
​

"Will your peerage be staying for the duration?" Her father interrupted her eavesdropping again.

Rias had already known the answer before she got here.

They still had to return to Kuoh Town without her. The place could not be left unattended when so much depended on her peerage. Their roster of human clients would accept no substitutes or replacements, the stray devils had been popping up more often as of late, and above all, there was Gasper, who needed looking after more than anything. Her cute, cross-dressing dhampir still reacted very poorly to anyone outside her peerage using the shoving stick, Sona's peerage included. They had only recently gotten him accustomed to Kiba being the one to shove food into his room, and even then, Gasper still occasionally made the knight piece into a victim of his time-stopping panic attacks. Baby steps, so it was important that they don't lose momentum now. And that's why...

"...As much as I would prefer they stayed, honoured father, I cannot keep my peerage from their other duties."

But the 'I'm the one who's grounded, not them. It wouldn't be fair to them.' part was left unsaid.

"A sensible decision, Rias," Her father nodded in return, a slight bearded smile appearing on his face before he went back to conversing with her mother. And Rias immediately went back to straining her ears as hard as she could, hoping she didn't miss much.


"My Satan Lucifer... she has seen it fit to declare a Modified Empty Quiver."
​

Rias tried not to panic.

Because although she didn't know what those words meant, she saw what they did to her onii-sama: Sirzechs Lucifer had stopped breathing. He sat there in his dining throne frozen so perfectly still that Rias would have thought he was a life-like wax statue of himself. His eyes wide and pupils shrank to needlepoints. It was an expression that she had never seen him make before!

Then Grayfia's second whisper followed.


"… she says we need to convene. Now."
​

The words unfroze him. His shocked expression replaced by one that she was more used to seeing: the hardened expression of the Crimson Satan. Blue eyes sharp and jaw all tense, it was the leader of the Underworld staring down a calamity he was about to stop, or an enemy he was about to destroy.

Their eyes met just beyond the flickering flame of a candelabra, and in between flickers, that harsh expression disappeared.

Her smiling Sirzechs-onii-sama had returned.

He nodded to her with a reassuring smile. Carefully, he set his fork and knife down onto his porcelain plate, as though the Underworld had turned a hundred times more fragile since his last bite, and offered their parents a composed, almost carefree smile.

"Kindly excuse me," he said lightly, already rising with a metallic click of his armor. "It's been a pleasure, but I really must be going. Matters of state are a jealous thing. Till next time… Otou-sama, Okaa-sama, Rias-chan."

"Thank you for joining your parents for dinner again, Sirzechs-kun," their mother said with a smile. Beside her, their father nodded quietly, more than accustomed to his early departures by now.

Rias doubted either of them had heard what she heard, or saw what she saw. They simply smiled as her brother bowed graciously and turned for the door, and neither did they even notice that his footsteps resounded faster than normal, or that Grayfia kept pace behind him, whispering more things into his ear that she could not hear anymore. Or how, as he swept down the hall with his cape billowing behind him, the candles flickered as if trembling from even the brush of his demonic power.

The door shut behind him, but the feeling of dread still lingered for a bit.

Rias looked down to the food on her plate. Well, if she hadn't lost her appetite before from remedial etiquette, then she definitely lost it now.

Something big had just happened beyond the walls of Gremory Castle, and it was big enough to make a Satan urgently leave to personally handle it. She was sure her onii-sama could deal with whatever it was. But at the very least, she can take comfort in the fact that whatever had happened just now, whatever had ruined her onii-sama's day, she could sleep easily knowing that the world has proven Rias Gremory right once again...

...because this was absolutely, one-hundred-percent that Nebiros bastard's fault this time.


(A few minutes ago) [Mal's Homestead]


"Mal-kun... who's that hiding inside your cabin?"
​

The question made me stone-cold sober.

I knew exactly whose one-of-a-kind, chimera-ant-catgirl familiar was hiding in my log cabin: Mine.

I'd told Neferpitou to hole up in the cabin, and if things turned sour, get me the hell out of here. Away from the Satan who likely thought my usefulness had run out and all that. But that was when I still doubted Serafall's intentions; that doubt lasted right up until she cracked open the whiskey, told me her entire plan and threatened to kill me with her Satan-class thighs. 'Cept as luck would have it, that burst of Serafall's demonic power must have spooked Pitou, who likely came close to bursting straight through those log walls and swiping me clear out of the Satan's arms... and thighs.

She must peeked her head out to check. Just for a heartbeat, maybe less. With demonic power like that, I would too.

But that was enough. The Satan Leviathan must have caught a glimpse of her shadow. And now, this magical girl in pink and white sitting right beside me was looking me in the eye and waiting for an answer.

Trying to lie didn't even come up in my head.

"It's fine!" I called out over my shoulder, "Come on out and introduce yourself!"

Quiet like a ghost, the cabin door opened, and the snowy-haired catgirl stepped into the shadowed, moonlit forest. The fire tinted my familiar's blue coat orange more and more as she stepped closer. Her face was expressionless and her movement without the cat-like grace that I was used to—dried leaves cracked loudly under her footsteps. Neferpitou's way of showing she meant no harm, I suppose. She stopped right before our seat and knelt on one knee, right by the fire.

Pitou bowed her head low, her snowy white tail settling on grass as she spoke.

"I am Neferpitou, a mere humble Familiar to my King. It is an honour to meet you, Satan Leviathan, King of Kings."

A raven-black eyebrow rose on Serafall's pretty face. "It's... very unusual to have a nekomata willingly take a familiar contract with a devil, especially one that's— Yes, she's much stronger than the average nekomata, isn't she?"

Pitou said nothing under the Satan's stare.

"Rating Games have restrictions on powerful familiars, she'll need to be registered if she's to participate in any matches at all. However... that can come later," Serafall looked over to me, "Mal-kun, as the Satan of Foreign Relations, I have to ask: Is she, or has at any point been, affiliated with any of the Youkai factions? Especially the Kyoto or Kanto ones."

"C-Course not!" I smiled, eager to clarify that I wasn't causing a diplomatic incident myself by kidnapping Koneko's cousin or something to make into my familiar. "In fact, she's not youkai at all! Tell her, Pitou."

Pitou kept her head bowed as she spoke. "I am a wholly different being from what one would refer to as 'Nekomata' and merely possess a passing resemblance to them. Nothing more."

"Not a Nekomata?" Serafall looked over to Pitou's white cat tail, "What are you then?"

"I am a chimera ant, O' Satan Leviathan."

The campfire popped.

"Chi-" Serafall lost her voice mid-word, eyes wide like my catgirl had grown another head, then as if I had grown one too. "A chimera? I guess I shouldn't be surprised... but still! Mal-kun, when were you going to tell me anytime soon that you made one into your familiar?"

That last question even came with a pointed stare levelled straight at me.

"Truth is I only came by her not too long ago," I answered honestly. Couldn't do much else when I didn't even know what I did wrong! "She wasn't with me then when we first crossed paths over at the Griffon Grand Hotel. And after that, there didn't seem like the right hour to bring it up, especially not after getting tangled up with a nekomata losing her marbles. No sense in stirring up even more rumours and speculations about my character than Rias Gremory already had! I reckoned I could at least wait till after the investigation cooled people down before I show her off. Hell, I didn't think I'd end up getting a familiar so soon. I can tell you that!"

All the sharpness in Serafall's eyes softened into confusion. "She was... handed to you after you arrived and met Rias? And you didn't know in advance?"

"Pretty much," I said back without hesitation. I'd made peace with how the Chaos Gacha gives what it gives; all I could do was be grateful for the good rolls that I get. "And I'm glad to have gotten Neferpitou here... 'cause she's a hell of a familiar! Barely a year old and more loyal than any devil of a hundred years too!"

"I emerged merely four months ago, my King." Pitou intoned, head still bowed. "But I am ready to dedicate all that I am to you for as long as I draw breath."

I smiled at Serafall. "See? Incredibly loyal!"

"Familiars invariably are, but few are admittedly capable of saying it out loud," the Satan said, lips still pressed into a thin line, as if she was chewing on a thought. She glanced at the catgirl for a moment, but eventually settled on me. Her voice softening, almost hesitant, maybe even shy. "Mal-kun... if you don't mind me asking, do you think your family was involved with her being here?"

I blinked, then laughed at the thought. "Nope, I'm pretty darn sure they didn't send Pitou here! I mean sure, she'd be hard to pick out from Nebiros Valley if you didn't know her! I even know a couple back home with the same shape of ears like hers, one of them almost the same shade of white too! But let me tell you: Neferpitou hasn't got a drop of Nebiros DNA in her, she's 100% pure Chimera-ant-catgirl, so to speak. But... she's family now in my books."

"M-mrrrm, I am not worthy," The catgirl purred as I gave her an affectionate pat on the head, ruffling her fluffy white hair and scratching the back of her cat ears.

"Kinda wish everyone home were half as easy to deal with as this one, in fact. Satan knows I'd have a lot less trouble back home." I winced slightly. "Though... speaking of trouble, I might get into some for bringing a non-devil into the house. We're not supposed to bring anything inside, unless it's cattle to be butchered, but... I'm sure he'd make an exception for my familiar!"

"C-cattle? Nevermind, Mal-kun, you report straight to the director of your whole House?"

"I wouldn't call dad the 'director' of Nebiros valley..." I scratched my chin as I thought about it.

Dad didn't just have the loudest voice in town, but he had a real knack for making people listen to him too. Whether it was cajoling stubborn devils or brokering agreements between the town hotheads (and we had many)... he was a natural orator of a rooster-devil. Or maybe, it's because he'd gotten everyone in the valley used to following his voice since he'd been doing that cockadoodledoo call first thing at 'morning' for the past few hundred years without fail.

'Just doing my civic duty for the community!' Dad would say. 'Getting lazy, no-account devils outta their beds, that is! Ain't no time for lollygaggin', dillydallyin', or shilly-shallyin' around in dreamland when there's Satanic deeds needing doing!' And he would say it often too as he was mighty proud of what he did.

"... But I guess he does sorta calls the shots around town? No one else does."

"So, you're the heir of House Nebiros?" came Serafall's whisper. Blue eyes glittering like very interested gems under the firelight.

"Now hold on," I protested, "My great-grandpapi might be Zaoroma Nebiros, but—"

"The Zaoroma Nebiros?"

"Yes?" I was gonna say that the entire town descends from him. I was on the line of inheritance for sure, but more than half the town had to pass up the opportunity first! But for that same reason, curiosity stopped me short too. "You... wouldn't know where he is, would you? Seeing you're a Satan and all."

"No...?" Serafall said, looking just as surprised and confused as I was. "No one's seen Zaoroma Nebiros since the Civil war! We didn't even know House Nebiros still existed!"

"Ah, no one in town knows where he is neither."

"I see..." She murmured, looking deep in thought before smiling back at me. "But as expected of one of the Six Houses of Lucifer, even without your Head of House, it sounds like your family keeps Nebiros Valley in an admirable state of affairs."

"That's right! It's hard work, but we manage!" I smiled, "I finished setting up this new system just last year in fact, a mighty clever one too if I do say so myself! Haven't had anything slip past it in a while neither! We just—"

That eager smile dropped from my face as I realised what I had almost come close to saying.

How I was gonna tell the Satan Leviathan all about that new paddock fencing system I spent all of last year building, and all about the cattle I herd through them, about the devil-coyotes and devil-hogs that I chase off, about the devil-cotton and devil-sugar and devil-opium that I helped grow myself, about my sisters in their dusty train yard and their neverending excitement for the trains that stop in it, about the town's top three favourite watering holes... and about how the Satan-loving folk of Nebiros all had their place in town, doing their humble professions.

Yes, I stopped myself from telling her how we were all just small-devil-town devils.

Us. House Nebiros. One of the Six Houses of Lucifer.

Because there wasn't a devilish soul in the valley who didn't know where our family stood: Yes sir, House Nebiros were one of the Lucifer Six! Servants of Satan above most, and every Nebiros there was damn proud of it! So...

... What was one of the Six Houses of Lucifer doing out in the middle of nowhere in the Underworld?

"You just…?" Serafall's soft voice prompted, her blue eyes shining in the night.

And it was at that moment, sitting there in the crackling, orange glow of the campfire with the Satan Leviathan waiting for a straight answer that I realised that I didn't have one to give her. Like having a ningen president ask some washed-up citizen why their once-wealthy family who lived at the top-rung of the social ladder was now holed up in a weather-beaten cabin in the wilderness past the end of the map.

"We just..."

And for the first time since I've left home, I felt my face burn in shame.

I didn't think much of it until now. Why dad never let a supper pass without talking about the standing of our House and over our lack of ningens.

Because as much as it stung to admit it, House Nebiros has fallen far from grace like dad said. Nebiros Valley might be expansive, but all we had were fields and prairies, and creeks and woods, and the satanic kin of Nebiros to inhabit them. Not like the rest of the 72 Pillar Houses who had cities with skyscrapers and stadiums and tens of thousands of peasantry families answering to them. Yeah, we see them 72 Pillar House cities a lot on TV, and while no soul in Nebiros Valley ever much longed to turn our quiet stretch of countryside into some bustling city (not even me), it still gnawed at a devil's pride all the same.

House Nebiros was from the Lucifer Six, one of the six families who served Satan almighty directly dammit! Folks like our family shouldn't be living humbler than half the Underworld!

... But that's exactly what House Nebiros did.

We lived humbly with not much to our name anymore. All we had were old stories of how we used to be great... and not even proper stories at that, just scraps passed around over casual conversation around dusty porches and quiet campfires. Half-remembered pride for an even less-remembered history. All of it circling back to the same question that no one in town could bear to ask one another.


How could we have let House Nebiros fall so far?
​

"W-we just keep to ourselves out there in the valley," I said, looking away and rubbing the back of my neck. "I mostly do routine work myself, keeping a close eye on everything! I-it's a handful maintaining the domain of a Lucifer Six house, I can tell you that!"

It wasn't much of an answer, barely even an awkward excuse. But it was all I got on me.

"Oh, it's okay if you can't say much!" Serafall said quickly with a smile. "Far be it from me to pry into the affairs of House Nebiros! I'm just glad you're here now, Mal-kun, you've been a great help!"

"Thanks..." I said, glancing up at the glittering night sky, part-covered the forest canopy. "I'm just finding my place in the Underworld..."

It'd been simple when I left Nebiros Town: Just keep taking the fight upwards. Get close enough to grab those perfect, gleaming, feathered varmints looking down from their gold-white thrones... and drag them down and make them squawk. Just as Satan Intended. But them angels can wait their turn to be blasted to heck, because I realise now that there's a more important fight to be won right here... and that was the fight for the family name.

My Lucifer blood burned in my veins at the prospect.

House Nebiros, the only House of the Lucifer Six still standing, and I'm gonna make that mean something again. The Six Houses of Lucifer were feared for a reason once, and I'm gonna be the reason why it will again. I'm gonna pick up the House Nebiros name from the dirt, give it a good ole polish, and hang it back where it belongs: straight at the top where everyone can see it and where they can shake in their boots at the sight of it again.

"Mrr~rrm," Neferpitou purred under my hand.

Because if there was any single devil among all the Satanic kin of House Nebiros who could pull it off, it would be me, and the pure chaotic horsefeathers that I could pull. Even now, a Silver and two Gold rested in the back of my mind, ready to be cashed in the moment Serafall left. But there was one last thing I needed to know...

I looked up to meet Satan in the eye, the twin-tailed girl in pink giggled. "You have that look in your eye again, Mal-kun. Something on your mind?"

"I do." I nodded, "Hypothetically, would the 72 Pillars and the Underworld at large accept a Lucifer Six house back?"

Blue eyes widened in surprised delight, and Serafall's entire face broke into a radiant smile.

"OH, ABSOLUTELY☆! I—"

!

The world snapped like a video skipped forward.

The forest was now upside-down, and so was my cabin, hanging down like long, woody beards from a chin of grass and dirt. A blink later, and I recognised that I was the one hanging upside down, slung over my catgirl's slender back like a sack of potatoes. My face pressed right against her pert ass cheek as she stood in a cat-like half-crouch, her white tail swishing in front of my eyes.

"Pitou, what in blazes?!"

The catgirl's tense voice came. "My King, her hand moved to pluck your liver."

I twisted as much as my undignified position allowed, craning for a better look. "What?"

"Pfft, hehehe☆! It's alright, Pitou-chan. I just wanted to shake Mal-kun's hand, not his liver."

From my upside-down vantage between Pitou's tight orange shorts, I caught sight of Serafall standing up from the bronze bench, and said catgirl's thighs tightened right before my eyes. Pitou was ready to bolt at one wrong move. Serafall must have noticed too, because for a flicker of the campfire, that easy grin cracked and real panic slid in those blue eyes. Her smile turned nervous and she stopped in her tracks, worried that Pitou might just vanish with me slung over her shoulder like stolen goods. Me too, I didn't fancy reaching mach speed upside down and leading with my rear end.

Except before I could defuse the situation myself, Serafall got to talking.

"I promise, I just got a little too excited and moved a little too fast!" She aimed her apology at my face that was dangling upside down between catgirl thighs. "Sorry for spooking your familiar like this☆~!"

That made Neferpitou wait long enough for me to respond.

" 's alright," I managed after a second and gave my catgirl's hip a pat, "You can set me back on my feet now, Pitou. It was just a false alarm."

She did, and immediately bowed. "My King, my deepest apologies for—!"

"It's all right, you silly cat," My fingers ran across her scalp gently. "You were just looking out for me."

I didn't hold it against Neferpitou for reacting this way. Couldn't really. We were both outsiders to this Earth in our own different ways. I came all the way from the wild countryside beyond the edges of most Underworld maps; she came all the way from her grimdark, blood-and-scheming dystopia and was now here in this romcom boob anime. It wasn't one lick surprising that she misinterpreted what was supposed to be a funny visual gag as an attempt to disembowel me.

Still, a misunderstanding was a misunderstanding. So, fixing my hat, I stepped over to the Satan watching with curious, blue eyes and...

"Sorry about Pitou being jumpy. You were saying?"

...I offered my hand with a smile that said 'let's just forget that happened.'

"Hehehe☆!" She laughed as she took my hand, and we shook. "I just wanted to say that as Satan☆Leviathan that the 72 Pillars would never—not in a million years—turn away a House. Extra Demon or 72 Pillar or otherwise! But especially one as respected as House Nebiros! You, your House, and any other House out there will always have a place in devil society! Magical Girl Levia-tan☆ Guarantee!"

"That's a great relief to hear, Serafall!" I smiled after shaking off my surprise. "Much obliged!"

"You're always welcome, Mal-kun!" Serafall said, beaming before her eyes flicked upward a heartbeat later, catching on the glow of the full moon hanging in the starry sky. "Oh, it's that time already?! It's been really fun, Mal-kun, but the Underworld needs its magical girl☆! She can only skip out on work for so long, you know? Hehehe☆~!"

Two golds and a silver smoldered in my soul, impatient to be ignited.

"Of course!" I replied with a nod, smiling despite myself. "Don't let me keep you."

"Take care, Mal-kun," The twin-tailed Satan waved back. Her smile lit up with pink light as a glowing magical circle spun to life beneath her ribboned shoes. Her pink miniskirt fluttering lightly in a soft breeze. She glanced over her shoulder, "Oh, and one last thing... Introduce yourself to Sona-tan properly, would you?"

"Meet the sis. Got it," I said with a nod and a smile to reassure her, "We'll play nice this time. Might even bring her a fresh fruit basket and everything."

"She'd appreciate it a lot!" She beamed a brilliant smile, and with a twirl of her star-tipped wand and a shout, "Well, see you soon, Mal-kun! Magical Girl Levia-tan☆ away~!"

The Satan disappeared in a flash of pink light, and I collapsed back onto the bronze bench.

"Are you alright, my King?" Neferpitou was beside me in a blink.

"Yeah..." I said, taking my hat off just so that I could run my hand tiredly through my hair, "Part of me was worried that she wouldn't buy my lack of explanation for House Nebiros. Honestly, I wouldn't either. So, I'm glad it all worked out somehow!"

"I humbly apologise for being spotted!" She bowed her head again. "Her Demonic Power flared to alarming levels and I had shifted my position to better come to your aid. I had mistakenly thought my In would be enough to hide my presence from her, but her eyes were sharper than I had anticipated. Far sharper than any ningen I had encountered before. Hunters included."

"I figured as much," I put my hat back on. "But at least, if you can almost sneak by a Satan, you can almost sneak by anything. All things considered.. Good work, Neferpitou."

"You are too kind, my King."

"Well, dealing was always gonna be risky business, but I can't say I was ready for it or that the reward ain't commensurate..." I eyed the warped metal beside me and the bronze-cast shape of the Satan Leviathan's thighs.

[Bronze Creation] told me that the amber-brown metal had been cold forged into an outline of Serafall's powerful thighs. [King of All Trades] helpfully added that all metals heats as it undergoes deformation. And together, they told me that bronze this thick would have taken an entire freight train to deform it into this shape, and that I was NOT at the level where my torso was strong enough to get run over by one and come out unscathed. [Bitch Breaker] disagreed with them both, saying that 'Nah, I'd win.'

But straining my devil-eyes, that's when I noticed... I could see that at the apex there was just the faintest impression of the Satan Leviathan's puffy...

I do declare this bench a Nebiros family heirloom!


Feat Achieved! — One-of-a-Kind, baby!
Acquire your first unique and priceless artifact
+1 Silver Gacha Ticket

...
​

"And now I got two silvers and two golds!" I laughed.

"Hrm? Silver and Gold, my King?"

"Power doesn't come in a steady trickle for me like most devils," I tipped my hat back just enough to let me watch the moon. "I reckon me and you got that in common: I draw new abilities now and again, much in the same way you go shaping Nen abilities out of nothing. Well, almost the same. Mine needs a bit more coaxing than yours, coming in shells that I crack open like a walnut. Fickle like walnuts too, sometimes I split one open and find it packed with nut, sometimes it's just a sorry scrap bouncing inside."

"Mrm, and you name them as metals corresponding to their general potency?"

"Right in one, you clever cat!" I laughed, running my fingers through her downy white hair. "And I'm hoping these two Silvers and two Golds will get me lots tonight."

"Mr~rm, i-is there anything I can do to aid you, my King?"

I shook my head. "Afraid not. It's all luck now, Pitou. At best, you can be my lucky cat and keep close."

"Yes, my King!" The catgirl slid into the space on the bench beside me, nuzzling her cheek against my side, white tail flicking.

"Clingy cat..." I chuckled as I burned the first Silver Gacha Ticket.


[View Air] |Uncommon Ability| (Silver Ticket)
Allows you to share your senses with the air around you, allowing you to map the world around you through the wind. The base range is 1km but it can be improved with training and base stats.

...
​

I closed my eyes for a second, and let the wind guide me across the lands...

It ran along the smooth grass, and I felt the furry shape of the critters scurrying through them. It drifted through the forest and I counted the rough-barked trees as it drifted around them. It washed over the smooth-painted concrete of one of the nearby ningen homes, and I felt it slip under the gaps underneath the doors, down their corridors and into their rooms. The youngest's steady breathing was warm as she slept soundly in her bedroom. Her downy-soft seifuku and her plastic-coated ID swayed silently under her electric fan's setting. It was a sensation that I felt all across Kuoh Town: the breaths of sleeping ningen, their electric fans and their air conditioners.

Wherever the wind touched, I felt. Like breath on my hand, like borrowing a sense the world hadn't meant for me to have.

This would be real handy at home. 'Cause as much as I want to claim that I knew Nebiros Valley like the back of my hand, there still were trails I hadn't ridden.

I wouldn't say it was better than the [Byakugan], but an ability to let me map open paths around obstacles does have its uses. Hell, it'll be a whole lot easier to map out the Kuoh underground now than staring at walls and trying to make heads or tails of all the corridors. Just got to follow the flow of the wind... it won't help with anything locked airtight, but that's what [Byakugan] was for.

"Mr~rm," Neferpitou purred louder, drawing closer to me as if...

"... you sensed that?" I asked, and she tilted her head, her red eyes looking up at me guilelessly.

"Yes, my King, your Demonic Power grew as you said it would."

That got me thinking. If I was a powerless ningen, I wouldn't have been able to make use of all these abilities on my own. The mana costs would have been larger than my maximum mana pool so to speak. [Intermediate Item Construction] by its lonesome would have drained a normal ningen's reserves after enchanting the first spell totem. That extra boost in reserves to be able to use these abilities... It must be coming free with every roll in the Chaos Gacha. But the question that came after was... How big was the bonus? Did it scale with the ticket grade or the ability level? Both? Neither?

Rubbing my chin, I muttered. "Pitou, I'm gonna crack open the next one, and you tell me if it's more or less than what you felt."

"Mrm!" She nodded, but didn't move from my side.

I burned the other Silver Gacha Ticket.


[Stim] |Uncommon Ability| (Silver Ticket)
Flood your body with natural stem cells that will start rebuilding your body, warning, this consumes a lot of stamina and resources from your body. Doing it without any nutrients to rebuild your body won't work and will only harm you instead. You can also inject these cells into other people through the exchange of fluids.

...
​

"It seemed to be the same increase, my King."

"Figured as much..." I clicked my tongue. Unlucky, I was hoping for a Rare, but instead, I got the same ticket grade and same ability level. At least, we know that the bonus power up wasn't a random amount. As for the ability itself... Curiously, I formed a bronze scalpel, and pumped its edge with just enough demonic power to nick my forearm, pressed it just enough to draw blood.

"My King?!"

"Just testing my new healing..." I settled the catgirl down, before activating [Stim].

There wasn't any fancy lightshow like other spells oft do, the wound just closed like you'd close an eye, leaving nothing but smooth skin. I didn't even feel a drain in my Demonic Power, but that could change for bigger scrapes.

Jackpot!

It didn't even matter if it was an 'uncommon' ability!

Healing magic was rare, top-shelf stuff here in DxD and not something just anyone could learn from tomes and grimoires. Otherwise, the Phenex's wouldn't have gotten so filthy rich peddling their Phoenix Tears! So, if there was one thing to wish from the Chaos Gacha in DxD, it was healing magic, and I got mine in [Stim].

I wiped the blood off my forearm, and nodded at the unmarked patch of skin where a wound had just been.

I'd have to put it through its paces and see if I could mend more than just a flesh wound like regrowing a limb, but either way, it was still a pretty big ace up my sleeve. Cost me nutrients, sure, but I'd already mapped that out with [King of All Trades] and its cooking subskill. Just fuller dinner plates with heartier meals to keep my engine stoked twice or even thrice over when the spells do start flying. I gotta eat like a big boy if I want to heal through things like the Power of Destruction after all! That meant more food, but a quick glance around told me we had space to expand the gardens around my cabin; [Nature's Child] will handle the rest, keeping whatever I plant healthy.

But since I've only started to plant, I might have to forage a bit. I did promise the Satan that I'd get her little sis a fruit basket.

And wasn't that reassuring? Having a Satan in my corner.

When I rode out of Nebiros Valley, I was expecting to be treated like the outsider that House Nebiros was. Lucifer Six, yes, but still a stranger moseying into town, someone to be suspicious of. Someone who had a lot to prove before he could be trusted. I didn't expect people holding doors for me, or tipping their hats with smiles. And I sure as hell didn't expect a Satan herself to come down off her high perch and give me this job.

"Pitou. I've got a good feeling about this one." I said, and I wasn't just talking about this Gold Gacha Ticket that I was about to burn either.

"Mrm!"

Because sitting here with my warm chimera-ant-catgirl, up two abilities and with two more Gold Tickets ready to be burned, I can say...

... Yeah, I think things are looking fantastic diplomacy-wise for me and House Nebiros!

[Falbium's Command Center - Underworld]

The double doors slammed open under Sirzechs' demonic power.

"Serafall, I came as fast as I could!" He called out, marching in urgent strides through the doorway.

There weren't many things that he was willing to skip dinner with Rias-chan for, but this—a fellow Satan sounding the metaphorical iceberg alarm on their already leaky ship of a civilization—was one of them. Grayfia followed close behind him, matching his pace just past the billowing edge of his blue cape as they entered Falbium's mancave. The hum of drink chillers and the flashing of arcade machines greeting them inside. And there, at the far end of the room, rummaging behind a frosted drink chiller door, a figure in pink stood.

"Serafall!" He called out to her, "What's the situation with House Nebiros?! And... are you drinking?"

Bottle in hand, his old friend looked up, her dark twin-tails seemingly drooping like they'd given up, and she laughed. "Why wouldn't I be?" She said with a shake of her head, popping open the bottlecap as she muttered. "They got it, Sirzechs-chan. House Nebiros got it."

"What did they g..."

"Can I talk with Sirzechs-chan in private for a minute, Grayfia?"

The Serafall Leviathan who stared at him with her blue eyes wasn't the one he was slowly getting accustomed to. Not the one who was all sunshine and rainbows. She might still call him 'Sirzechs-chan' and everything, and her voice might still have that faintly cheery lilt. But her dark hair fell straight down rather swaying and bouncing. And she'd forgotten to constantly smile. Old Serafall, the one before Sona was born, was close to breaking through the cracks again.

His wife's red eyes looked over to him, hands folded over her petticoat's lap, awaiting for his word. He nodded back.

"Grayfia, if you'd kindly."

"As you command, my Satan Lucifer." She bowed obediently and quietly let herself out of the command center. The doors clicking shut behind her.

Serafall exhaled. "Remember the documents we gathered from Lord Lucifuge's office at the end of the Civil War?" she said softly, "All those correspondence between the Old Satans and the Six Houses of Lucifer? Intelligence reports from House Fleurity and Algaliarept... Orders to House Satanachia and Sargatanas... Project updates from House Nebiros?"

Sirzechs immediately knew what direction this was going in.

"Don't tell me the Nebiros kid brought one with him..."

There had been a thousand different projects to develop a hundred different curses, a hundred different poisons and a hundred different plagues. Most of them, initiated and cancelled long before any of them were even born, casualties to the ever-shifting tactical and strategic needs of the Great War. Others were completed, and promptly unleashed upon the ranks of the Angels and the Fallen. Even today, survivors of such horrors still glare at them from across the room in bilateral meetings, as if they were the one who ordered its deployment centuries before.

If Malal Nebiros was in possession of one of the more virulent anti-Fallen magical plagues described in those documents...

"Serafall." He said firmly. "Which. Project?"

Without even glancing, she lazily waved her pink star-tipped wand, and the ultrawide screen behind them lit up.

Blood red eyes stared through the screen, holding such fierce intensity that Sirzechs almost missed that it was only a still image. A picture of a girl—a snarling nekomata—in a dark forest, standing half-crouched as if ready to pounce. Wavy snow white hair, and a cat tail curling out from a blue overcoat and orange shorts... and a shadow of a body slung over her shoulder.

"... What am I looking at?" Sirzechs asked quietly.

"Mal-kun's super-strong chimera-familiar: Neferpitou-chan."

"Chi- A chimera...?" He stared at the nekomata.

"Yes," Serafall replied, taking a swig, "That was my reaction too."

There hadn't been any shortage of those grand projects. Wonder weapons meant to win the Great War in a single move. Chimeras were one of them, belonging to an umbrella project meant to address Devilkind's low fertility rates. Or more specifically, their increasing shortage of powerful warriors. And in their now ancient reports to Lord Lucifuge, House Nebiros promised the Old Satans an army that could be raised regardless of Devilkind's population. In other words...

If blood was currency in war, then House Nebiros had promised them infinite riches.

An endless horde of powerful demonic beings, distilled from the flesh of magical creatures and reborn with demonic power, ready to fight and die for the Underworld. For the Old Satans. For each devil alive, there would be ten of these powerful creatures ready to die for them. Blindingly loyal and unflinchingly obedient. An army to overwhelm the angels and the fallen. Taking Heaven and Earth, inch by blood-strained inch, drowning their enemies in a tide of bodies, winning the Old Satans the Great War once and for all.

... But it never came to pass. The project was cancelled by House Nebiros themselves, hundreds of years before the Civil War. No Chimera was ever reported to be produced for the war effort, and no chimera was even seen.

Until now.

Until this picture that now filled the entire wall of a Satan's command centre. Claws and fangs bared at the camera, staring with blood red eyes. A chimera who just happened to also be the familiar of the first Nebiros seen in five hundred years.

"Don't tell me that House Nebiros... restarted their chimera project?" Sirzechs muttered.

"They had more than five hundred years out there, Sirzechs-chan."

Clearly, the previous administration's bioweapons division hadn't stopped in those five hundred years. In fact, they were flourishing, churning out weapons meant to restart and end the Great War. What would it look like to Heaven and the Grigori when they have such weapons?

"You mentioned that she was powerful... on what basis?" He asked, still staring at the white-haired nekomata-chimera shown on the screen. If this Neferpitou was benign, if it was weak, they could pass it off as a novelty rather than a weapon...

But quietly, Serafall set down her whiskey bottle, and opened her gloved palm. A trio of cuts like claw marks had slashed open the fabric, revealing slivers of her pale palm under the dark cloth.

Sirzechs fell silent.

"I got too excited and rushed to shake Mal-kun's hand," Serafall said with a soft chuckle, "And for that tiny fraction of a second when it wasn't clear whether I was attacking him or not, Pitou-chan reacted. She scratched away my hand and moved Mal-kun to the other side of his camp. Hehe... She's very fast, I'll give her that."

The chimera's claws didn't pierce skin, of course, this conversation would have been entirely different if it did. But those gloves had been steeped in her demonic power, even damaging them would have been beyond the capability of the vast majority of devils in the Underworld. Her claws slashing at the soles of Ultimate-class, and that assumed that the chimera had been serious in her attack. For all they knew, she could be more powerful than that.

"Satan..." He swore under his breath. The irony of him, the current Satan Lucifer, swearing to that name was never lost to him.

The burden of their predecessor's sins grew heavier each decade, especially when they resurfaced like this. Like old corpses washing up onto their most popular beaches. Why couldn't a House with less horrifying specialties have resurfaced instead? Like the Dantalions with their wards? Or the Decarabia with their cute birds?

"And you know the best part? By her own words, she's barely four months old," Serafall told him, then scoffed. "Can you imagine that, Sirzechs-chan? A high-class being—something that would normally have taken centuries—was grown in a pod as quickly as you'd grow a tomato. Zaorama Nebiros had finally achieved what he'd been rumoured to be chasing: House Nebiros' own holy grail. The artificial creation of powerful, obedient demonic creatures. But... I realised after that things are a lot worse than that."

"They have more, don't they?" Sizechs said with an exhale, and Serafall nodded.

"A lot more, it sounds like."

"Are you sure?"

"Mal-kun let it slip that he was in charge of containment systems," She said with a sad smile, "He's proud of it too, and said that he hasn't 'let any slip past it' lately."

Horror pricked at him. "So House Nebiros' control over their own chimera isn't perfect?"

"Or the control mechanisms are only introduced in the later stages of 'production.' " Serafall replied evenly, Her gaze shifted to the frozen image of the chimera, to the look in those slitted red eyes, "Neferpitou has that look in her eyes, don't you agree, Sirzechs-chan? Like a cornered animal, she knows that she can't win, but she was ready to die throwing herself at me anyway. Ready to die for her master. That kind of loyalty… You don't even see it in a lot of Pillar House soldiers anymore."

His friend's blue eyes lingered on the image.

"House Nebiros likely has an army of Pitou-chans by now," Her voice dropped, quieter now, heavier. "If they can produce one every four month—and that's assuming that they've only been making one at a time, which we know they aren't—how many more could they have made in five hundred years? What do you think that means for us?"

"I know," Sirzechs sighed, "Empty Quiver."

That was the codeword humans use to name the loss or theft of their nuclear weapons. Their greatest and most destructive weapon, spirited away from their possession, lost somewhere unknown and possibly in the hands of hostile actors.

And House Nebiros was theirs. An old relic from an even older war. Lying somewhere beyond their reach.

Still armed and still beeping.

"Peace... is going to be a lot harder than we thought." Sirzechs just groaned, running his palm over his face and through his red hair.

"Nope! That's not it. I'll tell you☆" She took another long pull from her bottle.

Her small and deceptively strong hand latched onto his armoured shoulders, and Sirzechs barely had time to register the grip before her face was inches from his now. Her eyes locked onto his, her alcohol breath tickling his nose, and her lips stretched in a wide smile again.

It didn't reassure him.

"Sirzechs-chan☆" she said with her bright smile, "We are sooo f—"

[Mal's Homestead]

"—FIRE! I'm on fire tonight!" I laughed, holding my new winnings up high. "Took near forever, but I finally got what I've been chasing since I left the valley!"

"Mrrr, Well done, my King!" Pitou celebrated with me, with her little golf claps. "May I ask... what is it that you have been searching for?"

"Spells," I answered. "Stuff that I could use to make more things like Ichabod over there."

"Mrm... like Nen abilities that you can copy, my King?" She asked, her eyes going to the prize in resting my hands.

"That's right!" I laughed. "And boy howdy was this a good roll."

On my lap, a thick book sat heavy, bound in midnight blue leather. Pure silver embossments curled in shining, lustrous shapes across the hard leather cover, forming an intricate crest like the sigils of devil Houses. Obviously a ningen one or a vampire one judging by the longsword and staff crossed over a circular shape. Devil Houses were formed long before ningens had the metallurgy for longswords after all. No title neither, as if the crest explained itself enough. But Moonlight seemed to leak from between the closed pages.


[Tome of Rennala] |Elite Item|
Elden Ring - A tome containing the research and magic of the Carian Royal family, allowing those who study it to learn and wield the Carian Sorceries.

...
​

[Structural Analysis] gave me the rundown.

Fine vellum pages, each one expertly made from stretched lambskin. Black ink, from a mixture of oak galls and black iron. And the leather cover was... some kind of drake leather, meticulously dyed blue under a full moon with Carian woad. The book was wreathed with magic too, something to preserve it from both harm and the elements. Didn't tell me the process of how it was cast, but I got the gist of how it worked. [King of All Trades] and [Intermediate Item Construction] reckoned that I could make something similar with what I already knew.

Meanwhile, the rest of the book was written like a medieval manuscript, but since I was a devil, I was right at home with those. Most of our stuff was written in medieval era! But what caught my attention the most was how on the first page, there was a foreword, written with a graceful hand.


- ☾ -

Thou who opens this tome, cast aside thy arrogance of mastery.
For Her motion yieldeth not to mortal will, nor Her mysteries waxeth to thy yearnings.
O pupil of Caria, take these words to marrow. Be as the night, made canvas to Her Grace. Be as the tide, drawn though Her cause lieth veiled. Be as the glassy pool, stilled that Her majesty pale reflects upon thine own eyes.

So writ I, Rennala, Queen of Caria, who hath kept long vigil under Her pale ward, pray thee: cast off what thou art, and be born anew.

- ☾ -
​

A hand written note from Rennala, Queen of Feet, herself? Now, ain't that nice of...

"Wait a minute... Did I just read this book without opening it?" I muttered in surprise, glancing at the still closed book like it tried to pull a fast one on me. Did I just memorise the entire thing? Just like that? I guess I never thought to try it on a book before.

Just to be sure, I tried out a spell from the book.

I waved a hand over my head. The Nebiros sigil flashed for a sec, and a spectral dagger of blue light appeared like a card trick. Pitou and I stared at the Magic Glintblade just floating there, pointy end forward, just waiting for a target. "Uh... there!" I pointed at a chunk of firewood resting on a treestump. "Get that—"

The glintblade shot like an arrow, leaving a gleaming trail of blue from how fast it moved. Sure enough, it split the wood right in half and almost did the same to the stump itself right before it disappeared in a splash of magic blue glitter. The damage was barely anything to write home about compared to Firebolt or Lightning Bolt or Waterblast. But... it was dirt cheap to cast; I didn't even feel it take a sip of Demonic Power!

I tried another.

Carian Slicer conjured a pale and ghostly longsword almost half as tall as me, right into my palm. Light as a feather, the sword was, barely any heft to it. But I suppose it was why it was called 'Carian Slicer' and not ' Carian Chopper.' And testing it on a piece of demonic-power infused bronze, I could say this ghost blade was as sharp as it looked: unnaturally sharp.

"Mrm, shiny."

[Structural Analysis] told me exactly what was what. How this magic blade was conjured, how it sustained itself against reality, and how it responded to my will. [King of All Trades] and [Intermediate Item Construction] were already filling up the mental board again, the Moon shining in their eyes.

Their conclusion?

Ichabod the Imperfect just got a ranged attack and magic shining wristblades... and Satan's Top Guy just got himself a brand new set of spell totems!


[Falbium's Command Center - Underworld]


"Kill him. Kill him and his chimera now. Then hunt down the rest of House Nebiros before the other factions discover this!"
​

Serafall knew that the maid would react badly.

Aju-kun arrived, Falbi was... working from home again, and Grayfia was let in to be brief. Yep, just lined the three of them up, showed them Pitou-chan's picture and briefed them of what they knew so far. Falbi's bright man-cave with all its flashing arcade lights and treats at least softened the blow, just disquiet rather than a full panic. But to Grayfia's credit, her 'plan' would work if they could pull it off. IF. And it definitely sounded tempting right now: Just tossing all of Devilkind's (read: the Old Satans') oopsies-daisies into an incinerator then look innocent as everyone just gets on with their lives.

Serafall Sitri (aged 17) would have approved, but Serafall Leviathan (age a secret☆), who was sitting reclined on a massage chair and nursing her drink.

"And you guys call me the meatbrain☆!"

Sirzechs-chan and Aju-kun just sighed now that she lit the fuse. Meanwhile, Grayfia rounded on her with her stern red eyes. "My Satan Leviathan, with all due respect—"

Serafall scoffed into her bottle.

"—Heaven and the Grigori would not look kindly at what is essentially the Underworld's rearmament for war. If they already know, then we must disavow House Nebiros quickly. A whole Lucifer Six house is already a great provocation, but their stockpiles of bioweapons would be a damning one. Surely, you must know this as the Satanic Head of Foreign Relations?"

"Damning? You were there too when we had the same trouble when Aju-kun invented the Evil Pieces almost five hundred years ago!" She waved her bottle in his general direction.

But their Satanic Head of Technology Department chose not to comment as he stood with Sirzechs-chan, quietly talking.

"Every pantheon and every race was in an uproar!" Serafall continued, meeting the maid's blood-red stare, "They said all those things about how we had just invented a weapon to enslave humans and fallen and dragons and etcetera to benefit Devilkind, when it was just Aju-kun having found something interesting to tinker with! The only difference now is that House Nebiros is still technically a foreign power, that these Neferpitous are high-class from the start, and that we wouldn't have to appease other factions every time a devil reincarnates someone even mildly significant in their community! All we have to do is reintegrate House Nebiros through Mal-kun!"

"That is precisely the crux of the matter, Serafall-sama. They are not Beelzebub-sama nor trusted allies. They are House Nebiros, and they have been hoarding weapons for five-hundred-years to reignite the Great War. Their army of artificially-made high-class monstrosities certainly would do just that: threatening Earth, First Heaven and all the Grigori settlements in the Underworld at once. There is no true peace to be had when we have weapons at each other's throats! When we are constantly on the brink of war!"

The maid was the most vocal one for once, and no one in the command center was surprised.

The topic of the Six Houses of Lucifer was always a sore spot for her. Because out of the five of them, the former Lucifuge heiress was the one who had sacrificed the most for peace in the Civil War.

Serafall glanced up to the maid who stood over her, blocking in a shadow. Glanced at the hair in Lucifer-silver, braided and bowed in green ribbons. At the massive demonic power, dense yet agile, like a massive thrumming engine in idle. And at the heiress with the signature look of superiority. Her red eyes looking at her expectantly, waiting for an answer.

Serafall couldn't blame her. But the irony. Oh, the irony.

...

House Lucifuge...

The name was wrought into Devilkind's greatest monuments, even hewn into the foundations of Lucifaad itself.

House Lucifuge was the Original Satan's chosen blade. An entire devil lineage forged into a weapon, honed by hides of broken enemies and oiled in their gore, the instrument by which His wrath was made manifest as they unleashed tides of slaughter upon His foes.

Their sigil became a thing of dread across the Firmament.

Entire heavenly warhosts quaked at its sight of their banners. Heathen empires of now-extinct, lesser faiths burned beneath their advance. And even among the Original Satan's own servants, there were those who turned their gaze aside, unable to witness the heralds of the Original Satan's will in their entirety. Drenched in the blood of the uncounted, riding into battle to carry a singular command to His enemies: 'Die screaming.'

Serafall actually respected them herself, back then.

And yet, near the end of the Civil War—when the embers had only started to die—there the Lord Lucifuge lay broken, in a medical tent in the ruins of Valafar, his body failing. His final wish, spoken to Sirzechs Gremory, his enemy... and son-in-law.

'Let House Lucifuge be unmade.'

So it was decreed. And beneath the watch of all the Lords of the 72 Pillars and grieving armies of Lucifuge, the bloodline was extinguished. Banners burned. Blades and armours, tried in battles beyond counting, were cast into the crucibles. Their domain demolished to the last stone, their proud population scattered to domains across the Underworld.

The greatest of the Lucifer Six was willingly sacrificed on the altar of peace.

It was an acceptable tribute.

Devilkind, ravaged by the Civil War... weak and vulnerable, had 'disarmed' even further. Rolled over and showed their belly. And from that act of humility, the concord between Devil, Angel, and Fallen was strengthened. Clearly, Lord Lucifuge saw Sirzechs-chan's earnest wish for peace, and gave it to his son-in-law as both his blessing and the dowry.

She took a long swig, relishing how it burned. She still couldn't stand it. The fact that, out of the Four of them, she was the only one who actually hated☆ they had to do that.

...

The irony of it all.

Grayfia's father disbanded House Lucifuge to prove that the Four Satans would no longer rule through fear and overwhelming force. And now she argues that the only way to preserve peace is extermination. She preached that destroying weapons that had no place in peacetime, but even now, she was still one.

So, looking up to the maid still patiently waiting for her answer, Serafall said the worst thing she could say to the maid...

"I guess you'll always be Grayfia Lucifuge."

The maid, the strongest Queen in the entire Underworld, flinched. Strikes that would have vaporised high-class devils and six-winged angels would not have made her bat an eyelash, but being called by her own name made her like she had been slapped.

"Serafall!" Sizechs-chan was immediately there to rebuke her, a frown in the center of his handsome, crimson-maned outline.

"I'm sorry," she said to Grayfia, sincerely too, "But it's still the point that I'm making."

'Grayfia Gremory' was denied her happiness and her peace. Because, even after being destroyed, they still needed her House' strength. Its name was enough to give their enemies pause. And though House Lucifuge may be just a shadow of its former self, even the looming shadow of Satan's right hand was something to be feared, to be respected. To show that Devilkind wasn't defeated, wasn't to be taken advantage of.

If there would ever be true peace, then it would be as equals. And for that, they needed their strength back. All that they could regain. House Nebiros, more than most.

But if nothing else... Serafall understood.

Grayfia's grief-addled mother wastes away in a torpor, silently mourning for her father and her House. Her younger brother, missing for decades, possibly having thrown himself to the Old Satans faction or worse. Her House paid for its 'sins.' Meanwhile, here was another Lucifer Six House and they're getting special treatment.

Grayfia made to turn away, but stopped halfway to whisper. "We don't need them."

"We do. We really do."

Another shadow approaching, towering over where Serafall lay in her massage chair as it reached down and took her bottle away. "Serafall," Sirzechs-chan waved her bottle with a sigh, "we think you've had enough to drink."

"Fine~"

Looks like the maid was tagging her husband in.

"So, your proposed solution is to accept them and all their bioweapons, Serafall?" Sirzechs said, rather than ask. "I thought we were close to an actual peace talk? Just within the decade?"

"That's true. If only that was our only problem..." She grunted. "We could always negotiate our way to another peace talk, however many decades that would take. But what we can't negotiate our way out of is the Old Satan faction getting a hold of House Nebiros and all the research that they apparently hadn't stopped working on, because we drove them into their arms. You all know what that would lead to."

And Falbi's voice, their Satanic Head of Military Affairs, was the one to speak the words, echoing through the command center over the speakers.


"A Second Civil War."
​

There would be no going back from that for Devilkind. The 'first' one wiped out half the houses in the 72 Pillars and brought them to their knees; a second civil war would drive Devilkind to extinction. And the Old Satan faction were just the type of maniacs who would happily burn the whole Underworld down if it meant they could rule over the ashes and fling it into their Michael's and Azazel's eyes like pocket sand.

"But for contingency's sake, if we were to make the attempt..." their Crimson Lucifer considered. "... do we know anything else that could help in neutralizing House Nebiros?"

"Zaorama Nebiros is still alive, but is not in Nebiros Valley, and has not been for some time." She shared to them, "The Lord Nebiros has already gone off to start his next project. So, any hostile action against their base in Nebiros Valley won't take out their entire house. It took us five hundred years just to get even this first footprint of his. But we might cut it down to half and spend only two-hundred-fifty years for the next base, who knows☆~?"

Sirzechs-chan and Grayfia exchanged visibly worried looks over that the Original Lucifer's mad scientist was still on the loose.

Serafall winked playful at them. "Welcome to Magical Girl Levia-tan☆'s wonderful world of trying to find a way to deal with strange beings you can't kill no matter how much you want to~!"

"Wait..." Falbi's voice crackling over the speakers, participating much to everyone's surprise in the conversation of his own accord, "If the Lord Nebiros is absent, then who is leading the so-called Nebiros Valley?"

"His grandson, Mal-kun's father, is the acting Lord Nebiros of the site, and that makes Mal-kun himself... effectively the heir."

"But he's not officially?" Sirzechs-chan asked.

"He's definitely involved in the family business in all the ways an heir does. So, I told Sona-chan to receive him like he is. At this point, we really cannot trust anyone else to do it," Serafall said, before looking over to the former Astaroth and the former Glasya-Labolas, "Unless Latia-chan or Zephyrdor-chan are willing to accommodate him instead?"

"She's not ready for such a responsibility." / "He has the wrong temperament for diplomatic work."

"Then all our hopes are with Sona-tan now," Serafall shrugged, her massage chair's black leather squeaking under her shoulders. "But I genuinely think it will take a while. Mal-kun's pretty open and wears his heart on his sleeve, but he's still secretive about his family. I asked him what House Nebiros has been doing in Nebiros Valley, and you know how he reacted? Pure terror. He was terrified of me finding out, enough that all he could do was awkwardly deflect. 'Living quiet,' he said. Mal-kun's too honest... he can't really lie."

"Nebiros Valley must be a massive laboratory-fortress."

"What makes you say that, Aju-kun?" Serafall shifted to where she can just barely catch a glimpse of that wind-swept mop of green hair as he spoke.

"The scale needed to not just conduct this amount of research, but to also keep it secure against both internal and external threats, and against...." Ajuka stepped into view, face lit up by the screen as he stared up at it. At the image of Pitou-chan. "... against living weapons of this power, we're looking at something akin to a vast prison complex."

"Ajuka..." Falbi yawned through the speakers, "What exactly would those defenses entail?"

"A fortress to surpass those of any Pillar House's. The thickest walls, both magically and structurally reinforced. The most secure bulkhead doors meant to isolate crowds of high-class chimeras from each other. And interlocking spheres of security of... varying degrees of lethality. All reinforced by redundant systems that are crucial to any lab. Perhaps triple or quadruple redundancy, especially one of such monstrous size. Moreover it would boast a defense mechanism similar to that of many beast tamer Houses: Even if its walls were compromised, any invading force would need to contend with every hostile organism, every viral/chemical agent and otherwise hazardous materials the laboratory was containing."

Ajuka's long, green cape swayed as he turned around, looking the Crimson Lucifer in the eye.

"I assume that I do not need to explain how calamitous it would be if all of it were suddenly released out into the Underworld?"

"No," Sirzechs-chan just laughed it off, "But to be clear, Nebiros Valley is impregnable?"



"Girls! Have you seen your brother today?"

"Uh... onii-chan is still out working on the fence again today, attaching the hogwire! Probably? We dunno."

"Mm! He's activating the oink-reppelling force field! Zuuuuuu~"

"Well, there's a devil-hog on the loose right now in the devil-sugar! And I say, I say, what in tarnation's the point of building a fence to keep a hog out when we've already got one stomping around in? I told that boy—yes sir, I told him—'Son, cover that gap in the east corner first, that's where they sneak in!' But nooo, boy's likely out there sippin' iced tea and hammerin' wire in the shady part out north again, meanwhile a porker's treating the cane field like an all-you-can-eat buffet!"

"I'll handle it, sugar. Let me just whip up some dipping sauce."

​

"Very impregnable." nodded Ajuka.

Serafall scoffed. "It still surprises how often we miss these massive, sprawling fortified compounds just sitting in the open."

"Well that 'contingency plan' is at a dead end," Sirzechs sighed, massaging his temples and sneaking another glance at the pair of slitted red eyes staring down at them from the screen, "... so let's consider the more immediate matter at hand: His nekoshou-chimera familiar."

Serafall raised an interested eyebrow. "We're assuming that House Nebiros was involved in the Nekoshou Incident now?"

"Well, the pieces do fit..." Aju-kun supported Sirzechs-chan's hypothesis. "Both Nekoshou sisters were the wards of House Naberius, once a vassal house of House Nebiros. And House Naberius did have an MO of experimenting on and chemically-enhancing their peerages... of which the older Nekoshou was part of. The series of events are as follows: The Nekoshou incident occurs, House Naberius disappears without a trace, taking their research with them. And now the one Nebiros we've met reveals that he has a nekomata familiar. One that just so happens to somewhat resemble the nekoshou that reacted so strongly to his the sigil of House Nebiros. That's far too many coincidences."

"Also, Mal-kun also only got Pitou-chan after that incident with Rias-chan," She reminded them, "Obviously as a direct response. We already know that the rest of House Nebiros has been watching. Now we know that they're responding."

"And what are they trying to say by sending this Neferpitou?"

"I have no idea☆!" She chirped, "House Nebiros knows that if they wanted to talk-talk, they'd just send a chimera through the front door with an invitation and we'd all be dressed up over dinner right now. But nope, we get these mysterious signals instead."

"Ajuka," Sirzechs-chan slapped their friend on the back, "you're the scientist and used to thinking like one. Is it a threat?"

Aju-kun looked at him like he was stupid. "Your logic is flawed, but I suppose the conclusion still has merit. Hmmm..." he hummed in consideration, cupping his chin as he stared at Pitou-chan's picture, "I believe this is an exhibition. House Nebiros is letting their work speak for them, but at the same time, they've expressed their support of their heir by entrusting him with the fruits of their research. He may have run away, but they're on his side. However... I suppose it is ultimately still a show of force, or at least, of competence. If I am correct, we'll be seeing more of their projects revealed in time... I am unsure if I'm looking forward to that."

"So going forward, we assume that House Nebiros have assembled all their toys☆?" Serafall laughed.

"We should assume the worst. So, yes."

"That sounds fantastic☆!" Serafall laughed, enjoying the worried look that Sirzechs-chan and Grayfia shared, "I wonder what kind of surprises Mal-kun has next!"

Serafall Leviathan always loved surprises.


[Mal's Homestead]


"My King, whenever you're ready."
​

I had no business sparring with my cat.

This was a fool's errand! There was no hope of me winning in a physical match against her. I'd have better luck trying to lasso lightning bolts than win a straight match with her. Even if it was a spar, there'd be no other way this'd end than with me tasting fine Japanese grass.

But that... was what the Malal Nebiros of one hour ago would have said.

"Just one kata this time," I smiled at the catgirl, standing across the clearing. My hands raised, and my boots crunching on dirt as I steadied in my martial arts stance that felt like I'd been doing it for more than ten years, because [King of All Trades] also knew kung-fu. And for a few seconds, neither of us made a sound. Just two statues in martial arts stances in the dark forest. A gentle breeze swept past my camp, sending her snowy white hair swaying, grass rustling around her shoes.

And somewhere inside my cabin, a clock ticked once.

I moved.

Quick as I was able, I dashed to her. Closed the distance. Eyes on my target.

Five strikes with my fists, one after the other. All of them rocketing at her face. Her slitted red eyes didn't even follow them, hands just batting them away like flimsy branches in her way. My boot shot up from the ground like a snake aiming for her chin. Her palm kept it from getting even a third of the way there.

We stopped. The kata was done.

Then the sonic booms followed. Waves of air exploding outward, overturning some pebbles, and rustling the tree branches above something fierce. Six of them, one for each punch that I threw. And one for the kick.

The clock ticked a second time, and the catgirl smiled.

"Mrrm. You moved faster and struck harder than some Hunters!" She said with a bow, white tail swaying behind her.

"I did? That's good to hear!" I laughed, bowing in turn. "Thank you for the spar, Pitou."

"It is always an honour to aid you, my King." She said, "Oh, and your growth was... hrrmm... eight times larger. The same as the one from the book, my King."

"Good to know!"


[Muscular] |Elite Ability|
MHA - You can freely increase the density and mass of muscle fibres in your body, massively increasing your explosive power and durability. If you increase the fibres more than they can fit in your skin, they will cover the outside of your body, wrapping around you like a second set of muscles. The more muscle fibres you have the faster you will burn through your stamina.

...
​

My last Gold Ticket burned got me that.

I raised my arm again, and right before my eyes, I covered my forearm in muscle. Literally covered it in muscles, like red ribbons winding up and down my arm.

The guy who had this ability in My Hero Academia...

His name had been Goto, if I recall correctly. He was also called "Muscular," the namesake of this ability. Or 'Quirk' in his world. He'd cover his whole body in these bulging red muscles like these ones that covered my arm. Then he'd use 'em to tear through solid concrete like wet cardboard, shrug off bullets, and laugh off impacts that would turn a normal ningen body into red paste on the gravel. Then he'd laugh harder as he turned the other guy into that same red smear.

Oppressive speed and overwhelming force. No one could say that he didn't have those.

Muscle fibers bulging past the skin. Layered and dense beyond anything a ningen can naturally have, beyond even what bears could have. Except, Old Goto just reinforced everything everywhere because he didn't understand what needed reinforcing and how.

It was a damn waste, couldn't lie. But he was stronger than everyone else, and that's all that mattered to him.

Goto had been just that kind of man.

Like so many people with their money, he didn't want to master his Quirk, he just wanted to indulge in it. Feeling his enemies bones give under his punches. Squeeze skulls like oranges in his hand. Pull a spine apart like a french fry. Crumple people up into a ball of leaking flesh and splintered bone like a ball of paper. And overall, just revelling in the carnage that overwhelming physical strength could give.

It was a hobby that I could respect, even if it came from a ningen. But that didn't change the fact that he'd been standing on a mountain of potential, and all he did was jump up and down on it, enjoying life.

That's the curse of an uncurious mind, I'd say. No sense of natural wonder.

But if someone else had that Quirk... If it had been in the hands of someone who understood biomechanics. All the way how physical force transferred from muscle to joint to bone and back again. How a slight shift in fiber alignment could multiply force without increasing mass? How to angle them muscle fibers along optimal pull lines? How to optimize the contraction sequences?

That man would have been five times faster and ten times stronger than Goto on his best day. And if he wasn't a man at all, but a devil? Well, even better, devil muscle was stronger and denser than ningen muscle after all. And that devil would be the one who had oppressive speed and overwhelming force.

I shrugged my black jacket on, and fixed my dark hat... all under my clingy catgirl patient stare.

"Well, Pitou, let's get to foraging for that fruit basket." I smiled at her, ruffling her downy soft hair under my palm.

"Mrr~rrm!" The catgirl nodded enthusiastically, and lifted an arm to point, "There is a bush full of ripe cranberries on the opposite side of that hill, my King. Over there."

With my [Byakugan], I glanced in the direction she was pointing at. "The one beside the leaning tree with the bird's nest with five eggs?"

"Mm!"

"Good find! We'll head over there first!" I laughed. "And before I forget...Ichabod! Stand guard, will you? We'll be back in a few."

Glowing yellow eyes stared unblinkingly. The mouth didn't move, of course. Just a solid peace of metal without articulation. However... there was one addition that allowed Old Ichabod another way to express himself.

"Blades working?" I asked the construct.

Immediately, ghostly blue blades extending out from under Ichabod's gleaming amber-brown 'gauntlets' like wrist blades. The Carian Slicer modules looked like they were working fine, and looked sharp enough to cut diamonds.

"Good man." I smiled, patting his arm as Pitou and I headed out.

And on the way, we passed by [Bronze Creation] greatest creation yet: A massive metal frame that could have fit me. Hoops where muscle could hook and pull on, just an exoskeleton. And even... This was only just the prototype, the beginning.

I smiled.

And in the dark, of a deep forest where no human was meant to go, a devil and his ilk grew stronger as the nights passed.

Just as Satan intended.


(The day after) [Gremory Castle - Underworld]

Rias Gremory sat by the window, sighing like the princess that she was forcibly cosplaying as.

A full-length powder-blue dress with long, slender silk gloves that reached past her elbows. She noticed that she wearing more powder blue dresses lately. Her mother's personal preference for her. It really gave her that fairy tale princess feel, her mother said, especially when she looked longingly out the open window with her red hair in the gentle breeze.

It was becoming one of her new favourite pastimes, she was sure.

Chin resting on her gloved palm, she looked out over the estate, trying to make her eyesight pierce through the outer perimeter walls, through the capital city of the Gremory Domain, and to the train station where her peerage was embarking the train bound for Kuoh Town.

Rias was sad to see her peerage off, but it was for everyone's good.

Except hers, of course.

She blew a strand of loose red hair from her face.

She could already feel herself losing her grip on sanity under the weight of all the remedial etiquette that she had to suffer through. The endless book readings over the bestselling novels of the 1600s were already grating even with Akeno accompanying her, and the continuous suite of dance lessons were demanding enough with her own knight piece coordinating with her. But worst of all, if she had to spend another hour, swaying and bobbing on the family camel's back around the family property to practice her camel-riding one more time...

A set of taps on the solid oak of her door echoed out in her room, and immediately she sat prim and princess-like, turning her head ever so slightly so that the window light caught her face like a painting.

"You may come in," She said in her most regal voice.

"Lady Rias." The maid entered and bowed before her, offering a golden platter on which sat a letter, "Your correspondence for the day."

Her painted lips smiled, this time genuine as she accepted the letter. Anything from the outside world was welcome.

"Thank you, you are dismissed."

The parchment had a nice fragrance of fresh fruits, and a grassy scent of Japanese pine that reminded her of Kuoh actually. Or maybe she was more homesick than she thought and she was imagining it all. That was also possible, maybe even likely.

But she could at least take comfort that sending them back was the right—

The letter almost slipped through her trembling fingers as she read the curt but world-ending message. She stumbled to her feet, almost tripping on her powder blue dress as she called out.

"Maids! Someone get me Sirzechs-onii-sama!"


Dear Rias Gremory,

Akeno Himejima. Koneko Toujou. Yuuto Kiba. Gasper Vladi.

With Love,
Malal Nebiros

- The Empty Quiver of Satan End -​

AN:

Finally, we're gaining forward momentum again!... Enough politics and talking, let's get to the gacha, the power ups, the violence, and the Rias bullying.

Again, the power floor is lowered... Sirzechs can't just casually solo the entirety of Heaven like canon would suggest. That would be beyond my ability to write for this kind of story.

Even if Mal rolled a familiar like a... Gardevoir or a Pillar Man or a Fate character, the reaction would have still been the same. The local family of mad scientists succeeded in making their own Frankenstein's monster/artificial creature. Honestly, it would have worked best with Resident Evil's Nemesis rather than HunterxHunter's Neferpitou. But a cat is fine too.

The Chaos Gacha really really wants me to build the... Tequila Gundam. It's even a shade of bronze brown.

Kudos to @andreykl for predicting what I planned... not the first time someone's made an accurate prediction, but it is the first prediction to come true.


FEATS:

Famous: One-of-a-Kind, baby!
Acquire your first unique and priceless artifact
+1 Silver Gacha Ticket

...

ROLLS:

[View Air] |Uncommon Ability| (Silver Ticket)
Allows you to share your senses with the air around you, allowing you to map the world around you through the wind. The base range is 1km but it can be improved with training and base stats.

[Stim] |Uncommon Ability| (Silver Ticket)
Flood your body with natural stem cells that will start rebuilding your body, warning, this consumes a lot of stamina and resources from your body. Doing it without any nutrients to rebuild your body won't work and will only harm you instead. You can also inject these cells into other people through the exchange of fluids.

[Tome of Rennala] |Elite Item| (Gold Ticket)
Elden Ring - A tome containing the research and magic of the Carian Royal family, allowing those who study it to learn and wield the Carian Sorceries.

[Muscular] |Elite Ability| (Gold Ticket)
MHA - You can freely increase the density and mass of muscle fibres in your body, massively increasing your explosive power and durability. If you increase the fibres more than they can fit in your skin, they will cover the outside of your body, wrapping around you like a second set of muscles. The more muscle fibres you have the faster you will burn through your stamina.
Last edited: Apr 14, 2026
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Fayfu, KickInator and 2,305 others
Infonticus
Apr 12, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch 7 - Esoteric Cowboy Magicks
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
May 18, 2026
Add bookmark
#3,825
Chapter 7: Esoteric Cowboy Magicks

In which... Sona engages in the most challenging battle of wits of her life (Not with Mal, of course.) Mal gets handed immense magical power that would have all the kin of Nebiros bow before him. And Rias' peerage, and by extension Rias herself, gets strike two with Magical Girl Levia-tan☆.



"I believe the cat won't be able to control herself any longer, she'll do something reckless soon and that'll be our chance..."

"Of course."

"And be sure to take Heracles along with you, you've heard how bored he is."

​

[Kuoh Town Botanical Park]

The sun shone warm above the park, over vibrant beds of tulips in riotous bloom.

Sona Sitri couldn't deny it was a beautiful day for an arms deal.

On the park bench, she checked the leather briefcase for the third time in so many minutes. Gleaming brass buckles unclasped just enough for her to peek inside, and the dark shape inside pulsed with demonic power. She had been assured that it was inert enough, and wouldn't spontaneously explode in her possession. However, she had handled a few in the past, and she knew that statement was suspect. Regardless, she clasped it back shut and sat back with her pocket book on children's pedagogy, her secret weapon for focusing her mind and steadying her nerves. She was going to need them in the next scant minutes.

Figures continued to rush in the distance, past the rows of plum-blossom pinks and canola yellows and past the maple trees: her peerage concluding their final checks.

No alarms had been sounded thus far. Though she almost wished they had, something minor to prove that their patrols were working properly, rather than suffering through the constant dread that the perimeter was already compromised and they simply hadn't noticed the intruders. But as it stood...

"Sona-kaichou," A tall shadow stood over her, darkening the open pages of her book. "The perimeter is secure, and I have verified the illusion spells on all entrances to be functioning. We won't have any civilians wandering in."

... As it stood, it was too late to reconsider her opening move now.

The book snapped shut in her palm, and Sona stood up from the bench. "May I assume the driver's last report also held no irregularity, Tsubaki?"

"Yes. They are in transit and on schedule. Our guest will be arriving shortly."

Sona glanced at the taller girl, and checked her head to toe.

Long dark-hair, freshly trimmed and freshly conditioned. Square-framed teal glasses, not a speck. Kuoh Academy blouse and magenta skirt, without a crease out of place. Brown dress shoes, parade worthy polish. There was no question that this was the correct attire for her and her peerage. They needed to tie themselves to this territory— A mode of dress to act as a non-verbal reminder of their station and their authority here in Kuoh Town.

Sona straightened her own uniform.

"Let's take no chances," she said, handing the leather briefcase to Tsubaki, "Have Reya monitor their approach, and ensure that there are no complications or surprises."

"As you say," Tsubaki replied, a communication spell circle already spinning in her palm.

This will not end like Rias' attempt did.

Her Serafall-onee-sama had already done the difficult work: snatched their reputation out from the flames, pared off the burnt pieces of Rias' blunder into a vaguely diplomatic shape, and bought them a second chance to play the gracious host. Now, the move was Sona's and her objectives were clear. Receive the Lucifer Six heir properly for his extended stay in Kuoh Town.

Convince him, and by extension his fearsome House, that they needed the strength and resources of the Seventy-Two.

Her eyes went to Reya who kept watch by the park's main roadside entrance. Her bishop piece's chin high and her arm bandaged all the way from her wrist up into her sleeve, and all the way until it peeked above her collar, behind a curtain of brown hair. And Sona knew that, all across the park grounds, the rest of her peerage also held their posts with equal injured discipline. Limping proudly with their bruises and fractures, neatly dressed in bandages and makeup.

Yes, what a magnificent advertisement.

"Sona-kaichou, this is them," Tsubaki whispered as a black luxury sedan rolled to a halt before them. A razor-clean silhouette of glossy black finish and polished chrome loaned by one of the Sitri-associated human companies.

The uniformed chauffeur, another loan, nodded his silent greeting before opening the passenger door.

She, Tsubaki, and Reya all bowed low.

"Prince Nebiros," Sona said, "I humbly welcome you to Kuoh Town proper."

She wasn't her onee-sama; she still belonged to House Sitri. Their princely rank among the Seventy-Two mattered little in regards to the Six Houses of Lucifer whose seat sat far above theirs. Proper respect for the traditional hierarchy must be shown, particularly when reintegration was the goal. And if House Sitri just happened to be the first amongst the Seventy-Two to give the sole surviving Lucifer Six house their due and benefit from the rebridged relations? Well, her onee-sama won't lose sleep over it. Not with this guest.

"Feels mighty awkward being called a prince," The Lucifer Six heir said warmly, stepping out the car and onto sun-baked pavement. "Just call me Mal."

"Very well, Mal-dono." Sona straightened to meet him face-to-face.

He was dressed the same, she observed, still in that black-suited cowboy ensemble. Thumbs hooked on his belt, showing off that same oversized belt buckle bearing the House Nebiros sigil that gleamed under the morning sun. And past the brim of his dark cowboy hat, their eyes met and he smiled.

"Howdy," he said with a tip of his hat.

The last time he'd uttered that specific word a few days ago, everything went horribly wrong for them. But much to Sona's relief, there was no brass stroller with him. No folded up golem ready to break her peerage's bones under giant metal fists. It appeared that he had truly come in peace... If only that sentiment lasted longer.

"Now, I hope you don't mind," He began with that same deceptively friendly smile. "but I brought my familiar this time around."

Her heart immediately rose to hammer in her ears as she said, "W-We do not mind, Mal-dono."

She could almost hear Tsubaki's rising heart rate too. Because unlike before, Serafall had briefed them thoroughly and very seriously. They knew precisely what his 'familiar' was, and what it meant for the Underworld and for every plane of existence.

And out the car's dark interior, like an apex predator stalking out of its den, House Nebiros' greatest known creation emerged.

A white-haired nekomata stepped out under the proud eyes of her master. Cat ears flicked in the breeze and a white tail swished behind a blue coat. An attentive, open expression on her pale face. She wasn't smiling, not quite, but there was a brightness behind her eyes as if every piece of the world held her interest.

And unfortunately, that included them.

Blood red eyes flicked to Tsubaki, then to Reya, then to four other places out of sight, places that just happened to coincide with her other peerage members' posts, before finally settling on her... and staying there. All with that open-eyed, mildly interested expression.

"Greetings, Princess Sitri," the snowy-haired nekoshou bowed politely. "I am Neferpitou, a mere humble Familiar to my King."

Chimera.

They were not new to the biomedical magisciences after all. Rare, but not unheard of. Whether through forbidden esoteric rituals, deliberate acts of butchery or even freak accidents involving Sacred Gear, they invariably existed as cautionary tales rather than as any real threats. Their creation often involved the sacrifice of a low-class devil and some magical creatures to polymerize a gurgling, temperamental and scarcely-middle-class beast that possessed barely enough thought to follow its master's orders, if at all. They were pitiful creatures, born of flawed processes which operated upon incomplete understanding of magical theories on the subject matter... All to produce something that was worth less than the sum of their parts.

But not this chimera.

"Ain't she the prettiest thing?!" the devil-in-black chuckled, scratching the abomination behind its ear as if it was a regular cat.

"Mrrmm~ My King..."

Because House Nebiros did not make such amateurish mistakes or suffer from such embarrassing failures. Instead, they proved once again that in matters of biomedical magisciences they were without peer... by producing loyal, obedient, and incredibly dangerous chimeras.

"Yes... a-a pleasure to meet your acquaintance, Neferpitou-san," Sona bowed in return, holding back what she really wanted to say.

A formerly Naberius-aligned nekoshou traumatized by events she could scarcely remember, and a catgirl chimera appearing the night after their offense against a Lucifer Six heir. She understood what her sister meant by 'coincidences.' The pieces fit so perfectly together that it was painful.

But that didn't matter, especially not now.

Accusations of horrific genetic experimentations had no place here. Things have changed too much after House Nebiros' clawed hand reached out from the uncharted wastelands of the Underworld to tip the scales of diplomacy too far in their favour. The vanguard of their vast artificial army front and center for the world to see. Standing right before her, in fact.

This reaction was admittedly their fault to begin with.

Her Serafall-onee-sama had surmised that someone within their House, perhaps the Lord Nebiros himself, did not appreciate the attempt to essentially vassalize their runaway heir. It had been incredibly foolish for them to even try in hindsight: Assigning someone of Mal's station to the humiliatingly subservient position of a lowly peerage member to a 72 Pillar House heiress, sister of a New Satan or no. Had they known that he was the heir, they wouldn't have— No, there was no use for that thinking anymore; they could only hope to set things right now.

Past the violet rim of her glasses, Sona glanced at the leather briefcase in Tsubaki's hand. She merely needed to choose the right moment... In fact, she was going to bring it about herself.

So, Sona smiled, and made her move.

"I welcome you both to Kuoh Town." She said, and with a graceful sweep of her hand, indicated to the lush, blooming park beyond. "Serafall-onee-sama mentioned your affection for nature, so I arranged for the entire park to be reserved for us. Would you honour me with a walk?"

"Your sister sure knows what I like," The devil-in-black let out a short laugh. "Can't deny that I do prefer open skies over ceilings anyday. Let's walk and talk."

"Excellent," She smiled, and began walking.

Their 'casual' and 'innocent' walk in the park began like that— with her taking the lead and asserting her 'ownership' of the territory as the host of this exchange. Their respective attendants fell in step with them: Tsubaki trailing by her side, and the chimera by his.

Nothing but the breeze rustling through the park spoke for the first, quiet minute.

Then, as planned, they came across one of her pieces.

Momo appeared beyond the spread of tulip beds, the white-haired girl stark against the greenery, especially with the blue medical sling that cradled her still recovering arm. Her bishop piece did not appear to notice them passing as she reinforced the perimeter. Underlings obediently fulfilling her commands and tending to her very secure and very prosperous territory in full view of guests... it was practically word-for-word from the hospitality manuals penned in the Underworld. And Sona Sitri was nothing if not studious.

Sona personally did not enjoy reducing her peerage to purely performative roles, but needs must. She needed to impart the impression that Kuoh Town was sufficiently well-managed. And thus, the path they'll take will have them come across her other peerage members as well.

She was prepared to move on when...

"What's that spell she's casting?" Malal asked, and she followed his eyes to spot a magic circle spinning in Momo's hand, and the air rippled around her like a mirage.

"Merely the Falsefront illusion spell." she supplied, watching with him, "In my opinion, a severely underappreciated spell. I personally have found it indispensable in my duties as the day-to-day administrator to Kuoh Town. Some devils prefer hypnosis spells to manage the non-supernatural portions of the human population. But I've found that with even minimal forward planning, the illusory walls and gates and other objects are vastly more efficient."

"Doesn't sound like a bad thing to have…" Malal rubbed his chin contemplatively.

"It is, and I highly recommend it," Sona said and found herself slipping into the lecture despite herself. "Falsefront is often overlooked for its lack of offensive effects in Rating Games. But it has immense value in manipulating enemy movement, misdirecting their energy and attention, and delaying their command decisions at crucial moments. I can say without embellishment that a single, well-placed illusion can win a match."

"Yep, I figured as much," His eyes remained on Momo's spellwork. "Wouldn't mind learnin' that spell myself. And by the way you say it, I'd wager you've taught that lesson before."

"Only to those willing to learn it properly," Sona shared a knowing glance with Tsubaki. It was a rudimentary spell among the 72 Pillar Houses; a Lucifer Six house would have certainly taught their heir the bare basics. Unless...

Another of Serafall's theories was proven true, it seemed.

House Nebiros had clearly invested in shaping and specializing their heirs for the 'family profession,' and left baseline combat training as an afterthought. The 72 Pillars, by contrast, expected every noble child—from the most minor of noble families to the scions of the Seventy-Two pillars—to uphold a somewhat competent standard of combat readiness if only to win in Rating games. No devil family would turn away their chance to advance beyond their station. But House Nebiros, an outsider to modern devil society, did not participate in Rating Games. And as a consequence— here their heir stood, lacking what modern devil society would consider basic knowledge.

If she didn't know better, she'd have thought Malal Nebiros to be one of those occasional country bumpkins that would wander into the city from the remote edges of devil territories in search of fame and fortune.

But Sona knew he was anything but.

His black suit swung open slightly from a passing breeze, and she caught the glint of the rows of cutting-edge magical artificery tucked inside.

The irony of the heir to the most scientifically-minded House among the Lucifer Six being so brilliant and sophisticated that it had turned around that he resembled a country bumpkin... Sona politely resolved to never bring that comparison up. However, the topic of Rating Game magicks did present the opening that she was waiting for.

She turned to him. "This does bring us to a matter I was instructed to raise during your stay."

"From Serafall?" His eyebrows raised in interest beneath the shadow of his cowboy hat.

"From House Sitri, actually," She smiled diplomatically.

"Well, I'm listening."

Sona looked the other devil in the eye. "Malal Nebiros, given the regrettable confusion that accompanied your arrival, House Sitri thought it proper that our first formal gesture should be more substantial than a warm welcome and some pleasant scenery. A work of magic, offered in good faith, seemed more suitable. Especially considering your interest in practical spellcraft. So, on behalf of House Sitri, I would like to present House Nebiros with a gift."

She didn't need to gesture to her Tsubaki, there was no need. The taller girl stepped forward on cue, the leather briefcase now in both hands. Demonic power oozed out as the clasps clicked open before Sona reached into the opening... and pulled out the source of the demonic power.

"A book?" Malal said as he laid eyes on the thing in her hands.

Bound in thick red leather and trimmed with polished brass, it contained a stack of fine vellum pages that was yellowed with age.

"A spell tome," Sona corrected, and she felt relief as his eyes immediately lit up with interest. "This particular tome holds the spell for the creation of a dimensional pocket. Forgive my ignorance on the topic, it is an advanced spell and I know little of the finer details. But I do however understand that this spell is a progenitor to what Ajuka-sama used for the development of the Rating Game's field."

By the end of her modest explanation, the devil-in-black genuinely amazed by it, just as Serafall said he would be.

Her smile was small and formal as she stepped forward, red tome in hand. "I offer this object of scholarship from my House to yours. A modest contribution to the hope of cooperation between our Houses..." she offered the hefty tome for him to accept, "... if you'd accept it."

Malal tilted his cowboy hat back and let the sun fall full upon his smile. "I do humbly accept House Sitri's most generous gift!"

Sona kept her mouth shut behind a polite and diplomatic smile.

It was not from House Sitri's archives.

This spell tome had never rested beneath Sitri wards, nor was it passed down through generations of Sitri hands. No, it had actually been in the possession of the Four Satans. A trophy lying on some gold pile in Lucifaad's vast vaults of war spoils, untouched from the era when Devilkind still waged war against the Angels, against the Fallen, against other pantheons... And, when bored of that, against each other. In plainer terms, it was not House Sitri's to give, but the Four Satans had deemed it more palatable if a noble House of the Seventy-Two presented it. An apology/tribute from House Sitri was easy to accept, but a barefaced bribe from the Four Satans to coax House Nebiros back into the fold would have been far less elegant.

Her father was only overjoyed to have House Sitri benefit as a diplomatic middleman.

"Lord Sitri also wishes to extend his formal assurances," Sona recited, just as she practiced this morning, "that House Nebiros will find its presence here… greeted with warm hospitality among the Seventy-Two, for as long as it so chooses to avail it."

"That's mighty kind of him 'specially with this gift. Tell him I said thanks!"

"No, thank you." She smiled in return.

It was indeed a generous gift/bribe. Perhaps too generous, but then again, that does sound like her Serafall-onee-sama.

"But a word of caution, Nebiros-dono..." She said, not yet letting go of the tome as she looked him in the eye, "This spell tome is from Pre-Crucifixion Era and thus written entirely in Infernal."

"Infernal. Got it, I'll... uh be careful opening it," He accepted the tome with a look of confusion.

Seeing that reaction, Sona felt stupid for saying such a warning now. Of course a child of Nebiros like him would likely have read several if not dozens of different tomes written in it by now. She wouldn't be surprised if his House's archives were written in nothing but the ancient script of Devilkind. After all, Infernal only demanded immense caution from those not of pure devil blood. Or as Old Satan Apologists would say, those...

Her eyes went to her peerage, reincarnated humans all.

... those not of 'their kind.'

There was no helping it with Infernal, the language was rooted to the nature of Demonic Power itself.

It was because Demonic Power had never belonged wholly to reason. Spells borne of Demonic Power were brought about by vivid imagination. And teaching them was akin to artists teaching artists. Hand on hand, gently guiding them through the brush strokes, through the instincts, and the swirl of emotions and the forests of meanings.

For that reason, Demonic power laughed contemptuously in the face of the safe, formulaic, and above all, laughably magicless rulership of mortal language.

Write 'water' in a thousand human tongues and what had been meant? A still pond reflecting the stars? A raging rapid near-boiling? A clear liquid inside a volumetric cylinder? Was this 'water' briny with seasalt or as pure as freshly fallen snow on one's tongue? One word, a thousand waters and a thousand-thousand ways to cast a wholly different spell. Attempting to add more words only quadrupled the confusion. How still was still? How raging was raging? How briny was briny? Ad nauseum. The eyes fail and the mind wanders as different upbringings pollute the essence of its true meaning.

Properly written Infernal—ritualistically steeped in so much demonic power that it oozed malevolence—'solved' that problem.

It had done so for millenia, just not gently.

The primordial devil script forced the reader to imagine along the grooves of the writer's will. To read Infernal was to let another mind reach its fingers behind one's eyes and twist your inner world by force.

Infernal to a pure-blooded devil was to have one's mind, consciousness and soul all expanded as pure concepts were driven into them like nails on wood.

A magician's grimoire detailing the rudimentary Waterblast spell may require familiarity with evocation arcana, background knowledge in fluid mechanics, and weeks or even months of practice. Yet, within a single reading, an Infernal Tome could impart the knowledge of that same spell with perfect clarity to a dyslexic, dim-witted wild child raised by wolves.

Of all the ways to gain great power, none was a faster or easier path as Infernal Tomes.

At least, if one was a pure blooded devil.

The experience of reading Infernal Tomes by anyone else was far less pleasant. The mere sight of it was a corrupting influence to their being. A strong-willed human mundane could perhaps absorb the knowledge of a basic spell from an Infernal Tome, leaving a permanent pulsating scar on his sanity. Magicians could read the entire book if they girded themselves with all the proper precautions, but even then, they only did so with varying degrees of perilous risk of reducing themselves to cackling madmen. Only Reincarnated Devils or Pact Magicians with their devil patrons could truly read Infernal... but the risk of spontaneous or gradual mental unraveling was never completely eliminated if the current studies were to be trusted.

She'd even heard rumors of devils who descended from bloodlines 'tainted' with non-devil blood suffering the same fate as well.

Mere rumours, of course, but if it was true...

... It would be poetic in a way. When even a drop of human blood availed one a chance to be born with a Sacred Gear, that very same drop also denied them the ability to read Infernal Tomes without fatal risk.... There was a symmetry to it, as if it had been planned. The Blessings of Heaven and the Curses of Hell upon the mortal. The former was divine intervention granted without ceremony to chosen few, the latter was a dangerous gamble that anyone can take of their own free will.

It was the classic Faustian bargain. Granting power as effortlessly as it extracted its price. A spell learned without need for direct instruction, requisite knowledge or even basic literacy... at a risk.

Very quintessentially devil.

That was what made Infernal Tomes so dangerous and so very valuable for mortals.

And there was no end to the number of people who would take such a deal. Magicians, reincarnated devils, devils of diluted bloodlines, and even mundane humans willing to risk it all for a scrap of power... So, it came as no surprise then that—for the public's own safety—Infernal Tomes were tightly controlled both within and beyond the Underworld. Fantastically illegal for those whose family names were not found carved into the foundations of Lucifaad by the Original Satan Himself.

And naturally, there were Six carved closest to His name.

But even if Infernal Tomes wasn't a controlled item, few noble houses would ever trade one away. There were simply too few of them left: Those sparse faithful copies and those precious surviving originals. Making them was already a half-lost art, and those who might have revived it were half-lost as well. House Paimon was nearly extinct. House Ronové was gone entirely in the flames of the Civil War.

Sona looked at the tome in Malal's hands enviously.

House Sitri possessed its own treasured Infernal Tomes, written by her ancestors' hands and locked away until the heiress, namely herself, was strong enough to wield the power sealed within their pages. Her house would sooner fight to extinction than surrender those (As many have before). And even the lesser tomes, they were reluctant to trade away.

Sona understood that reluctance perfectly.

She'd been reluctant to hand this one over herself, and it wasn't even hers!

At least... She was able to sneak a peek inside—just a few pages to ensure the spell tome was presentable, of course—and as she had turned the pages, for one orgasmic instant, she had almost grasped it: the spell to incarnate one's own personal plane of existence.

Then the blinding headache had slammed into her, and she had to cease her 'peeking.' Clearly, even as a Pure-blood devil, she was not yet at the level required to comprehend this spell, perhaps not in one day.

She could not imagine how arduous it would be to read the thing in full!

Regardless, the arms deal/bribery/apology was done, and she need only to make the closing remarks. So, fixing her purple glasses, Sona smiled. "I trust that this Infernal Tome is to your satisfaction, Nebiros-san?"

Her guest did not answer. He only stood there with his head bowed in the sunny day, wholly absorbed in the tome gripped in his hands.

"Please, take your time, Nebiros-dono." Sone said with a small indulgent laugh. She could hardly fault him for it; she had worn much the same look when her Serafall-onee-sama first placed the tome in her possession. If anything, his silent concentration reassured her more than any polite compliment could have. It meant the choice of gifts was very effective, her sister would be pleased to hear that.

A brief glance between her and Tsubaki, and the taller girl returned it with a faint smile and a nod.

Yes, this was going very well.

Birds chirped around them as a happy minute ticked by, then followed by two more. The third one was markedly less happy. And by the fifth minute, a rising feeling of concern began to build up in the back of her throat. The time did not bother her... but the fact that he not once moved a single muscle across those many minutes did.

Sona cleared her throat, and tried again. "I trust that this artifact is to your satisfaction, Malal-san?"

Still no response. The cowboy in black was seemingly frozen where he stood on the park footpath. Stuck in the same pose, his hands still gripping the tome's leather edges in the same places and his face stuck in an unreadable expression as he stared into the cover of the tome.

"... Mal?" She leaned down to peek under the brim of his cowboy hat, finding that he wasn't even blinking, expression locked in intense, unmoving concentration. "Is everything- Are you alright?"

And when no answer came, panic struck full force and Sona's mind immediately raced through the possible causes of why her guest was suddenly petrified. Was it an adverse magical reaction? Was there an assassin that had stung him with a paralytic without anyone noticing? Had the tome been switched for a boobytrapped one? Or was it—

"My King?"

His nekoshou-chimera—the one that Sona had all but forgotten was even there—stepped up to her frozen master with a naked look of concern on her pale face. Her red eyes shifting from his unresponsive expression, then down to the tome in his hands, then up... to Tsubaki and her.

"What..." came the razor sharp whisper, "...did your tome do to him?"

And suddenly, Sona was very keenly aware that not only did they have a very dangerous and very protective chimera in their midst, but that they also did not have anything that could have any hope of stopping said chimera should it turn hostile.

"No. No, that's impossible. I mean— We didn't do this!" She forced herself to breathe. How does one explain such complexities to a familiar? That they were innocent in all this?

But to Sona's surprise and horror, she didn't need to.

Blood red eyes searched her own violet ones. "... You knew and anticipated that this 'Infernal Tome' would enforce an effect," the nekoshou-chimera correctly surmised, her eyes focusing even more on them. "The effects, their trigger conditions and the deactivation clauses. You will explain them to me."

"W-what?"

Serafall had warned her about the chimera's strength, its speed, its reflexes; she had not warned her about the mind inside it.

Her sister had spoken as though they were facing an unusually obedient and powerful familiar, nothing more: just a creature capable of simple problem-solving, crude adaptation, low animal cunning passed off as forward planning, even the assumption of a humanoid shape, all the ordinary useful skills that familiars performed when properly trained. All of them—herself, her sister and possibly the rest of the Satans—had expected this Neferpitou to be that, perhaps smarter than the common familiar, and certainly more than the bestial chimeras they were accustomed to.

Nothing about her had suggested otherwise! Through the entire meeting she had worn the same airy expression of faint, cucumber-water interest... listening, blinking, drifting behind her own eyes with the blank expression of some well-behaved and harmlessly detached familiar.

Until now.

Now they were face to face with a creature capable of making an observation, drawing from it a rational deduction, then proceeding with a precise and methodical attempt to reverse-engineer an answer to an abstract problem.

And her preliminary conclusion: They had the information she sought.

An immense pressure pressed down on them as Neferpitou stepped forward,clawed hands flexing and unflexing, and red eyes still locked to them. "Effects, trigger conditions, deactivation clauses. Now."

"Tsubaki, don't." Sona warned through gritted teeth, not needing to glance away from the chimera. She knew her queen piece had been readying for combat that they could not win, judging from the strange magical aura pressing down on them. She frowned. "Neferpitou-san, Infernal Tomes are—"

"Sorry, my mind went ridin' off without me." said a suddenly unfrozen Malal Nebiros, clearing his head with a little shake.

"My King!"

The pressure vanished with her. One instant the air had been crumbling beneath that pressure; the next it was gone, and the chimera was by Malal, pressing her face into his side like a cat.

"Hey, Pitou," He laid a hand on the nekoshou-chimera's back and rubbed slow circles, the Infernal Tome resting in his other palm. "Worried you, huh? I'm fine, clingy thing. Just drifted a spell, that's all. Did I miss somethin'?"

Neferpitou's eyes lifted to Sona. "Mr~rm..."

"Nothing requiring your concern, Mal," Sona cut in, stepping smoothly over whatever answer the creature might have given. "We were merely feeling restless over the extended silence. You are... Are you feeling alright?"

"Sure am. Never better, I'd say!" Malal's grin widened, looking completely untroubled despite his strange bout of petrification a moment ago. He patted the tome. "It was just me uh... getting a feel of this here Infernal Tome!"

"I trust that this artifact is to your satisfaction?" Sona complimented. Perhaps it had been a ritualistic trance for divination? She'd heard of abilities such as that. "I understand that even a tome's cover alone is... informative, to the properly trained eye. A devil with your impressive insight of artificery must have drawn more from than most."

Her eyes went to the part of his black suit jacket where rows of his 'Spell Totems' lay hidden under. It was bold, perhaps even rude, to pry into another House's private research, but the Satans would appreciate any answers, thus Sona had to make the attempt.

"It's a mighty fine gift! Beats my last birthday by a country mile!"

"Then I'm pleased it has come into appreciative hands," Sona moved on before he took offense. Attempt failed. Malal remained guarded about his research, as expected; pushing for more at this point would have been impatient, and 'impatient and aggressive' was not her way. The Satans will have their answers to this specific question another day. But they'll at least be pleased to hear that the tome had succeeded in its function as a bribe/apology.

Sona levelled a polite smile at their guest. "Would you like some tea, Mal?"

"Iced with a lemon wedge for me!" Malal laughed and scratched beneath Neferpitou's chin. "How about you, clingy cat? You want somethin' fancy too?"

"Mr~rm," The snowy-haired chimera purred beneath his hand. "I have everything I need, my King."

Sona smiled indulgently. "There is a local bakeshop that makes cakes from honey made fresh in this same town," She said, not looking away as she gestured to her queen piece to prepare the refreshments. "Tsubaki, if you will..."

The taller girl bowed once before marching away.

Anything to stall for a bit longer.

Because now, they had a more immediate, nekoshou-shaped concern; and her sister, the Satan, would be very interested in whatever could be learned of the chimera's limits. The difference was not small: A powerful beast could be hunted, but if that beast was in actuality another hunter in disguise, one who was stronger, faster and smarter than those that hunted her... Yes, they needed to know. Pets and familiars were tested with tricks and orders. But for testing a reasoning mind... Well, she had just the thing.

Her gaze drifted to the center of the park, where all the stone paths and swaying flowerbeds seemed to converge on. Sona's gaze drifted toward the center of the park, where all the stone paths and swaying flowerbeds seemed to converge on. There the park gazebo stood, a graceful pyramidal roof held aloft by slim wooden pillars, open to every passing breeze. And in the center of its shade, there 'coincidentally' was...

A chess table.

And for the first time in their meeting, Sona smiled her first dishonest smile.

"There is one indulgence I would ask..." she said, guiding their path toward the gazebo as though the idea came to her just now. Their footsteps sounded softly on the wooden floorboards. "While refreshments are brought, perhaps you would grant me a game?"

Malal glanced at the board, then scratched his jaw with a wince. "I ain't much for chess, but I reckon I can lose polite enough."

"Forgive me, Mal. But I did not mean a game with you," Sona smiled politely, resting a hand on the chess' black piece side before levelling a stare at the chimera. "I meant a game with her."

Neferpitou blinked up at them, airy and vacant once more, all soft eyes and empty grace.

Malal's hand stilled on the chimera's back. He looked down at Neferpitou, back to Sona, and raised one eyebrow under his hat. "You want to play chess..." he said, "....with my cat?"

"Yes," Sona replied. She had planned to have a match or three with the Nebiros heir to gauge his temperament, personality and his intelligence. Because while her sister was 'blessed' with the ability to make semi-accurate estimation of people just from first impressions, Sona Sitri on the other hand could do that with Chess. And today, she had just the target. "That is if she is familiar with the rules?"

Malal looked down to the nekoshou-chimera in his arm. "Do you, girl?"

Neferpitou did not answer immediately. The delay was small enough to be missed by anyone who wasn't actively looking, so Sona certainly did not miss it. The chimera's red eyes lowered to the chessboard, and something focused right behind the airy blankness. Like a shark beneath the surface.

"... I do."

Sona Sitri sat down with a smile behind the ranks of black pieces, opening her arms wide with well-earned arrogance as she welcomed her opponent to her domain.

"Prove it."

(Meanwhile) [Gremory Castle]

"C'mon, pick up, Sona..." Rias Gremory muttered as she paced.

But the call-spell stayed unanswered, ringing continuously just beyond the sleeve of her blue, camel-print pajamas. She paced some more.

The purple silk curtains of her bedroom behind her breathed inward with the breeze, brushing over her red hair and stirring up the faint scent of freshly-waxed wood furniture and the bowl of sugared citrus she had been too irritated to eat. And beside it on her writing desk, crumpled up parchment of unsatisfyingly-written letters scattered across the wood.

"Rias-sama."

"Tsubaki, finally!" Rias straightened, then immediately remembered that she's in her camel-print PJs and did away with the effort. "Tell Sona to stop ignoring my call-spells and answer me already!"

On the other side of the spell, Tsubaki's holographic image hovered above the magic circle: long black hair falling around her face, spectacles catching the warm yellowish light. And Rias knew immediately that it was that bakeshop that Sona always favoured in Kuoh Town. The display cases showing a buttery lineup of baked goods—the tarts and turnovers, and the cakes and croissants—were a dead giveaway. Tsubaki even looked to be sitting in the same illusion-hidden booth that the Student Council often used when they needed privacy from the human residents!

Tsubaki stirred honey into her steaming cup of tea. "Sona-kaichou is presently engaged in an important meeting and cannot be disturbed, so I must ask that you cease your attempts for the time being. She will contact you when the meeting has concluded."

"A meeting..." Rias went very still. "It's with the Nebiros bastard, isn't it?"

"... I cannot disclose Sona-kaichou's private appointments."

"So that's a yes," Rias deadpanned. "and you're there at Renée's... because she sent you to fetch tea and those little honey cakes she likes to give to every diplomatic guest to show off that beekeeping project she started. Serafall-sama hasn't told her that the Nebiros bastard had started sending me threatening letters, has she?"

"Nebiros-dono threatened your life?"

"Worse, Tsubaki. He threatened my peerage." Rias half-shouted, snatching the letter to wave at Tsubaki's hologram. "See? It has all their names on it, including Gasper! And nobody knows about Gasper unless I let them, not even his clients know his real name! He's been spying on us, Tsubaki, you have to tell Sona!"

Tsubaki's eyes went to the single-line of the letter. "We will take that under advisement."

"Don't just advise; tell her! Another House snooped around in House Gremory territory AND spied on both me and Sona! This is serious business!"

"I'll raise your concerns with Sona after the meeting."

"My 'concerns' isn't the problem, but him knowing things he shouldn't is! Where did she even take him for this meeting?"

"Rias-sama... After the last time, you were specifically warned by Serafall-sama against interfering."

"Last time," Rias snorted. As if last time had been entirely her fault! And as if the Nebiros heir had not walked in with that brass murder-statue and without knowing the history of his House's trespasses against her Koneko-chan! "I'm not asking because I intend to do anything stupid— I'm not interested in getting grounded for even longer. But Kuoh Town is still my territory. You can tell Sona that I asked, if it makes you feel better. Please?"

"I cannot assist you."

"Fine," Rias rolled her eyes and threw herself onto the edge of her bed. The mattress gave beneath her with a soft crinkle of fresh blankets. "It's not in Kuoh Academy, is it?"

Tsubaki said nothing, only sipping on her honeyed tea.

"Of course, it wouldn't be in Kuoh Academy," Rias stared at her bedroom ceiling, thinking deeply. "After last time, that would have been insulting to everyone involved. Also, etiquette for hosting fellow nobles demands that it must be private, but somewhere still inside the territory... Not at Renée's or else she'd be there with you right now. No, that bakeshop is too small anyway, and Sona would want to show off a little... I'd say the beekeeping farm, but that'd be too rustic and behind-the-scenes for a formal first meeting. She'd want somewhere with more presentation. And if this wasn't after a fight had broken out, I'd have said the theatre, but it's too close to the population center of Kuoh town—"

Rias sat up on her bed, eye wide and staring at Tsubaki's hologram.

"The botanical gardens."

"... You did not hear that from me." The other girl smiled at her.

"I know Kuoh Town and I know Sona! And now, etiquette too, thanks to remedial classes." Rias nodded proudly. She knew that the former Shinra clan member was nothing if not respectful of people actually figuring things out themselves.

"Then please allow me to be direct in turn," Tsubaki's voice sharpened and she looked at her through teal glasses. "Serafall-sama and Sona-kaichou has impressed upon us the importance of this diplomatic meeting. We of the student council will not hesitate to stop any attempts at interference. Even if or when it is to come from another 72 Pillar House."

Tsubaki was onto her now, Rias knew. Not that it'll change the call that'll come after this one.

"I'm not the enemy," She said with a sigh, "I'm only saying that Nebiros came because he has his own motives and reasons. And after that letter, we both know he's no longer pretending he doesn't have knives poised under the table."

Tsubaki's porcelain teacup clicked as she set it down.

"Serafall-sama knows that, and made certain that we do as well. That's why we're working to neutralize the threat he poses. Diplomatically and non-violently. Sona-kaichou herself was aware of the risks and wouldn't be doing this if she didn't believe we would succeed."

"You think she can handle him on her own?"

"She already is," Tsubaki said without hesitation, much to Rias' surprise. "When I left them, Lady Sona had him exactly where she was strongest. She has the situation, the terms, and him well in hand."

[Kuoh Town Botanical Park]

All eyes were glued to the board. To the game.

"Well, I'll be..." I muttered, reached up under my cowboy hat to scratch my head in awe. The board sat quiet in my side-on view of it. Black pieces and white pieces, scattered from that short, mean war... and a king all penned up at the edge of the board, nowhere left to run like some outlaw at the edge of a cliff, staring down the business-end of a sheriff's rifle and every deputy in the county.

Checked and Matered!

I laughed at the sorry sap whose king had just been cornered. "Miss, that was some tall talk for somebody who just lost to my cat!"


Feat Achieved! — House-Pet Level Chessmaster
Humiliate Sona Sitri by having your pet beat her in a fair game of chess.
+1 Gold Gacha Ticket

...
​

Serafall's little sis just buried her burning face in her palms. Her violet eyes peeked between her slender fingers, glued on the board where her king done got trapped. Her elbows rested on the table, and she looked like she couldn't decide between melting right off her chair into a puddle of shame, or keep staring at the board and replay the last twenty moves in her head to find where it all went wrong for her.

And to add salt on the wound, across from her, said snowy-haired cat just sat straight in her blue coat, looking like she didn't even sweat once all throughout that bloody match.

"You're really good at this, Pitou!" I just laughed, proudly slapping my cat over her back. "You made that look easy!"

"I have only seen several chess games," she said, "but many Gungi games."

"Ain't that literally a whole different boardgame?"

"Mr~rm... Yes, Sire," Pitou leaned into my palm. "But they operate under the same principle: Area denial and tempo control to acquire a position where unequal concessions can be forced. However, chess is the vastly more simple game of the two."

Sona's face snapped up with a glare ready. "Simple?!" She slammed both palms on the table, rattling the pieces. Violet eyes blazed behind her glasses, her cheeks flushed scarlet. "How dare you call chess simple?"

Pitou did not so much as twitch a cat ear.

Sona jabbed a finger at her. "You cannot wander into my territory, under the auspices of a diplomatic meeting, use an insulting irregular chess opening in our very first match, and then simultaneously declare—to my face—that I am an amateur and that chess is simple because of some allegedly superior game no civilized academy teaches! This has been the rudest match I have ever played, and I have played one against Sairaorg! But he, at least, did not insult me while yawning and picking his ears through that entire, short game! And more importantly, I demand a rematch!"

"What do you say, Pitou?" I looked down at my cat, still fighting the stupid grin pulling at my mouth. "You reckon you got another game in you?"

Neferpitou didn't even glance my way, just met Sona's stare head-on and said, "As many victories as you desire, my King."

The park gazebo just went quiet, 'cept for the breeze.

"You..." Sona's eyes narrowed into dangerous slits as she sat back down. "Set your pieces. I am going to make you eat those words."

I leaned back in my chair and let the grin win. Nothing like a little friendly competition between my cat and my future sister-in-law. It was nice seeing this side of Sona. She'd been all formal titles, careful posture, and graceful gestures all morning. But here, she looked almost normal!

Well.

As normal as you could look frothing at the mouth and angrily playing a grudge match with a cat girl.

Marble clicked on marble as the lady and the cat moved their pieces across the board. Pawn, pawn, pawn. Sona adjusted her glasses... then knight, bishop, queen, pawn, knight takes Sona's bishop. Then Sona took her eyes off the pieces to glare at my cat, exhaled through her nose, then went right back to ruminating the board... just like the first game.

That was how I knew Pitou was already winning.

But fun as the match was to watch—and as much as [Nature's Blessing] had a pleasant, flowery-tasting buzz of energy for me here—I had more interesting things to chew on.

The Infernal Tome rested heavy on my lap, and [Structural Analysis] fired again. A hefty stack of red, magma-salamander leather with brass-gold trim written in vellum made from unicorn hide. Didn't even need to know how much those went for in Underworld markets to know that this was expensive to make, and that was before we were tallying up what was written inside.

This damned thing sure would have been an expensive way to scorch my own brains clean out of my skull!

It took every scrap I knew from [King of All Trades] and [Intermediate Item Creation] to make heads or tails. But I had to admit... it was worth the trouble. Because now I had a new trick holstered.

My magic circle—the one with the eight-headed sigil of House Nebiros—spun across the red book's cover like a silver spur catching lamplight. Then it opened wide and swallowed the whole tome. One second it was there, and the next, it was gone. Dropped clean into nowhere.

Sona didn't even notice me cast the spell, too busy shooting real angry looks at Neferpitou's knight piece that forked her rook and bishop.

More pockets were always welcome on the trail, especially the spatial kind. This one wasn't anything real fancy, just a rough little bubble of fortified realspace staked out in the Dimensional Gap, like a barrel full of treasure bobbing up and down a lake. It cost a mean chunk of Demonic Power to cast, even to hold something as small as that book, but it meant having a secure place to stash my gear and that sort of usefulness was worth every drop.

Shame I couldn't make the most of it.

Just to double check... I fished the Infernal Tome out of my Dimensional Pocket again, checked it over, tossed it right back in, and frowned at just how much Demonic Power that drank up. It'd take years to build up the reserves to do that casually. Longer still before I could toss anything living in there, especially something that can struggle. Couldn't imagine how long it'd take to build a large enough reserve to build a whole fighting arena, the kind they used for Rating Games!

Lucky that I didn't mind cheating.

A Golden Ticket sat pretty at the back of my mind, ready to hand over a hearty expansion to my maximum reserves and also a big prize.

My eyes went to Sona who was shooting real angry looks at Neferpitou's knight piece. It'd be mighty risky to roll right now, but gosh darnit if this Gold Ticket didn't make me feel impatient! These Gold Tickets were bringing out the worst out of me!

Agh, to hell with it!

I'll risk a familiar appearing out of nowhere! And if it had to be a familiar... Satan, please let it finally be a horse!

I burned the ticket.


[Verdance] |Elite Ability|
You have formidable chlorokinetic abilities. Allowing you to create, communicate with and control plants in your sensory range. You are able to create plants out of the soil and boost any existing plant to supernatural levels, making wood harder than steel, bring down leaves sharper than razors, impale people with roots that erupt from the ground, or simply grow a berry bush for a quick snack. But you need a plant in your range or grow one to use your abilities on them.

...
​

...

My [Byakugan] was on. My 'sensory range' covered a massive chunk of the whole town. And within this space...

Is... is this how them gods feel? To hold the whole damn world in one hand?

I was like someone born with no arms suddenly waking with a million green hands, every one of them hungry for use. Every leaf reaching up for the warm sun, every blade of grass shivering like whiskers in the wind, and every root pushing through soil in the pitch black of the underground for water and nutrients. All this time, I'd been looking at the world through [Byakugan], nothing had been hidden, but everything was out of reach. Not anymore.

I reached out with [Verdance].

Across town, in the parlor of a traditional Japanese house, a bonsai tree snapped free of the solid steel restraints. The old man beside it froze with his teacup halfway to his mouth, eyes round as silver dollars. Out by my cabin in the nature reserve, a beetle was chewing through a maple tree's leaf. The leaf curled shut around it, there was a wet crunch, and the little pest became paste.

And on the park path, just a few dozen yards behind me—

"Ow!" Sona's blue haired rook piece rubbed her head, glaring at the ripe apple that had fallen on it. Her partner, a brunette with the twintails and striped leggings, just giggled beside her and picked up the fruit. And through it... the warmth of her hand and the softness of her fingers.

I felt it all.

The Green was mine to command as if it was my own hand. But it was so much more than that.

Through [Nature's Child], I drew strength quicker the closer I stood to nature. And I wasn't just 'close' to the nature of Kuoh Town, I was one with it. All of it. All at once.

That hefty chunk of Demonic Power that I spent playing with the Dimensional Pocket, I regained in a blink. Even now, my power swelled and overflowed. And so long as I stayed in wooded country like this, my Demonic Power was functionally infinite, like a lake in a hurricane filling up faster than I could drain it.

I could cast spells all day, I could fight all day... And with [Stim], as long as something didn't kill me in one shot, I'd regenerate like one of them Phenex! I could even make spell totems all day long... Heck, I could make as many Ichabods as I want without running out of juice anymore! I could... I could...

The potential never ends.

I hadn't had a hand this good since I got [Intermediate Item Creation] and [Bronze Creation]! If that was a Pair, then [Nature's Child] and [Verdance] and [Byakugan] were Three-of-a-Kind!

Every plant was now my power source and weapon.

Every tree lining the roadside, every flower crammed into some window planter, every potted fern sulking in the corner of a living room, every mushroom growing in the damp dark corners of—

My mind skidded to a dead halt, and I frowned fierce in my chair.

Wait a cotton-picking minute... Fungi weren't plants! If my [King of All Trades] had left me with even one scrap of learning worth keeping, it was that mushrooms, yeast, mold, and the rest of 'em belonged to a whole separate kingdom from plants and animals! And by every modern biology textbook, my plant magic shouldn't have been able to touch them at all! Unless, of course... Magic didn't give one solitary damn about modern ningen taxonomy.

And sitting there, turning the thought over in my head, I realized... That was the kind of attitude that I could get behind!

To heck with them ningen classifications of the natural world!

A devil-cowboy like me might not be much of a spell researcher, but Satan as my witness, me and my [King of All Trades] were gonna invent and cast whatever magic I'll damn well please! And no taxonomist was gonna keep me from it!

I was gonna research the heck out of these spells! And there sure were a lot of 'em spells, just waiting to be made true!

Just off the top of my head, I could think of a few that would revolutionise Nebiros Valley! Spells like Banish Tumbleweed or Lesser Marijuana Field or Summon Dire Beer. Shoot, my folks were gonna be mighty proud of me with just those alone! Just from how much devil-drugs I can grow on a dime, but the real 'holy grail' was the spell that every kin of our proud could only dream of: Conjure Ranch Dressing.

If I can crack the mystery of that spell, if I could inscribe it in an Infernal Tome like the Sona gave me, everyone in Nebiros Town would crown me Satan faster than I could say 'Unlimited Ranch Refills!'

They'll make a monument in my honour! Malal Nebiros, the greatest farmhand amongst the Underworld— No, the greatest farmhand who ever lived!

I sat back, resting my hat over my eyes with a chuckle.

And in a cabin in the woods under the glowing eyes of bronze golem, branches picked up chalk, began writing on a chalkboard... chasing after magical secrets that no other devil had ever pursued before.

(A while later)

"Refreshments, Sona-kaichou."

Tea arrived precisely when Sona was losing her fifth game.

"Thank you, Tsubaki," She murmured, still staring at the increasingly dire state of the chessboard.

Her queen piece—the one that hadn't been sacrificed to stop this damned chimera's advance through the right flank of the chessboard—set down a second table for tea service, draped with restaurant-quality white tablecloth. And over it, Tsubaki's long black hair swayed like a curtain of black silk as she served them tea from Renée's. Setting down a white teapot painted with Sitri-blue irises, a bowl of sugar crystals, a small glass pot of amber honey, and a tiered plate of honey cakes delicately dusted white with powdered sugar.

Sona reached... for her rook, and the corners of the catgirl's mouth twitched.

"Your king is still in check, Lady Sitri," Neferpitou 'helpfully' reminded.

Sona's fingers remained on the rook. "I am aware of that," she said, staring at the board without truly seeing it. "I'm merely reevaluating my position. Don't rush me."

"Your rook has no legal moves."

"I said I know," Sona replied, annoyed as a steaming porcelain cup was set down beside her pile of fallen pieces.

Another cup was set down beside her opponent's infuriatingly smaller pile. But as Tsubaki navigated around the table, Sona caught sight of a... tall glass of iced tea with lemon? Her brows furrowed. What kind of uncultured, country bumpkin would want iced tea—

A cold pit dropped in Sona's stomach.

And with a wince, she moved her violet eyes, almost unwillingly, from the tea tray to the corner of the park gazebo that she had been consistently overlooking all this time.

Malal Nebiros sat leaned back in his chair, arms folded across the black of his suit. His black cowboy hat had tipped forward over half his face, hiding his eyes under it. He looked, for one terrifying instant, as though he had fallen asleep. Or worse, as though he had been awake for some time and had simply decided that there was nothing here worth interrupting.

Ooo, she was going to be in trouble for this.

She had been sent here to accommodate him. Make House Nebiros feel received, valued, and kept within reach until her sister could finish the true work. The rare Infernal Tome had simply been a 'reset button' as they say, actually making diplomatic progress beyond that had been up to her. And what did she do? She'd made some polite noises then... promptly forgot all about the heir from a Lucifer Six House to go play chess with his bodyguard. For four whole games (All with four losses, which was humiliating but not currently the point), she had completely ignored him.

With a wince, Sona tipped her king over with two fingers.

The white-haired, faux nekoshou nodded slightly, accepting her fifth victory. "Mr~rm. Another match?"

"Not right now," Sona said.

She... she can fix this. There was still time to fix it. Unlike with Rias' catastrophic blunder, this wasn't permanent. Just... a misstep.

He was willing, or rather forced, to cooperate: Staying put while he was investigated by whoever her Serafall-onee-sama had assigned to his case. But that won't last, and they had until after his Rating Game to convince him otherwise. The main body of the convincing would, of course, be up to her sister and what concessions a Satan can give to Malal and his House, but the groundwork for polite discourse started here.

Fixing her violet glasses, Sona's eyes rested on the tall glass of lemon iced tea.

Yes! This is where she could start: with making Lucifer Six feel at ease in Kuoh Town. Because it was always hard to imagine a reassuring future of cooperation when the immediate present was already fraught with uncertainty... and neglectful hosts.

"Lord Nebiros," Sona said, her voice far calmer than she felt. "Forgive the delay, but tea has arrived."

"Much obliged!" Malal sat up immediately, either awake or quick to react as he fixed his hat with a cheerful smile. He accepted the tall glass, and with a long sip, he hummed in approval beneath the brim of his black hat.

Sona allowed herself exactly one breath, relieved that he wasn't visibly angry at her diplomatic faux pax.

"Sona-kaichou," Tsubaki began quietly, leaning close to her shoulder. "While retrieving the refreshments, I received a call from—"

"Later," Sona whispered back.

The taller girl hesitated momentarily, then bowed and withdrew to the tea service.

She already knew who has been incessantly trying to contact her, and would also be catastrophic if mentioned in front of present company. Hospitality first, her panicking friend later. Rias' calls, unless it was about her peerage about to charge through the hedges, could wait until after the meeting.

So, with a soft smile, Sona turned back to Malal.

"I apologise for the conspicuousness of our security measures. Kuoh Town sits at a rather busy crossroad. Tokyo, the capital of this human country, is merely a stone's throw to the northeast, and our town holds the largest station that pierces the veil between the Underworld and the human world. Commuting devils, pact magicians, and diplomatic guests, all eventually pass through Kuoh Town for one reason or another. Needless to say, we are by necessity quite proactive with dealing with any stray devil that dares trespass here."

Secure and prosperous. Two things that any noble would gladly boast their domain to be.

... And Sona had to pretend that Kuoh Town was hers to boast about. In reality? This domain was Rias' by grant and bloodright, administered under the banner of House Gremory. Sona merely held the reins in Rias' absence. Temporarily, of course, while her friend had since been recalled to her family's demesne for discipline. It just seemed unwise to remind her guest that the lawful mistress of the town had recently attempted to have him decapitated.

That would be the last thing she needed right now.

"Proactive? Is that what you call it?" Malal Nebiros chuckled, eyes shifting under the shadow of his hat to share a bemused look with his chimera.

Sona was very aware that they knew something she didn't, but she couldn't do anything but continue to smile pleasantly. "Indeed, while you remain here, that watch includes you. Any hand raised against a guest under my jurisdiction will be treated as a hand raised against the order of this territory."

"And I appreciate the thought, Miss Sitri," He nodded. "Just seems funny saying that with all these stray devils on the loose."

"You've... encountered Stray Devils?" was her surprised reply.

"Encountered ain't the word for it... I'd say 'discovered' suits it better." He shrugged, "Closest we got to an 'encounter' with one of 'em was when it skittered through my neck of the woods. He was smart enough to keep his distance, that one was. And I was otherwise preoccupied building my cabin back then, so picking a fight was the last thing on my list. After that, no one else wandered that close, so we've just been watching 'em mutate all around town. There's one that had six legs just the other night. It's down to four now, but it learned manholes."

Sona could feel the conversation back-firing in real time.

Not because of the spike in stray devils in Kuoh Town. No, with Rias and her peerage currently absent, no one was able to perform the usual sweep of Stray Devil eliminations. So, an increase in Stray Devils in the area was to be expected, but not enough for them to be this noticeable! Finding them was difficult enough as it was, accidentally running into them was an astronomical chance. So, either there had been a mass defection of devils in the Underworld that she hadn't heard of or...

"... you're able to locate them?" Sona whispered to him.

"Sure do," He said with an easygoing smile and a wink. "You can say that I got some of the sharpest pairs of eyes in House Nebiros!"

"I... see," Sona's eyes drifted, despite herself, to the other side of the chess table.

The white-haired nekoshou-chimera sat quietly beside the board, wearing that same airheaded look of low intelligence, as if she had not beaten Sona at chess fiv- four times in a row.

House Nebiros had shown them one chimera, brazenly placed it right in front of them like they were brandishing a sword. And despite having told it straight to their faces that there were more hidden away, they had made the mistake of assuming that this Neferpitou was the only one deployed here in the human world.

How many, then?

Just how many spies did House Nebiros already have in Kuoh Town, if their heir could monitor stray devil movements this closely? Were the others stationed throughout the territory as powerful as this one? As intelligent? As good at chess? Serafall had said the chimera she encountered possessed stealth capabilities refined enough to elude even a Satan's senses for a time, so was the creature sitting across from Sona might not even be that same chimera? Would they have any reliable way to tell them apart?

Her sister was not going to like how couldn't answer any of those questions.

Sona returned her gaze to Malal with great care. "I... we would appreciate it," she said, keeping her voice even, "if you would forward such information to us, Nebiros-dono."

"I would," Malal said. His smile tilted beneath the shadow of his hat. "Provided you let me join in on the fun."

Sona went still. "So, you wish for hunting rights in this domain..."

The question sounded calmer than it felt. Old law had sharp teeth, and Malal Nebiros had just brushed his fingers over one of them.

Kuoh Town belonged to Lord Gremory. Its roads, its resources, its humans, and its stray devils. And by his license, Sona held the steward's seal here—the youngest in six hundred years entrusted with a realm of this size in the human world, but that wasn't important right now—every stray devil slain within these borders was supposed to be slain under the Gremory owner's direct authority or hers. A right guaranteed to them by the Satans. Perhaps the Lord Bael could make that trespass, but no one else from the Seventy-Two. However...

She sipped her tea, looked past the porcelain rim to the devil-in-black smiling across from her.

... Malal was not of the Seventy-Two. He was of the Six Houses of Lucifer.

In the older books, a Lucifer Six heir would not have needed to ask before destroying any stray devil they found. 'Deserters' was what they had been called rather than stray devils, since these laws predate even the modern peerage system by several centuries. But even in those times, having deserters of another House find refuge in your realm was... problematic to say the least. Lord Gremory or whoever he left in charge of the realm—namely a Rias Gremory and a Sona Sitri—would have been the one made to answer to Malal.

After all, the Six Houses of Lucifer were often called upon to discipline 'disobedient' Houses. With House Lucifuge's punishments the most well known for being the most... spectacular.

That was the trouble with dead laws. No one bothered to prune them until someone who was supposed to be extinct strolled in through the gates with his shiny, oversized belt buckle of authority.

Sona folded her hands neatly in her lap. "Are you requesting my authorization as Steward of Kuoh Town, or are you asserting a privilege of House Nebiros?"

The distinction was thin, and mostly decided if she was going to need an Underworld lawyer for this.

"Which of 'em means that we can go do it our damn selves?" The devil-in-black said in a half-laugh. Then he jabbed a thumb to point past his shoulder, pointing beyond the manicured colours of the botanical park, and toward the rougher, greener and hillier rise of Kuoh Town's rural edge. "There's four of 'em tucked up that way, just round the bend. Two of 'em are looking extra ugly, and I reckon the last two aren't far off themselves. We can mosey on over, collect their scalps, and make it back before the first fly finds these honey cakes. All this sitting around is making me itch."

The first one then.

Recognising her authority and allowing himself to act within it... she was not expecting that, but she did appreciate the gesture.

"Thank you for your consideration," Sona said, stalling with a sip of her teacup.

Just a little hunt between heirs then. A more violent and bloody social affair, but a social affair nonetheless. She had only gone to... two her entire life? And those were for hunting wildlife, not Stray Devils. This would certainly be more dangerous, though not recklessly so. In fact, it would be insulting to suggest that a 72 Pillar heiress, a Lucifer Six heir, a peerage, and a war-chimera combined wouldn't be able to handle a Stray Devil.

"However..." She began with an appropriately regretful sigh, "I cannot knowingly place a guest under my protection in danger. Regardless of how unlikely that danger may be."

Malal chuckled as if she had just told a joke, "And if those stray devils just suddenly turn up dead?"

Sona's fingers tightened once against the handle of her teacup. He's reminding her that he had an army inside Kuoh, and leaving it to her if she wants a demonstration of what they could do right underneath their noses. This chimera army could accomplish a lot—more than Rias and her peerage could—of that there was no doubt. She had already admitted that they couldn't find the Stray Devils in their territory, so how much more with the army of nigh-undetectable chimeras that could hunt them at a snap of his fingers?

"I do not doubt they would, Nebiros-dono..." Sona said softly. Her eyes swept across the swaying treeline, where the shadowed center of the tree, and she wondered how many nekoshou-chimeras were watching from the branches at this very moment.

Then it struck her. Like a chess strategy she had never witnessed before until now.

... Why was she against this?

Wasn't this precisely what her Serafall-onee-sama wanted?

In any other scenario, a Lucifer Six heir revealing hidden claws inside her borders could hardly be mistaken for anything other than a threat. Yet... Malal hadn't revealed them to threaten her. No, he had not only given up the advantage of surprise that would otherwise have been fatal for them, but he offered the use of his House's creations in service to the Underworld's safety, working with her authority rather than in defiance of it.

That was what the Four Satans wanted, wasn't it?

To have the Lucifer Six house invested in the interests of the Underworld? Their interests intertwining closer and closer until they find themselves reintegrated? To have House Nebiros' chimeras acting within their authority rather than challenging it?

Could it be just this easy? Dare she believe it was?

It could still be a trap... Or it could simply be House Nebiros being what they have always been known for: obtuse, inscrutable, unnervingly horrifying in their methods, and yet still unquestionably aligned with devilkind. It all depended on whether the devil in front of her could be trusted—

Yes, Sona Sitri trusted her elder sister's judgment. In matters this serious, at least.

If Serafall, for whatever reason, believed House Nebiros could be brought back into the fold through Malal, then Sona would not be the one to flinch when the first real opportunity presented itself.

"Very well, Mal," she said.

He sat up, a wide grin under the shadow of his hat. "So I'm deputized? With the right to arrest?!"

"Yes," Sona smiled along. "You may eliminate stray devils found in the territory of Kuoh Town, and my office will confirm and record your success. Though, that is not the same as a general right to administer justice in this territory, nor to the right to the humans. This is as much authority as I can formally grant you as Steward of this territory, and I suppose that we will be working much more closely from now on."

"That sounds like a fancy yes!" Malal grinned wide, scooting his chair closer. "So, do we shake on it or something? Or is our word good enou— Ah, I guess it is."

"Yes, however, I'd prefer for us to formalize it by putting the agreement to ink," She turned her head slightly, violet glasses catching a pale flash of garden light. "Tsubaki."

The taller girl was ready with the writing instruments. Vellum, House Sitri's blue sealing wax, and Sona's favoured blue pearl fountain pen, arranging them beside the tea service as neatly as if they were simply another course. The absurd normalcy of it steadied her. Sona had expected that she would be expected to produce something along the lines of a formal, written apology. But never had she hoped that it would be this productive instead.

Sona looked to the blank vellum laid out in front of her... and carefully took up the fountain pen, her pale fingers wrapped around the swirling blue and white pattern on the pen's glossy surface.

For once, the board seemed to be moving in her favor.

She steadied her breath, then pressed the golden pen nib onto fine calfskin vellum. The words formed with graceful curves of ink. Sona knew them by heart, so similar were they to the license that Lord Gremory had granted to her. And she'd spent long enough staring contemplatively at that precious framed declaration of her status to recite it.

She also insisted on the formality of getting it in writing then.

A single line in and the gravity of what she had done and what she was doing struck her. House Sitri... aligned with the first real Lucifer Six house. Her parents and especially her sister were going to be over the moon. A tiny part of her whispered that this could pay immense dividends for herself down the line too. This... this could even be the political leverage she needed to start her own Rating Game Academy!

Tremors of excitement threatened to ruin her penmanship, but Sona kept her hand steady.

"Kaichou…" Reya, her bishop piece who was supposed to be on watch, murmured near her shoulder.

Sona did not look up, eyes focused on gliding the polished nib of her pen over the vellum in precise, controlled strokes as she whispered. "Later."

"But—"

"Not now," she said, barely above a breath.

Across from her, a chair creaked, and Malal took a long sip of iced tea, his black cowboy hat tipped up just enough to watch her write. "You oughta hear her out," he said, his eyes glanced up from the parchment and to her. "Reckon it's about that train that rolled into town a few minutes ago. Same one Miss Gremory's peerage rode in on."

The fountain pen froze, and Sona did as well. Her eyes peering incredulously over her glasses' violet rims. "What?"

"They're headed this way now!" Malal's mouth curved with open amusement, and then he actually laughed. "And they don't look none too happy."

"It's as he says, Sona-kaichou," Tsubaki said quickly, the taller girl sounding apologetic, "I'm sorry. This was what I tried to inform you. Rias called earlier and she was acting strangely, asking where you were. I told her you were not to be disturbed, but she intuited this location, and—"

"We must act fast," Sona stood up, her chair sliding back with a sharp scrape against the wood. She offered an apologetic look to her guest. "I'm terribly sorry for the interruption, Nebiros-dono. If you will excuse me for one moment, I must prevent—"

"Too late," Malal scoffed, still smiling as he gestured with his glass of iced tea past her. "That's them right there."

Tense, as if expecting a punch, Sona turned around, almost praying for everyone's eyes to be lying to them. But there, at the far end of the park, a pair of figures advanced down the sunbaked concrete path between the beds of tulips. Yuuto Kiba and Akeno Himejima... Both proudly wearing the Kuoh Academy uniform as well as proudly wearing the firm expressions of people who were absolutely determined to ruin a Sitri heiress' day today.

Rias—or at least her peerage—had once again appeared to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory.

Sona clenched her teeth tight to keep herself from cursing. Because of course they had arrived precisely now, just as the meeting had begun to resemble success.

"Mal," she said, already stepping away from the table, "please stay put."

"Sure thing!" He said before tossing something small to his familiar, "Hey, Pitou, this is yours."

"I am not worthy... but I will treasure it forever, my King."

Sona marched out the gazebo and under the noon sun to meet the duo, greeting them with her coldest stare. "Akeno, Yuuto. What in Satan's name are you doing here?!" she hissed in a whisper. "Serafall told you, all of you, not to interfere!"

"We apologise for the interruption!"

The Queen and Knight pieces chorused with their synchronized bow, Akeno's long dark ponytail even brushing on the concrete.

Sona massaged the bridge of her nose. At least... they hadn't forgotten all their manners, but they hadn't remembered enough of it to not interrupt her diplomatic meeting in the first place!

"Sona-sama, we are not here to fight," Akeno politely emphasized as she straightened, chin lifted and violet eyes looking into hers. "We are here only to ensure that Rias-buchou's correspondence reaches Nebiros-sama without tampering."

"A... letter?" Sona parroted dully, staring at the bustier girl wondering if the nutrients had actually rushed from her brain. "You interrupted this diplomatic meeting... for a letter. Couldn't have waited until after it concluded?"

Akeno's expression did not change, but the blond knight coughed beside her. "Buchou... " He began. "... she believed the matter was urgent enough."

"Rias is grounded."

"But remains the heiress of House Gremory and Lady of Kuoh Town," Akeno replied, technically correct with caveats studding her statement. "And she wished for you to know, before you made any... agreements, that Nebiros-sama threatened her by letter."

"And I sure did!"

Sona closed her eyes—Of course he had heard—then glanced back.

Malal remained exactly where she had told him to stay. He sat tipped back in his chair, iced tea in hand. "I threatened to take one of her peerage members..." he raised his glass in salute, "... by winning our Rating Game!"

Akeno just nodded, letting him speak for himself.

Sona reached up to pinch the bridge of her nose. "Akeno-san... That is the publicly declared wager of the match." she said, opening her eyes again with immense effort. "Everyone in the Underworld knows that!"

"It was phrased aggressively enough to concern her," Akeno reached into her pochette and produced a sealed envelope between two fingers. "And Buchou has replied in kind."

Sona looked at the seal, then at Akeno. Then—

"Who is that yokai standing beside him?" Yuuto spoke up, his blue eyes glancing past her and toward the gazebo. The faint, curious 'Mr~rm?' was far more worrying to her than it was to the blond knight.

That's right... Neither Rias nor her peerage has yet been informed of the nekoshou-chimera. She would need to have a discussion with Serafall about that. But in this immediate situation...

"That is none of your concern, Yuuto-san," She said with a cold stare.

"But—"

"Drop. It."

Rias' knight piece pressed his lips together, tearing his eyes away from the chimera.

At that moment, Sona felt pride for Rias. She was proud of her friend... for not being catastrophically stupid enough to send her nekoshou rook piece along with them, otherwise... Well, her reaction to just House Nebiros' sigil started this mess. She could not imagine how Koneko would react being face to face with what they strongly suspected was her mutated, mass-produced clone. If only she could have also felt proud that Rias allowed her diplomatic meeting with the Nebiros heir to go uninterrupted as well!

"Akeno," Sona turned her attention to Rias' Queen piece. "Give me the letter. I'll hand it to him myself."

"With all due respect, Sona-sama, Buchou ordered that it be delivered directly to Milord Nebiros."

Sona countered with her own politeness. "With respect," she began, "Rias is not authorized to interrupt an active diplomatic meeting with a Lucifer Six House heir. He can receive her letter from my hands now, or he can receive it from your hands later. You may choose what's more important, but you are not taking one step closer to that gazebo."

Akeno hesitated, her violet eyes glancing around. And Sona knew that Rias' Queen piece was looking at her peerage who had all gathered to enforce their King's will. With a soft exhale, she bowed, extending the letter to her. Rias's seal in bright red wax resting on the vellum, pressed hard enough that the crest had nearly cracked through the paper.

"I entrust it to you, Sona-sama."

Sona accepted it without a word. Instead, she turned, walked back under the gazebo's shade, and placed the envelope in Malal's waiting hand. "There," She turned to Akeno. "Delivered without tampering."

"Much obliged." Malal accepted the letter between two fingers. And for one narrow, hopeful instant, Sona thought he might simply tuck it away and allow the matter to die with what little dignity remained of her diplomatic meeting...

And then the envelope spontaneously burst into flames.

Rias's red seal blackened. The paper curled inward, bright orange licking over the folded parchment until whatever angry words Rias had committed to ink became ash between Malal's fingers.

"I'm sure it had some real nice words from Miss Gremory," Malal stood up, boots stepping forward casually on wood. "Unfortunately, I don't listen to sore losers and their ramblin'."

Sona's smile survived by training alone. Akeno flinched, and Yuuto snapped.

"You bastard!"

Malal only smiled at the reaction. "But where, oh where, are my manners?" The devil-in-black chuckled as he patted the last of the ash off his sleeve. His thumbs hooked on either side of his shiny, oversized belt buckle as if to draw attention to Nebiros sigil engraved on it.

His dark cowboy hat tilted forward as he nodded.

"Howdy, I'm Malal Nebiros." he said with a grin, "Great Grandson to Zaorama Nebiros. But you can start callin' me your King."

Both Rias' Queen and Knight piece startled, wide-eyed, at the sheer arrogance of the statement.

"One of you lucky sons of a gun is gonna end up callin' me that anyway. And I reckon you'd all best start getting comfortable saying it now..." He grinned down at the two of them, "'specially since I already have my eye on who I want."

Kiba went very still. And Akeno wore a genuinely worried expression on her face as well. And for a moment, no one in the park moved. It was then that Sona understood, with perfect and helpless clarity, that there wasn't going to be any peace in Kuoh Town any time soon. In fact, her quiet little human town had just become a town on the edge of their own mini-devil civil war.

But in that second, Sona herself had to wonder: Malal Nebiros had already decided who he wanted to take, but...

Her eyes glanced at the blonde knight piece and the Queen piece.

... which one was it?

[Kuoh Academy - Occult Research Clubhouse]

Koneko sat against the door, the shoving stick resting across her lap.

"So, you... feel it?" the girly voice said, muffled by the thick door where seals engraved into the dark wood. "That's so cool... They say only the most sensitive internet psychics with the most followers can sense it."

"Mm," Koneko gripped the stick tighter. "It's... lingering over the whole school... reaching all the way here."

"Uweh, that sounds pretty scary."

She frowned, pressing her cat ears to the top of her head. "I only notice it if I focus on it.."

"If you focus, huh?" The plasticy crinkle of a konbeni rice bowl being unwrapped came through the door. "Some psychics say that when they focus enough, they see the shape of a bug, but others see a cat. What do you think, Koneko-chan?"

"Mm..." she tried, just a little to focus on the evil-feeling energy, and she shivered, "I don't know, but... I think it's both... Mmm, Gasper?"

"Hmm?"

"Do you... know where it's coming from?"

"They say it's been coming from the woods in the hills." Gasper said through a mouthful of rice.

"... Then we shouldn't go there. Ever."

"Don't worry, Koneko-chan, it'll probably go away soon," Gasper said back, a smile in his voice as he spoke through the door, "We're devils now too. It can't be too scary, right?"


​

- Esoteric Cowboy Magicks End -
​


Big Bronze and Cat Complications
In which... Butterflies prevents someone's tragedy from happening. Mal becomes Sheriff Cuddle Cowboy of Kuoh Town. And a few poor souls come to the wrong neighborhood.
Coming soon to public release!
​

AN:

Infernal Tomes are... a fic creation so don't get confused if it's not on the DxD wiki. The Infernal language being an expy from DnD.

As a reader of DxD, I've officially reached critical levels of... don't-give-a-damn-ery for canon worldbuilding and powerscaling by this chapter, all from Ishibumi's world building choice.

The largest straw that broke the camel's back was the Space-Hindu ExE gods that killed the Great Red off-screen and made me want to scalp them. Meanwhile, the last straw was the Devil's power-dampening magitech clothes that the Four Satans apparently had all along. This magitech clothing was powerful enough to shut off Rias' PoD, and Ishibumi used it once. For a gag scene.


FEATS:

House-Pet Level Chessmaster
Humiliate Sona Sitri by having your pet beat her in a fair game of chess.
+1 Gold Gacha Ticket

Kuoh Town Job Hunter II
Be gainfully employed in the supernatural side of Kuoh Town (Middle-management level)
+1 Silver Gacha Ticket

...

ROLLS:

[Verdance] |Elite Ability| (Gold Ticket)
You have formidable chlorokinetic abilities. Allowing you to create, communicate with and control plants in your sensory range. You are able to create plants out of the soil and boost any existing plant to supernatural levels, making wood harder than steel, bring down leaves sharper than razors, impale people with roots that erupt from the ground, or simply grow a berry bush for a quick snack. But you need a plant in your range or grow one to use your abilities on them.

[Movement Ring] |Rare Item| (Silver Ticket)
Very useful when you really need some mobility. This ring has 3 total charges and recovers a charge every hour. You can use a charge for three things, a 10-meter range blink, 10 seconds of flight, or 10 seconds of Haste.

...
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Dacraun, ma042 and 2,395 others
Infonticus
May 18, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch 8 - Big Bronze and Cat Complications
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Jul 6, 2026
Add bookmark
#4,415
Chapter 8: Big Bronze and Cat Complications

In which... Butterflies prevents someone's tragedy from happening. Mal becomes Sheriff Cuddle Cowboy of Kuoh Town. And a few poor souls come to the wrong neighborhood.

[Outskirts of Kuoh Town]

With a smile, I seated a pair of spell totems into my double-barrelled shotgun.

One totem to tell 'em that I mean business, and the other for anyone with poor hearing. The inscribed containers of magical reckoning whispered across the mirror-smooth bronze, like the sound of silver dollars rubbing against each other, whispering their excitement for what was gonna happen.

"It's a darn good night for a shootout!" I laughed, angling my dark cowboy hat to look at the place better.

The moonlight shone down on tonight's killhouse: One of those Japanese hillside homes where the top floor sat road-level, and the rest of the house was built stepping down the hill slope. 'Course, this one was abandoned like one of those horror movies. A house of rotting wood and deep shadows, half-hidden behind the overgrown brush. Cracked stone steps dotted with lichen, flanked by broken potted plants spilling their rooty, soily guts onto the path. And the house's pointed thatch roof loomed above like a raised axe.

The front door itself was nowhere to be seen, leaving just an open void leading inside, and...

... It felt like the house was breathing.

That was the only way to call it. The air rolled out the open doorway. All warm, and wet and sour... like the breath of something big lying in the dark with its mouth open. Musty with old rainwater, and the faint iron smell of nails gone bad in soaked wood. Even ningens could tell that this place had been left abandoned and left to rot until the world remembered to clean up after itself...

"Perfect place for a couple of moving targets to settle in!"

With a twist of my wrist, my double-barrel snapped straight and shut, the moon glowing from deep within the gun's muzzles just as much as it did in the sky overhead.

I stepped over the threshold—into the house's shadow—licking my lips as the shotgun warmed in my hands. Its twin barrels growing hot with all the demonic power I pumped into its creation... just like any devil with Lucifer blood did at the promise of violence. Just like mine.

"Malal!" Sona Sitri stepped up behind me, violet eyes looking at the house suspiciously.

"Hmm?" I stopped, already a few steps inside the house's dark, and turned back toward the girls still gathered outside, all seven of them framed by the doorway. Their pretty faces had gone tight with worry... which was the best place I could focus on, because I was more aware that I could see through their Kuoh Academy uniforms when I'm looking at them head on like this. "Something a matter?"

"Yes," Serafall (the short-haired, glasses, b-cup edition) said, her violet eyes flicking at the darkness behind me, "Please don't rush ahead like this. We have yet to devise the optimal strategy. Are you certain there's only four stray devils?"

"As sure as if I went in there and eyeballed them myself!" I smiled, just glad that she hadn't asked how I knew these things. My [Byakugan]'s telescopic, 360-degree x-ray vision was too big and too valuable of an ace up my sleeve to just announce to people. But... I don't mind flaunting that I just 'knew' things. Like where all the targets were. I pointed deeper into the house, my black sleeve extended out and blending with the shadows, "One of 'em is in the dining room just down the hall, and other three scattered on the bottom floor. There, there and there."

The short-haired girl pushed her violet glasses up, "And their mutations?"

"Two of 'em are pretty far along, one's just started breaking out of his skin, and the last hasn't."

"That's..." Sona paused, her mouth tightening as if stopping herself from saying, "...That's far too many to handle cleanly. Rias-san and her peerage normally handled these duties. According to her reports, they seldom engaged more than two at once. Attempting to secure four stray devils in a single operation is... cause for concern."

A few of the girls traded looks. The redhead thumbed the handguard of her katana. Sona's queen piece, Tsubaki, glanced left and right as if expecting the dark woods to reach for them any second. Only the one with the shoulder-length teal blue hair, Tsubasa, looked ready to step up and spit in a stray devil's eye.

I liked her already.

Her dark blue eyes met mine as she spoke up. "This is our first Stray Devil Elimination, Nebiros-dono."

"Tsubasa..." Sona sighed.

"So?" I leaned on the doorway as if I owned the place. The bronze shotgun resting easy in the crook of my arm, "All you gotta do is stick close to me. First mission, four strays down. Hell of a start, if you ask me."

Sona turned that careful, proper look on me. "That confidence is exactly why we should proceed carefully, Malal."

"Careful?" I parroted. And despite my 360-degree, telescopic vision, I made a show of looking past her, down the path swallowed by trees, then back into the warm-musty black throat of the house. "Careful of what?"

"An ambush for one."

"There ain't an ambush out here," I said, before gesturing deeper into the house with my shotgun muzzle. "The first critter's that way."

Far behind me, in the dark, the malformed stray with its magic circle caused a table to telekinetically move across the room. The long scrape of wood across wood echoing out all the way out the door.

A couple of the girls startled a little at the sound.

"See?" I smiled at them. "Friendly. Already saying hello. So, let's head inside and say hello right back!"

That did not settle their nerves any.

Sona glanced back behind her, to the seven girls in that Kuoh uniform, "We need to hold here and form a proper plan."

There were nods all around, and my fingers tapping impatiently on the smooth bronze of my magic shotgun, "You know... you and your peerage can stay here and strategize yourselves a plan if you want. I can just head on in by myself."

Sona did a double-take, her whole gaggle of six girls did in fact. A mildly insulted one too. All of 'em wearing frowns made of pinched pride as they narrowed their pretty eyes at the cowboy who implied they weren't brave enough or tough enough for this.

Said cowboy just grinned back at them.

"We're coming with you," Sona replied with a frigid look.

"That's the spirit!" I said, already turning around to go deeper into the house, a grin on my face, and my hands gripping excited on the gun that I was about to use on a real, live target. "Besides, they're strays. Ain't no match for the Underworld's finest!"

I strolled nice and slow, making it easy for them to catch up. And behind me, the floorboards creaked as the girls followed, seven pairs of girls' school shoes crossing the threshold from dirt to rotting wood.

"Tomoe, Tsubasa, both of you are the rearguard," Sona said as she followed after me, "Ruruko, cover Reya. Momo and Tsubaki, on my target."

"Yes, Sona-kaichou," they said in a chorus, followed by a quiet shuffling as they switched formation.

The dark folded quick around their little formation. Sona, Tsubaki, and Momo just behind me. And the katana girl supporting the lone brave girl in the group. Like a bravery sandwich. There were still a bit of nerves, but they kept it together alright.

The humid hall ran narrow ahead, paneled in wood with lingering scraps of wallpaper where the damp hadn't rotted it off. And mushrooms grew from the corners where the floor met the walls. The ceiling beams were bruised black with water and rot. I could feel every soft place in the house through the moss, the roots, the mushrooms nosing through the corners.

I chuckled at it all.

Bad place for them to stake their hideout in the middle of my turf.

"Oh, careful on the left," I said, stepping over a stagnant, black puddle that had gathered where the floor sagged some like a shallow bowl. "The floorboards there are drinking water. They'll crack underfoot, and trust me, ladies, you don't want to meet whatever's been nesting in that little space between floors."

Behind me, the girls slowed their steps.

With [Verdance], every tree, every piece of moss and lichen was a weapon I could use. Roots to turn into spears, vines into living ropes, leaves into blades. All of it was mine to command. And with [Byakugan], I had my eyes on every sorry stray inside. They had nowhere to hide. Boy did it feel good having a whole damn deck of aces up my sleeve! Could only imagine what I'll be able to do once I hit ten abilities and get my third Ability slot... and that was only one ability away now. And I bet I'll get a ticket for hunting and killing my first stray!

A door on our right stood just slightly ajar, showing nothing but a sliver of black beyond. As we passed it, an empty tin of tea inside rolled across the floor with a slow, hollow scrape, then knocked softly against the other side of the wall.

The whole line behind me tightened.

"And never mind that sound," I said, letting the shotgun rest easy in my hands. "I reckon it's trying to lure somebody in. Floor's weak in there; rotten clean through. Step in the middle, and you'll drop straight to the lower level before you've had time to scream proper. Just like it wants."

One of the girls whispered, "It?"

"Yep. This one right here."

"What?!" Their voices chased me down the hall, but I was already around the corner, tipping my hat to the thing waiting in the dining room.

"Howdy, varmint! Underworld's best come to do some damage!"

The dining room opened up in a smear of rotten furniture and mouldering countertops. And in the back of it stood the thing that had been scraping tables and rolling tins: a pale, desiccated corpse with six arms, long like dead branches, spread open like an outstretched spider. Its fingers scratching on the ceiling, the walls, and the floor at the same time. Dried blood striped its chin.

It turned its fanged, too-wide smile toward me.

"AnothEr brAve soUL Come to—"

I pulled the trigger.

White-blue light swallowed the sentence.

The Sorceries of the Raya Lucaria Academy, even when shot through a gun, didn't thunder or boom. Instead, the sparking white-blue literally cut through the musty air with the singing keen of a hundred knives being drawn. Dozens of spectral blue daggers sheared through air, meat, bone, and wood in the blink of an eye. The stray's torso vanished along with its upper legs... and most of the wall behind it too, blasted out into the night in a burst of splinters and dust. And beyond the ragged hole, Kuoh Town glittered all pretty beyond the dark treeline.

Then the wet pieces hit the floor.

Black ichor dripped from meaty stumps and into the gaps of the floorboards. Six over-stretched arms twitched their fingers. The beast's long-haired head rolled near my boots, jaw still working around the words it never got to finish.

I lowered the misting barrels—blue glitters lingering in the mist—and looked down at the ugly mug bleeding black all over the floorboards.

"Boy," I shook my head, "what were you thinking, pulling the horror-movie act on us devils? Did you think we were a buncha ningens?!"

"Mal!"

Sona and her peerage came running up behind me, magic circles burning in their hands. Tsubaki swept her spellwork across the corners. Momo dropped to one knee, palm pressed to the warped boards, blue light crawling out beneath her fingers. Behind them, Tomoe had her katana drawn and glinting like silver, eyes locked on the twitching arms like she expected them to crawl back together.

"Clear," Tsubaki said, though she didn't sound happy about it.

Sona's eyes went from to the head, to my gun and then to me. "In one spell?"

"Carian Phalanx-shot," I told them, snapping the shotgun open. The spent totems misting in their chambers. "Both barrels. Wasn't sure how strong he was, so I took no chances. Only needed one, turns out."

Sona stared past me at the hole in the wall, then at the pieces twitching across the dining room floor. "Next time," she said, very carefully, "If you have accurate intelligence of the enemy's position, kindly notify us as well."

"Will do!" I smiled.


Feat Achieved! — Self-Defense, Your Honor
Kill someone for the first time (regardless of whether you consider them real people)
+1 Silver Gacha Ticket

...
​

Didn't even get to think about burning the ticket before the real 'fun' started.

A wood-splintering crash came from far below. A full-bodied impact that shook stagnant water off the ceiling beams in putrid splashes and sent the broken wood clacking in their frames. Because somewhere beneath our feet, an old flaking door had exploded into splinters as a half-horse, half-ape stray devil forced its way through.

"Broke through the stair doors," I said, already sliding fresh spell totems into the chambers.

Sona's head snapped an unbelieving stare at me. Wide-eyed and incredulous like a gambler watching his own ace crawl out of another man's sleeve.

"Charging up the stairs," I said. The shotgun clicked straight and shut.

More crashes came, wood snapping each time, closer with each one. The wood under my boots tremoring and the black puddles in the sagging corners trembled in rings.

"Momo, Reya!" Sona finally barked, Sitri-blue magic circle flaring in one hand. "Barrier on the stair landing! Funnel it into Tomoe and Tsubasa's—"

"Rearing to jump through the floor."

"W-what?" She choked on that command, and whipped her face to me.

I lowered the shotgun until the muzzles pointed at the boards just inches from my boot.

The horse-ape thing below us gathered itself just a floor below, a hooved-fist gripping a mean flanged mace as it stared up at the ceiling. And through gaps between rotting wood, over the sights of my shotgun, our eyes met. The whole floor took one deep breath.

Then I pulled the trigger.

For one split second, the full moon lit inside the dining room.

Pure white punched downward in a gleaming white cone of energy, tearing through the floorboards and straight at that poor bastard's ugly face. The blast didn't sound like blades this time. It sounded even cleaner than that, half-real, like the sky itself had cracked a silver bell over the house and let the note fall straight through.

The floor vanished. Wind slapped dust and splinters back into our faces. And on the floor right in front of me... A gap, wide and round as a manhole, had opened at my feet, wooden edges glittering faintly with white sparkles where the spell had punched through the damp wood.

Sona and I leaned over it.

Below that was a larger hole torn through the second floor, big enough that you could drop a bed through it without hitting the edges. Below that, in the ground floor, was an even bigger hole. And right through that, smack dab at the rocky side of the hill, was the crater where the stray had been flattened like roadkill until it burst red paste.

"Was rearing to jump through the floor," I scoffed and cracked the misting shotgun open again.

Sona just looked at me quiet. Like she couldn't decide whether to thank me, or throw me through the next floor herself.

Rennala's Full Moon was the cherished prize of an unbroken line of astrologers of the Raya Lucaria Academy, the realisation of their awe before the moon's majesty. This was a spell meant to incarnate that pale, perfect orb: whole, magnificent, and every bit worthy of their eternal devotion.

So naturally, the first thing I did after learning this spell was figure out how to stuff the moon into my shotgun.

Launched properly, the spell expanded like a silver flower, blooming on impact in a clean circular radius of magical moon explosion. Launched through my magic shotgun however, Rennala's Full Moon-shot came out too fast for all that elegant, ceremonial hooey. The blast stretched forward instead, dragging the moonburst into a cone of white annihilation.

I reckon this wasn't what Queen Rennala intended...

But it suited me just fine!

"Right. That leaves two," I snapped the shotgun shut with two fresh totems loaded.

"Leaves two where?" Sona's mouth tightened at once. Behind her, her peerage looked nonplussed some. Momo and Reya had their barriers half-formed, Tomoe's hands were still raised for a counterspell she no longer had anything to counter, and Tsubasa looked like she was rapidly recalculating every assumption she had ever made about stray devil eliminations, gun etiquette, and me personally.

"Ground floor. Just before the crater. They're standing out in the open over..." I said, waving my hand in the air to my left. "... this way, facing down the hill. These are the least mutated ones."

"So, they're still sane?"

"Plenty of devils lose their minds before they even go stray, but I get what you mean... Maybe just one of 'em though? The other one's not looking so good."

"Since you're undoubtedly going to charge ahead again, please wait for the rest of us before you engage them in combat."

"Fine by me!" I grinned, with a little hop into the hole.

The fall took me past the first floor in a rush of dust and torn boards, then past the blasted second floor where the mooncone smacked into a very unlucky horse-ape bastard. Once I got to the ground floor, my wings stopped my descent, and lightly, I stepped onto the moldy living room floor, shotgun already pointed.

There were two of them. Crouched on the floor.

The first must've been just a middle school boy when it was reincarnated. Small like any fourth-grader kid. It still had a regular face and regular head with regular black hair, but... the right sight of its body was a different story. It was still wearing a torn school uniform, but it couldn't hide the spreading meat of the change. One arm had stretched out to longer than his own length, the fingers fused into three hooked talons, and patches of dark feathers had burst down its neck and shoulders. And on its back, it looked like an animal trapped in a skinsuit, trying to claw its way out of rubber skin. It was either saddest or the most disgusting thing... Or both, depending on how charitable one felt like.

The other one was a girl. Couldn't have been much older than me or Sona.

The real surprise of the day was how she hadn't started mutating at all. Not one feather or horn... she looked even more of a regular devil than my folks! Pretty thing too: Long deep green hair, a face that could win a pageant, and a blue china dress that didn't hide her curves. She was looking fierce, but exhausted too. Eyes were bloodshot.

I tipped my dark cowboy hat.

"Howdy."

The sharpened steel point of her red-tasseled spear pointed my way. "Go!" she hissed. Not to me, but to the half-mutated one. "Now. To that place we talked about, and don't look back!"

The mangled thing whimpered. "It hurts. My hand—"

"I said go! I'll hold them off!"

It hesitated for a spell... then behind me, the Sitri heiress landed a lot more gracefully than I had, because she had class. And a heartbeat later, the rest of her peerage descended, spreading out behind us in the ruined living room with their magic already up. Magic circles every colour of the rainbow.

Then it bolted.

The half-formed kid hurled itself off the balcony on all fours, trees swaying as it hopped from branch to branch, putting as much distance from this here house as fast as possible.. or at least, he would for anyone that couldn't see through walls a mile away. And trying to further block my view was the china dress girl. She stepped fully into my line of fire and leveled her spear at my us.

Sona's gaze cut past the rogue devil to the open balcony with the forest view. "Malal, we can't let the other one get away!"

"Don't worry, it's being handled."

Sona's eyes snapped to me. "Handled how?"

"You'll see in a sec," I smiled, just as I used [Verdance] to move a branch out of the way mid-jump, sending the half-formed stray down to the forest floor. "Yep, just... don't worry about him anymore."

"You'll have to get through me first!" The green-haired girl's spear swung from me to Sona, then across the girls behind her. Daring for us to try and move. She misunderstood, probably thinking that me and Sona were meaning to chase after the mutated one... not knowing there was something worse in the forest.

A breeze blew past, smelling of iron, and she appeared.

Just one moment, empty space beside me, and the next, there was someone standing in it. Thin, girlish frame in a blue coat and orange shorts. Wavy white hair framing a face that was almost sweet. And in one of her blood-soaked hands...

A familiar half-mutated boy's head, blood-drooling mouth hanging open, one eye missing from a bloody socket.

"Good girl! Catching the stray quick!" I praised, tussling her snow-white hair.

"Mr~rm," Neferpitou purred, blinking up at me slowly. "I was only doing as you commanded, my King."

"No..." came a small murmur. The stray devil girl's spear dipped, and so did the expression on her face. Wasn't terror at my cat holding her friend's head. But she did look horrified some, just not for her own life... the green-haired girl lurched one step forward, a shaking hand reaching for the head as if she'd forgotten that I was still standing there with a loaded gun.

Then she screamed.

"TATSU!"

Too raw and high and wailing to be a battle cry. Must be the name of the kid in Neferpitou's hand. The spear dipped in the hyperventilating girl's hands, but then snapped back up, trembling now. Her fingers tightened around the spear until the knuckles went pale.

My grip on my bronze shotgun tightened just a smidge too. This stray devil girl was gonna charge at us, I could feel it, could see it in her eyes. She was gonna avenge her friend, or die trying. But instead...

"The other stray devils...They were your fellow peerage members, weren't they?"

... Sona spoke up.

The stray devil's mouth twisted. Her eyes shone with hate, but the hate had too much grief under it to stand straight.

"Yes, and you killed them all."

A lovely little silence followed that.

Sona's peerage looked ashamed of that for some reason. Had no clue why though, it ain't like they're the ones who pulled the trigger! But that did get me thinking about that six-armed corpse that done got shredded by my Carian Phalanx-shot, and the horse-ape thing flattened by Rennala's Full Moon-shot just a few paces from where we were standing.

Not that I feel bad about killing them, no sir!

I wasn't some ningen with a bleeding heart; my mom raised me better than that! Nope, I just had to wonder what kind of Pieces they were. Hopefully Rook Pieces, 'cause that means my gun was working really well! Speaking of which... This stray devil girl who had yet to start growing fur or extra limbs. If she lasted this long, she's bound to have some potential, right? Maybe made of sterner stuff to test my Carian Phalanx-shot on!

Sona and I met eyes, and I 'subtly' gestured with my bronze gun.

But the short-haired sister of Serafall just shook her head, and with a deep breath, she took one step forward to the stray. A strange, determined look in her violet eyes... then her soft, lyrical voice—like a calmer, younger Serafall—echoed out the rickety house.

"When a devil is declared a Stray Devil by their King, the Peerage's Evil Piece loses the living structure meant to regulate it."

"Don't lecture me!" the stray devil girl snapped, baring her teeth.

"Not to you," Sona said, her voice firm. "To them."

The six girls behind her stiffened as their King glanced back, taking the time to meet each of their eyes.

"Even after nearly five hundred years, there is still so much we do not understand about the Peerage's Evil Piece. Unspoken rules, undiscovered quirks, and hidden mechanisms. The Satan Beelzebub, the Evil Piece's inventor, has always insisted that we uncover its truths ourselves, and in deciphering his greatest creation, we have made shamefully little progress."

She adjusted her violet glasses with a quiet sigh, then looked back to the stray devil.

"But this much is known. The Evil Pieces binds us together as King and Peerage, as power and structure, as will and restraint. Even the strength granted to a Pawn Piece can elevate a normal human beyond anything they could dream of becoming, and power that great must be held in balance by hierarchy. If that bond is ever severed improperly…"

Sona's gaze moved to the dead thing dripping blood from Neferpitou's hand, and her peerage followed it.

One of the girls swallowed hard.

"The mind is the first thing to fail," Sona continued, quieter now. "Hairline fractures form across the psyche. Higher cognition begins to unravel, and the baser instincts rise to fill the cracks: Rage, Greed, Paranoia... It all worsens rapidly from that point, because devils are creatures of will and imagination, our bodies answer the mind's desires, regardless of whether those desires are consciously made... or even sane."

The stray devil's expression flickered, but Sona did not look away.

"Soon after, Stray Devils begin to mutate... becoming whatever their broken minds have dreamed of. Whatever their nightmares have been feeding them," She paused, letting the words settle into the room. "The process... It is irreversible."

"No, that's not true! We..." The stray devil's silver eyes went to the head in Neferpitou's hand, and looked away. "... We heard there was a way out! In the human world, somewhere in the mountain peaks of Sichuan, there is a hidden master who dedicated his entire life to devil exorcism. We pieced the rumor together ourselves. The Evil Pieces CAN be removed!"

She shouted it loud enough to almost convince herself, but not Sona.

Serafall's little sister didn't change her expression. Didn't look like surprise, though something that resembled pity passed behind the violet glass of her lenses. And it was that look of almost pity that she levelled at the stray devil for a long moment, before she said...

"Your King was cruel to you, wasn't he?"

"What?" The stray devil froze.

"You were mistreated," Sona continued, as if she was retelling a sad story she'd heard a thousand times. "Neglected at first, then humiliated, then punished more often. And without ever outright stating it, your King made it clear, in a hundred little ways, that your presence in the peerage had become unwelcome. And that's why, eventually, you ran away."

The stray devil's mouth opened and closed.

"How..." The girl's voice cracked around the word. She stared at Sona with wounded disbelief. "How could you possibly know that?"

Sona did not answer at once. Her eyes moved over the girl's stance, the way she kept her weight low despite the ruin in her body, the way her fingers twitched whenever she looked toward the fallen beasts. Not claws first. Not spellwork first. Balance first. Footwork first. Someone had taught her to survive before anyone had taught her to kill.

"Before I tell you," Sona said, "what were you before you were recruited?"

The china girl squeezed her eyes tight, as if gritting through from a bruise. "I... I was a ferrygirl in Guanxi."

One of Sona's peerage girls blinked. "A ferrygirl?"

"My family carried people through the reed waterways. Farmers with their sacks of rice, couriers with their parcels, and even travelling monks who would bless my boat with protective parittas." The stray devil's mouth moved like she almost remembered how to smile, then forgot halfway through. "My father taught me to drive off wild spirit beasts with an oar. Only later did I understand that what he taught me was spear law. How to move gracefully in water without a ripple and strike through the swiftest currents. He said a river daughter who could not guard her own boat would one day lose everything aboard it."

Sona's expression softened by the smallest measure. "And then?"

"I... ran away to enter a martial arts tournament," the green-haired girl said. Her silver eyes dropped. "I was hoping to win the prize money to..."

"To?"

Her next words came out quieter than the others."To afford a good academy for my little brother. He was... too clever. Father used to joke that the heavens had misplaced a scholar in a boatman's house. He deserved better than the muddy banks of a ferryman's life, but..." the girl continued, "a spirit beast rampaged through my town while I was away training. I heard about it three months after. By the time I returned... they had already buried the entire town, and the blood in my ruined home had long dried."

Her hands clenched.

"The beast had escaped, and I knew I would not be strong enough to defeat it. At least, not with anything my father had taught me. So when a mysterious stranger with inscrutable power offered to make a pact with me, I accepted. I thought it was a hidden master looking for disciples, but..."

"It was a devil looking for peerage members," Sona finished. "Your former King."

"So how?" the china girl whispered. "How do you know what happened after?"

"Because the Evil Piece, once accepted, cannot be unaccepted," the Satan's younger sister said plainly. "A King has only fifteen Ranks within their Peerage. Once a devil accepts the Evil Piece, that place is filled, and there are very few clean ways to empty it. Trading for an 'unused' piece is the only legitimate way we know of. Death is... not always as legitimate: Embarrassing training accidents, poorly supervised hunts in dangerous territory... and Stray Devil Elimination missions they are too inexperienced to survive."

Behind her, one of the girls went pale, and Sona exhaled, fixing her glasses.

"But those accidents invite questions about the King's competence. A devil going stray, however... That is understandable. Merely, a tragic failure of character, how could anyone know? So, the unwanted Pieces are pressured: Neglected, humiliated, then punished disproportionately. Anything to drive them toward anger, then call that anger proof of their instability."

The stray devil's lips parted, but nothing came out.

"And when they are close to breaking," Sona continued, "They hear a rumor: About a wise hermit in Sichuan, or mystic in Old Anatolia, or a saint living quietly in rural Brittany. Some faraway mountain, steppe, or valley... the details change, but the promise is always the same."

Her voice lowered.

"A way to remove the Evil Piece."

"No..." the green-haired girl half-whispered and half-exhaled, close to tears. And also half-realizing where the Sitri heiress was going with this.

"Yes," Sona said, "And that is almost always the final push they need to go astray. They flee into the human world, chasing the fiction their King had baited them with. And when the mutations finally claim them, when a trail of dead humans appears and the elimination order is issued, their King reveals their 'history of rebellious and erratic behavior,' and everyone is made to understand that the Stray Devil was always the problem. Putting them down is an act of mercy. So, their now-former King mourns in public, saves face among their peers, and quietly petitions for a replacement Evil Piece with which to recruit or reincarnate someone new."

The girl in the china dress stared at Sona as if she had reached into her chest and named the shape of the wound there.

Then the truth entered the stray devil all at once.

Her spear clattered to the floor, then followed by her knees. "So we were thrown away..." she said. Her hollow voice echoed off the ruined, rotting walls, "They followed me. They trusted me. They were hungry, and afraid, and changing, and they still followed me because I... I..."

Her claws dug into her palms until fresh blood slid between her fingers.

"I told them we would find it!"

Wood cracked under fist, the pitter-patter of tears coming soon after.

"But..." Blooded palms found her spear again, and she rose to her feet. A fierce, tear-streaked expression on her face. "If there is no way to be free of the Evil Piece. If the only paths left to me are to crawl through the dirt until my own name rots out of my skull, or death... then I will choose while I still understand what choosing means. I do not want the world to see what I would become."

She took one step back and lifted her spear, readied it and herself.

"My name is 衛策," she said. "Viser."

Her spear gleamed at us.

"Let whatever is left of me die with dignity. In honorable combat."


(Later) [Kuoh Academy]


[Rain] |Uncommon Ability|
Allows you to make it rain from the skies, the more energy you expend the larger the scale of the rain. Slightly boosts water-based abilities and slightly weakens fire-based ones.

...
​

"Darn, not even a rare one," I clicked my tongue. The office chair creaking as I sat back. "Well, ain't that just fine. Three for three, and not one of 'em has been any sort of useful!"

Three silver tickets.

That was all I had to show for clearing out that stray devils house from foundation to rafters. Sure, I wasn't fool enough to spit on good Tickets, but I'd been hoping the rolls would come up kinder. Not so much. [Rain] was near useless in a fight against anyone worth fighting, and I don't even have water-based abilities to boost with it neither! I reckon the only use I'll get from this is make it easier to water the fields back home, not like we devils didn't have water spells for that already. But... I ought to be thankful that I had three whole Ability Slots now. I just wish it had been from a more useful ability...

The one that came before was at least mildly useful.


[Edna Mode] |Rare Skill|
Incredibles - You are not a simple fashionista baby, you are THE fashionista. You are a master of designing clothes and costumes; if someone needs a costume, they come to YOU. Your skill in creating costumes can be compared to a Tinker even because you are just THAT good.

...
​

But the first roll?

The first roll had been worse!


[Cuddle Emperor] |Rare Trait|
Your existence is one that "Cuddles Greatly." Your hugs and snuggles are incredible, being able to comfort even broken souls. Being cuddled by your cuddles feel like being wrapped by the softest, warmest blanket, and they are even therapeutic, helping stabilise the mental state and comfort whoever you are targeting.

...
​

"Sona will be here soon, you clingy cat..." I whispered.

"Mrr~rrm..." Neferpitou purred as she sat crosswise on my lap, arms in blue sleeves wrapped around my neck. And hearing me say that, her face just nuzzled deeper the crook of it, her white hair tickled my cheek. "... just five more minutes, my King."

Well, it sure was working at least.

I gave her one last scratch behind the ear, wishing I could relax like she was. The last time I was in Kuoh Academy, they tried to take my head off. Closest I got to death right there.

But this student council room was comfy enough.

Gloomy, even with the rich blue curtains pulled back and tied in with gold tassels. It was more like a dining room than an office, with a deep blue carpet on fine wood and a dark oaken table for twelve. Bookcases lined the walls with leather-bound books, and it even had a chandelier overhead. Reminded me a lot of Glasya-Labolas. And it sure was nice to see some proper interior design instead of those modern ningen offices with them wheeled office chairs and their endless plastic everywhere! Not much in the way of fine art or just gold like you'd expect from devil design, and it made this room very modest by devil standards.

Could scarcely fault a devil for not thinking this was the command center of a Satan's little sister!

But I suppose that was the point: blending in with the ningens, so not a nosy parent or faculty could sniff anything strange.

But would it kill 'em to add a potted plant or two? Maybe even a cactus sitting snug in a mug? I could barely feel a thing here! After spending so much time in them woods this whole place felt deadened: Not a piece of living wood to turn into root-spears or leaf-blades with [Verdance], and not a single, living plant to draw energy with using [Nature's Child].

At least the rest of Kuoh Academy was a lot better. Grassy strips were laid out all around campus for bushes and pines to sit in, not to mention the woods out back near Rias' building. In fact, I might just—

The door clicked open.

Sohna stepped into the Student Council Room, Her violet eyes moved over me first. Then to Neferpitou, all cradled against the black of my suit jacket. And behind the faint glint of her violet glasses, one eyebrow rose.

"I see you've made yourself comfortable."

"We sure did," I smiled, before patting the chimera-ant on my lap. "Alright, girl, break's over for us."

"Mr~rm..." Neferpitou whined, but with a flick of a cat ear, she slowly disentangled herself from me. Her red eyes aimed a dirty look at the bespectacled Sitri girl before she stood behind me with all the poise and manners of a royal guard.

"Cats," I shrugged to Sona with a smile. "Now, what did you want to talk about?"

She cleared her throat, shifting to straightening her posture in her Kuoh Academy Uniform. "I was just in a call with Serafall-onee-sama and—"

"Serafall called?" I sat up straight, "Is she doing alright?"

"I... yes, she looked well," She blinked, then continued in a more formal tone. "Serafall wanted to convey her formal acknowledgements and congratulations for your new office as... Bailiff to the Steward. Your contribution to Kuoh Town's peace and security last night was greatly appreciated."

"Well you can tell her that there's more of that 'peace and security' comin' once I really get started!" I chuckled, "I'm always happy to help the Satan Leviathan!"

"She'll be pleased to hear that," Sona smiled a small smile.

"Yep," I said, leaning back with a relieved smile, "It's mighty fine news for me too!"

It would've been a crying shame if my little spat with Rias had barred me from Kuoh Town— the motherlode of all Ticket-earning opportunities this side of ningen country. But not no more! Now I had the formal backing of a Satan that guaranteed that I could stay right where I pleased. Hell, I even had more than just that: I also had all the leave a devil could ask for to ride up and down Kuoh Town, claiming bounty on Stray Devil scalps and picking clean whatever opportunity caught my eye. And the best part? Rias or any other Seventy-Two couldn't do a damned thing about it but sit there chewing nails while I do!

And who said working for Satan didn't pay well!

"Serafall also wishes to remind you," Sona began, returning to that careful official tone of hers, "Rias' Peerage will still be active with their own Stray Devil Elimination duties, and she hopes that there will be no quarrels over quarry or grounds."

"So, it's first come first serve?" I raised an eyebrow, "You know that I'm gonna beat them to the punch every time, right?"

That ticked her some, just the corner of her mouth tightening. But instead of saying anything, she walked over to the far wall of the student council room to where golden sunlight streamed through clear windows. She stared out, sun shining on her face, and hands clasped behind her as she looked at Rias' building that stood beyond the gymnasium building.

"Rias's Peerage..." She said with a small proud smile, "they're far from incompetent, Malal. I wouldn't underestimate them."

I barked out a laugh. "I'd hope not! I'm claiming one of 'em once all this is over. No, what I'm saying is—" I paused, before smiling wider. "You know what? How about I just stop jawing and show y'all exactly what I mean in the next few days? Won't we, Pitou?"

Neferpitou gave a soft, approving sound behind me.

Sona's gaze flicked past my shoulder, to my cat, then returned to me. "So long as there is no bloodshed, realised or attempted, between authorized parties."

"Does this mean that we can go over there and talk to 'em?"

"It..." She froze, just for a breath. "... is rude to enter a lady's personal quarters without her say so, Nebiros-dono."

I nodded. "Fair enough. Do I get a badge of office to wave in their faces when I run into them on the street, then? Something like a sheriff's star?" I asked, reaching into my coat. And before she could answer, I pulled out a gleaming bronze badge and held it up between two fingers. "Because I already made one!"

SHERIFF
KUOH TOWN

For a moment, Sona only stared at me. Then she adjusted her violet glasses slow, as if she was thinking about it some. And... merciful girl that she was, she let me have it!

"There... is no formal badge of office," she said with a sigh. "So I suppose you may wear it."

"It's official?! Fantastic!" I barked a laugh and pinned the bronze star to my chest. Then I tossed the second badge over my shoulder. "Pitou, here's yours!"

Behind me, Neferpitou's ear flicked. One slim, clawed hand caught the badge without trouble, pinning it to her chest in one smooth movement. "Thank you, my King. It is an honour to serve in this position."

Sona's gaze moved from me, to the badge on my chest, to Neferpitou, then back to me. "You are giving a symbol of office... to your familiar as well?" she said, each word placed with care, The look she gave me over the rims of her violet glasses told me she knew exactly what I had done, and worse, that I knew she knew. "For the record, the Steward's office expects a degree of seriousness from you."

"Oh, I am serious." I smoothed the front of my black coat and let the bronze star catch the daylight. "You'll find last night wasn't luck. I am, in fact, very good at wrangling stray devils. Even on my own."

"I…" Sona paused, and a faint blush touched her cheeks.

We both knew how much of last night's work had ended up in my and Pitou's hands. And how little of it ended between the seven of them.

"In regards to last night's events, there is one other matter I would like to discuss. Serafall-onee-sama—" She stopped, just enough to continue in a softer tone, "No, I would like to thank you for helping me. My Peerage and I would have been ill-prepared to handle four Stray Devils at once. Who knows how many humans they would have preyed upon if not for your intel, and how many injuries we would have sustained in the attempt."

"And you're always welcome." I grinned as bright as my new Sheriff's Star. "If you ever need backup again, just holler and I'll come running."

Sona smiled back in return. "I appreciate the offer. I have a feeling that—"

"Huh."

"—Is something wrong?"

"Oh, Rias' catgirl is just eyeballing us." I said turning in my seat to smile and wave out the window.

"Koneko is what?!" Sona rushed to the window.

There Koneko stood across the academy grounds, framed by one of the polished windows of the old schoolhouse. The catgirl looked small and stiff behind the glass, her hands were clenched white around the curtain she was peeking behind like a kid would hide behind her mother's skirts. A pair of golden eyes staring wide-eyed in a slack-jawed look of horror at the chimera-ant behind me. And Neferpitou... she turned her head just enough to acknowledge her. Her red eyes settled on hers, unblinking, while the rest of her remained perfectly still.

Across the field, Koneko vanished from the window.

I lowered my hand. Still wasn't sure what made her so scared of me.

"Malal," Sona said, turning from the window with a long sigh, "you have been an authorized officer of Kuoh Town for less than a day. Do not begin your tenure by tormenting one of Rias's Peerage."

"Can't help it," I shrugged. "We still have a Rating Game to fight. Taunting is fair game."

"I understand. But kindly keep it off my campus, I will not tolerate disorder in—"

That was when it happened.

"Sona," I said.

She stopped. Maybe it was my voice, or maybe it was the way Neferpitou's red-eyes were practically shining in anticipation.

I myself had gone stiff in my chair, smile gone, eyes staring right at the wall in front of me, but was in fact, looking far, far away to the right. Someone had stepped into the edge of my [Byakugan]— No, not stepped. She was zipping through the woods behind Rias's building fast enough that she was leaving a storm of leaves in her wake. Black hair on black kimono with two black tails. Whoever she was, she moved quicker than a horse at full gallop and carried enough magic power to light up like the sun in my eyes.

"Is Rias expecting visitors?"

Sona's brows drew together above her violet glasses. "It is daytime; the portion of the day that I'm responsible for. Rias would have informed me if her Peerage was receiving any visitors. Why do you ask?"

"Because someone just came in through the back window of her building."

"What?"

"Another catgirl," I said, watching the shape slink into the room where Koneko was snacking. "She's talking to Koneko... who's not looking too happy to see her. And—"

A chop to the back of the neck, and Koneko folded into her arms like a marionette with its strings cut.

I was standing before the thought finished forming, bronze shotgun in my hand, black cowboy hat pressed to my Lucifer silver hair.

"She's knocked Koneko out. Pitou—"

"Circle around and attack from the rear, my King?"

"You got it." I reloaded with spell-totems for a potential hostage situation.

My bronze shotgun clicked shut, waking Sona from her panic. "Wait," she squawked. "We don't know—"

"Gather up your posse," I said, already moving. "We'll try to herd her your way. And watch out: This one's fast."

I hit the window boot-first.

Glass burst outward in a bright, singing spray. My boots caught the sill for half a heartbeat, and [Muscular] activated. Ten legs worth of muscle fibers suddenly occupied my two legs. Bulging my calves and thighs under my dark pants. If I was a normal ningen, this would have been enough to challenge even middle-class devils in a competition of raw strength...

But when it was a devil muscle of a pure-blooded devil?

I kicked off the wall hard enough to make the air crack around me, shooting through the sunlit air like a bullet. The Student Council Room shot away behind me, Sona's sharp voice lost under the rush of wind. Neferpitou shot off at an angle, even quicker than me, cutting the long way around to reach Rias's building from the rear. For me, I took the straightest shot to the commotion.

The span of two football fields and I shot across it in a blink of an eye.

Rias's private schoolhouse rushed up, and I hit one of its 2nd floor windows shoulder-first, rolling through the broken opening in a glitter of falling glass. My boots skidded over expensive carpet, and my shotgun was raised and ready...

But Koneko's room was already empty.

"Front door." I clicked my tongue, immediately seeing where they were heading.

I ran. My boots hammered through Rias's private halls, over fine rugs and past flower arrangements that didn't deserve the kind of morning they were getting. I caught up, almost catching a clear line of sight of the catnapper as she turned the corner on the ground floor, just a shadow darting out of view.

Neferpitou turned the corner, and we met at the front entrance where this whole ugly business with Rias had started, her white tail lashing once behind her.

We nodded, and burst out into daylight together.

The kidnapper had made the open field. She stopped with Koneko limp over one shoulder, one hand braced around the catgirl's legs, the other already gathering magic. She was tall, sharp-built, and dark-haired, with enough of Koneko in her face to make the blood relations plain, and enough anger in her posture to make the difference plainer. It only got angrier when she caught sight of my cat.

Then the sky glittered.

A dome of crystalline magic snapped into place around the dirt yard, sealing the space from sky like a glass bowl trapping a spider against the floor. The barrier rang once, a clear bell like clinking wine glasses.

Sona's Peerage took their positions outside the dome. Their arms raised and their demonic power flaring in coordinated unison. The crystal shell pulsed again, thicker this time, looking even more solid behind the prism-like rainbow refractions. And Sona stood at the center of them, shoulder-length black hair still neat despite the chaos, violet eyes hard behind violet glasses.

The catgirl in the black kimono shifted Koneko higher on her shoulder, just as Neferpitou and I came walking up behind her.

My bronze shotgun leveled with her back.

"Well now," I said, walking up. "Looks like you took the scenic route right into a box canyon."

The catgirl turned around, facing me proper. But her golden eyes... just glossed over me, dismissed me, but stopped as it landed on Neferpitou beside me. Her pretty face paled. "You... You wear her face wrong." she whispered to my cat. Anger, bitterness, regret... The only thing that wasn't in her voice was sounding happy to see Pitou. "You little stolen thing. Even your chakra feels unnatural. An abomination like you shouldn't be using senjutsu, nya."

"Easy there..." I shifted the shotgun, the sun glinting off its polished amber-bronze. "What's your name?"

The catgirl's eyes finally flicked to me, and now there was hatred enough for everybody. "And you keep it beside you? Would you still do so if were able to feel what we feel?"

I didn't take the bait of answering her questions. I just kept the shotgun, my trigger finger and my voice all calm. For now.

"Who are you? And why're you after Rias' Rook Piece?"

"I'm Kuroka, and I'm Koneko's sister."

That quieted the field. And Koneko made a faint sound, a whimper.

The older catgirl's face cracked for half a heartbeat. Then her eyes went back to Neferpitou, and the softness died. "I'm only doing what I should have done years ago, nya," she said. "Rias, the Satans, everyone... you've all failed her. Brought that thing here to her."

My finger pressed every so slightly against the shotgun's trigger. "Lady, I don't know what the hell you're on about, but you've got nowhere to run. So, why don't you just set the catgirl down nice and easy?"

I wasn't stupid enough to think she'd listen.

Under my black suit jacket, [Muscular] prepared. Layers of muscle gripping upon itself, each layer doubling, even tripling my strength making it stronger than five devils... stronger than ten, than twenty, than fifty.

'Course it came at a cost, and I could feel it already. This much raw power drank up energy faster than a devil-horse riding through a desert. But... It didn't matter. [Nature's Child] let me draw energy from every plant connected to me, [Verdance] connected me to every plant in my sensory range... and [Byakugan] widened that same sensory range to everything in a mile-wide radius.

Near unlimited demonic power... all of it feeding into [Muscular] with all the energy it needed. Seeping into the fibers, permeating its cells, supercharging my strength and speed.

Bronze creaked as I squeezed.

Purple Fog bloomed under her feet. Thick as smoke, it rolled and swirled like it had a mind of its own. Puffing out in a widening flower or a snake made of a purple cloud.

I watched, but not passively. I watched it develop, and while I did, I was charging my spell totems and my shotgun with as much excess demonic power as [Intermediate Item Creation] was confident that it could sustain. This weapon that I made explicitly to bring a world of hurt to anything stronger than me... And I was tripling, quintupling its output. Geometrically and other fancy words like that. Enough to seriously harm someone High-class. Maybe even low Ultimate-class...

It's killing time.

And finally, in the purple fog behind Kronecia, two more silhouettes came walking out of the bruise-colored haze.

One had a hand raised around a rotating knot of purple fog, fingers curled like he was holding the invisible can that the purple fog was coming from. Red mage robes, round spectacles, and spiky brown hair.

The other was big. Broad through the shoulders, thick through the chest, swept-back gray hair, leather armor strained over muscle and old scars. He had the look of a man used to being the wall other folks hid behind.

"Georg," Kuroka said sharply to Red-Robes.

"Ah, Kuroka, it would seem you couldn't—"

I immediately shot the guy who didn't have a human shield or armour.

I didn't know who this Georg fella was, or what his deal was with the catgirl. But I knew he was a bit too friendly with the catnapper, and that he looked like he'd squeal in pain the most, and that was good enough for me.

Carian Phalanx-shot sang like a hundred knives being drawn from their sheathes. Spectral blue daggers came shooting through the air in the dozens, but... a thick wisp of Purple Fog was in the way. Didn't think much of it. Fog was fog, you just shoot through it. But... all the Carian daggers that cut into the purple haze simply vanished. Just went in one side and didn't come out the other, putting two and two together and I figured they were probably stolen out of the air and teleported somewhere else.

Fortunately for me, the fog was not wide enough to cover all of him.

Carian Daggers found meat.

Georg's left arm and left leg came apart in ribbons of red, robe cloth and flesh shredding together as he shouted and collapsed sideways, the rotating knot of purple fog sputtering in his hand.

"Geor—!" The big guy's eyes widened in shock, swivelling towards me just in time to see me pull the trigger with a big grin.

Rennala's Full Moon-shot was fired horizontally for the first time.

And on this bright sunny day, the moon shone bright.

I've seen the Rating Games where the 3rd Ranker, Bedeze Abaddon, launched powerful spells with all the demonic Power he had. Mine wasn't like his Fireballs that screamed their searing fury and hatred, or his Lightning Bolts that roared their judgment with a shock of thunder. No, that wasn't how the Raya Lucaria Academy made their spells. Rennala's Full Moon almost sang, the words being an epitaph from Queen Rennala herself: 'May the final moments of your mortality be graced with the Majesty of the Moon.'

The truck-sized moon hit him in the chest before he could lift his arms up to block it.

Silvery-blue light exploded, washing over him and sweeping him away in a cone of lunar ruin. Gouging a widening cone trench that reached all the way to the edge of the prismatic dome, rainbow colours rippling across the surface from the impact.

I walked forward, already reloading. Bronze shotgun cracked open, and spent spell totems misted as they clattered to the dirt.

"Georg! It's time to leave, nya!" Kuroka shouted, lowering her unconscious 'sister' down in the purple Fog. A magic circle snapping open in her hands, deep purple light spinning fast enough to blur.

But Neferpitou was already there. The shorter catgirl crossed the distance without so much a streak, all claws and blazing red eyes, and batted Kuroka's hand aside before the circle could finish turning. And for one sharp fraction of a second, the two of them were face to face. Cat to cat. A blur of claws and slitted eyes.

Just a few paces where they clawed at each other, the Georg fella was laying on the dirt, more purple fog poured out of his uninjured hand. He was looking a bit pale, maybe even half-dead, but nowhere near dead enough for my comfort.

Simple enough to fix.

My shotgun snapped closed, and Georg looked up from his grunting and bleeding just in time to find both barrels staring down at him.

"Get away from him!"

The shout hit a half-second before the man did.

The gray-haired bruiser came soaring back through the torn-open field, shirtless now, his leather armor blasted clean off his chest. Cuts striped his torso from waist to shoulder. He should have been dead, or at least, have the decency to stay down. But he crossed the distance on a chain of explosions bursting from beneath his boots. Each blast kicked him forward harder than the last, turning him into a flying brick.

I pulled both triggers in Georg's face anyway.

He was lying flat in the mess of his own blood, should've been the end of him. Except... with him down low like that, there was more Purple Fog between my barrels and his body than before. The cloud curled over him like a blanket. My shot vanished into it without a flash, and without a sound. Gone like they disappeared behind the curtains of a magician's stage show.

... I was starting to hate this fog.

Ammo wasted, the big man arrived with nothing stopping him.

I brought the spent shotgun up crosswise on instinct, catching his fist against the barrels instead of my face. The impact rang through my arms hard enough to bite bone.

Then his knuckles exploded.

A blast detonated from his fist on contact with the metal, sending my black suit jacket fluttering and bending my shotgun inward with a shriek of bronze. The barrels warped under the explosion until it looked like a crooked twig that someone had stepped on.

The gray-haired man just stood in front of me. Smoke curling off his fist and rising up past his nasty grin. "You held up against my punch? Few people have ever done that before. You're stronger than you look, you filthy devil, I'll give you that. But..." he looked down at the bent shotgun in my hands, "What are you going to do now without your toy?"

Ultimate-class strength and constitution. Yep, it couldn't be anything less than Ultimate-class.

That settled it.

We were dealing with real tough guys... But no one we couldn't kill.

"This can't get any better than this!" I laughed, tossing aside the ruined bronze shotgun. "That was my 'polite' toy. So, I reckon you earned yourself a ticket to see something bigger."

My magic circle—the eight-headed sigil of House Nebiros—spun beneath my boots. It wasn't easy putting something big in a Dimensional Pocket.

His grin fell, and his fist raised. "Like I'd let you!"

I watched it in slow motion. His muscled shadow loomed, his fist just rocketing towards me. I was prepared to take a punch or two to pull this off. Likely deprive myself of any 'Without a scratch' bonuses for this fight.

But then...

The big man blasted himself backward on instinct, explosions kicking from his feet... all to dodge the spear that came for him. The golden sunlight glinting off the spear's edge that had thrust almost close enough to kiss the skin over his jugular.

A woman in a blue china dress stood between us, her eyes cold, her green hair flowing past her shoulders, and both her hands gripping steady a long, red-tasselled spear humming with demonic power green-edged force. No battlecries, not a single wasted motion entering the fight, she just arrived to lend me a hand. Someone as powerful as him... She probably wouldn't have even nicked him. But she tried anyway.

Satan bless her.

"Bailiff!" the china girl shouted, stance steady as she kept her spear pointed at him, "Do what you must!"

One stolen second... that was all I needed.

"Viser!" I laughed as my magic circle spun faster to completion. "You're a sight for sore eyes!"


(Earlier) [Outskirts of Kuoh Town]

"My name is 衛策," she said. "Viser."

Her spear gleamed at us.

"Let whatever is left of me die with dignity. In honorable combat."

The rickety, half-rotting floorboards of the house creaked as I stepped forward and scratched my jaw, looking at the spear she brought to the shotgun fight. "I don't do honourable that well," I said. "But if you want to go down in your grave swinging, I can respect that."

"Don't," Sona's voice came just a scant moment before I could pull the trigger. Her violet eyes stayed on the girl, but the angle of her chin told me plain enough that the order was meant for me.

I looked down at her hand, then at the stray devil, then back at Sona. "Well, she asked nicely."

"Only because she does not know the last option."

"The last option?" Viser's face twisted, but she didn't move from her martial arts stance. Her spear still held steady like I'd been planted in bedrock, already resigned. "There is no way to remove the Evil Piece. You said it yourself."

"I did," Sona said calmly. "The Evil Piece cannot be removed, but the mental collapse can be halted."

"What?" The stray devil went very still.

"If another King accepts you into their peerage before the mutation fully consumes you, the Evil Piece will re-anchor. The damage will take some time to recover from, but you can remain yourself."

"That's it?!" The green-haired girl laughed harshly. "That's your grand counsel? That I should bow my head and put on another collar, like the obedient hounds your peerage became?"

The six girls standing behind Sona bristled at that, all narrow eyed and scowling. That surprised me some. I expected them to look worried or shocked. Some gotcha line how they've never thought of peerages like that before. But no, none of them looked surprised by that; in fact, they look downright insulted! Insulted that this stray devil would insinuate something about their King.

"Yes, that is precisely what I'm offering: A place in my peerage."

Now it was the stray devil who looked shocked, green brows furrowing, and mouth open as she struggled to find the words. Couldn't blame her: The offer came out of nowhere. Even I was surprised.

And before anyone else could speak up, Sona kept talking.

"I cannot give you your old peerage back, nor can I cleanse what was done to you." The Sitri heiress said, the damp light from the torn walls catching on her violet glasses, hiding her eyes for a moment. "I cannot even pretend the Evil Piece System is not without its costs. Because If you join me, you will owe obedience within its structure. However... you will also receive protection, instruction, shelter, and the right to remain a thinking person instead of becoming something that has to be hunted through the woods."

"Beautiful," The stray devil spat blood onto the molded floor as her eyes burned. "You cloak your chains in the language of order. You sound no different from my former master who once took me in beneath his banner! He too spoke of shelter and protection. Tell me: How do I know you're no better than that old monster?!"

"Because she's Sona Sitri."

Everyone turned to the tallest girl in the group, Sona's Queen Piece.

Tsubaki stepped up to stand beside her King. Her glare fierce through her teal glasses. "My clan called my power blasphemy to the Shinra Clan. They kept me apart from everyone because I was born wrong by their standards. Sona-kaichou knew exactly what I was, and knew that recruiting me would scorn the Shinra Clan. But she took me in regardless, and gave me all the opportunity to become the best version of myself. Sona-kaichou is the kindest person I've ever known, and I will not hesitate to defend her honour if you insult her again."

The china girl's eyes narrowed, her spear kept level to Sona's face. But she did not interrupt.

Momo swallowed and stepped in before the silence could harden. "My family are normal humans. They've served Sona-kaichou's House for generations. When I said I wanted to join her peerage, most people treated it like a joke." Her fingers tightened around the fading barrier circle at her wrist. "Sona didn't. She was the only one who believed in me, and I work hard everyday to prove that I'm worthy of the chance she gave me."

Tomoe thumbed the pommel of her katana, deep in thought. "My family are exorcists too. An evil spirit cursed our bloodline, and I was born carrying it. Joining Sona-kaichou's peerage saved my life." Her lips pressed together. "My family... they exiled me for accepting that cure and scorned Sona for even offering. But she did not hate them, and she cared only to ensure I had somewhere to stand afterward."

Reya gave a small shrug, though her voice was steadier than her face. "My grandmother was a witch. I barely inherited enough magic to light a candle. Joining a peerage was the only way I could reach the world she belonged to. Sona-kaichou could have chosen someone stronger, anyone else would have been. But she thought that my determination was something special, and I've been trying to prove her right ever since."

Ruruko shuffled up, rubbing her elbow. "I... I wasn't anyone special like everyone else here. I only managed to piece out that Sona and everyone else in the student council were devils and confronted them about it. Sona-kaichou let me join because I had proven smart enough to figure it out when no one else had. She told me that my intellect was something to be nurtured."

Tsubasa put a bandaged hand on her hip. "I could sense monsters and evil spirits, so I thought that meant I was the one who was supposed to deal with them. Sona-kaichou actually offered for me to join, I kept telling her, until one night when I bit off more than I could chew. I actually almost died then, but Sona-kaichou always said she'd had my back. And I'm glad that was true that night."

"I also called you suicidal," Sona said, and the blue-haired tomboy smiled.

"Every day till I joined, kaichou."

Despite herself, the stray devil stayed quiet, her lips tightening. It was a small crack, wasn't much I reckon. But it looked like the first sign that she understood these girls didn't have chains rattling between their ankles. Nothing too generous, but the room had brightened a bit, shifting half an inch away from execution, and everyone's noticed. Especially her. Her grip on the spear had changed too. Still ready and dangerous, but it wasn't the white-knuckle grip of someone committed to dying in the next ten seconds.

"And you?"

It took me a second to realize she meant me.

"Me?" I pointed at myself. "I'm not part of her peerage."

"You are not one of hers? Even better," Her eyes held on mine, sharp and hostile and tired of being handled gently. "And you do not sound like you believe in any of this. What do you think?"

Sona glanced at me then, and the look in her violet eyes said several things at once, most of them threats dressed politely. Behind her, the peerage watched me with varying degrees of dread. Fair. I hadn't exactly given the impression that I'm good with improving delicate situations like these.

With a sigh, I took off my cowboy hat to run a hand through my hair, shotgun on the crook of my arm. "I think... I preferred how my night was going before everyone started talking about their feelings."

The stray devil's mouth twitched despite herself.

"Mal..." Sona warned.

"She asked me what I think, so I'll tell her. And what I think ..." I looked back at the stray devil. "... is that I'm not moved by the tragic backstory. No offense. Well, some offense. Everyone in this room either has one already or is young enough to earn one later. Yours is uglier than most, sure, but that doesn't change the next thirty seconds."

The stray devil's eyes narrowed.

"You can die proud, or you can take the hand being offered and see if there's still something left worth doing after tonight," I said with a shake of my head. "I can't tell you what that something is. Don't know if you even have one. But if you do, I'll bet horsefeathers it'll take a whole lot more guts taking a chance with Sona's peerage to see it done than choosing the quick exit with me."

The stray devil's spear dipped by a fraction. "... There is something that still needs to be done."

No one spoke after that.

The stray devil looked at Sona again. Really looked this time. Not at the glasses, or the uniform, or the title sitting invisible on her shoulders, but at the girl underneath all that structure. Sona stood amid rot, blood, and moon-cut wreckage with her hands empty at her sides. She did not reach out. She did not smile. She did not try to make the choice beautiful.

"I will enter your peerage." The stray devil raised her gaze at last. "But this one has a condition."

"Name it." Sona didn't hesitate.

The china girl's grip tightened around the red-tasselled spear in her hands. "When the time comes to announce their deaths to their families, I do not want polite letters filled with righteous drivel, calling them beasts and unfortunate losses." Her voice lowered, and a flicker of hurt crossed her face, quickly swallowed back behind her gritted teeth. "I want their names to be spoken properly, and their families to know the truth: They did not die as craven beasts, they died struggling to return home to the people waiting for them."

For the first time since the conversation began, Sona's expression changed. Just a bit softening around the eyes.

"Yes. Of course, I'll help you."

The stray devil breathed in slowly. Her shoulders rose, then... she sank to one knee. The wood creaked under her as she bowed, spear planted on the wood and pointing straight up. Slowly, she bowed her head. It wasn't much of a dignified place here in this rotting, broken down house in the woods, but she did make it look solemn.

"Then I pledge my spear to you, Sona Sitri."

From Sona's hand, a glowing Knight Piece rose, floating in the air between them and burning with red pulses of demonic power. Red lit up the Sitri heiress' face, reflecting off her violet glasses as she stared down at the spear-wielding stray devil.

"By oath to House Sitri, and by witness of House Nebiros... I, Sona Sitri, hereby order you: Heed me, Viser. Be severed from the ruin of your former Pact, and let no corruption claim what still remains of you. I accept your spear beneath my command. And I command thee..."

The Knight Piece shot like a spell, and struck her. And Viser's teeth clenched. The red light shining over her entire body, enveloping even her spear.

"Become my Knight."


(Present Time) [Kuoh Academy]

I tipped my black cowboy hat at the china girl.

"Much obliged, Viser," I said. "But he'll take it from here."

Her silver eyes stayed on the big man, spear still leveled, voice flat as she parroted. "He?"

I stepped back from the summoning circle beneath my boots, and let it answer for me. Silver light tore through the dirt, and the air grew thick with demonic power.

The big man looked down at the magic circle that had stopped spinning.

A bronze hand came up out of the circle and seized the dirt ground. Not really a hand, more of an... oversized armoured gauntlet. Fists made of solid, magically reinforced bronze, big enough to make kittens out of horses. Another hand followed, then... A head emerged, shaped like a bronze pipe that had grown itself a dour, frowning face. Golden eyes igniting, bright and utterly humorless.

The big man took one step back...

... And Ichabod the Imperfect kept rising.

A bronze chest as broad as a car emerged from the circle. Barrier spells crawled across it in interlocking protective stacks fifteen-layers deep, each one tied to magically-reinforced bronze imbued with an obscene amount of demonic power only possible for someone who had an unlimited amount of it. Packed so dense that it was almost more demonic power than it was bronze. The prismatic dome outside rippled again, straining from the pressure of his arrival.

At this point, Ichabod the Imperfect could finally step out of the circle.

Twelve feet of reinforced bronze dragging itself into the world. Like a resurrected corpse climbing out of its grave to personally deal with something irritating who had interrupted his sleep.

His fists clenched and spectral blades snapped out from each enormous forearm, the unnaturally sharp blades glittering with motes of cold moonlight, and gleaming like it'd been made of pure stars. The Greatblade Phalanx flared to life. Spectral blue greatswords, taller than most men, formed a floating halo of swords around its head, ready to launch themselves at one who dares stay out of reach.

The whole field froze.

All of Sona's peerage stared, some whimpered.

Ichabod the Imperfect stood to his full height, golden eyes fixed on the 'big' man who'd been swallowed whole by its shadow.

Under the brim of my black cowboy hat, I smiled wide enough to hurt.


"You done screwed up now, boy."

​





- Big Bronze and Cat Complications End -​


Cats x Chimera-Ant
In which... The fight goes from Bad to Yee-haw! Real Cat-to-Cat communication occurs. And the Kuoh Academy Student Council collectively has a really bad day.
Coming soon to public release!
​

AN:

He hasn't even used [Verdance] offensively... we're still catching up to the rolls 3-4 chapters ago. We need more fights, and I promise you, we are. And it's just gonna get more fun from here.

A balance has been found in... trying to balance DxD to the other power systems entering due to Chaos Gacha.

In canon DxD, everyone's stats scale... to their magic/demonic power/etc. Everyone were all damage sponges where the only build was to build raw DPS. Every punch needed to be nuke-strength to even scratch someone... which really screws with writing a multi-power-system fic. It's already a massive problem if the local physics/power system fluctuates from scene to scene, how much more when I'm trying to mesh it with precise HxH Nen, the semi-grounded physical interactions of MHA quirks, and etc?

In this fic, the stat scaling is less: Everyone has smallish HP pools, but high armour/magic-resist/damage mitigation. Doing damage relies more on proper concentration of magic/demonic power/etc to punch through everyone's natural resistances. AKA more like HunterxHunter's Ryu.

With this, physics and power levels are better preserved and better demonstrated.

About this fic's 'Stray Devil Mutation', it's the... compassionate non-canon option. "Team DxD, if we don't capture these stray devils, they'll mutate uncontrollably, lose their sanity and become a dangerous threat to everyone around them. For the safety of themselves and innocent people, we must either return or eliminate them."

Otherwise... we get canon DxD.

"Team DxD, your mission is to round up all of 'em runaway pretend-devils. Being a stray devil is illegal under Satans' Laws, and their masters say they've done and gone stray. And that's good enough for us! Now, you can try sweet-talkin' them pretend-devils into turnin' themselves in, if you are so inclined. But we do not, I say, we do not care one whit if they claim their masters dips 'em in mayonnaise and makes 'em squeal like a devil-piglet every other night. Them pretend-devils are goin' straight back to the Underworld! Dead or alive, I say! Dead. Or. Alive!"

Ishibumi really, really tried to just drop those lore bits in Vol 1 and Vol 14, and act like it was nothing. Lmao. In this fic, it's going to be a bit of both for variety.



FEATS:

Self-Defense, Your Honor
Kill someone for the first time (regardless of whether you consider them real people)
+1 Silver Gacha Ticket

Dialogue Tree Winner
Successfully perform the 'Talk no Jutsu' trope to recruit an enemy to your side
+1 Silver Gacha Ticket

Trafficker of Friendship
Help Sona recruit someone into her peerage.
+1 Silver Gacha Ticket

ROLLS:

[Cuddle Emperor] |Rare Trait| (Silver Ticket)
Your existence is one that "Cuddles Greatly." Your hugs and snuggles are incredible, being able to comfort even broken souls. Being cuddled by your cuddles feel like being wrapped by the softest, warmest blanket, and they are even therapeutic, helping stabilise the mental state and comfort whoever you are targeting.

[Edna Mode] |Rare Skill| (Silver Ticket)
Incredibles - You are not a simple fashionista baby, you are THE fashionista. You are a master of designing clothes and costumes; if someone needs a costume, they come to YOU. Your skill in creating costumes can be compared to a Tinker even because you are just THAT good.

[Rain] |Uncommon Ability| (Silver Ticket)
Allows you to make it rain from the skies, the more energy you expend the larger the scale of the rain. Slightly boosts water-based abilities and slightly weakens fire-based ones.
Last edited: Jul 6, 2026
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, themisticShroud, Dacraun and 2,018 others
Infonticus
Jul 6, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch 9 - Cat x Chimera
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Yesterday at 00:40
Add bookmark
#4,730
Chapter 9: Cat x Chimera

In which... The fight goes from Bad to Yee-haw! Real Cat-to-Cat communication occurs. And the Kuoh Academy Student Council collectively has a really bad day. In hell.


[Kuoh Academy]

Ichabod the Imperfect stepped out of the magic circle to a quiet Kuoh Academy.

Like watching the biggest gun of the fight climb out of its holster by itself, every soul on this ruined baseball field knew better than to move an inch... at least, not before they knew who I was gonna aim it at.

So, they stared.

A dozen pairs of eyes stared buggy-wide at the twelve-foot bronze construct, at the blue stars glittering around the Carian Slicers jutting from Ichabod's wrists... and at the shining blue halo of Greatsword Phalanx floating above his dour bronze pipe-head. Nobody moved as a passing breeze dragged dust around our boots and over the solid bronze pretzel of my shotgun, the same gun they'd been so damn proud of ruining just a few moments ago. Well, Ichabod had their attention now, and they looked mighty surprised to see him despite him being famous on the Devilnet.

I'd wager they hadn't expected the upgrades.

Folks who've seen me pull a devil-rabbit out my hat tend to get real proud about knowing how the trick works, right up until I pull out a hungry devil-coyote to eat their faces. And ain't it just nice to have overconfident enemies make carefully laid plans out of outdated news?

I gave the field one slow look, meeting their stiff eyes. It went past Georg the red-robed fog-slinger, past Kuroka the cat-woman trying to drag Koneko the cat-girl out of here, and settled my eyes on the big gray-haired bastard who'd ruined my perfectly good shotgun. The long shreds of his shirt and armour still flapping in the breeze, and whole torso still covered in angry red cuts from my Rennala's Full Moon-shot.

The cocky son of a gun still had a vicious smile. So, I matched it with one of mine as I said...


"Ichabod, Kill this guy."
​

That was all the warning he got. His eyes barely even had time to go wide before blue light burned across his face. Six spectral greatblades tore free from Ichabod's halo and speared through the air and straight at his throat.

The poor bastard tried to dodge.

An orange explosion bloomed under his boots and hurled him sideways, but he was too much man trying to outrun too much blade. All six greatblades caught him in the chest and burst against him in a high tinkling storm of starlight. They didn't skewer through. Against anybody half his strength, they would have pinned him to the dust on six separate pieces, but... they did knock him off balance.

That had been his only chance.

Ichabod was immediately on him like a falling bronze meteor.

Several tons of amber-gold bronze crossed the baseball diamond in one screaming flash of metal. Scalding steam wailed from the vents along his back and shoulders, flaring behind him like angel wings. Most folks see a 'twelve-foot bronze giant' and picture it making big, heavy and slow strides towards them. Plenty of time to make boasts and brandish their blades.

Not mine, I made my metal giant to be as fast as murder.

A bright blue arc split the air as Ichabod's spectral wristblade swept for his throat.

Unarmed, the poor bastard could only block it with his bare arm, and the Ichabod's Carian Slicer carved across them. Blood snapped into the air in a red line. That swipe would've shorn a middle-class devil clean in half.

He only bled to the bone.

Ultimate-class sons of guns were tough, and that was fine by me. Didn't matter none if it took one stroke or a hundred. Dead was dead, and I built myself a patient butcher. And unlike with Rias or Sona, Ichabod's anti-killsteal protocols were disabled. This guy wasn't somebody I was obliged to leave breathing. So, it was only a matter of time before Ichabod's giant hands were twisting his head off like a bottlecap.

Credit where it was due, though. The poor bastard didn't waste the pain.

Even with his arm cut to the bone, he was still smiling as his other fist came down on the forearm of the giant twice his size, aiming to break the wristblade at the root. And before Ichabod's other wristblade could reach him, his knuckles struck bronze, and explosion magic went off like a cannon. Steam and Purple Fog were blasted back in a burst, and... He went flying from his own attack, in a smoking arc that went from the home plate and almost all the way to the outfield. He hit the dirt in a crouch, a vicious smile still carved across his face.

An attack like that... it would have wrecked the old Ichabod.

The one that fought Rias and Sona would have lost the whole arm, a hefty chunk of his torso too, and probably half the spellwork holding him upright.

This Ichabod the Imperfect walked out of the smoke unharmed. His golden eyes burned, and his dour bronze pipe-head frowned like an unimpressed executioner who was just spat at by his 'guest.' Three of the barrier lattices woven on his bronze hide cracked apart and shattered into burning silver fragments.

The other twelve held just fine.

A breath later, the broken three were already knitting themselves back into place. Veins of wood underneath that foot-thick bronze shell pulsed with demonic power, thrumming with all the energy I was pouring into with [Verdance]. Because as long as I stayed in Kuoh's wooded region, and as long as he stayed within my sensory range... Ichabod had unlimited energy.

Seeing all this, the bleeding, grey-haired guy's grin finally evaporated. But mine only widened.

"Ichabod's really something, ain't he?" I chuckled, raising one fist.

Immediately, the twelve-foot-tall bronze giant stopped with his Carian Slicers poised and the shining blue halo of a Greatblade Phalanx reforming around his head... Just one lowered fist away from carving Heracles out of the dirt.

"Before he pulls you apart, set the record straight for me." I looked down at the bleeding gray-haired bastard. "You're Ultimate-class, aren't you?"

"Ultimate-class?!"

Blood ran down his arm and dripped from his fingers, but his voice hit the field like another explosion.

"I AM HERACLES!" He roared, ice-blue eyes wide above a mean snarl. He beat his bleeding chest with his fist. "Inheritor of the name, the soul, and the twelve labors! Before my feet, the gods of Greece laid twelve impossible tasks, and I forged twelve triumphs from every one of them! And now, I bear the Sacred Gear of Variant Detonation. You think the divisions that the Three Factions invented amount to anything now?! Ultimate-class is an insult to what I am!"

Finally, I got a name: Heracles.

"Mighty fine name," my black cowboy hat nodded with me, keeping my smile in the shade. "Hope I can spell it right for your tombstone. But I'm guessing you are one. Ultimate-class, that is. Sure, might be leaning on the lower side of, but still inside that ball park."

"Bold words for someone who needs a construct to fight for him!"

"Don't make a lick of difference to me." I scoffed.

That was the honest truth. Even if Ichabod—made of my craft and my magic—killed him, then it's just as good as if I punched him dead with my own two hands. A bullet didn't stop being mine just because it flew ahead of me.

And Ichabod the Imperfect? He was one bullet that I designed specifically to kill people with fancy 'Ultimate-class Being' titles like him.

So, it was just a question of how many of 'em do I have to kill to prove that I am one myself. 'Cause that's how it works, don't it? I take enough 'Ultimate class' crowns from enough cooling corpses, and I get one myself. Because I hadn't run away from home just to plant my boots at Mid-class or High-class just to call it a day and turn back around. No sir, I wanted to know how far this trail went.

And as far as trails go, Ultimate-class was one of the bigger landmarks that I gotta pass.

"Then fight me!" the bleeding Heracles shouted to me, his ice-blue eyes flicking to Ichabod for a moment. "If it doesn't matter to you, then fight me. Show me the strength granted to you by whatever craven cause you fight for, devil! That is, if you even have one!"

"I do." was my immediate answer. "Something that I couldn't stop thinking about actually."

Ultimate-class wasn't all on its own, but there was a moment from a few nights ago, in the warmth of my campfire, that was. A promise... held inside a mental image that I couldn't, nor did not want, to shake off.

It was the mental image of a flushed Satan Leviathan. A long leg raised over a bronze bench. Dark twin-tails, one draped across her like a curtain, trailing down between her soft bust. Her pink skirt flipped up, and a too-thin layer of pure white cotton that I could see through.

'Promise me that you'll reach Ultimate-class Devil before you think about asking me again.'

That's what Serafall had said, leaning back on her seat, legs spread and practically naked— practically offering herself up to me... What kind of devil would I be if I wasn't motivated by the idea of being the one to claim the Magical Girl Satan's hymen?! One of the most beautiful and most powerful beings in all the Earth, the Underworld, the Heavens and every other plane of existence?!

Wasn't sure if it gave me strength, but it did light a fire in me!

"Then fight me, coward!" He spat the challenge on the dirt between us.

"No..." I said, grinning. "I don't think I will."

For one clean second, Heracles did not know what to do with that. His face twisted, not with fear and not even with anger. Just the confused look of a ningen who didn't understand how one of Satan's own thought. He had called me a coward and expected my pride to rear up and drag me into punching range.

"You poor bastard," I laughed in his face a little. Just a little chuckle as I reached into my suit for some spell totems. "What kind of devil would I be... if I fought fair and square?"

His jaw clenched hard enough I heard teeth grind over the hiss of Ichabod's steam vents. The big man's wounded arm hung loose at his side, blood running from wrist to fingertip, but the rest of him stayed coiled, staring at Ichabod. Truly, this here was someone worthy of the title of Ultimate-class. Exactly what I needed him to be.

"Then you think this tin man is enough to beat me?!"

"Yep, Ichabod'll do you just fine, I reckon," I said, my grin spreading slow beneath the brim of my hat. "I built him special for killing folks with long, fancy titles like you. See, you Ultimate-class peacocks all got the same sickness for big widespread spells: Sky-burning spells, explosions, reality-bending nonsense with clauses like they were invented by a lawyer: 'I am immune to damage from anyone whose names are longer than five letters, but only if they've seen me drink an entire jar of mayonnaise on a Tuesday night.' and such. But hardly none of y'all ever plan for a plain, ugly problem..."

Ichabod's Carian Slicer wrist-blades thrummed with anticipation and bad intentions.

My smile sharpened too. "Problems like a fast and tough construct with blades sharp enough to cut through Ultimate-class resistances."

Heracles' eyes narrowed, especially when my hand pulled out of my suit.

A trio of bronze spell totems, carved with the sigil of Raya Lucaria Academy, sat between my fingers... right before I tossed them up in the air, all lazy-like. They tumbled, end over end, above the baseball field... and stopped, floating in the air as if gravity couldn't reach them anymore. Blue flashed once across their carved sigils, and the magic activated. Like a matchhead catching fire, each spell totem transformed into a blue orb, swirling and glittering with magicks. The air filling with that thin, glassy hum that most Carian Sorceries made.

Magic Downpour.

A rain of glittering sapphires opened overhead. Hundreds of glittering blue magic shards came raining down on him.

"I'll be cheering for you. Don't let me down now!"

Every blue shard and every point of light turned its face toward Heracles. Fixed at him, locked onto him, hated everything in his general direction. The tall, muscled and injured man could only look on. And with his eyes glued to the sky like that, so he didn't see it: He didn't see the moment when...

... I finally lowered my fist.

And beneath that falling blue sky of magic shards, Ichabod the Imperfect charged.



Her King had been gracious enough to tell her about it: Of her old king's final battle.

It took place in another time, in another world... And as unimaginable as it sounded, the fight had been relatively even.

The 'perfect being' that was a Chimera-Ant King who fought against a wizened leader of all the Hunters. The old ningen who summoned a hundred-armed Bodhisattva. One hundred metal hands, each one larger than a fully grown man and each one striking several times faster than the speed of sound underneath the Bodhisattva's serene face. Her old king had an exoskeleton strong enough to withstand ten-thousand blows with barely an ache. But, unable to defeat his opponent in pure speed, he had instead used the lessons of the board game Gungi to eventually find an opening that led him to dismembering the old ningen, limb from limb... only for the ningen to claim a draw by detonating a 'nuclear bomb' implanted in his chest.

Such was this bomb's power that it had slain her old king, along with her fellow Royal Guards.

And here, in a whole different world so strange, the scenario repeats.

"Your chakra might be unnatural... but it's too thin, nya," This 'Kuroka' insulted her. Black hair that flowed loosely past bare shoulders, and her yellow-sashed black 'kimono.' Both fluttering as Pitou's claws glided right across her cheek, "You're too weak to fight me. Give up, nya."

Neferpitou hissed under her breath out of frustration.

In the span of this battle alone, Pitou had landed 29 strikes, and each one of those would have killed the strongest Hunters of her world! But here in this world of 'DxD,' 'demonic power' cloaked, infused and pulsed within the soft skin of her opponent. Her claws—fearsome weapons that could break stone and the sound barrier, could shred and dismember even the strongest ningen—merely slid off this dense cloak of 'demonic power.' Barely even scraping the actual skin of her opponent. The damage mostly just tears on the other catgirl's kimono.

It infuriated her to no end.

This Kuroka was far slower than her, far less skilled than her... could manage to make a fool of her as she fought on the same battlefield as her King! All because her skin was 'thick' like that of the Satan Leviathan.

Disgraceful.

A lesser beast would have continued with this dumb, futile effort, would have continued scratching at stone until its claws split. But Pitou was not one of those lesser creatures. She was humiliated and offended, yes, and also very eager to cut open Kuroka's skull and feast on her living brains until the insulting mouth stopped forming words.

However... She was a Royal Guard Chimera-Ant, Her King's Royal Guard Chimera-Ant familiar, and he did not reward useless stubbornness.

No, only victory and obedience were rewarded with cuddles and headpats. And thus... if slaying her enemy was beyond her capabilities, then pursuing the greater objective would be better.

Neferpitou paused in her attacks, ears twitched atop her head as she mentally prepared contingency plans.

"What's wrong, nya?" Kuroka asked, breath rough but smiling sharp as she circled Pitou, yellow sash swaying at her waist. "Tired already?"

Pitou lowered her heels to the ground. Her white tail steadied behind her blue coat... And Kuroka's golden eyes narrowed as she recognised the universal (or was it multiversal now?) body language of another catgirl about to pounce. Feline instinct made her go on the defensive.

That single, momentary distraction was enough.

Pitou sprang, but not toward Kuroka who had braced for a defense... but to the side, to the smaller nekomata that lay unconscious on the dusty earth. She crossed the distance with the snap of a broken sound barrier, the soft ground compacting under foot.

Kuroka twisted too slow, one hand slashing out with a crescent blue bolt of dense magic.

It clipped only the tips of her afterimage's pale hair.

By then, Pitou had landed beside Koneko on all fours, and the unconscious girl stirred slightly at her proximity, her heartbeat fluttering too fast in Pitou's ear, like prey that quavered at a predator's approach.

Carefully—irritatingly carefully—she hooked one arm beneath Koneko's knees and the other behind her shoulders. Her gentleness was not because she cared, but because a damaged objective would displease her King. And this weak, broken thing was fragile indeed.

"Put. Her. Down."

The air abruptly went cold, and Pitou turned her head.

Kuroka's pupils narrowed into bright vertical slits amongst gold. The loose fall of her black hair rose, strand by strand, as if water had claimed it. The yellow sash at her waist snapped taut without wind. Magic thickened over her skin until Pitou could hear it hum. But they both knew the truth of the matter: Objective secured, and now her enemy was reluctant to even try to strike her.

"Now."

Pitou's lips curled higher. She liked that. She shifted Koneko higher against her chest, and the unconscious girl made a small sound.

Kuroka heard it, and her snarl grew. "Give her back!"

Pitou did not.

Seeing that, Kuroka raised one arm... A single pale hand extending from the billowing, black sleeve of her kimono, like a hand reaching out from pure darkness. And from her fingertips, black-purple fire ignited into being, with which the dark-haired nekomata used to trace symbols in thin air.

Every instinct in Pitou's spine screamed.

Not because the attack would be fast, she was rather certain that it wouldn't be. Kuroka had always been slow. But the abilities... This new world of DxD was simply unpredictable, and her current position was isolated, like a chess piece that found itself cornered on the wrong side of the board. A strategically fragile position indeed. A single attack from an unexpected vector could collapse the position and put her king under check.

Unacceptable.

"Kuroka, don't use it here!" A voice interrupted.

It was the 'Georg' ningen, Pitou recognised immediately.

His bespectacled face appeared in the Purple Fog that collected in dense clumps all across the dirt field. Blood was smeared on his nose and on his spectacles as he lay there, half-buried in the fog as if he'd made it his hospital bed. Clearly, he had been watching—or even feeling—with the fog that he generated. The same fog that touched too much of everything within the dome, that was thickening with every second that ticked by.

Pitou tensed, because she knew several Chimera-ants that had similar Nen abilities; it was concerning to see deployed against her. Especially when she didn't know the exact mechanics and capabilities of it.

Kuroka's head turned a fraction, her hands still tracing symbols. "Don't interfere, Georg!"

"Heracles, suppressed... Kuroka, emotionally compromised..." Georg's voice began enumerating, pushing up his glasses with a bloodied finger and smearing more blood on his nose and glasses. "Medical situation, increasingly dire... Situation, tactically untenable."

Pitou's lips twitched again. Immense pride warming her chest for half a heartbeat. She would have liked to glance to the other side of the battlefield, but she dared not take her eyes away from her opponents. Not that she needed to look to know that her King was winning against this 'Heracles' ningen.

Because of course he would.

"He won't like this." Georg sighed in a reluctant voice. "But you all have left me with no choice."

Then, before Pitou could even account for contingencies, everything went immensely and horribly wrong.

The Purple Fog exploded. Purple filled the ground like it hadn't before, completely covering it until she couldn't tell one step from the next. It poured out of the very dirt itself as if it had been buried underground, unfolding from right under Pitou's own feet. And even as it claimed the ground, so did it with the air, it rose violently, belching like the thick smoke from a bonfire, blocking line of sight with the buildings.


"What's happening?!" "It's through the barrier!" "Sona-kaichou, what do we do?!"
​

Shouts of panic and confusion began chorusing through. Voices that Pitou recognised as Princess Sitri and her peerage. The Purple Fog had broken containment! But amongst the voices, one made Neferpitou's heart race.


"What in tarnation—"
​

Her King! She needed to be by his side!

Pitou glanced around, trying to distinguish one rising plume of Purple Fog from the other plumes. But the purple... it swallowed everything: Light, sound, scent, and even her sense of balance somehow. Koneko's limp weight pulled against her arms. Pitou clutched her tighter, fiercely now, curling herself around the unconscious girl with her back arched and her teeth bared against the impossible task.

There!

Blue sky between the fog's closing fingers! Her legs launched her straight through on pure instinct, shooting through the air and threading the tiny gap which continued to shrink around her. Worse yet, the escape tunnel began to curve and wind. With nothing to kick off of and adjust her trajectory, that would have been the end.

But she was not out of options just yet.

With half a thought, she activated the glittering [Movement Ring] dangling on a bronze chain from her neck and mentally grasped the proffered power of flight. And just like that, Neferpitou flew. Gravity merely tugged at her, politely reminding which way was up and which way was down, but nothing more. Pitou pulled herself through the air on strings of thought, tugging her body this way and that way through the rapidly closing tunnel of fog, her speed in the air matching her land speed... that is to say: With a crack of shattered air.

The Purple Fog's closing grasp, like all others, was too slow to catch her.

In the time it took to blink, she was out, landing on one of Kuoh Academy's chimney stacks with her sleeping prize of a Koneko still in her arms.

From her vantage point, the battlefield below had become a single mass of opaque purple fog. The prismatic shield spell was nowhere to be found, and the Fog had become swollen and churning like a pile of discarded organs. It latched on the surrounding structures like a tumorous mass, the whole side of the buildings seeming to be consumed into that devouring violet murk.

And somewhere within that fog... was her King.

Her En flared and she peered inside, and her tail flicked from the nonsensical sensations she sensed. It was— Then the Fog began to dissipate, and

Neferpitou smiled overjoyed. "My King!"

Her voice rang across the field of thinning fog, but... no answer came back.

"My King...?"

The Purple Fog receded completely, but.... There was no victorious King responsible for its dissipation, rather a stark absence.

The dirt field was gone.

In its place yawned a crater, its dust rising from its crumbling edges that were carved through earth and stone alike. The academy structures fared no better. Entire sides were gone, exposing their mundane innards from ground floor to roof. Tables and chairs and shelves, cut clean down in half, fell tumbling out the missing walls and into the ravenous crater. It was as if the Fog had opened its mouth and bitten half of the structures clean away. And along with the buildings, everyone inside the fog was gone.

Her King was gone.

No... she couldn't have failed. Not again. Two Kings she had served, and with both, she had been separated when her King was in battle, when he needed his Royal Guard, when she needed her!

No, she can still... she can still fulfill her duty.

Her King was still alive, she was not a failure of a Royal Guard yet again. The Purple Fog was some kind of instantaneous transport ability. She sensed it herself! Her En had reached in expecting to push past the fog's curtain of interference but instead... slipped inside it like a hole in the wall of space, emerging out the other side.

But where was this 'other side'? Where had Her King been transported to?

She required that very valuable information.

In the past, it had been a simple task to acquire it: Find ningens who may possess such knowledge, cut open their skulls and use needles to directly stimulate their brains until they relinquished all they knew. Afterwards, they could then be freely butchered for their meat.

However, not only was she short on those, but her King also required more finesse from her. So, if she could not tear answers from random passersby, then she would need something almost as distasteful.

Allies from other nests.

Faces flicked past in her mind— some with frightened expressions, most unaware that she was even looking at them. All of them were ningens and devils who she'd seen or met in her brief travels with her King. But of all the faces, one stood out. Dark hair, violet eyes, smiles, pink, sparkles.

Her King's potential queen, the Satan Serafall.

She needed to find her. Of all the beings she had seen in this world, Satan Serafall possessed the most social power and loyalty to her king. Moreover... Their goals aligned: Her sister, the Princess Sitri, was also missing by the same displacement ability. She was a good option, one that her King would certainly approve of, provided she did not maim anyone before explaining herself.

There was only one immediate defect.

Both the Satan Serafall and the means of contacting her? Also unknown.

It was unacceptable, but not unexpected. Her King preferred to speak and act for himself; and she was only there to support him. To lie in wait, to flank the enemy, to stay in the background. And it had been the most... fun she'd had. But today, they were paying for their feeling of comfort now that she was forced to speak and act for them.

She needed some way to acquire infor—

Neferpitou flicked her ears as she felt as the girl in her arms slowly showed signs of regaining consciousness.

First came the shiver in the girl's fingers, a weak little tremor against Neferpitou's arm. Then came the change in her breathing, coming faster than the half-rest that she had been in. Her eyelids fluttered beneath pale lashes, her face tightening with confusion.

Finally, Koneko's golden eyes fluttered open, and Neferpitou's red was there to look down into them.

For one suspended instant, the still-dazed nekomata clearly did not understand what she was seeing. Cheek against her shoulder and looking up to red eyes close to her. She shifted slightly, feeling the arms holding her. And only then...

... did gold eyes flew wide open as Koneko's entire body went completely rigid.

"Don't scream. We are allies in this." Neferpitou informed her, but still tightened her grip by the smallest practical amount, only enough to prevent the predictable flailing that would waste time. She could tell that Koneko would have by how her pulse had jumped wildly. And how her pupils shrank to frightened points.

Koneko's mouth opened, but the sound that came out was strangled before it became words.

Neferpitou's ears flicked at the small broken noise. "My King had expended every effort to save you from your sister and her allies escaping with you." She said to the other girl, "And we were almost taken as well. We are allies in this."

Koneko stared at her. A faint tremble passed through her, and for a moment Neferpitou wondered if the girl had suffered some internal damage during Georg's Purple Fog displacement. But finally, she was able to speak.

"C-can you please put me down first? I promise that I.. I won't run away."

Neferpitou obliged her, setting the shorter, white-haired girl down on her feet. Brown leather shoes tapping on the rooftop's cracked stone. Idly, she noticed signs of her about to attempt escape despite giving her word... but then Kokeno properly saw the devastation by the Purple Fog: The buildings sheared in half, the massive crater that lay in the center, and the scattered school debris that had tumbled down to the crater's bottom.

"What..." Koneko said speechless, staring at the crater. "W-what happened here? Was this all Kuroka-nee?"

"No, we had cornered her, but her allies arrived to join the battle," Neferpitou explained. "We were unable to stop your sister's ally, Georg, from casting a wide-area magic that caused this. I believe it had displaced them beyond immediate reach. My King included. Which is why... You will aid me in finding him."

Koneko gulped, and while trembling, she asked.

"W-Why should I help you?"

Neferpitou's ears angled forward. The question was just as pointless as the answer was obvious: Her King was gone. All efforts must be made to locate him. The Satan Serafall had to be contacted for her resources and expertise, and currently, Koneko possessed probable routes to people who possessed routes to the Satan.

Therefore, she will assist.

But Neferpitou also understood that Koneko cannot be coerced. Which was convenient as her King was not the only one whisked away.

"Princess Sitri," she began, "her entire peerage, and also your fellow peerage members in Himejima and Yuuto... all of them were also displaced. Presumably to the same location as my King."

"Sona-san, Akeno and Yuuto were taken too?" Koneko repeated with a look of horror. She looked back toward the ruins. "E-even Nebiros-san? All of them gone... just to keep Kuroka-nee from taking me?"

"Yes."

Despite Koneko facing away from her, she could still smell the salt of forming tears. Koneko looked so small, standing at the roof's edge, looking over the destroyed school. The blue sky bearing down on her small shoulders. "Everyone... I'm sorry," she whispered, almost like a prayer. "It's all my fault again..."

Neferpitou watched her.

The optimal response would have been correction. Koneko's self-recrimination would not identify Georg's escape vector. It would not locate her King, Princess Sitri, Koneko's peerage, or Rias's displaced members. It would not determine whether they were alive, wounded, imprisoned, scattered, or dead.

But neither would letting Koneko, her only route forward, give herself to despair.

So, Neferpitou stepped closer, just close enough that Koneko would hear. "This is not your fault," she said softly. "Forces beyond your control, and beyond any reasonable expectation of your control, are not your burden."

Koneko swallowed. "But if I hadn't—"

"Your sister initiated an extraction, and her allies escalated beyond all expectations. My King Princess Sitri, her peerage, and Rias's peerage members responded. Everyone acted according to their own will and judgment, not yours," Neferpitou's tail gave one slow, irritated lash. "You have assigned yourself culpability, but it doesn't appear to be over today's events. No, it's over something else completely."

Koneko glanced back at her, tears streaming down from golden eyes as they flicked over Neferpitou then, from her red eyes to her cat ears, to her white hair, and to white tail that she flicked. And to Neferpitou's mild surprise, Koneko revealed her own ears and white tail.

"You would know, mm?!"

Neferpitou, not understanding what the other catgirl was implying, so she merely nodded once. "Mrrm."

Koneko didn't reply immediately, just stared at her with tears, and the wind moved between them to fill the quiet. Merely two white-haired catgirls standing on this rooftop under this clear blue sky, their ears flicking whenever the breeze brought up dust.

Finally, Koneko looked away again.

"Mm, you would know..." She murmured in capitulation, wiping her tears on her sleeves. "For Akeno, for Yuuto and for everyone else, I'll help you as best as I can... You mentioned Serafall-sama?"

Finally, cooperation.

"Serafall has power, resources and influence amongst the other Satans." Neferpitou began, "More importantly, Princess Sitri was also taken. Our objectives align, and she would presumably, by dint of familial ties, be well-motivated to assist in the effort. Do you know how to contact her?"

"I don't know... But I think Rias would."

Neferpitou's ear flicked in irritation at the name. Rias Gremory, the devil that had attempted to kill her King and also who they were now charged with antagonising. Her willingness to provide assistance would normally be questionable, but with two members of peerage also lost, her willingness was irrelevant, she will assist them.

"Mrrm... Acceptable," She nodded. "How do we contact her?"

"Mm, she's grounded. We'll have to take the train, ask her in person at Gremory Castle."

Neferpitou knew what a train was, and she knew that it would be too slow. "Our matter is too urgent. Do you not possess teleportation?" she asked, remembering the way Serafall-sama had simply vanished from her King's forest cabin.

"Highly illegal without authorisation." Koneko's tail twitched once. "We'd get into a lot of trouble, mm."

"The situation calls for it."

For a moment, Koneko looked as though she might argue. Her eyes flicked toward the ruined grounds and towards the places where people had been locked in heated combat merely a few minutes ago. She sighed.

"Mm, follow me."

Neferpitou followed as the other girl jumped off the roof, ran along the edge of the crater, and to the Old School building, the only structure that had been far enough to go untouched. Through the wooden hall, and up the stairs, they went. Passed the room where all this began, where Koneko's sister approached her, stepping around the shattered glass as they arrived at the dark, candlelit 'clubroom' in which Neferpitou had sensed them convening once or twice.

"Emergency teleportation circle," Koneko said, lifting her hand. A shining magic circle spun in her palm, and a larger one answered, lighting up beneath their feet with a low hum. "This will take us to Gremory Castle."

Netherpy's ears twitched once as she warily eyed the spinning magic circle. This would be her first time using 'devil magic' to displace herself, no choice but to put her trust in the other catgirl. She stepped closer, kept herself tense enough for any sudden knocks then.

The circle swallowed them in light...





... and they stepped out of the teleportation circle and onto elaborate carpet.

The air changed first.

The stench of a fresh battlefield no longer pressed down on them, the scents of blood and dust and metal and sweat. In their place was the smell of waxed floors and old woods and expensive fragrances of tea and perfumes. Neferpitou did not care for any of it. If anything, it insulted her that her urgency to locate her King wasn't shared by those who lived here. There should be alarms and shouts and the rattle of arms, but instead, she could still hear faint music playing in a distant parlour.

"Let's go," Koneko hurried ahead with a nervous looseness to her stride, as if fearing that they'll get caught.

It still felt too slow for Neferpitou. And her ear flicked in annoyance at how loud Koneko's footsteps were, but she was clearly at home here.

The teleportation chamber gave way to a narrow antechamber, then to a longer corridor lined with portraits and tall windows that showed glimpses of the 'Underworld' beyond, her King's homeworld. They passed several staff. Maids and butlers dusting and sweeping who took one look at Koneko and spared them only bowed heads.

They had almost reached the next turn when...

...A silver-haired maid appeared from the adjoining hall, pushing a tea cart. Porcelain rattled once as she stopped. Her red eyes moved from Koneko to Neferpitou, and the temperature of the hall seemed to drop by several degrees.

"Koneko?" she said. "What are you doing here with... that?"

Koneko flinched at the word. "S-she's with me, Grayfia-sama."

The maid's hands stayed lightly on the cart handle. Nothing in her posture changed, but Neferpitou felt the pressure of her attention settle like a blade against the throat. "What is this about?"

Neferpitou's tail-fur bristled. Yet another being vastly more powerful than her, she could sense, and worse was the outright hostility. Whether it was her or her King's reputation, this 'Grayfia' being possessed a negative opinion of her even in their first meeting. And every second spent explaining themselves to this was another second stolen from her King's survival in her eyes. The Satan Serafall was here. Neferpitou could sense her clearly now: above them, past the stairs, behind doors soaked through with a bright, 'sparkling' power that she had felt only once before.

Close, so close, they should not be wasting any more time.

And Neferpitou decided that they wouldn't.

She wrapped an arm around Koneko's waist, catching the girl before she could protest, and activated the second function [Movement Ring].

The stone hallway, and Grayfia's hostile stare, vanished in a blink. And immediately, they were replaced by a hall lit with warm lamplight, adorned by heavy tapestries, and commanded by a grand conference table. And around said table, the sudden scraping of chairs as several people startled slightly at Neferpitou's sudden appearance, landing in the corner of the room, one arm hooked around Koneko to keep her from falling.

"Koneko? Why do you have your ears and tail out?"

Rias was present, among other faces that Neferpitou did not recognise... save for one. Near the head of the table sat the Satan Serafall. Pink cap and with little white wings atop glossy black hair. A wand with a golden star... and violet eyes staring right at her.

"Pitou-chan? Koneko-chan?" Serafall said. "What are you doing here?"

Neferpitou nudged the other catgirl forward, and the words burst out of the shorter girl all at once.

"Kuoh Academy was attacked! Akeno, Yuuto, Sona, her entire peerage..." She swallowed, then glanced uneasily at Neferpitou. "And even Nebiros-san. Almost everyone's been taken away!"

The room immediately began to drown and freeze as, once again, Neferpitou felt the wash of dangerous 'demonic power' that she'd only felt once before.

Serafall leaned forward, black gloved hands curled into creaking fists.


"Who took Sona-chan?"
​

Koneko opened her mouth, but no answer came. She had been unconscious, and had only witnessed the aftermath. So she turned to the only one who had had seen it all.

Koneko opened her mouth, but no answer came. She had been unconscious when the worst of it happened; all she had seen was the ruinous aftermath. Her white ears flattened to the top of her head and her fingers tightened at her sides, then she turned, slowly, toward the only one in the room who had witnessed everything.

Every gaze followed.

Neferpitou stood under the room's collective gaze, slim in her blue coat, the badge on her chest catching a hard silver gleam. She only straightened, and began to tell them how everyone had been taken, her voice projecting clear across the conference hall.


"My King, the Princess Sitri and I were convening in her Student Council Room when we detected an intruder..."
​





(A day later)

Koneko sat very still in the waiting hall outside the conference room, beside a large portrait of the Gremory Founder.

She hadn't been able to sleep after they'd sent everyone away yesterday. They didn't argue about that part since Grayfia and the Satan Lucifer had to hold back the Satan Leviathan from doing something hasty. Rias was back in the human world—her parents had given her to handle the ruins of Kuoh Academy— and she was taking full advantage of the break in her grounding. Meanwhile, the two Satans and Grayfia talked behind closed doors of the conference room.

She... wasn't waiting alone though.

Koneko lifted her eyes, looking to the one standing across the red hall carpet that separated them like a river.

Neferpitou stood in her blue coat with her shoulders back and her spine straight, almost like one of the suits of armour standing all along the hall. Her red eyes stayed on the closed doors. The sheriff badge on her chest caught the hall-light every time she breathed, shining in little flashes of amber-gold brass.

Koneko kept looking at that badge even when she told herself not to. It had been given to someone who should not have existed.

That was what she could not stop thinking about.

Rias had told her enough, and everyone had whispered enough, and Kuroka had believed enough to do terrible things because of it.

Neferpitou was a chimera and a clone. Maybe even a thing made from Koneko herself, or from pieces of her blood. Koneko didn't know how that could be true, because when she looked at Neferpitou, she didn't see herself at all. Not with those scary-focused red eyes, not in the shape of her face, and not in the way Neferpitou stood as if she was never afraid of anything. Not in the way she made decisions without fear. Neferpitou wasn't like her at all.

The only thing they had in common was their white hair and their feline features...

And maybe that was why it hurt so much.

Maybe when they were making Neferpitou, they'd taken only the good pieces of her... The brave pieces she had never found when she needed them, the strong pieces that she couldn't wield, and the Senjutsu that she had always been too scared to use properly.

Koneko could still feel Neferpitou's chakra even now, even when she tried to press down every bit of Senjutsu inside herself so she would not feel too much. The other catgirl's power filled the hall like some kind of hungry monster, like it'd just pounce at her with a bite any moment now, but... she knew Neferpitou wasn't like that at all.

She's just been standing there, quiet and calm like any other polite attendant in the Gremory castle.

A stable chimera-clone... Her clone.

The thought still made Koneko's stomach knot up. She wanted to keep running away from it, say that she isn't a clone, but she knew that she couldn't anymore. Everyone else, from Rias to the Satans, believed or knew that Neferpitou was a clone made from her. Even her Kuroka-nee had believed it so much that she had massacred her peerage back in House Naberius to stop her from ever being made. She'd failed, but now she had come back today, going as far as breaking into Rias's territory.

Koneko still didn't understand what her Kuroka-nee had been trying to say to her with her ranting and rambling before she knocked her out to kidnap her. But she did understand that Neferpitou had been the one to save her.

She just kept staring down at her twiddling thumbs in her lap, because looking at her clone was still too hard for her.

"Thank you," she said softly, and winced when the quiet hall made the words sound louder than she wanted. "For saving me. From Kuroka-nee, and from the fog. I... I know you didn't have to, but you did anyway."

Neferpitou looked at her for a long moment.

Koneko couldn't tell what she was thinking. Her ears did not move much, but her tail curled slowly behind her, and that made Koneko even more nervous for some reason. Then Neferpitou seemed to think very hard about something before she gave a small nod.

"You are... worth saving, Koneko."

Koneko flinched when Neferpitou said her name. It sounded strange from her mouth. But being acknowledged like that, like she was still her own person, even by someone very dangerous... it made Koneko feel a little warmer, even if she didn't know what to do with it.

The doors opened a little.

Grayfia-sama leaned out the door's gap. Her braided silver hair, tied with ribbons, swayed as she looked at them. Her eyes stayed colder on Neferpitou than on Koneko.

"The Satans will see you now, Neferpitou," she said to the clone.

"Mrm."

Koneko stood too fast and almost tripped on the carpet, but Neferpitou was beside her before she could fall. Koneko caught herself, cheeks hot, and whispered, "Uh, thank you," again.

And when they went in together, Koneko stood just a bit closer to her.

The conference room felt different from when they had first arrived. It was too quiet now. Only three people sat at the table: Rias, Sirzechs-sama, and Serafall-sama. Koneko looked at Rias first because she knew Rias best, but her King's worried face, probably for Akeno and Yuuto, didn't help her feel better at all. Sirzechs-sama was silent. Serafall-sama sat very still and very frowning, and that frightened Koneko most of all.

On the dark wood of the table, in front of Satan Leviathan, there were two things: One was a letter, and the other... was a brass sheriff badge.

Koneko felt Neferpitou go rigid beside her.

Was it... the badge? It wasn't Neferpitou's, because her badge was still pinned on her chest. But it had the same shape, the same brass shine... Except, instead of 'Deputy - Kuoh Town', this one had 'Sheriff - Kuoh Town' emblazoned on it.

No, it couldn't be...

Serafall-sama touched the edge of the letter with two fingers, and said three simple and gut-wrenching words.


"They have demands."
​

They were too late.

Koneko looked from the badge to the letter, and could only wonder what had happened to Sona, Akeno, Yuuto and everyone else after the Purple Fog swallowed them all.





(Earlier) [Student Council Room]

Sona Sitri woke up staring at a familiar ceiling.

Dark wood panelling, rich and absorbed light well, she remembered picking out the specific tree for lumber herself. To the side, blue curtains tied with gold-string tassels fell to the floor near her head like a waterfall. The windows still shattered from when Malal and his damned nekoshou-chimera familiar had burst out of them. She still couldn't fathom why they couldn't have opened it, or at least burst through one window rather than shattering two, one for each dramatic exit.

Why was she even lying on the carpet? She didn't know, but...

Sona closed her eyes again and permitted herself one measured and tentatively relieved breath.

... But what matters was that they had won.

Their Prismatic Gaol had held. Her peerage had somehow plugged the breach where that Purple Fog began seeping through. Dimension Lost, she realised what the Sacred Gear was now... In hindsight, she should have recognised one of the 'lost' Longinuses from the description of the Purple Fog alone. Regardless, they had won against it. They had somehow prevented the Longinus from scattering them all across Earth, or from leaving their souls to dissolve in the Dimensional Gap, or just tossing them directly into a prison somewhere.

Her ribs ached dully, and her head throbbed much sharper in places like she'd taken a hard tumble somewhere. But... she was alive.

"Sona-kaichou?" someone—Tomoe, she recognized—asked worriedly to the side.

"Yes, I'm conscious," Sona murmured, then preempted the inevitable second question. "And yes, I'm fine. I don't feel injured beyond a headache and some aching ribs."

"Ah, that's good to hear, kaichou! We were so worried!"

'We.' Sona clung to the word, keeping her eyes closed as she exhaled in relief. Good, her peerage was here too. That was the last of her worries. And for one clean, very foolish second, she thought everything was alright.

She pushed herself upright, and the relief shrivelled up before she finished sitting.

"What... in Satan's name..."

She hadn't been lying down in her Student Council Room; she had been lying down in half her Student Council Room.

Two windows, three walls, no doors, but one giant wall-to-wall hole. Like a cardboard box cut in half, the room abruptly ended halfway through. Half a bookshelf, half a motivational poster about clean-as-you-go, and half an announcement corkboard. Right through the new memorandum on maximum skirt length, cut so cleanly that the laminated rules still clung to their half of reality. The oaken conference table stopped one seat short from the end too, its remaining length jutting toward open air where the rest of it should have been.

The far wall with the door was just gone entirely. The corridor beyond it too, the one that commanded an excellent view of Kuoh Academy's front courtyard.

... There was only the outside. And even that was wrong!

There was no Japanese cityscape stretching in the distance... no glimpse of the Sagami Bay glittering in the distance. Instead, there was a dusty, copper-colored plain that stretched endlessly in all directions beneath a sunless, purple sky.

Sona stared.

"What... Where..." She did not remember standing, but suddenly she was on her feet, both hands gripping her head. Then she saw it: A quarter-piece of the building lay sticking up like a ragged pyramid in the distance. "Is that the gymnasium?! WHAT HAPPENED TO MY SCHOOL?!"

Tomoe just thumbed her katana, stretching a helpless 'Ummm...'

"Get me Tsubaki." Sona said hollowly.

"It's..." Tomoe, instead of bowing and running off to summon her Queen Piece, stayed put with that hesitant expression. "It's just me and Ruruko."

Sona almost snapped her neck turning toward the redhead. "What do you mean, just you and Ruruko?! Where are the others?!"

"We don't know, kaichou. Ruruko was already carrying you when I ran into her. We just found the Student Council Room together and decided to make this our base until you woke up. Ruruko is out scouting the perimeter right now. The others must still be out there."

"I see," Sona looked out the... hole.

For a moment, Sona could only hear the wind as it whispered through the severed room.

It whistled through the broken glass of the windows, flapped the blue curtains, and dragged a thin veil of dust over the Student Council carpet. It even smelled wrong: Not one whiff of Japanese pine, or the fragrant Japanese Osmanthus flower they planted all around the Kuoh Academy campus. No, none of those things. Instead, it was this barren and parched metallic musk.

Despite her aversion, Sona forced herself to take a deep breath.

She also forced herself to step 'out' of her Student Council Room. Just one step on proper regulation tiling that was waxed last Monday... and the next step, her polished school shoes were tamping on the dry red dust.

Panic, and angry screaming, were luxuries she could not afford at the moment.

Taking stock... She had one peerage member standing behind her, at least one more nearby, and the rest missing somewhere far beyond this room that had been sliced out of their cozy Japanese town like a slice of party lasagna thrown out a twenty-story window and down to some unknown hell. And now, with one catastrophically damaged school and a largely missing peerage and a rather abysmal chance of surviving being hopelessly lost, her unofficial match with the Seekvaira Agares didn't seem as stressful anymore.

"Kaichou," Her Knight Piece said carefully, "Where are we? This doesn't look like any part of the Underworld we've been to."

"Because it isn't," Sona looked out over the coppery plain, past the broken chunk of gymnasium, past the scattered rocks, toward the endless horizon where distant flat-topped mountains stuck out in the purple horizon.

She couldn't afford to panic.

Every pureblooded devil had seen photos of places like these in their Underworld geography books. They've also heard their parents' warning to never wander out too far from their own territory, especially to the places where no other House's territory lie. And of course, who hasn't heard the occasional missing expeditions that the morning news often reports? Those well-equipped expeditions who weren't stranded with just half a Student Council Room.

"There is a very good reason why much of the Underworld is unclaimed despite our civilization being millennia older than Mankind's."

"So, this isn't just one of those borderlands?"

"No, this is..." Sona scanned the horizon, her mouth suddenly very dry. "This is the endless, untamable wastes of the Underworld. Hundreds—possibly thousands—of miles away from civilized lands. These uncharted territories are what lies past the edges of modern maps, ravaged by unstable geography, outrightly hostile magical phenomena and the occasional abyssal megafauna."

"So there aren't any locals who could help us?" said Tomoe who went very still.

Sona frowned. "The only people who call these wastelands home are rebels plotting the destruction of modern devil civilization, and backward savages still living hundreds of years in the past."





[Elsewhere in the Underworld Badlands]

"Home sweet home!"

It wasn't my Nebiros Valley, but it was my Underworld!

"Good old devil country!" I laughed, throwing my arms wide at the empty horizon like I'd just stepped off a train back home.

I didn't know what that Georg fella thought he was doing, flinging me back home to the Underworld. I reckon he figured distance would break the fight apart clean, or maybe he just bolted and his Purple Fog accidentally yanked whatever pieces of the battlefield stuck to it like gum under its shoe.

For the record, It's hard to be mad about people showing up to get a piece of me when they're paying me so handsomely!


Feat Achieved! - Sequence Breaker I
Engage in combat with a mid-story antagonists before even meeting any of the previous antagonists. And survive.
+1 Gold Gacha Ticket

...
​

I'll be honest. I hadn't the faintest idea who Kuroka, Heracles and Georg were supposed to be—or what their deal was for that matter—to warrant being a 'mid-story antagonist', but I did know that I could fix that quick: I had a truth-compelling [XX - Judgement] tarot card collecting cobwebs in my pocket for Satan knows how long now! Now if only one of them could just be courteous enough to turn up alive and restrained for me to use this tarot card on, that'd be swell.

Can't rightly picture that happening any time soon.

These bastards were tough! And after watching that Heracles fella eat a clean Rennala's Full Moon-shot to the chest and still have enough vinegar in him to go into a slugging match against Ichabod the Imperfect, I sure as heck wasn't strong enough to take them on in a straight fight myself! Just another sign that I'd picked a quarrel with beings well above my weight-class! And they're not gonna be happy with me from now on, I'd wager.

That was the bad news.

The good news is, if I'm still somehow winning said fights with the middleweights of this entire universe, then that's a sign that I'm on the right trail! Makes me feel like a real middle-class devil now!

And getting the opportunity to burn a Gold Ticket is always appreciated!


[Astral Bar] |Elite Item|
Calamity Mod - A refined bar crafted out of the depths of the Astral Infection, a bar containing refined cosmic energy that is nigh breakable, when infused with energy it is capable of releasing cosmic energies. Restock Timer: 8 Hours

...
​

... And I reckon I shouldn't touch the metal bar made out of this so-called "Astral Infection" with my bare hands. Probably shouldn't even take the damn thing out at all, if I'm being honest. But "nigh unbreakable" and "cosmic energies" sounds like the sort of devilry a curious devil like myself could do some fine, irresponsible tinkering with. Bronze, wood, and now this strange hunk of cursed star-metal... Got a fair few toys in the wagon now.

First thing's first, though...

"Where the hell am I?"

I scanned from horizon to horizon, trying to get my bearings. And not finding it, I checked the purple sky above moved [Verdance].

A tree sprouted under my boot. It punched up from the soil in a rush of green and brown. Branches snapping wide open in the air like an umbrella. And in about three heartbeats, it had lifted me sixty feet above the ground. Black Oak, common as dust back in Nebiros Valley.

"This'll make for a good landmark," I patted the trunk. A thin trickle of power seeped up through the living wood and into me, and I frowned. "I can't believe I'm saying this about ningen lands, but... I already miss the dense woods of Kuoh Town."

Infinite Demonic Power was darn near impossible to quit once you'd had a taste.

This tree barely had enough for me to sip in, but that wasn't why I formed it. From this high up, the world opened itself. The land rolled wide beneath a purple sky, empty in the way only the deep Underworld countryside could be empty. My [Byakugan] reached as far as it could, but found less than I wanted. Just dust and rocks for miles around.

But I wasn't lost yet.

I'd tucked a communication spell into Ichabod during the rebuild. It was one of those features I kicked myself for not adding the first time around, because Satan below, I sure could've used it when Rias and Sona was busy trying to beat the bronze off him. Could've told them to stop fighting the construct and making things worse. Really could've saved everybody a whole heap of bruises and broken bones... assuming, of course, Rias was the listening type.

Well, no use crying over spilled milk.

This time, the spell was there. Better yet, it came with something of a locator... for when Ichabod gets blown away, buried, banished, swallowed, or otherwise misplaced, I could point myself at him like a compass. And right then, that needle was wiggling.

I hadn't come alone. Ichabod was here.

My black sleeve fluttered in the dry wind as I lifted my arm, tuning the spell by feel. The connection tugged faintly through my demonic power, right in my bones, the gentlest nudging on my arm.

"Somewhere..." My arm swept in an arc and stopped. My finger pointed across the flat, featureless horizon. "...east-wise over there, huh?"

I made the jump, pushing off the oak trunk like an arrow off a bowstring, shooting for the horizon where red dust met purple sky.

The dry air just rushed by. And keeping low to the ground, my wings flared out once most of the speed from the initial jump wore off. The horizon stayed where it was no matter how long I chased it. a familiar feeling. It was good to be home. Just ain't natural for a devil to stay in the human world. Even less for a country devil like me to stay in the city, devil or otherwise. It was—

Blood and massive footprints.

I hit the dirt boots-first, already in a crouch right beside it.

The footprint stamped violently onto the dirt told me everything: Shoe size of 40 and with a sole pattern that I remember molding onto a certain someone's armored bronze soles. This was Ichabod alright. But the blood? Looks like Heracles went along too. I figured Georg would have taken him when he teleported away, but it looks like Heracles couldn't just leave well enough alone., and followed Ichabod to settle the score. That, or Ichabod had him tight in his grip.

Faintly with my [Byakugan], I could see more in the distance. I stood up with scoff. "Well, least nobody got bored."

The signs got clearer from there as I kept moving.

Trenches carved through the dust, thin and deep, and in between more footprints. Must be from Ichabod's Carian Slicers where Heracles managed to dodge them; the ones he couldn't dodge had more dried blood on the dust. There were also deep divots too where Greatblade Phalanx must have thrust into the dirt. And... Glassy craters glittered where sand had been cooked into little crystals.

"Ichabod didn't have fire spells built into him," I muttered, kept following. "So, Heracles was still putting up a fight, huh?"

Ichabod's and Heracles' fight kept moving in hops, long stretches of undisturbed dirt separated bloodstains and scorched craters. Even a big crater as wide as football field, lined with flash-forged glass. More of Heracles' doing, trying to keep distance to use whatever spell managed to do that, but Ichabod kept closing said distance.

But finally... I caught up.

An amber-gold shard glinted in the horizon, like a splinter stuck into the purple sky.

Ichabod the Imperfect stood in the middle of a scorched battlefield. Twelve feet of gleaming bronze standing tall under the Underworld's sunless sky. Wristblades and halo disengaged. The golden light in his eyes was dim, but not gone. He still had just a little juice to him, [Bronze Creation] told me. Not much, but truth be told, it was a wonder he had any left at all. Only two of the fifteen inscribed barrier spells were up, regenerated. That meant that, at some point, something had hit him hard enough to make all fifteen shatter at once.

The proof of it was right there: Ichabod's whole left arm was gone, clean down from the shoulder. And here I thought I overbuilt and overengineered him! But nope, Ichabod had only been just a hair tough enough to win.

And win, he did.

Because there in Ichabod's shadow, lay the body of Heracles on the ground.

He was dead, no doubt about it. Face was almost as pale as his gray hair. One leg was bent wrong, resting over a massive footprint where Ichabod and his several tons of bronze had stomped it shattered. And most telling was the hole right through his chest, his heart, and straight out the back. Any lick of moisture dries quick in these parts, and the thirsty ground had already drunk up most of the blood, leaving just a large splotch of red in the dirt around him.

But what was surprising was the smile on his pale face.

"This was exactly how you wanted to go, huh? Fighting?"

Heracles didn't answer. Some men wanted to pass away in their beds from old age, all peaceful like. Others wanted to go down fighting a bronze war construct... even if it didn't matter the end.

And it definitely didn't matter none: The moment I get even a postal code near a forest, [Bronze Creation] will be there to reform Ichabod's entire arm, [Intermediate Item Construction] to triple his barrier matrix again, and probably have make old Ichabod five-feet-taller while I'm at it too. All ready for bastards even bigger and tougher than Heracles had been.

There was no glory here.

"Still, gotta review your recording of that fight sometime." I said, with a quick glance high up to Ichabod's dimly shining eyes. "I bet you gave Ichabod here your darndest."

Ichabod the Imperfect didn't answer, still just glowering at the corpse at his feet.

"But what's all this though?" I crouched down beside the dead Heracles.

He wasn't shirtless anymore. Or maybe he was, technically, but there was not much man left uncovered enough for the word to sit right. Metal had grown out of his skin in hard plates, all covered with polished spikes. Spiked pauldrons, spiked leg bracers, spiked arm bracers. His left hand—still raised a little as if he had meant to swing one more time—was the strangest thing: Covered in a massive metal diamond as big as his torso.

Crouching down, I rested a hand on the oversized metal glove. [Structural Analysis] flared, and I stared into the distance as [Intermediate Item Construction] and [King of All Trades] chewed on the rush of know-hows, whats-its and the whole rigmarole of whatever this was.

...

... I let out a low whistle.

"Ah, so this is your Sacred Gear. Darn, would've been nice if you'd stayed alive. Nothing much [Structural Analysis] could glean from you now. Your oversized missile might have a nice warhead shape that I could use, but it's just not worth half as much as the Sacred Gear that lets you make the fool thing out of thin air in the first place!"

I gave the dead gauntlet one last pat. "Alright, let's get you scalped and leave the rest of you to the devil-buzzards."


Feat Achieved! - His Final Form is a Corpse
As a High-class, fight and kill your first named Ultimate-class Being. Without a scratch.
+1 Diamond Gacha Ticket
​

"... Diamond?" I sputtered, eyes wide like dinner plates as I stared at the corpse. "Were you really that tough? Nevermind, I'll tell you what! If this gives me a good roll, I'll give you the deluxe service! Deal?"

The dead ningen just kept smiling.

"Deal!" I laughed. And, almost shaking with excitement, I burned the diamond ticket and got...


[Old Blood] |Legendary Trait|
Bloodborne - You have the blood of the Great Ones running through your veins. You have greater vitality and energy thanks to the Old Blood which also grants you resistance against Esoteric effects. The concentration of mystery in your blood increases your energy reserves and makes it easier for you to learn, understand and train Magic and Estoric Arts. Finally, your blood has healing properties that scale with your vitality, but those who ingest too much may be affected by your corruptive presence. If you want, you can exert greater influence over those who consume your blood. (You are not an actual Great One)

...
​

It's something I've never gotten before: a straightforward power-up.

Demonic power surged. Beating in my heart, pulsing under my skin, hardening my bones, thrumming to be used at every twitch of my trigger-finger. My demonic power has always been building up, but never like this. Ten times? Twenty times than normal? Stronger spells that had a casting cost larger than my pool were now in reach. I bet I could now make flashy displays of [Verdance] and [Bronze Creation] that I could have dreamed about before!

"Well, shoot!" I laughed, giving Heracles a friendly slap over the shoulder. "And they say a dead man can't be lucky: That's the best roll I've gotten in a while! Well, a deal's a deal! Let me repay you with a nice burial!"

A magic circle spun in my hand, and dirt began climbing into neat mounds in the space beside him. The Dig spell was a must-have for any farmhand: Useful for anything from plowing fields, making contour trenches or making it easier to pile fence posts. It only worked on topsoil and loose rocks though; roots and bigger rocks had to be dealt with the old-fashioned way.

But this is the first time I get to use it to bury a ningen before!

The coffin came next, formed it from [Bronze Creation]. A great bronze casket big enough to keep him and his missile-fist, it even had his likeness on the lid.

"There you go!" I smiled, gesturing at the grave and the casket I made beside him. "A nice spacious grave down a whole six-feet, and a personalized, double-XL casket for you and your missile-fist to rest comfortably in! Ichabod, help put him in."

When he was down, I covered him with earth, tamped it flat.

For the headstone, I sliced a broad flat stone near the edge of the field, and the clinking of bronze chisel on grey granite rang out as I chiselled his name on it.

"Heracles... you spell it like grease, right?" I asked the bronze construct who just stared right back. "Uh... And what did he say when he was running his mouth again?"

Ichabod kept quiet, so I kept chiseling.


Here lies...
Hair Aclease
'Inheritor of the name, the soul, and the twelve flavors.'
​

"Close enough," I said, knocking off his grave with the headstone. Taking off my black cowboy hat, I held it against my chest in respect. "Uh... He was a generous soul, gave me a whole lot more in death than most do in their life. And he was one tough bastard, definitely worthy of the Ultimate-class title. Oh, and he had great hair too."

A respectful second, I let pass. The grave staying quiet as it lay under the purple sky of the Underworld, in the middle of this scorched and glass-riddled battlefield where Heracles 'won.' It's what he would've wanted, I reckon.

I pressed my cowboy hat back onto my silver hair, fixed my dark suit.

"Alright, let's leave Hair Aclease to his dirtnap," I smiled back at Ichabod. "and find our way back to Kuoh before Neferpitou turns it upside down looking for me. The silly cat. I bet everyone's all worried and looking high-and-low for me right now."





[Elsewhere]

"I activated Dimension Lost prematurely."

Georg lay propped against white hospital bed pillows that did nothing to improve the color of his face. The whole Hero Faction gathered around the hospital room, looking at him with varying expressions of pity.

Cao Cao sat beside him, the True Longinus resting upright against his shoulder. Rings of worked metal hung beneath the spearhead. Every so often his fingers tapped the shaft, and the rings answered with a delicate clink.

"It was a last-ditch measure," Georg stared at the ceiling without his spectacles, voice still dry. "Our intel was bad, and the situation had deteriorated beyond my ability to salvage it. So I had to buy time and distance for us to restrategize now."

"It was the right call," Cao Cao's pale eyes did not leave him. "And Heracles?"

"The badlands, scattered with the rest of them. I expect he's not in the mood to listen to anyone now that I've cut him off from his fight."

Cao Cao gave the faintest breath of amusement. Then the spear rings clinked again.

Across the room, Perseus stood with his arms folded at their blue-haired leader, "Your gambit with Kuroka backfired."

"It has. Because of the Fake Nebiros Heir," Cao Cao said, his fingers tightened around the spear. "Our reports say that his brass golem was weak enough to be destroyed in battle against the Gremory and the Sitri heiresses. If it had remained at that level, any one of us could have batted it aside effortlessly... but no one could have anticipated that he'd rebuild it strong enough to be able to challenge Heracles in a straight on battle. It's ingenious."

For a moment, Cao Cao said nothing, tapping his finger on the spearshaft. The rings clink softly against the blessed spearhead.

Clink. Clink. Clink.

He stopped, glanced up at the ever-sharp spearpoint and frowned. "Our honorable allies," Cao Cao said at last, "have expressly forbidden me from revealing myself before the appointed hour, and I agree with them. The True Longinus should only be revealed to a worthy battle."

"The wielder of the True Longinus... grounded," Perseus pointed out, and laughs and giggles followed.

"Unfortunately true," Cao Cao graciously smiled along with the laughs for a moment before looking back at Georg. "Can you open a path to Heracles' likeliest location?"

"Yes, but only for... three people? Anymore and I'll pass out."

"You were going to do that already."

"Maybe," Georg gave a pale smile, "But then you should wish whoever is sent a pleasant walk home, because it'll be a one way trip until I wake up."

Cao Cao chuckled. And he tapped his spear's butt on the tiles, and its rings gave one clean note as they settled. A habit whenever he'd made a decision.

"Perseus, Connla and Leonardo... you're in charge of locating Heracles. Whether he's in the heat of battle or injured and unconscious, drag him back here. Turn him into stone if you have to. Let someone else find a way to turn Kuroka to their advantage. Our priority now is to make sure Heracles doesn't get himself hurt any more than he already has."

Georg slipped out a shaky hand from under his hospital bed's sheet, and with a strained look... Purple Fog spilled from beneath his palm, thickening slowly at first, then rolling upright like a curtain. The hospital wall behind the Fog vanished, replaced by a hard view of reddish plains and a purple sky.

Connla stepped through without a word, adjusting the cuff of his black sleeves. Leonardo, their most junior and fresh-faced member, followed without looking back. Perseus, hefting his sword and shield, was about to follow suit as well when.

"Perseus."

He stopped at the sound of Georg's voice, and turned around from the threshold.

Their bedridden friend held up a small glass vial, wrapped with paper seals and already filled with a captured wisp of Purple Fog. "Break this to signal to me that you need a return passage."

Perseus took the vial. He turned his head slightly. "Cao Cao."

"Yes?"

"What are you planning, sending us three in particular?"

"You three are the ones most suited to countering the capabilities of the Fake Nebiros. So, if you come across him... kill him."

"He's just fought Heracles, probably separated from his golem and chimera." Perseus scratched his head in confusion. "Isn't this a bit overkill?"

"Exactly, Doesn't it sound like the perfect time to dispose of him?" Their leader replied, his expression still courteous.

Perseus stared at the smiling Cao Cao for a bit longer, then shook his head, smiling all the while. "If you wanted to get back at him because he threw off your plans, you could have just said so."

Cao Cao just shrugged with his innocent smile, caught on his little omission. Perseus rolled his eyes.

"Fine, I'll pass it along."

Then he stepped through, and Georg's Purple Fog folded shut behind him, leaving behind only a little dust from the badlands.



[Near Heracle's Grave]

Dust crunched under foot as I began the long walk back to that tree I planted.

I walked the trail alone now.

It was surprising how easy it was now: Putting Ichabod in the pocket dimension. More efficient now, only cost like a quarter as much in Demonic Power. The doing of [Old Blood], I was sure of it. It didn't flood my noggin' with information like [King of All Trades], but it made it easier to make heads or tails about magic stuff, like seeing a puzzle with fresh eyes and spotting all the little things that I missed before.

"My best bet..." I rubbed my chin, "... would be to go looking for train tracks. Send out some bronze constructs in every direction; one of 'em is bound to come across tracks at some point. And I have been looking for an excuse to build my own train ever since I used [Structural Analysis] on the one I rode to Kuoh Town."

The badlands stretched quiet around me, not agreeing with the plan.

"'Course, if I'm really unlucky, I could just brute force my way up the skies. Won't be a pleasant ride thanks to Heavens' work, but I reckon I could build something that could last long enough to spot a town or some train tracks then!"

[King of All Trades] and [Item Creation] went spinning into drafting blueprints for that. Didn't do this often cause of how quick time passes. Even after just a few drafts, I could already see my tree in the distance: just the tiniest peak of green over the endless reddish dirt. My boots crunched over ash, gravel, and the occasional bit of glassed sand where Heracles did his explosion magic.

And then, politely, from my right—


"Hello, Mr. Undertaker."
​

Almost jumping out of my skin, I whipped around, spell totems in my hand.

She was tall. Skin like pale porcelain. Dressed in dark wools like she had just stepped out of… well, Nebiros Valley, actually. Proper nineteenth-century fashion, back when folks still dressed with an ounce of class and self-respect. Dark brown bonnet that covered much of her snow white hair. Her doll-jointed hands folded over the front of her long brown embroidered dress, layered neat for a funeral. And brown shawl drawn close over narrow shoulders as she matched my walking pace. Here in the middle of nowhere.

I remember her from somewhere, I was sure of it. My mind still racing to put a name to the pretty face.

"What... did you call me?" I stalled for time.

"Undertaker. That is your trade, is it not?" She said with her strange accent, "Coffin, grave and service. You gave him every degree of solid comfort, which a man of his circumstances could wish to receive. The work well suits you, Mr. Undertaker."

She smiled at me with her honest blue eyes and that's when I realised something...

The Plain Doll sure looked every bit as pretty as she did in Bloodborne.

- Cat x Chimera End -​
Chapter 10: Impending Skill Issue
In which... Everyone starts tripping balls in the desert. Malal is torn between workplace and family relationships. Grant us eyes, Grant us eyes.

~Coming soon to public release~​

AN:

It's a broken ability to... be able to teleport things and people anywhere. Georg could literally teleport enemies straight into the Dimensional Gap for the instant KO and it was only through pure author fiat that he didn't use it more often.

Kind of wrote myself... off a cliff by escalating the fight this hard. It went from "Wouldn't it be funny if the slick city-girl Sona was lost in the 'countryside'?" to "Hey, Astral Bar and Old Blood has crazy synergy if we lean into the cosmic horror." to "We need enemies to kill with all this cool stuff we're getting." to "Oh crap, it's 9k words long and I have yet to even begin writing the Pitou-Koneko interaction that I've been hinting at."





FEATS:

Sequence Breaker I
Engage in combat with a mid-story antagonists before even meeting any of the previous antagonists. And survive.
+1 Gold Gacha Ticket

His Final Form is a Corpse
As a High-class, fight and kill your first named Ultimate-class Being. Without a scratch.
+1 Diamond Gacha Ticket


...
​

ROLLS:

[Astral Bar] |Elite Item| (Gold Ticket)
Calamity Mod - A refined bar crafted out of the depths of the Astral Infection, a bar containing refined cosmic energy that is nigh breakable, when infused with energy it is capable of releasing cosmic energies. Restock Timer: 8 Hours

[Old Blood] |Legendary Trait| (Diamond Ticket)
Bloodborne - You have the blood of the Great Ones running through your veins. You have greater vitality and energy thanks to the Old Blood which also grants you resistance against Esoteric effects. The concentration of mystery in your blood increases your energy reserves and makes it easier for you to learn, understand and train Magic and Esoteric Arts. Finally, your blood has healing properties that scale with your vitality, but those who ingest too much may be affected by your corruptive presence. If you want, you can exert greater influence over those who consume your blood. (You are not an actual Great One)
Last edited: Yesterday at 06:36
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, tomio, Chaos91 and 1,720 others
Infonticus
Yesterday at 00:40
Add bookmark
View discussion
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Appendix
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
superjukes
 [NSFW] Fortune's Fool (DxD/Chaos Gacha OC-SI)
superjukes Aug 1, 2026 Words: 19k 1 2 3 4 5 action action adventure adventure
Replies135
Views23K
Sunday at 22:15
John-Smith
John-Smith
WitchOfCrows
 [NSFW] Writing History (High School DxD, NOT an SI, chaos gacha/lewd cards)
WitchOfCrows Jul 3, 2026 Words: 13k 1 2 chaos gacha female protag high school dxd
Replies50
Views12K
Aug 15, 2026
EternalPonderer
EternalPonderer
 [NSFW] The Cursed Chaos Gacha User In Harem Worlds (DXD/Multicross) (Chaos Gacha)
Pergostra Jul 8, 2026 Words: 17k 1 2 3 chaos gacha chaos gacha inspired comedy
Replies68
Views13K
Aug 10, 2026
Pergostra
MementoMori
[NSFW] Chaos in DxD - A Chaos Gacha Story
MementoMori Jun 6, 2026 Words: 16k 1 2 3 4 chaos gacha comments are appreciated (putting this tag work?) harem
Replies91
Views20K
Jul 18, 2026
MementoMori
MementoMori
Wordeater
 [NSFW] Chaos Gacha Gave Me Glowing Hands But I Still Have to Learn Japanese [DxD SI]
Wordeater Yesterday at 12:34 Words: 13k 1 2 3 4 chaos gacha comment you fucks high school dxd
Replies109
Views9K
13 minutes ago
Aquario1313
Aquario1313
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit