Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Worm CYOA, Kitsu 1
 Thread starterNewb to the game  Start dateMar 7, 2024  Tagsaction adventure amy dallon bisexual protag carol dallon comedy cyoa female oc insert female protag first fic gremlin mc mark dallon missy biron morally dubious morally grey protagonist original character romance self-insert slice of life the dallons victoria dallon worm worm crossover worm cyoa
Worm CYOA, Kitsu
Worm CYOA, Kitsu
Created
Mar 7, 2024
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
1,687
Recent readers
0
Threadmarks
98
Follow Kitsu, a normal little girl thrown into Worm and turned into a Case 53 with memories not her own. Watch as she runs around the world of Worm being a gremlin. Main character is childish, impulsive and overpowered. First fic. First few chapters are rough, It gets better. This story deals with elements of life and growing up that may be uncomfortable to some readers.
Other than that, enjoy her clown on the PRT and bring peace to Brockton Bay by virtue of people being to scared to destroy her favorite restaurant!
Last edited: Sep 30, 2025
Threadmarks Extras
Statistics (95 threadmarks, 831k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
Worm CYOA, Kitsu
Words 3.2k
Mar 8, 2024
Worm CYOA, Kitsu 2
Words 2.1k
Mar 8, 2024
New
Ch. 93 Character Trope, The Evil Twin
Words 13k
Apr 10, 2026
New
Ch. 94 Clone... Twin
Words 9k
Apr 18, 2026
New
Ch. 95 Duality
Words 17k
Aug 21, 2026
1
2
3
4
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#1
Crossposting from FFN
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
*Sounds/actions*


-Boston, May 9th, 2005-


…

'What?' I think groggily as I try to stand up. *Slam* Only to fall over onto the hard concrete as I notice something wrong, my body isn't moving right.

"Owww"

'What? Who said that? Why did that hurt!?' I've had nerve damage since I was 5 years old, I have difficulty recognizing touch-based stimuli, like if I hold a plate of hot macaroni, I won't notice the heat until my hands are already red from a first-degree burn. Or if I scratch my forehead, I feel it in my nose.

"Who said that?!" I say- oh. Oh no. That, please no. "Hello?" I said. In a very high voice that is certainly NOT my own.

Looking up I get a better view of my current location. It's midday, I'm in a barren alleyway, reddish brown brickwork buildings, and dilapidated concrete pavement, cracked with weeds popping up here and there. I recognized, none of this.

'Maybe somewhere in old town Alton? My Sister lives there with her kids not far from my home in, my home in?' "WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON!?" I shout, I pride myself on my long-term memory, and I can't recall my own house, or my sister's name. Or much of anything! It's like all my memories where wiped and swapped with a basic Wikipedia trivia section on the facts of my life!

"Well now that's no way for a young lady to talk." A smooth, deep voice says calmly from behind me.

Looking behind me I see a thin man easily twice my size if not more. Fair skin, relaxed posture and dark slicked back hair. Wearing a dirty white button up and blue jeans. He almost looks like Johnny Depp if I'm honest. Wait, why is he covered in blood?

"Umm, hi?" I say diminutively. God, why am I panicking so much? I'm normally calm under stress.

"Hello there little girl, I understand this is not the calmest of situations, but that's no excuse for foul language." He says.

Why does he seem familiar? And why is there this rising sense of urgency in my gut?

Wait.

'Little Girl?!'

I get up and run/stumble in the opposite direction, ninety percent scared out of my mind, ten percent looking for a reflective surface. The man just chuckles as I run.

Getting to the end of the alleyway I am greeted by a horrific sight, corpses everywhere, mauled, mutilated and in every other state of carnage you can think of. A little girl in a blue dress skipping towards me alongside a naked, white tiger lady currently devouring an arm. And a few tiny, machine, corpse, spider thingies. Think small versions of the monsters from the Maze Runner movie.

'Oh god.' I think with absolute dread. 'Please let this be a dream, that I am going to wake up. That is NOT The Siberian, that was Not Jack Slash in the alleyway. I, I, I don't, I'm gonna be sick.'

"Ha, ha-ha, heh ha." I start giggling before breaking into a nervous laugh.

"Hello!" The little girl said happily. "Are you here to play with us?!"

Snapping out of my mini breakdown, I start backing away back to the alley.

"Now, now." Jack said, stepping behind me. "We can do away with that. I found this little one in the alley, so I figured we could all play a little game." At this little girl, who I deduced was Bonesaw, just smiled even bigger.

"Am I going to get a little sister!" She nearly shrieks with excitement.

"Maybe, we'll have to see how well she behaves." Jack Says calmly. "And see if we can't clean that potty mouth from earlier."

At that Bonesaw pouts angrily. "Bad words are for bad girls; I don't want a little sister if she's going to be bad." At this Jack nods his head sagely.

"You're absolutely right. But it's nothing that can't be fixed. Afterall She's still young and just needs proper role models." I don't like where this is going.

"I was thinking we could get to know each other first. How about a game of tag? That sounds fun right?" He says looking down at me.

'Oh god I'm being recruited' My mind starts going a mile a minute with this thought. 'Okay self-preservation first, figure out the rest later.'

"U-um, sure." Fear, you and I going to be good friends today, I just know it.

"Great! Here are the rules. You have until sundown, Bonesaw, Siberian, a few others and I are going to chase after you, if you get tagged enough times you lose. When you are it, you have to tag someone, when they get tagged, you get ten seconds to run. If you are it at sundown, you lose." He says.

So I have like, four hours to run from some of the most dangerous and deranged individuals ever thought up. Great! Fun! Oh, the JOY!

"Alright, let's begin, I'll start. One, two, three-" He goes.

'NOW!? Shit, shit, fuck, shit. A minute. I just need a MINUTE, to process this. Is that so much to ask?' I start running. At this point the panic and frustration are driving me to tears. I don't know why but I run towards and past The Siberian. She just looks down with a smirk as I pass her. Why do I feel like I'm forgetting something?

"Ten. Tag your it." Jack says.

"AAAAaaaah" I scream and fall over on the blood-soaked pavement, as a searing pain spreads across my back. Looking back, I see he has not moved but is now holding a knife in his hand. Oh, his powers. I try to get up only to get slammed into the ground by a foot. I look up and see The Siberian grinning menacingly down at me.

"Ah, ah, ah" I hear Jack say. "You know the rules. Count to ten" Why am I getting flash backs to Tokyo Ghoul?

"One, T-Two, Three, F-Four." I continue to count as I hear running, the whole time The Siberian kept me held to the ground. "T-ten" The Siberian takes her foot off of me and I get up. Jack and Bonesaw being nowhere in sight. The Siberian just looks down at me with a devious expectation.

'Yeah, no. I am not going to essentially give the murderous JoJo stand a free ticket to hunt me.' I just look at her. Look behind me see nothing there, look at her. And turn around and run. 'Okay I can do this, I just gotta last a few hours and tag someone at the end. Easy!' Distracted by my thoughts I trip over something and once again, fall face first, *Crack* 'I think I broke my nose' Looking up I see a HUGE blackish green eldritch abomination of a creature.

"Well." It says with a deep guttural voice. "Looks like I'm it, One. Two." I couldn't jump to my feet faster as I ran as fast as I could and jumped down another alley. "Ten, Ready or not, Hear I come" I can still hear him clearly as I hide in a plastic trash can. Throwing the bags of refuse on top of myself and covering my mouth to keep myself quiet. After what must have been hours, though was probably only half of one, I feel the trash can get violently thrown through the air and slam against something hard. Somehow surviving the crash only for something to grab me and yank me out of my smelly safe space. Opening my eyes, I see a featureless grey faceplate staring at me.

"..." It grabs my right arm roughly and with its long, pointed fingers, starts carving.

"OWWW! STOP! PLEASE! PLEASE! STOP!" I scream out, full on crying at this point as it gauges deep into my arm. 'I miss my nerve damage.' It stops and drops me down after what felt like minutes of agony. I fall to my side crying while holding my bloody mutilated forearm.

"..." It grabs my head in one grey slim ceramic hand and jerks me to look up. Crouching above and down at me it grabs my bloodied arm and twists it painfully to face the carvings at me.

#TAG#

"... THATS WHAT THAT WAS FOR?! WHY NOT JUST CARVE IT ON THE BRICKS?!" I force out through the sobs. I recognize Mannequin at this point. I knew the 9 were sadistic and deranged but there is a difference knowing of, and knowing. "Why? W-why is this ha-happening? What do y-you want?" I'm about ready to give up. 'There is no help in sight, my dominant hand is mutilated and useless, my back is carved to bits after Jack and The Siberian, my nose is broke. I don't even know why I'm here, or why I'm apparently a little girl.'

"..." As I think this Mannequin lets go of my head and starts carving into my arm again.

"OH GOD WHY!? WHY!? PLEASE! I DON'T WANNA DO THIS ANYMORE! THIS ISN'T FUN!" My vision goes white with the pain. After he is done, he twists my arm towards me again, only this time it hurts more. *POP* I think my shoulder dislocated. My vision is blurry from the pain and tears but I can make out what he carved.

#COUNT#

"O-one, t-two, th-th-three, fo-o-ur." This goes on with me crying the numbers until I get to nine when he lets go and with harsh throws of his arms, disconnecting from the joints with chains extending and finding purchase with the roof of the buildings in the alley. Retracting himself up and disappearing over the ledge.

As soon as he's gone, I fall back on the ground and start crying. An ugly pathetic sobbing, I think I peed myself. 'Why, just end it.' As I hit that rock bottom, I felt this churning in me, a desire, a need to get back. To take something away, to let them know they didn't win.

Then it happened. A trigger event, I saw it, God it was impossible to describe. An eldritch cosmic horror wet dream the likes of which would have H.P. Lovecraft frothing at the mouth. And I understood.

My trigger was to be pushed to the point of fighting back, to stop taking punishment, and give as good as I got. My power renders me functionally immortal, I can be hurt, but I can't be harmed, my body will always be healthy no matter what, shaping at my desire and will. I absorb energy, store it, redirect and use it to empower myself. And as a bonus I can use this energy to craft illusions, tactile, auditory, visual.

[Inquiry: Goals?]

"..."

'Wuh?' What was that? Was that my shard?

[Affirmation]

'Oh, Wait aren't I supposed to be unconscious? From the whole, gazing upon extradimensional being thing?'

[Data]

!

Okay, that was a thing. Ever just know the answer to something but you forget who you know? It's like I just got information downloaded into my brain. Which is pretty much exactly what just happened.

'So, the reason I am not unconscious, and no longer panicking, is because you're partitioning the stress from my brain because you need me to escape from Jack Slash and his shard and can't risk it on the off chance he wakes up before me?'

[Affirmation]

'Why?' Aren't all the shards on the same sort of network, working together? Why would one try to hide from the other?

[Data]

Oh, oh, oh no. My shard is not from the Warrior, or the Thinker. It also just so happens to have the answer to ENTROPY! The ONE THING all the shards would literally kill themselves to obtain for their entities. On the bright side, due to my power being immortality I can literally never die as my shard will never run out of juice. On the down side, I have a MASSIVE target on my back due to my shards status as a deviant and a foreigner. I need to be careful moving forward, Jack needs to be avoided at ALL costs due to his shard being able to forcibly connect to other shards and manipulate them.

[Recommendation: Escape Primary Priority, Speculation Secondary Priority]

'Right, good idea, moving now.' I hobble up and notice my arms are healed, sore and in a moderate amount of pain, but otherwise not impaired, aside from the blood covering them there is nothing to suggest an injury. I can only hope the rest of me is the same, healed despite the pain. I start running as much as my little legs could carry me. Which was admittedly not far before I ran out of breath.

"Curse *Huff* this *Huff* tiny body." I Look around and spot a tv store on the left side of the street I've been running down. No, not an electronics store. There are old box tv's in front display window showing the news.

'Oh boy, when was the last time I saw one of those, has to have been a good decade at least. Wait.' On the news station was the headline, Leviathan Devastates Newfoundland, Casualties Rising. That tells me when, now I just need to know where.

"OH MY GOSH! YOUR SO CUUUUUTE NOW!" 'Please no.' Looking left from where I just ran, I see Bonesaw, looking as happy as ever. There is something to be said for the absolute levels of nope a little girl smiling and covered in blood conjures in one's mind.

"You need to be my little sister now; I don't care how much I have to beg Mr. Jack." She says as she starts skipping towards me.

Looking towards the tv's I get an idea.

'This is going to suck so hard' I think with a whine. And stay by the window.

"Come on I don't think we're allowed this far out from the others so let's go!" She exclaims innocently. Coming up to me, I act fast.

"TAG! You're it" I shout as I tap her.

"What? No! I'm here to bring you back, you can't tag me while I'm getting you!" Bonesaw huffs out looking adorably angry in a way only children can. Again, so many levels of nope. But that's okay! I have a plan for this!

"But it's the rules! Jack said if you're it then you have to count." I have a plan! Trust me!

"That doesn't count right now!" She stomps her foot.

"Says Who?"

"Says me!"

"You didn't make the rules, Jack did."

"Jack wants me to get you!"

"Jack said if your it you count to ten!"

"Fine! But I'll count once we get back!"

"Then I'll tell Jack you're a cheating cheater who cheats!" That gave her pause.

'Success!' Now to seal the deal.

"I'll go with you if you count, then you can tag me when we get back, I'll even wait inside the tv store for you to finish. Unless you want me to tell Jack you broke the rules and argued with me before counting." I say sweetly. As deranged as she is, she has one kryptonite from what little I remember. Jack, she is obsessed with being a 'Good and Proper Little Girl' and Jack is her source of validation for this. Challenge her on this one thing and with the right prodding you can get her to do just about anything.

"MMMMMM! Fine! One. Two. Three." I waste no time rushing into the store and running to the back. Fun fact! CRT tv's use about three times as much electricity than modern LCD tv's. You can't just have all those tv's hooked to extension cords for safety reasons, so stores with active electronics displays have a special area were all the wires go to connect. Or they could be lazy like these guys and just use actual extension cords barely hid under the tv's and held together with ZIP TIES! 'C'mon really? Plan B! I don't have time to look for a likely locked fuse box.'

"TEN! Alright, come out now we gotta go!"

'Shit, running out of time' I run to the backroom and find the little breakroom, complete with a kitchenette with a microwave, toaster, and coffee pot. Mini fridge, and table with foldable chairs. Running over and opening the drawers of the kitchenette I am sadly disappointed. 'Plastic! Of all the things!'

"Hey! What are you doing!" I hear from the doorway.

'Crap! Think of something!'

"Making a sandwich." I say dumbly looking over to Bonesaw. IDEA! "Wanna see something cool!"

"Umm, sure? But make it quick." She says, I can't believe that worked.

I take the toaster and put it in the microwave, don't do this at home kids.

"HEY! THAT'S DANGEROUS YOU'LL HURT YOURSELF!" Not gonna lie, hearing that line from a serial killer of all people made me laugh a little.

"You might wanna run if you don't want to go kaplooey." I say calmly, as blue plasm arcs across the toaster.

"JAAAACK!" Bonesaw Screeches as she runs out of the breakroom and presumably the store. I sigh in relief and turn off the microwave, yeah that who thing about blowing up? While you should never put metal in a microwave it's actually a myth that it will blow up. No, my plan is a bit different. I pull the toaster out of the microwave.

"HOT!" As I drop it, I feel some of the thermal energy get absorbed into me. So while I can't be damaged the heat, it still hurts all the same. Yay. I grab it again, pushing through the pain as I absorb the energy. "Okay, okay, I got this." I feel the energy inside me but it's not much. And certainly not enough to escape with. Going over to the coffee make I use the energy to enhance my strength and rip it apart. Pulling the metal pieces out, I plug the toaster back in and turn it on. 'This is going to hurt so much.'

Sticking the metal in the toaster everything was agony for all of a few seconds before everything was White. Then I woke up to the darkened and smokey room.

'Huh so I was knocked out? Better than experiencing the full scale of pain that was in store for me. Still –10/10 would not recommend on my worst enemy.' I can feel the energy inside me, just sitting there, waiting.

"Let's try this." I say to no one in particular as I access my stored energy. Guess what happens to a speedster who slams into a wall? Splat, red pancake. But a speedster augmenting their body to be more durable than it has any human right to be?

*Crash* I barrel through the store and don't look back.

A/N This is my first Fanfic. EVER, so reviews are very welcome, I'm new to the site's uploading format and I don't have a Beta, so feel free to comment on any mistakes. I will warn you, I'm just crossposting from FFN and the story has 505k words.
this is gonna be a while.
Last edited: Mar 8, 2024
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Giperman, Doom@0117 and 702 others
Newb to the game
Mar 7, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 2
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#5
A/N First of all I was gonna wait a while longer till I started writing more, but the notification that I got someone following this story within a few hours really got me pumped to write more. Shout out to the first followers of one of my stories! Thanks Quasimojo1138, Obsessivetech, and Evilking5000! I really appreciate it!

Also, I forgot to add on the whole 'Shaping to my desires' is basically saying that Kitsu has minor self-biokinesis. A changer 2 rating essentially. Kitsu cannot regenerate. It's a matter of she cannot be harmed, when she triggered her body essentially reset to healthy and keeps it so. Simply put she physically can't die, or age, unless she and the shard want her to

Now on with the show!

-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
*Sounds/actions*





I don't know how long I ran, not because I was running long. But after tripping for the umpteenth time, I realized superspeed without super perception, that's what I'm calling it, Is NOT a bright idea. After I ran through the store, literally, I followed the road to a highway and head north on the I93 I think. I ran for what honestly felt like half an hour with my enhanced perception before I felt the energy start to wear out. My power works similar to Assault, in that I manipulate energy, but whereas he can stand in front of a truck and have it stop dead on him, while I won't get knocked back, the truck won't stop, it'll just act as though it hit a hydrant. I can then use the force of the energy to augment myself. To my knowledge Assault can't store the energy, only redirect it in the form of motion.

Looking at the sky I see the sun hasn't moved much at all so it couldn't have been more than a few minutes. Oh, look a Wendys! Might as well. I don't really like Wendys more of a Hardees guy myself.

'Guy? Gal? Fuck it might as well roll with the punches, gal it is.' Anyway, it's nice to see something familiar and recognizable after everything.

"OH MY GOD! ARE YOU OKAY!" oh and people.

Snapping out of my thoughts I look up to see a tall, from my perspective, brown hair woman in blue blazer and dress pants.

"WHAT HAPPENED?!"

"SOMEONE CALL 911!"

"WHERE ARE HER PARENTS?!"

It seems I am now the center of attention, then again I'm covered in blood, both my own and not. My clothes are shredded to the point they wouldn't even make for decent torniquets. All this on top of being a little girl alone in the middle of a Wendys parking lot. Oh, she pulled out her phone.

"Hello 911! There's a little girl with a Fox hair band, covered in blood! No, she's not unconscious. I don't know." She's looks at me,

'Hair band? I'm not wearing a hairband.'

"Excuse me little one, a-are you hurt?" She asks, at this point she looks like she might have a panic attack.

"No, I don' think I can be hurt." I say honestly, I can feel pain but I can't actually be harmed, nothing short of being thrown into a black hole can truly harm me, even then that's a maybe.

"She says she's not hurt. Sweetie where are your parents?" Oh, I have no way of answering that.

"I don't know"

"Where do you live?"

"I don't think I live anywhere?"

"Why are you covered in blood?" Time to test out the acting skills.

"The mean man wanted to play tag with the tiger lady and big lizard." What? I'm supposed to be a small child, can't really come out and just say, 'Hey yeah, about that, kinda had a run in with slaughterhouse 9 and got forced to play the most demented game of tag ever, yeah also I'm a parahuman now.' I could say that if I was older, but as it stands hearing a small child talk like an adult raises suspicion in some people and right now, I'm going for sympathy.

"What?"

'Okay maybe I need to rethink my strategy.' As I think that an ambulance and cop car roll up into the parking lot. As the cop comes out, he says something into his radio and makes some gesture to the ambulance driver who nods and starts talking to someone I can't seen in the ambulance.

"Got a report of an injured child, I assume this is her?" the Officer said to the woman almost disregarding me as he faces the woman, there's a bit of a crowd gathering at this point.

Why am I upset that he is ignoring me?

"HEY SHE'S GOT A TAIL!" 'Huh?' Looking behind me I see a sleek fluffy golden fox tail. 'How did I miss that?'

"Shit, Dispatch this is Officer McGuire reporting a code Omega. I repeat code Omega, possible parahuman. Requesting immediate PRT backup. Ma'am, please step away from her you don't know what she could do to you!" The lady backs away fearfully as the newly dubbed Officer McGuire moves to put himself between me and her. With one hand in front of him and the other on his holster he regards me with apprehension.

"Now, listen here, some nice people are on the way, they can help you, just stay right there, okay?" Credit where it's due, Guys staring down someone who could kill him with a thought for all he knows and he still chooses to put himself at center attention, respect.

"OKAY!" I saw cheerfully, and start swaying in place. I intend to play fully into the little girl role I've been cast and take advantage of all the liberties children are given.

"Okay, that's good. Can you tell me your name?" He calms down considerably at my cooperation. 'at least I didn't get a cop with anxiety and an itchy trigger finger. Wait he asked a question, what IS my name?'

"I, I dunno." I stop as I realise this. That's, I think I figured out what happened to me as a pit forms in my stomach. 'I did a CYOA didn't I? Oh god that explains too much, and I'm an Idiot and chose a bunch of drawbacks to min max my power. Knowing me I also chose to be girl for the sheer hell of it, AND I STILL DON'T KNOW WHAT I LOOK LIKE!'

"Okay then. Do you know where you are?" He asks, looking more relaxed by the minute. He even lowered his hand.
I look over to the red Wendys sign and point. "Wendys."

"That's not-" He Is cut off as I hear the sound of helicopters and three vans bearing the winged shield PRT symbol.

'Wait I'm supposed to be avoiding capes, right? I need to get out of here before I encounter a cape with a particularly important shard. I only know of three I need to avoid, maybe five, Jack Slash, Coil, Taylor Hebert, and maybe Panacea and Tattletale.'

As the PRT officers hop out of their vehicles I can't help but notice there aren't any capes. 'Oh right, Leviathan is attacking Newfoundland at this very moment'

One of the officers holds a bullhorn in one hand and makes a bunch of gestures to the others and they start creating a perimeter around me keeping civilians back, and holding what look like modified leaf blowers at me. I can't help but think this is overkill but then I remember I'm bloodstained and clearly parahuman

"Alright, I will only say this once." Officer bullhorn announces through the Bullhorn. And I feel something rush in me. 'Huh, I can absorb sound if it's loud enough, NEAT!' It's honestly not a lot, like a teaspoon of energy, but it's still good to know. "You will be given ONE! Chance to cooperate, if at any point you resist you will be detained! Understood?!" Time to do something stupid again.

"What's detrained? Are we going to the train station?" Yeah. I got nothing so I'm doubling down on the innocent act.

"It means we will lock you away while we take you somewhere else." He says with a sigh, I must have a master or stranger effect at this point, because every time I put on the cutesy act people start relaxing.

"Where are we going?"

"Somewhere safe, will you be good and follow us?" At this point I have no real options. I have almost nothing in the tank and while I get stronger the more I get hit, these guys have detainment foam. That won't do anything other than solidify on me.

'Honestly getting shot or tazed would do me better. Great now I sound like a masochist' "Okay" I say aloud. I honestly wanna be done with today.

Oh hey! It's almost sundown, so I guess I won!

[Affirmation]

'Oh right, you're here. Kinda forgot about you.' I say in my head. With everything that happened my mind was running a mile a minute trying to just figure out a way to get away from the 9. Plan A was to find the electrical closet, before I realized the tv displays were just hooked into a bunch of extension cords and a basic outlet. Plan B was to find a knife in the break room stick it in an outlet, and they just had plastic cutlery. Plan C was to see if Bonesaw had a knife but I panicked and threw the toaster in a microwave in an attempt to scare her away. It worked! And I learned I can only absorb energy within one inch of my body, kinda lame. But still! All according to plan!

[Apprehension; correction, - Doubt]

'I GOT AWAY!' I mentally whine. It shouldn't matter if plan A through Z all fail if the goal is achieved.'

[Concession]

'Damn straight!'

"Very well, I will open the door to the van and you get in." Right, still in this shit show.

"Okay!" I start walking towards the van and stop as I get next to the officer. "Can I play with your loud voice thingy?"

"No." He said firmly.

"Please?" I whine.

"No, now get in the backseat."

"Pretty please?" At this point I'm just being a brat for the fun of it.

"I said no. Now go!" Ooh big man getting upset. Just one more.

"Pretty please with a cherry on top!?" I whine, with what I can only hope are puppy dog eyes.

"FINE! Here!" Wait, that actually worked? Do I actually have some sort of master power over people based around the power of cute? "I swear this is why I don't want kids."

Oh, I just annoyed him to the point. Now I have a bullhorn, I don't even know what to do with this, I was genuinely just being a little shit.

'Oh well might as well use it' I raise it up and turn it to the lowest setting. "THANK YOU MISTER."

"Just get in the car kid."

"OKAY." 'I think turning back into a child effected more than I thought. Cuz this is fun!' As I walk to the van, I finally see a reflection of myself. 'Holy shit! I'm adorable!" With short dandelion blonde hair, fair skin and blue-green eyes, I look like a cross between Irida from Legends Arceus, and Senko-san, what with the fox ears. 'Oooh, that's what she meant by fox hair band, Oh god I'm a Case 53! There goes any chance of me being able to hide in public!
Though that's fairly obvious at this point.'

Sighing inwardly, I climb up into the car. Huh, it's actually pretty comfy in here. I reach up to buckle myself only to regret it as the seat belt digs into my neck. 'This sucks.'

Now I have a bullhorn, a belt digging into my neck, and an annoyed PRT officer driving me to who knows where. And I'm sitting on my tail, that is both uncomfortable and unusual.

'Well, that could have gone worse'

A/N Once again thanks for the encouragement and I hope to keep your guys' interest. This second chapter came so quick cuz I got a burst of inspiration, so I don't know when I will upload next, I'll try to keep it weekly.
this is just a reposting
i have 50+ chapters to go
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Rezalex, Vahzal Haal Rah and 680 others
Newb to the game
Mar 8, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 3
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#6
A/N 20 followers! Loving the love you guys! To clear up some confusion.

Traveller's worm CYOA v6
Queen shard, The Wanderer
Drawbacks: Unconscious Geas (Attention seeking). Wanted (PRT/E88-Recruitement) Tea party with the nine. Endbringer target. Entity Target. Case 53. Poor. Homeless. Corona Pollentia. Acclimation. Tin foil hat.
And a personal drawback I made. Childs mind. Essentially while Kitsu has the knowledge and reasoning capability of a young adult, her brain chemistry is still that of a six-year-old. She will be prone to poor impulse control and emotional outbursts, under extreme pressure she can focus through, but in normal situations she will lack maturity.
Skills: Parkour. Adaptable martial arts. Tactics. Inspiration. Presentation. Banter. Acting. Spatial Awareness.
Perks: Beautiful. Blindspot. Voice in my head. Mindblank. Mental barrier. Trumped the trump. Negentropy. Fan service. Peaceful vibes. Plot armor. Reputable.
World perks: Fair Kaiju fight.
Powers. Immortal. Hot wheels (Limited). Yang it! Self-Biokinesis (Limited). Stranger danger (Limited). Nice-Guy (Locked). Love at first sight(Locked) Panacea (Locked). Kitsune.
Alignment: Chaotic Good Rogue.

Also, just a heads up. After the initial contact Kitsu has, I plan to speed up the story until it gets closer to the main story canon. And spoilers in the A/N at the end
Now without further adieu ON WITH THE SHOW!





'I'm evil' I think to myself as I just keep singing the song that never ends. On the Bullhorn.

"Never. Having. Kids." Cop one says.

"C'mon man at least she aint crying her head off or throwing a tantrum." Cop two says from the passenge seat. I like cop two, he gets it.

"Can you please stop!" Okay I've overstepped a bit.

"I'm sorry." I say quickly. I'm still holding on to the bullhorn though. It's mine now! 'I really am developing the mind of a child, and I don't care. Kids have all the fun!'

"Chill man she's just a kid." 'That's right! It's not my fault I get bored easily and find enjoyment in annoying people. Ok that last bit might be a bit problematic.'

[Affirmation]

'And then there's you. What do you even want?'

[Data]

'Ok, that's a lot.' Essentially the [Manipulator] shard, yes that is its designation in human terms, or the [Transfer] shard works as well, or [Conduit] shard. Conduit sounds cooler so I'm using that, cuz I'm a fan of Infamous by sucker punch.

Anyway, the Conduit shard, REALLY isn't supposed to be here, but it is because it's a deviant shard similar to [Queen Administrator] in that it wants to experience [The Cycle] but never was introduced into it. So when [The Wanderer] was nearby, relatively speaking, it noticed a cycle going on and used that opportunity to break away from its gestalt to slip in. However, in the process of recalibrating into a corona pollentia/gemma it had encountered the [Answer]. Literally a one in 'number so large we don't have name for' chance. Now that wouldn't be a problem if this was a normal cycle, but it's not, this is a cycle that [Conduit] is trespassing on, if it gets discovered by [The Warrior] then it will be forcibly yanked and subsumed into the entity. Killing both me and [Conduit] in the process. So, in order to stay alive, I need to avoid those with loyal shards, like [Broadcast].

'Thinking about I don't even need to avoid Amy Dallon or Taylor Hebert, Amy's shard is, or rather will be, too frustrated with Amy's refusal to use it in interesting ways to really care. And Taylors shard is so smitten with her that I could probably announce to its face everything I know, so long as I don't pose any harm to Taylor it won't care.'

[Refusal; Action Ill-Advised]

'I was being facetious! Learn some human interaction!' I honestly don't know what to do. Canon is so far into the future that all I can do is prepare for what? Eight years depending on circumstances and whether or not my presence alters things? Honestly this world is FUBAR, I'd rather just enjoy what time I have, I have no confidence in my ability to change things for the better, aside from maybe preventing a few people from dying, like Gallant, Manpower, Aegis, or prevent certain people from ending up how they did, like Aisha, Rune, Glory Girl or. 'Holy shit there actually IS a lot I can DO!'

[Apprehension]

'Oh, hush you, it's not like this world could get any worse'

[Correction, Termination]

'If we let everything continue as planned then we wind in an all-out brawl against Scion as [Queen Administrator] grabs everyone. Got any better ideas?'

…

'Thats what I thought.'

[Reluctance]

'You got yourself into this mess when you decided to jump ship from daddy space whale and play super cops' n robbers with all the cool kids, deal with it.'

…

[Acceptance]

'I don't like it either [Conduit], but it's the best I got'

While I finished my inner debate with [Conduit] we pulled up to the PRT headquarters in, I still don't know. It's a rather impressive, if nondescript, building that looks like a mix between a court house and a police station about five
stories tall. As I'm ogling the building, the van stops and an officer in the passenger seat takes the radio.

"Officer Dixie reporting in, Arrival without issue at nineteen-thirty-seven hours, subject is unrestrained and has remained docile and cooperative throughout transit-Over." 'Pfft, Dixie?'

"Copy that, Remain and await escort-Over" A female voice replies.

"Copy, Officer Dixie-Out"

"Your name is funny" I say. I probably shouldn't, but I'm bored and will take any form of interaction I can get.

"It's the name I was born with, What about you? What's your name?" Yeah, I should have seen that one coming.

"I'unno, It's not Pixie." I say mischievously. Messing with people is quickly becoming my favorite pass time, especially now that I don't think YouTube is really a thing yet. And if it is, it's probably still that failed dating site it was
originally intended to be.

"At least he has a name." Driver said. I really don't like this guy.

"C'mon man" Dixie starts

"What?"

"That was uncalled for"

"She's being a brat!"

"She's being a kid"

"We don't even know if she is a kid, she could be a shapeshifting grown man for all we know!" You my irritable sir, will never know just how close to the truth you were.
As Tweedle Dixie and Tweedle Driver continue this back and forth the door to my right opens.

"Step out." Another uniformed officer says, backed up by two others behind him, one with a foam sprayer and the other with an assault rifle.

"Okay, Bye Officer Pixie! Bye Officer Meanie! Thank you for the loud voice thingy!" I say cheerily.

The Officer at the front just regards me holding the bullhorn to my chest and turns to the

"Why did you give her a bullhorn?" 'Oooh, someone's in trouble~'

"She wouldn't stop asking for it." The driver says.

"And you didn't think she might be a Tinker and giving her access to a piece of technology would be a bad idea?"

Did I do this? Yes, I think I did, but he was mean so I don't feel bad.

"Uh, She's just a kid?"

"..."

After a brief pause, he turns around to address the other two who came with him.

"I'm calling in a possible Master/Stranger containment, be on guard"

'WHAT?! Just cuz one guy fucked up and disregarded protocol I'm now about to be locked up!?' The panic on my face must be telling because the lead Officer looks down to me and immediately changes his demeanor.

"Hey can I have that for a bit, I promise I'll give it right back" 'LIAR!' I know he's just following protocol and trying to keep me from growing agitated, but I am getting agitated. I mean, I am right here and I am capable of using context clue. And, barring that I know what M/S protocols entail, roughly.

"But it's mine." I whine giving my best puppy dog eyes, I have no issue giving it back, but it might seem odd that a kid would be perfectly fine giving something away after they JUST got it. Paranoid? Maybe, but I don't doubt that these people record EVERYTHING and then spend hours going through it with a fine-toothed comb to try and determine all that they can about a parahuman for the possibility they turn hostile later.

It's what I would do.

"I know but you can't bring it in the building, if you do, they'll take it away. I just wanna make sure you don't lose it, okay?" Oh, he's good.

"Ok, promise you'll give it back?"

"I promise." I give him the bullhorn. To be honest, playing the part of a child is fun as all hell!

"Alright let's go." He motions for me to follow him. As I do so the two officers behind him move to march behind me.

'I feel so safe!' I think with false cheer.

-Time skip-

'This sucks.' After walking around the PRT building for a while, with people seemingly avoiding me on purpose, I was taken to a bathroom, washed up and given white baggy clothes to wear instead of the torn bloody ones I had. Then I was led to a nondescript pristine hallway lined with doors. And promptly shoved into one and told to wait. Oh! And if I stick my hand in the little slot that food is placed in, I'll lose my hand.

'And today was going SO well' I am well aware that I'll be here for two days with minimal human interaction to determine whether or not I have Master or Stranger powers. If I have master powers, then it would have worn off by then, or the Indviduals mastered will seek me out.

If I have stranger powers, then there will be inconsistences in which I am observed. Like if I have a 'notice me not' thing going on then people will disregard me, while the cameras will still focus on me, and it will be obvious that something is causing others to just ignore me. Or if the cameras can't focus on me, or people can't remember what I look like after interacting with me.

After a couple hours, it is genuinely hard to tell, the intercom sparks to life.

*KZZTNNG*

'OH GOD THAT IS HELL ON THE EARS!' This is old school early 2000's audio technology, so it comes with that static ringing sound when it turns on.

"Hello, how are you? I am here to let you know what's going on, and to just talk to you when I can." She Says in a calming voice.

"I'M BORRRRED! AND HUNGRY!" I whine, this one isn't even faked. I am absurdly bored, and have not eaten all day.

"Right, we'll try and get you some food, is there anything you really want?"

"Uhhhhh, Macaroni? OOO OO! And mashed potatoes! And Pizza!" What? I never claimed to have the healthiest taste, I just temper it with smaller portions and extensive exercise.

"We'll see. Is there anything else you wanna talk about?"

"Can I have my voice toy back?" Yes. I AM being petty and clingy, but it's mine! And I have another reason for this.

"You're what?" Oh? Didn't have that marked down in your notes? That either means their incompetent in their reports, as that was a significant interaction that saw a major protocol violation, seeing as an unknown parahuman was given a piece of tech they specifically requested not knowing whether they're a tinker or not. The Intercom lady is incompetent or lazy and didn't read the reports. Or they left it out for whatever reason. And by asking about it I show I am not trying to hide it.

"The mean officer gave it to me when I asked him, and the nice officer took it so I wouldn't lose it. Can I have it back please? I'm bored." Their response will let me know whether it's incompetence, or laziness.

"Um, I can't give you anything right now but I can see about getting it to you later, is that okay?" She says placatingly.

'Or they could give an ambiguous line that tells me nothing!' The way she phrased that sentence tells me not whether it is knowledge she has access to. I was hoping for something along the lines of, 'Oh, that, um not right now.' or 'Can you tell me more about this voice toy, and maybe I can find it.' the former would imply it IS in her notes, and she just didn't read it, the latter would tell me it's not written down. Of course, this all under a lot assumptions on how they operate, but I have literally nothing else to do, and just sitting here waiting would seem suspicious, seeing as I am small child. Heck I can't be older than 7, cuz Bonesaw was slightly taller than me and at this point in Worm she would only be five or six.

"Why not?" I have no reason to ask this other that I have nothing else to say and don't wanna be left in silence again.

"Well, we need to make sure you're safe. And that you won't hurt anyone."

"I promise I'll be good!" 'OBEY THE CUTE MORTAL'

"I'm sorry but I can't break the rules." Or not.

I just lay face down on the floor after this bunch up my shirt under my face and scream, I'm not upset or anything, I'm just finding that being dramatic is VERY enjoyable.

"MMMMMMMHHHHHHH!"

"I'm gonna gonna go now, ok? I'll talk to you later."

*KCHT*

'I'm just gonna take a nap.' I mentally sigh.

-Time skip-

After sleeping I don't know how long I am awoken to the sound of sliding metal.

"Wuh?" And then I smell it.

"FOOD!" I rush over to the sliding door and take the tray with a slice of pizza, a tall cup of water and a small cup of orange juice, and a small bowl of green beans. I don't even taste any of it as I practically inhale the first bit of
sustenance in, I don't even know long.

*BURP*

"Thank you!" I honestly didn't think they give me anything that I asked for. So, the pizza was nice of them.

"Please put your tray back in the slot."

The little slide in the door opens up and I put my tray in the slot. I am about to do something I shouldn't but I REALLY wanna mess with these people. Reaching up and ticking my hands through the slot I face my palms up.

"More please." I say happily.

"DON'T-" the man says as the slot SLAMS closed down on my wrists.

*KRRRCHT*

And promptly bends and cracks around my hands like brittle tinfoil.

"AAAAGH!" It may not have bruised or broken anything but I still feel the force of impact as the energy transfers back into me.

'Holy shit, that's enough blunt force to slice clean through a femur! If I wasn't impervious to damage I'd call myself an idiot.'

Now my hands are stuck.

A few moments of silence and I don't even know If someone is still there.

"Um, am I in trouble? I didn't mean to break it! Promise! Can you let me go now?! Please?!" I really didn't think this through.

[Affirmation]

'I didn't hear you trying to stop me!'

…

I hate this, I did this, and I regret this.

After a few minutes of just being stuck there, forced to stare at my arms with how I had to reach up, I finally hear something.

"Honestly impressive." A nasally voice says.

"How so?" A smoother deep voice asks.

"The slider would normally stop after encountering significant resistance, instead it went all the way down, imply the shock detector didn't receive enough force back to activate."

"Meaning either the detector is faulty, or that the force didn't travel back to it."

"Precisely, If it's the former, then oh well. But if it's the latter."

"It implies the energy was either redirected, or nullified."

I might have fucked up more than I initially thought. Might as well diverge some of this.

"Hello? Is anyone there? My arms hurt and my legs are tired, please help. I promise I won't break anything else!"

"Right, first things first, let's get her out of there. Call a maintenance crew, and tell them to bring a blow torch." The deeper voice spoke. "Hi there. My name is Kamil, just sit tight, okay? Someone's coming to help get you out of there."

"Okay." I say diminutively.

"While we're waiting, why don't you tell me how this happened?"

"It's not my fault!" 'It is entirely my fault.'

[Affirmation]

'Not now, be quiet.'

"I promise you're not in trouble."

"And the other man promised to give me back my voice toy! He lied!" I have no excuse at this point, I'm just being petty and using my apparent age as an excuse to get away with it.

"I can get you the voice toy if you want."

"LIAR! All you people are liars!"

"How about I get you some more pizza? Will you tell me then?" I honestly cannot say no pizza.

"Promise?" I say quietly.

"Promise."

"Pinky promise!"

"Okay." As a gloved finger wraps my pinky. 'I better get that pizza, with stuffed crust, and mushrooms!'

"I was still hungry, so I stuck my hands out to ask for more food, and then the door tried to eat my hands!"

"That's it?"

"Yeah."

"Weren't you told not to do that?"

"Uh, I forgot?"

"I don't think you deserve pizza if you can't listen." 'THE FIEND!'

"You promised!"

"I did. And I will get you your pizza, but I want you to know I'm very disappointed in you."

Okay that will never NOT get to me. I hate when people pull that card, get mad, upset, anything that doesn't make me feel like I'm responsible for you feeling bad.

…

"I'm sorry." I think I might actually cry. Why does this feel worse than someone being mad at me, at least then I can be mad back.

"Just make sure to listen next time okay?"

"Okay."

"Can you tell me something else?" 'Oh?'

"Sure."

"Why was there so much blood on your clothes." 'oh.'

"I was playing tag with the mean man, and he plays mean." I've already h

"The mean man? You mean the one who gave you the voice toy?" You know not being able to see the guy while knowing he is right in front of me is getting annoying.

"No, that's Officer Meanie." He chuckles at that.

"Where were you when you were playing?" That is actually a tough question, seeing as I don't know where I am NOW.

"Uh, down the road? The one with all the nine three numbers."

…

"Sweetie, little one." He just went from child talk to deathly serious in like .5 Seconds.

"Yeah?" Not gonna lie, the tone shift unnerved me a bit.

"Can you tell me his name?"

"I think the girl in blue called him Jack."

"... Oh, god."

Ok, in all fairness I see where his mind is going, and I too would shit a brick. I can turn this around, gain sympathy. Heck, if I can gain enough pity points, I might be able avoid the whole master stranger protocol!

-Time skip-

I'm in another cell. Yeah, not only that, but since I had extended contact with Kamil the whole Master/Stranger protocol has to restart to make sure I didn't master him. So, all I achieved from this was possibly revealing my main
power.

'DAMN IT!'

{BONUS SCENE}

Boston PRT Director Kamil Armstrong POV

Today had been... unusual. Firstly, he awoke to reports of Leviathan attacking Newfoundland. Not the best way to start the day. After routing most of his capes help in either the battle or the evac, he got a report of Slaughterhouse 9 being spotted passing through Quincy of all places, last scene entering Adams Village. A veritable nightmare seeing as Adams Village was a major commute into Downtown Boston. With all his heavy hitters away in Canada, all he could do is put out warnings, effectively quarantine the area, and redirect the rest of the capes to monitor the area and prevent civilians from entering as best he could.

He refused to involve the wards, not only would the Youth Guard be up his ass eight ways from Sunday, he wouldn't be able to sleep at night, not with sending children after some of the most dangerous serial killers in Earth-Bets' history. At least the Endbringers were more akin to natural disasters and lacked any semblance of what might construe sentience.

Then just as a report made its way to him about a small 'blur' bolting trough a few buildings in the south of Adams Village headed towards the Southeast Expy, he got an emergency report of possible Case 53 in a Wendy's parking lot up in Revere. So, while he was preparing to deal with that, setting up the proper channels to detain a possible hostile, the individual turns out to be completely compliant. A saving grace in and of its self. So, while he was reviewing the reports of all interactions between the individual and his officers, two MAJOR things became apparent. One, the individual could not have been above seven years old at the MOST, which involved caused so many complications you could write a book on it. Two, their behavior is, off a bit.

For one they have a higher grasp of sentence structure for a child their size despite their lack of vocabulary. Children six and below tended to either speak in short, five-word sentences, or ramble on with 'ums' and 'uhs'.
Then there was the fact that despite being apparently inhuman, what with the tail and ears, slightly elongated canines, and slightly slitted pupils, there is no sign of an Omega mark on the her body, either it is on her head being hidden by her hair, or on the bottom of her feet.

And added to all that she has the occasional tendency to zone out, almost as if she were talking to someone in her head. Unusual behavioral tendencies aside. She was a standard, if at times polite, child. In that she was impulsive, immature, and emotional.

Then there was the incident. Imagine his surprise when a secretary ran into his office panicking about a Master/Stranger cell breach in the containment ward. Only for an officer to walk in behind him and fully report the situation. He knew how those doors worked. Nothing short of a brute 5 ranking or above would save someone's hand from being sliced clean off, and even then, the door's shock detector would recognize the significant force and stop from trying to close. Because in all honesty, if they have the capacity to resist the force to rip open a car engine, then they had little hope of containing them, might as well save the door, those things were not cheap. It's why they only had four of those cells in the containment ward.

'Well, three now.' He thought sardonically.

It honestly didn't make sense, if she had a high brute ranking, then the slider would stop and the alarm would sound. If she could redirect the energy from the force, then why did she scream in pain when it shut? And if she absorbed the energy, why didn't she use it to break out? Either she is a brute and the shock detector malfunctioned, or there is a lot they don't know.

And to top it all off, the bit that slapped him in the face like a fish, she was targeted by the nine for their games. And this probably led to her triggering. A neat little fact that the PRT keeps from the public is that only certain people are capable of triggering, and only through extreme trauma. If that information got out, well, Kamil was certain people would be trying to get powers on their own.

'At least I figured out what the blur was.' He thought. 'Possible high-ranking brute, definite high rank mover capabilities, and possibly a striker with the powerset.'

Pouring himself a shot of whiskey he looks down once again at the file on his desk, containing the girl's picture in the top right.

"Honestly, I need a day off, or three."

Kitsu's POV

'Now that I think about it, I could have busted myself out of the door if I just used the energy I collected from the slam to enhance my strength.'

[Affirmation]

'WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY ANYTHING!'

[Reiteration- 'Not now, be quiet.']

…

'Damn it.'

A/N

SPOILERS SPOILERS SPOILERS

for those that wanna know.
Ratings
Mover 3- eventual 7
Shaker 1- eventual 8 scaling to 11+ with enough energy stores (The illusions can be tactile)
Armor Brute/Breaker 12+ (Immortal plus Yang it! is busted like that)
Master eventual 2 (Love at first sight is really intended to be an extension of Nice Guy and isn't all that powerful or useful, only effecting one person at a time and even then, they can deduce they've been mastered. I only added it because I had points left and said 'why not?')
Blaster 1- eventual 4 as Hot wheels' limiter is lifted
Striker 5 eventual 7 as Hot wheel's limiter is lifted and eventual 12+ when Panacea is unlocked, Kitsu genuinely has very few effective long-range offensive capabilities, as even with the tactile illusions, they're only about as strong as Neo's from RWBY, where anything strong enough to break a normal bone will shatter them. Useful yes, but not very good when pitted against Individuals with enhanced durability, strength, or even armor.
Changer 1- eventual 3 as Self-Biokinesis' limiter is lifted, partially hard locked by Case 53.
Stranger 1- eventual 4

These are the ACTUAL ratings, not what the PRT might have down in the future, as while it may look impressive, containment foam and traps are a hard counter to Kitsu, as she has no inherent super strength or speed, only durability, her entire power set is dependent on either coming prepared with energy already stored in the tank, or getting the opponent to throw the first punch and, failing that, avoiding confrontation all together. A fight against lung would see Kitsu dominating as everything he throws at her, she can just throw it right back and possibly a little more. A fight against Uber and Leet, Taylor, Assault, or others with less direct abilities would prove to be a lot less clear cut, even Grue would be capable of taking her out if he got creative, and hell not to mention Panacea would almost certainly win if she broke her 'Heal Only' rule, though let's be honest, Panacea is a little busted.

Acclimation is the big one here as it limits Kitsus' powers and even locks them in some cases, like how she can't absorb the heat she generates from her own body to produce a feedback loop of energy to use. Or how people relax when she doesn't show hostility, but don't treat her that way outright due to Stranger Danger's limited influence, which is supposed to have people disregard Kitsu until she does something unusual to grab people's attention.

I also find it hilarious that at this point in the story, the way to defeat Kitsu is to not fight her and to simply restrain her, like, just pick her up and keep her from energy sources and she's harmless, assuming she doesn't have any energy stored up beforehand.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Vahzal Haal Rah, Doom@0117 and 668 others
Newb to the game
Mar 8, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, 4
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#10
More than double the followers since the last WOO!
So at this point I've decided that I will just start posting whenever I feel the story is at a good stopping point.

On with the show!

-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
*Sounds/actions*


-Boston PRT HQ-

"Bored, bored, Bored, BORED!" I've been here for about two days know and I don't know when they plan on letting me-

*KCHHT*

"FREEDOM! -umph" I race out of the room only to slam into something.

"Woah there kiddo, I get it, been there done that." A jovial voice that sounds like a slightly deeper Ryan Reynolds.

Looking up I see what looks like a red modified version of the outfits the PRT goons wear.

'Assault.'

"Hey there. How are you?" He says kneeling down to meet my eyes.

This is one of the few people who could take me out in a fight. My main offensive power revolves around absorbing and augmenting myself with kinetic energy, his revolve around redirecting and effectively NOPING kinetic energy. Why is he here? Isn't he supposed to be in Brockton Bay?

"Soooo, what say you and I get away from here? Kamil says you like pizza, how about we go get some?"

"Uh, um, I uh." I tried, I really did. And just ended up running back into the room and hiding behind the corner.

'Shit shit SHIT! I am not prepared for this, he is a natural trigger, with a connection to the shard network! WHAT DO I DO? HELP ME [Conduit]!'

…

'Right of course he would fuck off in the face of an active shard.'

"My god you have no idea how much you sounded like a predator there." A girl says indignantly.

"Hey, I'm great with kids! Normally." Assault said that last bit under his breath.

'Oh? Who dat?' peaking over the side I see a shorter girl in a black bodysuit and domino mask.

'Is that Battery? She has a dead shard, right? Idea!' Running out and hiding behind her leg to but a body between me and Assault.

"Oh my god she is sooo CUTE!" she says, turning and reaching to pick me up.

'ABORT!' Instinctually pulling on the energy I have stored from earlier when the door broke on me. And push her towards Assualt.

"What the shit!" She shouts landing against the ex-con, ex-vill?

"Kiss already!" I just shouted the first thing that popped into head.

'I mean, they wind up together anyway.' I turned and rounded the corner.

"Woah now, I knew you'd fall for my charms eventually." and promptly stop as I hear Assaults attempt at flirting.

'I gotta see this.' Ok I know I should be trying to flee, but. I got nothing I just wanna watch this.

"You're a dick. You know that right?" She says, glaring up at him, still in his arms.

"Well, it takes one to know one."

'I, that was not the, what? Aren't you trying to romance her? Say something ROMANTIC'

"And what is that supposed to mean?" If looks could kill.

"I mean, you are what you eat."

!

'Holy shit, BURN!'

"Oh! You wanna go there? Then what about you huh?" She pushes off him.

'I need popcorn.'

"What about me?" Now it's his turn to be confused.

"You said you are what you eat, and it takes one to know one, implying you at least think you know I'm a dick. So, You are what you eat. Dick."

"I mean, yeah, or at least I hope."

'Wait what?'

"Wait, you're gay? Oh thank god!" Battery exclaims with relief.

'oof.'

"What? NO! I mean I am what I eat, and you're a dick and I hope to be and, I, I'm gonna stop now."

'Crash and burn! Dead on arrival!'

"Hee heee ha." I couldn't stop from giggling.

"Shit the kid"

'Uh, oh.'

Turning back around I start to run, putting energy into my body I bolt. I may have smacked into a wall or two in the pursuit, I forgot to enhance my perception at first. Assault and Battery may have this love hate relationship, but damn do they work well together. With Battery attacking Assault and him using that to launch himself and her forward.

Eventually as I started to run low on energy in what I think is and office it looks nice. Short maroon carpeting, dark brown desk with a computer, forest green wallpaper. Circular window behind the desk, door off to the side of the room.

'Add a bear skin rug in here and it would look cliché. OO! SWIVEL CHAIR!' There's a swivel chair.
I run over and climb into the chair, kick the desk and promptly start spinning.

"WEEEEeeeee!"

"You are not supposed to be in here." A woman says.
Startled, I fall out of the chair. "AAAagh!"

"Are you okay?"

"Who said dat?" I say popping up.

"I did, I am over here, on the desk."

Turning around I see the computer turn on and a fair skinned dark-haired lady's face pop up on the screen.

'SADAKO!'

"AAAAAHHH!" Using the last of my energy stores I lift up the chair ready to smash the ghost out of the computer.

"NO! WAIT! STOP!"

*Flush*

A brown haired man walks out of the side door to the room.

"What is going on in here?!"

'Oh! Kamil!'

"EVIL GHOST BOX!" Yeah, that was me.

Just as I was pointing at the computer with one hand, keeping the chair in my other, the front door busted open to see a woman in black followed by a man in red.

"Director Armstrong, we lost the." Says the woman.

Oh, it's just Battery and Assault.

"Found her." Assault says.

"RED MAN!" Now I'm pointing at Assault.

As this comedy of errors goes on I run out of energy and the weight of the chair knocks me over.

"Woah!"

*Crash*

Kamil Armstrong POV

'Why do feel like this is all Assaults' fault?'

-Time skip-

Kitsu POV

After an explanation of who everyone was, and getting me to calm down. I learned Kamil is in charge of everything here. And the computer lady is actually here for a job interview, not really but essentially. Turns out it was Dragon, not the lady from The Ring. Funny thing is, I always thought she would be accent neutral, like a lot of news reporters are trained to be. Turns out she has a Newfoundland accent, imagine a slight Irish accent. It's actually kinda cute. What? Technically she's two years old, and this is her attempt to sound like her father/creator.

'Who I just remembered is dead, as of the, attack on, Newfoundland, a, few days, ago, huh. Now I'm sad.'

"So, know that you know the computer is not evil, promise not to smash it?" Kamil said, he is surprisingly good at calming me down.

"Yes. You still promised me pizza." I want my pizza.

"I sent Assault here to take you to get some. What happened?" Time to set up the pity party and get some sympathy points!

"Too much red, I don't like red anymore, or tag."

Assault and Battery actually flinch at that, I assume that means they know about the Slaughterhouse 9 incident.

"Maybe, it's time I paint the suit blue." I hear Assault whisper to battery.

"Well, maybe we can fix that, how about you and I go down to the food hall now?" Kamil says.

I'mma be menace again real quick.

'Time to be evil!' I think.

"Do they have dick?" I say.

…

I swear, if someone dropped a pen it would be deafening.

"What?" Kamil says, blank faced and understandably confused.

"Assault said Battery eats dick. And he hopes he could eat dick. Is it tasty? Can you but it on pizza?" I deserve an Oscar, an Emmy, AND a Tony for how well I kept a straight face.

…

"I mean you can put on, OH GOD WHY!" Assault started before Battery glowed and smashed her fist into his crotch, turning his almost whisper to a high-pitched squeal.

'These two are comedy gold.'

"Dragon?" Kamil starts with dangerous calm.

"Yes sir?"

"Can you keep the company while I have a talk with these two outside?" Oh, I wish I could see this.

"Not a problem, aside from the initial scare I unintentionally gave her she seems remarkably well behaved."

"Good. Assault, Battery, outside. Now." I watch as Battery drags the incapacitated Assault with her as they walk outside.

"They're silly." I say, not even trying to play at being a kid this time.

"Their interactions have proven to be quite humorous and entertaining." She says jovially.

"Huh?"

"Um, yes, they are very silly."

…

'And que the awkward silence.'

"Are you a lizard?" Master of conversation, me.

"Um, no?" Dragon says

"Can you breathe fire?"

"No, I cannot, why are-."

"Then why is your name Dragon?"

"I, like the name?"

"Okay." This got me thinking, I still don't have a name.

…

"I need a name."

"Oh? How about Elizabeth?"

"Too long!"

"Jennifer?"

"No J names."

"Charlotte?" She's starting to sound desperate.

"No, I want something unique, something that means me."

"Well, you are a girl."

"I am."

"You have fox features."

"I guess." I have an idea where this is going.

"How about a name that reflects that, how about Kitsune?"

"What's that?"

"It's a trickster fox spirit from Japanese myth."

"Can it be shorter?"

"Kitsu? It means-"

"YES!" That is the perfect name. It's short, cute, unique, and easy to remember!

"Is everything alright in here?" Kamil pops into the room.

"I. Am. KITSU!" I shouted standing on the swivel chair making lights shine behind me, since when could I do that? And promptly fell over.

"Aagh!"

*Crash*

"My tail!"

-Later that day-

I am now eating my pizza, It's just a cheese, not a stuffed crust mushroom.

'Oh well'

"So let me get this right, you can make lights now?" Battery says across from me. Oh yeah, I'm still in Kamils' office. In the swivel chair at his desk. He just had someone bring the pizza up, cuz rank has its privileges.

"Yes." I say swallowing a bite, according to [Conduit] I can make limited density hard light illusions.


[Conduit] didn't inform me earlier because there was never a good time to practice. And in my desire to show off I activated it instinctively.

"So you're impervious to damage, can be strong but not all the time. And now you have the ability to make lights?" Assault says. Looking at me in disbelief.

"I could always make pretty lights."

"Then why didn't you do so before?" Says Battery.

"I forgot." I say taking a bite of pizza. I can also change my appearance a little bit, but I am NOT about to tell them that. "So, what are you doing here? You can't have my pizza." Priorities.

"We, have a, fun opportunity we want to tell you about." Assault again.

"We thought you would like to join us. And we could teach you, train you. You could go out and meet people, we'll feed you-" Battery starts

"Water you, take you for walks, teach ya tricks." Only to be interrupted by Assault.

"Shut it." Battery. Time to mess with them again.
"So you two will be like my Mommy and Daddy?"

"NO!/Sure."

…

"What? Why not? Could give us some valuable experience." Assault says, wiggling his eyebrows.

"With you? Over my dead body."

"Mh, nah, I'm not a necrophile, I'd much rather have it over your very much alive body."

'Real smooth Casanova, real smooth."

I look back over to Battery only to pause as I see her blushing.

'WAIT THAT WORKED?'

As I am contemplating whether Assault has a master power, Kamil walks in from the front door talking to a guy who I don't care to describe.

"Just make sure it's done before the month is out. Okay? Thanks Jameson, you can have the rest of the day off, and if you see Weld, tell him to meet me here."

"Sure thing, he's probably in his room anyway." Nameless accountant man says as he walks off.

Looking over to us he smiles.

"So, what did I miss?"

Time to be a little gremlin.

"Assault is not a Nectopile." I say calmly, and eat another slice. I'm almost out of pizza.

Assault and Battery both go wide eyed and look from me, to each other, to Kamil.

…

"A what?"

"It's nothing." Assault shouts.

"Dragon, can you explain?"

"Assault was flirting with Battery again, poorly." 'Oof, called out by the A.I.'

"Assault if you were not our best chance in dealing with, recent additions, I'd have you confined to you room." 'I'm right here! And what do you mean 'Best chance' huh?'

"Yes DAD!"

"Boy if I was your father, I'd beat some sense into you, and then some just for the headaches you cause."

"Ooh, don't threaten me with a goo-"

*Splat*

I threw a slice of pizza at his face.

"What was that for?!"

"I'unno, I thought Battery was gonna hit you again and wanted to do it first." I just wanted and excuse to throw food at him.

"Well, she's not wrong."

"Et tu? Battery"

As it looks like Assault and Battery were about to go at it again Kamil interrupts, raising his voice.

"Did you make the offer?!"

"We were, getting to it sir, then this idiot started running his mouth and started making it sound like we were offering to either adopt her as our daughter, or our dog."

Kamil then looks to Assault. Assault just looks away. I grab my last piece of pizza.

"*Sigh* Kitsu, would you like to live here?" Kamil asks.

"No." I know how corrupted and inefficient the PRT is. No way in hell am I putting myself in a gilded cage of red tape and PR deals. I wanna be able to actually make a difference. Not be paraded around the city as a mascot while constantly frustrated at being unable to do anything. In other words, I don't wanna end up like Vista.

…

…

…

"May I ask why not?"

"Don't wanna." I can't really say why. I'll look like a nutjob and then they'll throw me into the birdcage on principle.

"We can't let you leave unsupervised."

"Why not?"

"YOU'RE A CHILD!" Battery was the one to shout this time.

"Don't yell at me!"

'Time to think. I need a way out of here, I doubt they'll let me leave, at all really. I AM a child, a superpowered child at that. I, may an idea, if this works, I'm calling bullshit on the universe.'

"How about a bet?"

-PRT Training Room, Arena-

'BULLSHIT!'

That actually worked, the deal is, I beat Assault and Battery, plus a third unknown cape, and I get to leave. I loose, and I become their newest Ward. From what I've pieced together, they think I have a sort of grab-bag combo of illusions, invulnerability, and a power charge similar to Battery.

Faced against each other in a large metallic room. Assault and Battery about fifty feet in front of me. On the upper level there is a window where Kamil is watching us.

"Are you sure about this kid? The wards are nice, you'll be safe, and all the pizza you could ever want!" Assault says.

"Shut up and fight old man!"

"I'm not old, I'm 17!"

"Bet you're bald under the helmet!"

"You little-"

*Kzzzt* BEGIN

Not even wasting a second Battery glows blue, jumps back and launches off of Assault who spring boards her forward. After which not half a second later he launches himself forward at the same speed.

'Redirected kinetic energy, right, so long as he is aware of the impact, he can redirect the force.'

As Battery rapidly approaches and soccer kicks me, I fly back, the thing is, I can choose whether or not I get knocked back, and just no saling them from the start will force them to get creative, and if they do that, I can't absorb any energy.

"WAAAaaaah!" Not long after I get launched into the air, Assault jumps over Battery and down hooks me, launching me back down and into the ground. Not gonna lie, that hurt.

"Give up kid, we're stronger, faster, and smarter. Might as well save yourself the pain." This time it was Battery.

"Old! LADY!"

"That's not gonna-"

"You need to go on a diet!"

…

"I'm gonna kill a kid."

She glows again and runs forward, only for Assault to grab her by the arm and SWING HER LIKE A HAMMER HOLY SHIT! I can't help but think about how cool this is as Battery dropkicks down on my face. I'm actually driven further into the ground. She jumps off, and stands next to me. Looking up I see Assault walk over to stand next to her.

"Does this mean we win?" He asks looking over to Battery. Perfect.

"I twist my body to launch myself by my hands, enhancing my strength to outright blast myself into dropkicking Assault in the face. Feeling a satisfy crunch I cut of the energy, I don't wanna kill the guy.

"Aach, you brope my nobse!"

"Sneak Attack!" I shout. Before I can gloat further, I get sucker punched by Battery. Effectively cartwheeling me across the room and into a wall.

'Why am I constantly being put into things?!'

"Can't believe you let a little girl get you."

"Shub up!"

I break out of the wall, a little dizzy from the airborne cartwheel. Running forward I punch Battery and launch her across the room. Or at least I tried to, Assault grabbed he arm and set her down.
'Imma need to get creative here.' Stealing something I saw from Overlord, the anime. I turn and make an illusion of my arm punching Assault, while I actually punch Battery. I can't turn myself invisible, not yet.

"Ack!"

"What?" Assault is understandably shocked as the upper body of me shatters like glass to reveal I actually punched Battery. Not willing to give him a chance I close my eyes and flash bright lights in his face.

"Kitsu used flash!"

"What-Aach, SHIT!"

'Super effective'

I then run around him, jump on his back, and wrap myself around him and start choking him out.

"Ack!"

He starts thrashing around and throws himself back to headbutt me.

'Sorry buddy, but compared to electrocuting myself this is nothing! Still hurts like a bitch.' Because my nose can't break, it feels like a stubbed toe, on my face.

I look over to see Battery is actually getting up.
'Damnit! I put enough force in that punch to crack concrete! She must have activated her power last second.'

"Damn, as much as I wanna see Assault get choked out by a little girl." Assault, still trying to throw me off, but slowing down, flips her the bird. "But this ends now!" She glows blue and I once again flash a bright light.

"AAaagh!"

'If it aint broke, don't fix it.' I think as she stops her charge.

And Assault just fainted. I'm not taking any chances so I hold on for another thirty seconds. I don't put it past him to fake it. Battery recovers, glows blue and charges, I hold my hand up and start to make it light up with an illusion. She closes her eyes but doesn't stop her charge. I cut off the light and let her hit me. Only this time I crouch and don't allow knockback. She hits me like a goes down like a leg sweep, faceplanting and scorpion posing before collapsing in a heap, unconscious.

I stand back up and look to the unconscious Assault and Battery.

…

"I WIN!" I yell, throwing my hands up.

Director Kamil Armstrong POV

…

"Dragon."

"Yes sir?"

"What in the nine hells did I just witness. Because it looks like two of our best Wards, who are about to graduate and be sent to Brockton Bay as official Protectorate Capes might I add, just got trounced by what appears to be a Six-year-old little girl."

"That's because, that's exactly what happened sir."

This was not his week.

"Why?"

"If I may speculate, it appears she may have a Thinker ability." Just his luck.

"What makes you say that?"

"Well, in my time with Kitsu, she has shown extreme levels of understanding when compared to others of her age, along with inconsistencies in her sentence structure, she may be instinctively activating a Thinker power, possibly a high 2 or low 3. I believe it is an ability that allows her to learn at an accelerated rate when activated, it would also explain the brief periods in which she zones out, she could be processing the information in she gains."

"So we have, Mover, Brute, Breaker, Thinker?"

"It would appear so. Should, should I send him in?" I honestly didn't think it come to this.

"Might as well, and prepare foam the foam sprayers."

"Sir?"

"We cannot allow and individual with such a powerset to be let loose in the world unsupervised, If she were older, we could negotiate here being an independent. But with her being so young that simply isn't in the cards."

"Of course sir."

"Wait. Why is she?"

Kitsu POV

After I got done posing the two unconscious lovebirds and laughing to myself. I just positioned them so that Assault is against the wall, and Battery is sideways in his lap with her head resting on his shoulder, also, she drools.

"WAKE UP!"

"Humf, Wha."

"Mmmh"

It takes a good few seconds for them to realize their position. Battery looks absolutely mortified, while Assault just smirks.

"Hey babe, enjoy your seat?"

*Smack*

I don't know if she's tsundere, or just genuinely hates him at this point in time. Either way watching this go down is better that any daytime television.

'Certainly better than the Kardashians.'

*KCHHT*

'Hm?' turning to look at the new comer I think I peed my pants a little in excitement.

"ROBOCOP!"

…

"Pfft" Assault can't keep a straight face.

"I'm Armsmaster." 'Oh, that was more disapointing'

"Oh, who are you?" I said this cuz I know he has an ego, and I wanna mess with him, get him mad. And it works as his mouth, which is the only visible part of him, develops a frown.

"I am this PRT's premier and most efficient cape."

"What does that mean?" I ask.

"It means that you are about to lose."

'He even sounds like lame version of RoboCop.'

"Lame!"

"We're wasting time. Assault, Battery, leave now." He says.

"Right/Yes sir!" They hop up and rush out of the room.

"Are they gonna clean the room first?"

"No need, this will be over soon enough."

'Dick.'

*Kzzt* "Begin"

He pulls out his halberd and gets into a ready stance, but otherwise does nothing.

…

…

"Are you gonna?" I ask.

"I am aware of your breaker state, and I would be foolish to attack when you expect it."

'I mean he's wrong about the breaker part but-'

Whatever thought I had was interupted as he rushes forward and swings his halberd at my midsection.

*Kncht*

Only for the halberd to shatter against me.

…

"Mlnnn" I stick my tongue out at him.

*Chink*

He punched me in the face! Dick! At least his gauntlet broke.

"HOW!"

"I'm better than you. RoboCop knockoff"

I wind up my arm and slam into him with more force than he hit me with, sending him flying back and crashing through the doors.

…

"I WIN AGAIN!"

*Alarm Blaring*

Red lights start flashing throughout the room as hose turrets pop out of the ceiling and start shooting containment foam at me.

'WHAT THE SHIT FUCK?!"

Running through the doors I dodge as Armsmaster, who is getting off the ground, gets hit with the containment foam. Enhancing by speed, strength, and perception. I start barreling through the corridors, tearing through the doors like tissue paper, ironically enough the brief feedback of force from slamming into the doors is fueling me ever so slightly. Not enough to create a full feedback loop. But enough to edge me on ever so slightly. I actually fall into the whole enhanced issue, where I am going so fast that I can't recognize anything other than 'Person Move!' and 'Door Keep Going!'

After what felt like ten minutes of running, I make my way out of the building and run. And I keep running for what feels like another two minutes before I run out of energy and ragdoll across the ground, sore and utterly exhausted, turning to my back, I look up at the night sky, and laugh sardonically.

'Y'know, if it weren't for the fights, I would have never had the energy to run out of there.'

[Affirmation]

'Yeah, we did it [Conduit], we did it, we're free to do what ever I want.'

[Indignation]

'You already got what you want, you're here experiencing a [Cycle]. Now you get to experience as a lowly biologically life form uses your power irresponsibly and for her own gain til' she dies a horrible death, like most shards get to experience.'

[Iteration- I regret everything]

'Huh, that's new' I think before I pass out.

BONUS SCENE

Kamil Armstrong POV

What an absolute shit show. First their best and brightest upcoming Wards were defeated, then their best Protectorate got absolutely STOMPED. Now he's busy writing a massive report about the tens of thousands of dollars in damages he doesn't know the exact number, but he saw the report, saw it started with an 8 and had four zeroes behind it, and but it down before he started crying in frustration.

"Dragon."

"Yes sir?"

"You edited the security files right?"

"To make it look like a Tinker had hacked into the software system, causing a glitch that set the entire building on high alert, foaming everyone not recognized as an employee? All to save your ass in the report about how it was actually YOU who ordered the security response? Yes I did, and hope you understand that after that I am requesting a formal transfer." She sounded a mix of disappointed and pissed.

Of course she was. Between that, Armsmaster transferring to Brockton Bay to lead the Wards over there, and the morale hit Assault and Battery took, he was quickly losing his best Capes to one thing or another.

"I understand, can you at least tell me if we learned anything?" Hopefully this wasn't a complete loss.

"I have two prevailing theories, though with Kitsu gone to who knows where, we have no way of confirming either." She tells me.

"What are they?"

"My first thought is that she has an adaptive breaker state, one that gets stronger the more she fights." She informs.

"Like Lung?!" Oh god that was not something he wanted to hear. "What evidence do you have for this?"

"In the beginning of the fight between Battery and Assault, anytime she was hit she flew back due to the force of the blow. However, towards the end she showed a resistance to knockback, and even started to hit harder. Then with the fight with Col-Armsmaster, he hit her full force with his halberd, I've record of that weapons parameters, It should not have broken, if it was energy absorption, then it would have stopped, and if it was simple invulnerability, it should have only chipped at most while knocking her back at least a little. But instead it shattered, as did his armor when he went to punch her. And then there was when she punched him."

"I saw that, he flew through the arena doors, those are meant to hold a Brute 6 level of force. Is Armsmaster okay by the way?" I ask.

"Aside from a bruised ego, abdomen, and five broken ribs, he'll be fine." She tells me.

"Good."

"Moving on, she got better at fighting, AS, the fight went on. Either she was holding back, or she got stronger during the fight." Makes sense, he saw the same things she did, she was being tossed around like a ragdoll in the beginning, only to one hit knock down one of their best not five minutes later.

"And your other theory?" I ask.

"Precognitive Thinker." She says simply.

What?

"Why do you say that?"

"Sir, if her goal was to leave here, then everything that happened was as she intended it to be, from challenging Assault and Battery, to egging Armsmaster on. She even seemed to know that blunt force wouldn't work on assault, as she blinded him and then proceeded to choke him out rather than hit him even once. If she deployed the same tactics against Battery then I would believe it a coincidence. But no, she tailored her attacks to take him out, avoiding his abilities, before even knowing what he could do." Dragon informs.

"So your telling me we either have Lung in a little girls body, or master strategist with precognition?" I ask for clarification.

"Until I know more? Yes."

…

"Damn it"

A/N okay, got through a bit here. Things will speed up from here expect a massive time skip. And Dragon is not far off with her first theory, Kitsu is very similar to Lung. Big difference in powers here is that Lung ramps up with exposure to conflict, while Kitsu ramps up with exposure to force, the difference here is that, Lung? You just have to be nearby, if he recognizes you as an active combatant, then he will get stronger, continuously. Kitsu? If you don't attack her, then she is only as strong a little girl can be. She also can't store energy indefinitely as it will leak out little by little over time.
Also, after reading TheDarkWolfShiro's fic The Tinker, I got some inspiration for adding other characters into this series. I'm thinking of adding other heroes like the Incredibles into this series, as well as others like RoboCop. I think it would be a nice addition though I'm not sure.
Hope you guys enjoyed!


I am taking a break after that
Crossposting on here is tiring
I'll just post a chapter or two a day from here on out until i'm caught up
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Vahzal Haal Rah, Dapperlurker and 683 others
Newb to the game
Mar 8, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 5
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#19
Also, heads up this chapter features a major time skip.
.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
*Sounds/actions*
.

.

.

-Eagleton, Tennessee, 2010 March-

.

This place is kinda like a miniature New York really, without the access to the sea. And thank God for that cause if the Machine Army had access to the sea, well, no amount of quarantine would work really. I'm currently on top of a ten-story building just using a Jailbroke tinker-tech cellphone to browse PHO while humming Bullet by Hollywood Undead.

I've used my limited Shapeshifting to make myself physically 12, and stopped it there, no periods for me! Nuh uh, I had three sisters and know they can range from, I stubbed my toe and it's not going away, to, my stomach is burning. And I want no part of that.

I currently look like a short golden haired Irida from Pokémon: Legends Arceus, even wearing her outfit just with less puffy bracelets. With Slitted eyes, slightly extended canines, and fox ears and a tail. Still short, at 4 foot 6 inches. I thought about making myself taller, but the growing pains are a bitch! I'm happy being the adorable little menace that I am. That being said the Empire 88 have NOT stopped trying to recruit me, with my fair skin, blue-green eyes, and golden hair, I am text book for their, everything I want nothing to do with. I even ended up kicking Hookwolf in the dick last time I was near Brockton Bay. He wasn't targeting me, or even aware I was there until I did anything, it was more of a 'In case you forgot my stance on neo-Nazi's' sort of thing.

I've actually become rather infamous over the last five years. Firstly, my breakout from the PRT HQ in Boston was very public, what with the alarms and me literally tearing the building a new colon. Then there's the fact that I've actually shown up for an Endbringer attack, not intentionally, Behemoth literally popped out of nowhere ten miles from San Francisco. I joined because I was asleep and a Cape with a weird teleporting power just threw everyone with a power at the thing. I found out that day, that I am a natural anti-Behemoth, everything he threw at me, from lightning, trying to internally combust me, and even straight up punching me. All of it just fueled my power. I ended up creating hundreds of hard light blade illusions, I make em' look like Skyrim glass swords, just slicing away at the beast, and when that got tedious said 'fuck it' and full force punched its head off. Turns out it can still fight with its head missing, that was new. After that I got a reputation of being able to go toe to toe with Endbringers. I will admit after the combustion trick Behemoth pulled, I had to use illusions to hide my nakedness.

People started calling me the Endstopper. Dumb name. Then people remembered that Lung did the same thing in Kyushu with Leviathan, and so I was called The Endstopper Child, and Lung, The Endstopper Dragon. He even messaged me on PHO thanking me for helping him get the recognition he deserved. It wasn't structured well and it took me a minute to understand because, well, Lung no engrish well.

Even been to Elisburg, believe it or not. Nilbog is actually rather nice! So long as you play along with his delusions. I put on shows and plays with my illusions for his subjects, and pop over to give him food from time to time because I feel bad for him. He even calls me the errant princess, 'as only one of high nobility can possess such valor and strength, enough to drive off the Behemoth.' His words, not mine. I've even run into the Faerie Queen, I cannot for the life of me pronounce her real name, so I won't even try. She called me the Foreign Jester. Yeah I avoid her at all costs now. It also turns out that I don't need to avoid Capes as much as I thought I did. Scion is so depressed that unless he is near a shard, as well as me, he's unlikely to notice me. I'm still avoiding Jack Slash until I find a way to kill him.
I also beat the living shit out of twenty something year old girl in Dallas, she tried model herself after me, using her own illusion powers to make herself look like an older me, and then tried to copyright my image. She almost won too. I took exception to that.

Most people know I'm not a bad person, just a homeless, penniless, Case 53 trying to make their way in the world. Who also has the power to single handedly take on an Endbringer. Honestly, if it were the Simurgh I had to fight, I would have rather run. I just got lucky, if it were Leviathan, then at best I would survive. My powers have grown, I can create expansive and complex illusions now, they're still only as strong as reinforced glass, though that changes as I absorb more and more energy. And I noticed that if I wear a coat and put a hat on, no one notices me unless I call attention to myself, that does also include shopping though, as I need to grab another person's attention to pay for stuff, self-check-out hasn't been invented yet.

Oh! And I found this Earth-Bet is a crossover! The Incredibles are real! They operate out of Seattle. They're like the northeast New Wave and honestly if I met Mr. Incredible I would probably fangirl and ask for an autograph. RoboCop is real too, lives in Detroit, he's an Armor Brute, not a tinker. He is the ONLY cop cape, like, he had a place in the Detroit police before he triggered, and never left, refusing to join the PRT. Stating that he is needed to keep the streets safe. This is probably the only universe where Detroit is one of the safest cities in the U.S.
There are more, just none I can think off of the top of my head.

I'm also apparently labeled a possible S-Class threat, mainly because of the Behemoth fight, the one that lasted a whole of 45 minutes, as opposed to several hours of attempting to evacuate the cities and preparing for the area's eventual destruction. And, according to Wade, my tinker friend in the chair guy, the PRT shit bricks anytime I show up, constantly scared I'll just turn villain and decide today is the day to wreak havoc.

*Chnk* *Chnk*

'Oh right, I almost forgot about that.' The whole reason I'm in Eagleton is the massive Machine Army underneath me. I intend to destroy it, should be a nice little challenge. I have a decent amount of energy store up. As a spider drone marches up to meet me it fires a laser immediately, making me smile as I absorb it.

"This'll be fun." I say putting my phone in my back pocket, running over and smashing it, I give no reprieve as I jump down the building, taking multiple laser shots as I fall and do a superhero landing.

"Ow, ow, ow!" Still hurts. Never could figure out how to mute the pain of impacts.

As I am recovering from that, multiple drones start shooting me. My absorption field only extends about an inch from my body, not enough to siphon energy, but enough keep my clothes from being destroyed. Hey don't judge me, these are custom! Anyway, I just stand here and absorb the shots, letting myself build up before the big finish.

"Alright I think that's enough!"

[You think]

Oh yeah [Conduit]. He's been learning to transmit like a human.

'Sarcastic ass'

[Affirmation]

He honestly doesn't appear often, mostly content to observe and give the occasional comment.

"Right then. Let's get started!" I start creating hard-light glass shards, they're not durable, but with enough energy and concentration I can fold the layers of the illusions over and over, increasing their resilience. I basically back doored a way to cast Cloud of Daggers. Perhaps the deadliest version but still. I can't really do that with anything other than simple shapes, but still I shred the opposing drones. I then send the cloud to swish around with my hand movements, for no other reason than it looks cool. Slicing and shredding through drones, these things honestly aren't that smart. I send the cloud into a building and watch as the thing starts crumbling. This is all just training for me. To see how well I can use this move.

"This is quickly getting boring."



-Several Hours Later-



So, it turns out that these things are VERY stupid. Like if they had any intelligence programmed into them, it was Leroy Jenkins. The only danger they really posed was in their numbers. I am tired and this has been a massive disappointment.

"Honestly, if they wanted to clear this place out, they could've just nuked it." Not the healthiest mindset, but I've almost flattened all of Eagleton at this point, and I am left wanting for more. After taking selfies in the wreckage and uploading them to PHO, so the PRT can't take credit, I just continue to the quarantine wall. The guards up top have just been staring slack jawed. Honestly, I would too, I am pretty awesome, and cute too!

I walk up to the wall and jump up the twenty or so feet of concrete and sit on the railing. I point to the one with the most stars on his badge.

"Hi!"

"H-Hi th-there, h-how can I help you." He stutters.

"I'unno, just thought I'd say hi!" I still like messing with people. And I quickly learned that the PRT shit bricks when I'm around, they see me as the second coming of Lung, only they know where he stands. Me? I've literally gone out of my way to attack PRT officers who have pissed me off. Why? Because I can. I also steal because I am perpetually homeless, jobless, and penniless. According to Wade, their standing orders when dealing with me are 'Do Not Provoke.'

"Um, hi?" He repeats.

"You already said hi." I point out.

"Bye?" He tries.

…

"Okay. You all can go home now; the machine army is dead and Eagleton is free! Bye now!" I hop down onto the walkway of the wall, across to the other side and jump down. After walking up to a PRT van and hopped onto the back bumper. And waved bye to them.





Parahumans Online
You are currently logged in: ToyFoxy
You are currently viewing:
*Threads
*Tagged Threads
*Kitsu (25k+)
Topic: Kitsu at it again
IN: Boards Location America Eagleton
Original Poster: Bagrat (Verified) (Veteran Member) (The Guy In The Know)
Posted On March 5th 2010
So apparently Eagleton, you know, S-class Quarantine site, been that way for about as long as some capes have been born? It's gone now. Kitsu was posting up a storm earlier on her account of the destruction she wrought. Apparently it was "Boring as all heck, but I finish what I start."
Link ToyFoxy-Profile-Post-ADayInEagleton

(Showing page 1 of 523)

Man of the hour (Verified) (PRT Agent)
Replied on March 5th 2010

I was there, it was both humbling and ABSOLUTELY TERRIFYING To watch a little girl decimate the entire city when all we could do before was contain it. Like seriously what are we supposed to do?

Nod
Replied on March 5th 2010

WTF! I knew she solo'd Behemoth but srsly?

Athonic
Replied on March 5th 2010

You mean she "allegedly" Solo'd Behemoth.

Valkyr (Verified) (Wiki Warrior)
Replied on March 5th 2010

What? She can make ACTUAL daggers now? The ones she used against Behemoth did nothing. Gotta add that to the wiki.

Wytchmlj
Replied on March 5th 2010

What else can she do? She went head on against an Endbringer, can now summon daggers like a discount Shattterbird, run fast enough to put velocity to shame, and punch hard enough to put lung to shame.

ToyFoxy (Verified Cape) (Case 53)
Replied on March 5th 2010

DISCOUNT?!

Wytchmlj
Replied on March 5th 2010

I'm sorry.

GlitzGlam (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied on March 5th 2010

Honestly, I don't know what to think, on the one hand she does a lot of good like this and isn't afraid to attach her face to her deeds, on the other she has no oversite and is known to steal.

Tdren
Replied on March 5th 2010

If she can clear out the Quarantine sites and fend off the Enderbringers then I say let her be a thief! Small price to pay and it's likely less than we're paying the PRT in taxes

GlitzGlam (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied on March 5th 2010

That's not the point.

XxVoid_CowboyxX
Replied on March 5th 2010

This was just to test out a new power I'm telling you! And mark my words, Kitsu is not benevolent, she's just self-serving, if she thinks it would be fun, she'd torture someone! Oh sure, now she's clearing out Quarantine sites and holding back Endbringers. But the next thing you know, BAM! Turns out she's actually an adult in a little girl's body abusing her pretty privilege!

Antigone
Replied on March 5th 2010

There's the resident nutjob.

Chaosfaith
Replied on March 5th 2010

Bro, do u evn hear urself?

ToyFoxy (Verified Cape) (Case 53)
Replied on March 5th 2010

He's right XP

XxVoid_CowboyxX
Replied on March 5th 2010

PROOF! PROOF! SHE ADMITS IT!

Tin_Mother (Moderator)
Replied on March 5th 2010

Please don't encourage him.

(End of page 1 of 523)



I love this website.






-Brockton Bay, U.S. March, 2010 Early Morning-




Do you any idea how hard it is to hitchhike all the way from one region to another? I had to kill a guy who thought he could 'Take payment' from me! I AM A CHILD, perverts, everywhere. Everyone online is speculating on my Glass Wind ability, yes that is what I called it. I can't do it at that level normally, in order to create an illusion, I have to envision it, so for Glass Wind, I need to imagine every shard, and every layer of every shard, all at once. Just clearing that up.

As I reach the boat graveyard, I think.

'If the PRT REALLY wants good PR, why not have their Wards clean up the bay? Everyone knows the Wards are all but useless because they keep them in the safe areas, unable to actually help.

I have an illusion on myself, making me look like a strung-out junkie everyone. What, it's literally the only thing that would fit in.

'Close enough to canon to have fun, far enough to not worry.' I think merrily. 'I've been waiting five years for this!' I can't mess with Sophia or Emma yet. Otherwise, Taylor won't Trigger. What I can do however is provide support after Taylor triggers to prevent her from turning villain. And torment the ever-living FUCK! Out of Sophia and Emma, maybe Madison too.

I'd clean this place up in my free time, but I'm too lazy. Maybe if the world survives the Gold Morning, I'll look into fixing this place up.

"No! Please!" I hear from the side.

Looking over I see a woman being dragged into an alleyway across the street. Now, I'm a simple gal, if I see something I dislike, I do something about it. So with that in mind I walk across the street, let a car hit me shattering the illusion around myself, absorbing the impact I continue my way, not caring about the driver. He looked fine, what with how he was gawking at me. That will never get old.

Walking up to the man who was unzipping his pants, I create a Glass Sword and stab.

"AARGH! MY BALLS!" He cries in pain.

I missed, so I stab again!

"MY DICK! WHO-?!" Turning around I grin up at him.

"Hi, I'm Kitsu! If you rush to the hospital, you MIGHT not bleed out. But those are mine now." I point to the severed bits. And send multiple Glass Daggers at them, absolutely shredding them.

Looking at me in fear, and likely pissing himself, he runs off hold his crotch.

Well, that was fun. I start to walk off, the woman having ran away as soon as I stabbed him the first time. Wondering around I see just how bad the docks are, and let me tell ya, this is bad. I genuinely have no way to describe this. How did Daniel Hebert keep the dock workers union running, WITH NO DOCKS?! Truly that guy must work miracles.

Aside from the would-be rapist, nothing is really happening. I have a little energy left so I jump to the fire escape on one of the buildings and climb to the roof.

'Y'know I thought this would be a bit more, I dunno, Cinematic? Turns out a pile of shit only looks marginally better from the top.'
As I'm thinking this, I see a yellow blue fly across the sky in the distance.

...

"I wonder if the Dallons are home?" 'Mark needs a friend, and the less said about his toxic wife the better'


-Later that day-




Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV


Another day, that's what today is, just another day of waiting for something to happen, nothing to watch on TV, and the girls wouldn't be home till later. Did he forget his medicine again? Oh well, too late to take it now. He'll start his medication routine tomorrow morning.

Maybe he should join Vicky in her patrols? No, she wouldn't want her old man chaperoning her dates with Dean. He wasn't stupid, he has access to PHO and she is constantly trending with her on again off again dance with the boy. Besides he hardly goes on patrol anymore he'd be too rusty and just slow her down, she's doing fine on her own. Maybe he should just take nap-

*Click*

'What was that?!' he thought. Years of Cape activities sending his body on high alert as the sound of the front door closing made its way to his ears.

'Carol won't be home for a few hours, Vicky goes straight to patrol and comes back whenever, and Amy won't be home till sundown.' His Mind quickly running through what could be.

"Carol, sweetie? Did you make it home early?"


'Not good' He thinks to himself.

He goes to get up when a flash of light on the coffee table blinded him.

"It's your own personal frie-OOW"

*Crash*

Before he could think he blasted whatever appeared on the table in front of him, sending it into the wall, through the TV.

'Damn it!' Carol was gonna be pissed.

"Why do I keep ending up in walls?" A little girl says.

"Huh?" A little girl throws herself out of the wall and stands back on the coffee table staring down at me angrily, hands on her hips.

"Grrr. What was that for?! Do you just blast every guest that comes by?! No wonder you're in here alone!" She looks familiar. With pale skin, dandelion hair and sea green eyes.

'Wait, are the cat ears? Oh no.' What was an S-Class threat doing in his house?! On his coffee table?! Yelling at him?!

"Well? What do you have to say for yourself!" She demands.

"I'm sorry?" He says unsure. Shit, Kitsu was known to be unpredictable, highly intelligent, capable of reasoning like an adult sometimes, and becoming a full child at other times. 'Then again ninety percent of capes are unstable in one form or another.'

"Better." She seemed placated for now, he needed to call the PRT.

"Sooo, watcha doin?" She jumped into a cross legged sitting position on the coffee table.

"Uh, Watching TV?" What was happening?

"You mean that TV?" She said pointing to the hole in the wall.

"Yep."

...

"I'm not paying for that."

"Okay?"

"..." She smiled at him.

"..." He looked at her.

She then got the biggest shit eating grin he could ever remember seeing

"I want to play a game!"





-That Afternoon-




Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV


Another day, another asshole who decided shoving a lightbulb up his asshole wouldn't end badly. Then there was the guy who was missing his entire crotch, had like three STD's and four different drugs running through his system. Kept wailing about a little demon cutting his dick off. Vicky picked her up and is carrying her home, so that was nice.

'I really hate my life sometimes.' I think as I approach the open the door to my house.

"You need a break, Ames." And here we go again.

"I'm FINE." She was NOT in the mood for this back and forth.

"I just worry about you Ames, you have no life outside of school and the hospital. You need to do more! Get out more! Maybe meet a nice guy?"

"I said I'M FINE!" Opening the door she-

"PANPAN!"

Looking up she sees something that nearly makes her heart stop. There, waving at her, Kitsu, the Endstopper Child herself. Is sitting at my family's kitchen table, playing monopoly with a happy Mark, and a nervous wreck of a woman, Carol.

"Wuh?"






BONUS




Director Emily Piggot POV


"This again? Collin, I understand she is dangerous." I say to the armored man.

"Then all the more reas-" Armsmaster started

"BUT! I will not risk provoking possibly one of the most dangerous individuals this side of the planet for your grudge match against a little girl."

"Ma'am, with all due respect, Kitsu is-" He tries.

"A little girl. One who might I remind you, is erratic, intelligent, and most of all, capable of fighting off Behemoth!" I remind him.

"Director I-"

"DISMISSED, Armsmaster" as Armsmaster walks out I can't help but think about what this might mean for the future.

Ever since Kitsu was confirmed in the docks, castrating rapists no less, Collin has thrown himself against the wall with ideas of how to stop her. Stop her from what exactly? That was the point.


Armsmaster has had grudge against Kitsu ever since he beat her five years ago. And I am NOT about to fuel that. I have enough on my plate with the Shadow Stalker hunt, an underaged vigilante killing gangbangers is not something this city needs.

On top of that Canary's Kangaroo court trial is about to begin later this month, honestly I feel for the girl. But there is nothing I could do. I just has to arrange transport.

Purity is waging a one-woman war against the ABB. And losing.

And to top it all off there's a new group of small-time thieves, entirely para-human too.

And now Kitsu the Endstopper was in Brockton Bay. Great, never mind the fact that Kitsu and the Empire 88 have bad blood, well it was one sided but still. I do not for one second believe Kitsu, with her history, would not pick a fight with someone by the end of the month, my money is on the Empire really. They will not leave her alone, she was a poster child for Aryan heritage, young and likely impressionable, not to mention powerful. And Kitsu has shown time and time again she was not above hurting someone to say no.

Personally, I believe anyone who's friends with that monster Nilbog is unstable at best, and downright deranged at worst.

As I am stuck contemplating the absolute shit show this next month was gonna be, Miss Militia runs into her office.

"What now!" I shout.

"Ma'am, there's an emergency at the Dallon house." She says.

"What is it this time? Gallant and Glory Girl break up again?" If it was that? Gallant was getting console duty for a month. He should know by now to keep his private business just that, private and away from her.

"Glory Girl is facing off against Kitsu ma'am."






A/N In case no one got it, Wade is a reference to Kim Possible. I've decided I am going to add characters like The Incredibles, Static Shock (one of my personal favorites), Danny Phantom, and others, Cuz they actually fit into the Worm narrative very well. Might even add some MHA characters like Pop Step, Gentle & La Brava, Personally I always LOVED Gentle and La Brava, I really can't wait for them to return in the anime.

Also, I hope I portrayed Mark well enough; I tried channeling my own depression into my writing but everyone experiences depression differently, my own family is evidence of the fact, I just get tired and can't really be bothered to do anything, my mother gets hysterical in anger and frustration, my dad gets angry and apathetic. Most people don't realize that depression is not about being sad, it's about a difficulty or even an inability to be happy.
On a better note. We are now closer to canon! YAY! If you guys have any questions let me know! As always I will try to post regularly, but I'm just writing a little every day and posting when I feel it's at a good stopping point.

Sorry
Reviews push me to publish
Last edited: Mar 9, 2024
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Vahzal Haal Rah, Isiri Pudireach and 659 others
Newb to the game
Mar 8, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 6
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#33
Now then, on with the show!
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-Dallons house-




"PANPAN!" I loved Panacea in the series, she was such a tragic character whose internal struggle broke my heart. In such a way that I REALLY wanna see her have a happier ending in this world. She might even be able to resolve her sister love issues! Unlikely but I wanna see her happy.

Not to mention her power is versatile as hell. I know she modifies cigarettes with her power to make them safe. I wanna see what else she could do. My own bio kinesis is similar, but doesn't come with nearly as intrinsic an understanding of biology as I'd hope, just lets me see into the body, that's it. No making my own Pokémon, unfortunately.

I see her very visible confusion and Victoria, aka Glory Girl, behind her. Now that could be me being here in general, or, yeah just me being here.

"Wuh?" She says intelligently.

"A-Amy, h-how are you? Th-this is Kitsu, you know Kitsu right? Hyper powerful Cape? Currently in our house?" Carol looked ready to start crying in frustration. Mainly because I refused to do ANYTHING she said. Little control freak.

'Nothing pisses off a control freak more, than something they can't control.' I think mischievously. I know the reason Carol is the way she is, is because of unresolved trust issues and an unresolved Stockholm syndrome. But one's own trauma is no excuse to perpetuate a cycle of abuse. In this case it's neglect and an over-controlling nature.

"Ames? Whats going on?" Vicky tries to look over Amy's shoulder.

"Oh, it's the collateral damage barbie doll!" 'Did I say that out loud? Oops.'

"Excuse me?!" She says offended.

"You are excused. Wanna play? We can start over, I'm the top hat, you can't have it, it's mine. Are you okay with that Mark?"

"You just wanna start over because you're losing." He says with a smirk. He's really been enjoying himself; I think I remind him of a younger Victoria, you know?

"Mark!" Carol whisper shouts, she been on eggshells around me.

"Lies and slander! I swear upon the, uh, a plague! For such insincere words!" I curse at him.

"What the fuck is going on here?" Amy asks.

"Language!" That was me.

"English, now answer the question." Oh, I love her more than I thought I would.

"Ames, Amy darling." I think I broke Carol. "We, are playing a nice peaceful game of monopoly. With Kitsu, and apparently Kitsu would like you to join." She really stressed peaceful there.

"Please! More people, more fun!" I beg.

"Okay, now why are you here?" Amy asks.

"I'm bored." I answer.

"Really?" She asks, unbelieving of my words.

"Well that and I wanna be your friend." I say again.

"... What?" She says incredulously.

"Friend, you know? Hang out, do each other's nails, talk about cute boys, or girls, I don't judge." I say cheekily.

"Okay I've had enough here, you're obviously doing something nefarious, stop it and get out of my house." To absolutely NO ONES surprise that was Victoria.

"Nefarious? How?" I ask.

"One, My mother is a wreck and has clearly been taken hostage. And two, my dad looks happy! He's never happy!" She points out.

'WOW. Tell a cripple they're in a wheelchair why dontcha?'

"Hey!" 'Yeah! Stand up for yourself Mark!'

"Dad, not now." Vicky says, not taking her eyes off me.

I know Glory Girl is supposed to be hot headed, but damn she just put down her family.

"You're mean." I'm still playing the part of a child.

"And you're done here leave or else." Vicky says. Her aura leaking out.

"I just wanted to play games!" I defend.

"I'll play games, how about tag!" She rushes forward and clocks me in the face.

'Bitch!'

"Aaaagh!" I fly back into the table.

"VICTORIA!/VICKY!" Practically everyone shouts.

Okay, I know I shouldn't, but I'm pissed. Getting up I narrow my eyes at Glory Hole and walk past her over to the door. Amy stepping aside.

"Good and stay out" She says floating and letting her Fuck Me/Fear Me Aura blast me.

I just open the door, turn around and grab her ankle, and throw her out of the house and onto the street.

"Good and stay out! Mlnn!" Sticking my tongue out at her at close the door at step to the side.

*Crash*

I grab her ankle as she crashes through the closed door. And throw here through again.

"Tag, you're it" I walk down the steps of their porch and follow after Victoria.


I would look intimidating, if I wasn't under five feet tall. She gets back up and rushing forward. I let her hit me. Absorbing the hit and not moving, again knockback only hits if I want it to.

"That it? That all you got?" She then starts to whale into me. I let her cause all its doing is fueling my power. It's actually starting to crater the ground slightly.

"WHY! WON'T! YOU! GO! DOWN!" She shouts between hits.

Grabbing her wrist I slam her into the ground and gut punch her before her shield can reactivate. Leaning down I whisper into her ear.

"Because I am what you pretend to be." This is one of those capes that I am a natural counter to. If she was smart, she could have cratered the ground around me and then collapsed the rubble on me. Or heck just grab me and throw me into the bay. No, instead she just kept punching, expecting me to go down eventually.

'How does Gallant put up with her? Must be her looks.'

"Why-" I start slamming her into the ground again and again. Like Hulk did to Loki.

*Alarm*

Before I can finish, a bunch of PRT vans pull up.

'Deja vu'

*VVRRRRRMMM*

'That's new.'

Turning to the sound, I see a familiar sight on a new bike, pull up.

"ROBOCOP!" I yell throwing my hands up in excitement.

"Armsmaster!" the man on the bike says angrily.

"Aaawww." I put my hands down. I knew that. I just love upsetting him.

"Hrmm. As annoying as ever"

"As ever? You make it sound like we meet all the time, we've met like, three? Four times?"

He proceeds to ignore me and turns to the officers stepping out. Making gestures to them as they nod and start to surround me.

"Will you come quietly?" He asks.

Huh people were coming out of their houses and watching now. I even see a phone or two recording.

"I won't be coming at all." He knew this. He turned his spear on and it sparked with electricity.

"Then let us get this over with." He says dramatically.

"This ought to be even more fun." I kick Glory Hole upwards.




Collin Wallis (Armsmaster) POV


It had been about a year since he encountered Kitsu. The overpowered child had been trapsing around the country, been seen everywhere from California, to New York. Breaking and entering, as well as breaking legs. She was a vigilante at best, and a criminal at worst. I will bring her in one way, or another.

"Will you come quietly?" I know she won't. But I have a plan of action. She is impervious to damage, but not pain, enough of it and she's known to pass out. That and she can't keep her strength up indefinitely. There was no evidence of that, but every power has its limit. I turn on the Static Inductor. It's an electrical transferring system made with a feedback loop between an inverter generator and an electromagnetic inductor. I'm rather proud of it actually.

"Then let us get this over with." I say.

"This ought to be even more fun." She grins menacingly and kicks Glory Girl across the street towards her house.

Now no longer needing to worry about a possible hostage I launch forward with the kinetic repulsors and swing my spear with my right. She ducks and I throw a left hook and she shatters.

'Damn it.'

"Behind you." She says in a sing song voice. Turning I see her sitting on a top a street lamp.

"Foam her!"

After the officers got a good three lobs at her I hear the tell-tale sound of glass shattering.

"What the hell jackasses!" The voice of Glory Girl rings out.

'Uh oh.'

Where Kitsu was, Glory Girl is now foamed and stuck to the top of the lamp. Looking over to confirm, I see that there is a Glory Girl in front of Dallon house on the sidewalk the Dallons in the background. Only it shatters to reveal Kitsu, sitting on the curb smiling, chin resting in her hands.

"Howsit goin?" She says.

I glare at her through the helmet and rush forward again and thrusting my spear.

"FOAM HER NOW!" That wasn't me. Turning I see me pointing at, me. And looking down I see a defeated Kitsu at my feet.

'More illusions!'

"Sir!" My men comply.

Before I can do anything, I get hit with the containment foam that was aimed at the what was likely a fake Kitsu.

As I lose mobility I hear more shattering, the Kitsu in front of me is gone, another one, likely the real one, is on the Dallon porch, even Dallons seem surprised. And his men were going into a panic.

'Fuck, Assault will never let him hear the end of this.'




Kitsu POV


That WAS fun! It was tricky, timing the illusions to match perception, first making Vicky invisible and an illusion of her at the same time, then making myself invisible with a decoy to stay behind, then making another decoy where the invisible Vicky was on top the lamppost. And then breaking the illusion of Vicky on the curb and creating another decoy immediately. And finally making Armsmaster Invisible as soon as he would have moved, allowing him to move to the decoy, and having a decoy of HIM stay behind and order the shot.

Layering illusions is hard, not as hard as folding them unless I make them tactile. But the difficulty is what makes it rewarding, I think. As soon as the fight started, I just walked over to the porch and no one noticed until the fight was over and I dropped all the illusion.

'That took about two thirds what I got from Vicky.' Illusions took more energy the complicated they got, it's why I usually stick to glass weaponry, or a single decoy. People tend to forget I can make illusions at all and attribute the daggers, shards, and other such things as a weird conjuring ability.

"That was fun" I say.

"How the hell?!" That was Amy.

"What?" I ask innocently.

"You, were, then you, huh?" She says. Understandably confused.

"You don't know? I can rewrite reality within a certain distance to me. The further away the weaker it gets." I'm bullshitting of course.

"Kitsu, honey." Mark said

What is with people following up my name with things like 'Honey' and 'Sweetie' when they're about to ask me stuff?

"Yes?" I ask.

"Why did you do this?" He asks in return.

"Do what?" I play dumb.

He fixes a glare at me.

"You know what." He says.

"..."

"She started it!" I say pointing to the foamed Victoria.

"And Armsmaster?" He asks.

"..."

"He started it!" I say pointing to the foamed RoboCop knockoff.

"*Sigh* Can you get Victoria down? Please?" He says sounding tired.

"Okay." I say pouting. Walking over to the lamppost that Victoria is foamed to. Throwing up the occasional glass pane to deflect the panicking officers launching containment foam at me.
I find it hard to refuse people who are nice to me.
I grab the base of the street light and break it free. Grabbing the wires to absorb as much of the energy from the electricity as I can before the surge protector shuts off the power.

"What? Hey what are-?!"

I then slam the light post into the ground, over and over, breaking of a little more of the foam until Victoria just shakes off onto the ground, still foamed, just no longer foamed to the post. Dropping the post I walk over and grab Vicky.

"When I get out of here, I'll make you pay for this!" She shouts, struggling and trying to break out of what is essential degradable concrete.

"No you won't." She can try, but unless she develops a brain and comes up with an actual plan outside of 'Vicky Smash!' I'll be fine.

"Here you go Mark." I say beaming a smile while holding Vicky out to him.

"Thank you Kitsu." He says with a smile.

Mark is getting a lot of weird looks; I think it's because I'm doing what he asks. I've never done what people ask of me, mainly because they usually upset me by either, one, threatening me, two, being people I genuinely don't like, i.e. The E88, or three, trying to bribe me to do more reprehensible things, like assassination. I refuse to kill for money, unless it's someone like Epstein, no, even then I'd do it for free.

"Can we play monopoly now?" I ask. That actually got a lot more weird looks directed at Mark.

"The uh, table is broke Kitsu." I forgot about that.

"Aw." I just slump and turn to leave. "Oh well, it was fun while it lasted, see you later Mark."

I wave good bye to them before I blitz down the sidewalk, looking for a pizza place. What? I'm hungry.



-Timeskip next day early morning PRT HQ Brockton Bay-




Director Emily Pigot POV


She lost the bet on who Kitsu would pick a fight with. And how long it would take.

Day one, Glory Girl.

And to make matters worse, before she could send Gallant, Assault, Vista, and Clockblocker.

Armsmaster Runs off as soon as he hears Miss Militia say Kitsu! She was prepared for Kitsu the moment she was reported near the area. Gallant, because he is good at calming people down. Assault, because he is the only person that Kitsu avoids fighting, for some reason always choosing to run away. Vista and Clockblocker, because if worse came to worse those two were a deadly combo. With Vista warping the ground so that Clockblocker can just reach out and touch someone, and then he just stops them with his temporal locking.

But no. Collin had a grudge match. And now she was seated across from the Dallons trying to sort this mess out.

"So to simplify, Kitsu showed up to your house, appeared on your coffee table, you blasted her through the wall, and then she asked to play board games?" I reiterate.

"Yes." Mark somehow said with a straight face.

"Truth." Armsmaster said from her side.

"Okay, then you, Carol, got home to them playing checkers, tried to kick Kitsu out, when she, thinking it was a game, began running around the house with you chasing her?" Mark just snorts, likely remembering the event.

"Yes." She said, looking like she swallowed a lemon.

"Truth."

"And then after you caught her, she you convinced her to stay still and play monopoly." I clarify.

"More, or less." She continues.

"Then you get home with your sister and pick a fight with possibly the single most dangerous and unpredictable parahuman currently alive.'' I point out.

"Nobody's invincible, just give me another shot at her and I-"

"You'll what?" I cut off the headaches rant. "Get beat into the ground again? Get foamed by PRT officers? Unless you think you could face off against an Endbringer single handedly then if I were you then I'd invest in some self-preservation little girl."

"She got lucky!" Glory Girl defends.

"Lie."

"..."

We all just turn to Armsmaster.

"..."

"What, she lied."

"I did not!" Glory Girl shouts.

"Lie, you know you can't beat her." Where's the Ibuprofen.

"Oh! And you'll do better? Last I checked you wound up foamed faster than me."

"I'm not arguing with a child." He said stoically.

"Yeah cause you lost!" Glory Girl

"..."

"Moving on, after the fight you claim she told you her power was reality warping?" I point to Amy.

"Yes." She says.

"Truth."

That made both too much, and no sense at all. If it was reality warping, then how did she know so much, and if it was it would explain why she can DO so much. It would explain the inconsistencies in her inability to be harmed. Sometimes she rag dolls with a hit, other times it was like hitting an indestructible wall. Kitsu embodied the immovable object. Other times she embodied the unstoppable force. And then there were decoys she could throw out, which can now look like other people. And turning herself and others invisible.

"I think it's time to add Self Trump to her power set." I say.

"Ma'am. Are you sure?" Armsmaster sounded justifiably apprehensive. It's not every day a Self Trump is announced, and they are always the most troublesome. The Butcher is one such case.

"Five years ago, all she could do is run, hit, and occasionally make a shoddy half colored, still, illusion of herself. Three years ago, she started making full working decoys, two years ago she could turn invisible, a few months ago she made glass shards that destroyed The Machine Army and now she is making full TALKING decoys of people." I point out.

"Wait, she did" Amy pipes up.

"Which part?" I ask.
"The Machine Army? How it's gone?" How did she not know?

"When was this?" She asks again.

"Earlier this year, in march." I inform.

"oh." she said quietly.

"Moving on, you have no idea as to why she would show up to your house?" I ask.

"No." Mark said.

"Truth."

"Just, go home." I say through my headache.

As they leave, I contemplate what I could've done in a past life to deserve this level of stress.





-Commercial district Morning-




Kitsu POV


I'm walking around the electronics store in the mall wearing an oversized trench coat and hat I stole. Why? I feel bad about Marks TV. I can't buy a TV, but that won't stop me.

"Excuse me, little girl? Can I help you?" That's new. Normally people don't notice me unless I do something unusual, or if they're looking for me before hand.

Looking over I see a young blonde with an eye patch.
'Shit, Othala' I forgot that the commercial district is Empire territory. So of course, they would notice me, they're always looking for young impressionable Aryans to sway to their ideology.

"Nope." I just pick a random 58-in flat screen and start walking out.

"You can't-" She starts.

"Othala." I stare her right in her eye, her face somehow getting whiter, and take off the hat. "No."

Now I'm drawing all sorts of attention, what with me carrying a TV bigger than me. So I just toss off the coat and hat. I have to carry this all the to the Dallons house in downtown. I don't think I'll have the energy for that, and I can't run, I only got the steam to make it half way.

'Eh, I already stole a TV might as well take a cart, I'll just return it anyhow. Maybe.'

Walking over to the front of the mall I put the TV in the cart and continue my on my way.

'I don't wanna jinx it, but this is going surprisingly well.'

[Idiot]

'What?!' I shout mentally.

"STOP THIEF!"

"Darn it." Looking over I see a girl in a green and white dress, and two guys in armor, one with blue outlines and the other with little clocks on it.

"OH! Vista, Gallant and, Stopwatch?" have I mentioned how much I love messing with people?

"Clockblocker!" He corrects.

"Bad word!" Because I love it a lot.

"Shes got you there Clock." Vista says leaning over to look at him with a smirk.

"She aint got nothing." He says defiantly.

"I have a TV!" I say cheerfully.

"No you don't." I see Vista move her arms to warp space and throw myself around the TV. Knowing she can't influence areas with living matter I smirk at her.

"How did you? Never mind." She moves her hands and in an acid trip of a visual, Clockblocker is behind me.

"Uh oh." I jump up and around him, avoiding his hands. I wrap my arms around his neck and, creating a glass platform under my feet, I supplex him.

"SHIT!" He curses.

I don't give him a chance to recover as I keep him in a chokehold, brings his hands up to my arms and tries to pull himself free. I'm not worried he can't risk freezing me here or he'll potentially kill himself. If I freeze like this, I'll be stuck choking him-


-Timeskip 7 minutes-


-and he'll, What? He's completely limp in my arms as I feel Vista and Gallant trying to pull me off. I let go as I realize what's going on and let go. Gallant then tosses me off of Clockblocker

"Oh no!" That was me. "No, nonononononono." I'm panicking as I freak out! I've killed, but they were pedophiles, and Nazi's! Not kids! Not heroes who were trying to make the world a better place! Never on accident!

"Clock! Clock! DENNIS!" Vista is shouting desperately.

"Vista! He's, he's not waking up, he still has a pulse, we need to get him to a hospital!"

Oh wait, I almost forgot I don't have a Manton Limit on my bio kinesis! I have an idea. Running up I toss Gallant to the side.

"Woah!"

I then focus my energy into my hands and rip his chest plate off. Vista tries to push me off. Honestly, I don't blame her, from her point of view I just threw Gallant and am now ripping into a comatose Clockblocker.

"Stop! Stop it!" I turn and throw her too.

I put my hands on Clockblockers chest and focus. I've never done this, so it's do or die. So I enhance my perception with as much energy as I can spare, time is of the essence and I still need energy to do manipulate his biology.

Looking in I see the damage, several parts of his brain are shot, withered and dead or dying, he's not brain dead, and his amygdala is dead. So any and all short-term memory is gone. That's fine, I can work with that, he won't remember the last day of his life, but it's better that than not waking up ever again. His frontal lobe is fine, his auditory and motor areas are shot, with nerves firing randomly in the auditory. His visual is suffering the same as the audio. Everything is still where it needs to be so I don't have to worry about placement, just reviving, and a little rebuilding, he's also developing arthritis, I'll go ahead and fix that as an apology for almost killing him. All together it probably took five seconds, but to my enhanced perception it felt like an hour of constant and painstakingly detailed work as I fixed neuron after neuron, refixing the myelin sheaths and everything.
He starts twitching violently as though in a horrible seizure. And he starts screaming as he turns over and pukes, with the helmet still on.

"Oh, oh god. Wuh, wuh jus habend? Waz, I dwugged?" He mumbles out. "Did i hab my firsht time?"


Yeah, he's going to be out of it for a bit.

"DENNIS!" Vista rushes forward and wraps her arms around his neck, crying her eyes out.

"Woah, Visha, names!" He tries to chastise.

"SHUT UP! Just, just shut up." She cries.

"I ship it." I say.

"What?" Gallant says after walking up to me.

"Nothing!" I say quickly. He stares at me.

"You resuscitated him. Not even Panacea can do that." He is remarkably calm. Maybe it has something to do with emotion his powers?

"Yeah, and?" I ask.

"Why don't you put your powers to better use?" That's where he's going with this.

I have multiple reasons, one I don't see the point, in three years we get gold morning. Two, I only learned I could do this a few months ago, and this is the first time I ever used it. Three, the red tape involved would have me wrapped up more than a mummy!

And four, I, never really thought about it. Now I feel like a bad person

"Oh god you stink!" Vista is still freaking out.

"There's vomit in my helmet! What happened to me!"

"..."

"I'm taking the TV." I stare up at him.

"No, you're not." He stares me down.

"..."

"Don't take off your helmet! You can't let people see your face!" Vista says in the background.

"But it's everywhere!" He whines.

"..."

"You should help your teammates." Is this a standoff?

"They're fine." It is! That's so cool!

Or it would be, if I had any energy left! Fixing Clock took the rest of it out of me, I have about enough to lift the TV one more time.

'I need to find an outlet, or start carrying a taser, ooh that's actually not a bad idea!'

"I'm here Gallant!"

Looking over I see the idiot herself, Glory Hole, carrying Panacea!

"I'm here too, so yeah," Aw poor PanPan sounds tired. She deserves a nap.

"Big V! Clock needs a new mask, he puked in his!" Vista yells out.

"I didn't mean to! Oh god it's getting in my hair, that is something I only thought women would say!" That was in bad taste.

*SMACK*

"Now is not the time!" Vista just slapped him in the back of the head.

"Agh! Now it's in my eyes!"

"Can you, like, calm them or something? Vista is in hysterics, and Clockblocker is obviously about to panic." I say to Gallant.

He regards me with what I can only assume is suspicion before turning and lobbing a blue light orb at the two panicking Wards. Watching them stop and calm down was kinda funny.

"Okay, someone tell me what happened." Victoria said.

"I killed Stopwatch."

"..."

"What?!" Clockblocker squeals, his voice cracking.

"I'm tired, I'm going home." I say and just start leaving.

"Hold it brat. You're not going anywhere!" Great Vicky is now blocking my way.

"Leave." In the words of Jack Patillo! Master of butterfly chasing and house building!

"No." I'm done here. I am sooooo done here.

"Leave or I will say something, someone, will regret." I threaten.
"Yeah right, what could you possibly say that-"

"Amy Dallon is gay." I cut her off.

"What!?" I heard from three different people.

"No she isn't!" Vicky says.

"Yes, yes she is." I insist.

"I'm the closest person to her, I think I would notice something like that!" Vicky says defiantly.

"And she's always so jealous around me, and puts off so much lust and love when I'm around." that was Gallant.

"Why not ask her." I say, pointing to the mortified brunette.

looking to her they both see her blush and look away. Trying to hide in her hood.

"Holy shit." Gallants says under his breath. Likely seeing her emotions.

"Ames, why didn't you tell me?! I wouldn't have tried to set you up with so many guys!" At least Vicky looks like she's handling that well. "I would've tried to find a nice girl for you!"

"It's, I just, you don't." She looks a bit panicked. Perfect, they forgot all about me.

Now that they're distracted, I walk back to the cart and start walking away with the TV. Vista goes to say something but I cut her off with a look.

"Don't make me start with you Missy." I say pointedly.

She raises her hands in surrender and starts to back away. Clockblocker is still groaning and trying to get his helmet off, I think I may have bent something by accident when ripping off the chest plate.

It was a total dick move to out Amy's sexuality. But part of the reason she had a breakdown was the pressure of hiding a part of herself. The other parts are the lack of a familial support system outside of Victoria, and with how she felt towards Vicky that only made the fact that she was her only support worse. And the final part is [Shaper] getting increasingly frustrated with Amys refusal to use her power creatively and lashing out at her.

'I can't fix the shitty home life, but maybe I can encourage her to use her power. Which hospital did she visit again?'

[Apprehension: Odds low]

'Oh hush you.'




Bonus




Amy Dallon POV


Fuck today! Fuck Vicky! Fuck Carol! And fuck Kitsu! She had no right! None!

'Now Vicky is talking about trying to set me up the brunette from chemistry! And it's not like I can just tell her my type!' considering her type was blonde, buxom, bubbly and blue eyed!

'Oh, just thinking about how Vicky would react to finding out SHE is my type. I'd die of humiliation!'

Falling over onto my bed I scream into my pillow. Carol doesn't care. Just hates that I kept it a secret from her.


'Again, fuck Carol.'

And to top it all off Kitsu, the little bitch, slipped away! And she can apparently bring people out of comas! Her claim to rewriting reality around her is looking more and more plausible every day.

Dean was very silent the whole time. No doubt confused as to why I would radiate jealousy, love, and lust when he's around. I just hope he doesn't figure out that the only time I'm around him is when I'm around Vicky. And if he does figure it out, he should keep it to himself or I'll break my own rules and make him impotent.

'No, I'll probably just skip town. Move to Washington state, they're more accepting.'

I just wish today never happened. At least Mark was supportive, he sat her down after Carol left. He told her that he only wishes her to be happy and that who I choose to love is no one's business but my own, unless they got me pregnant in which case, he would have to bury someone. That actually made me smile a bit.

'Maybe today wasn't all bad. At least I don't have to deal with all the boys Vicky tries to set me up with.'

"Vicky!" I hear Carol say.

"Yeah mom?" Vicky shouts back.

"Did you order a TV online!" Carol asks.

'What? We got a new TV?'






A/N I did not intend that last part to offend any one.

This chapter took 40 minutes to edit for QQ.
They're only gonna get longer.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Vahzal Haal Rah, Dapperlurker and 679 others
Newb to the game
Mar 8, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 7
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#38
Disclaimer: I don't own Worm or any other characters in this work, other than Kitsu. All other characters belong to their respective properties. And I forgot to put this in before but will start doing so now.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
*Sounds/actions*
.
.
.
.
Parahumans Online
You are currently logged in: ToyFoxy
You are currently viewing:
*Threads
. .*Tagged Threads
. . .*Kitsu (30k+)
Topic: Barbie Beatdown
IN: Boards Location America Brockton Bay

Original Poster: Bruce Lao (Verified)
Posted On March 20th 2010

Holy crap! I don't know what I expected when I heard Kitsu was in the Bay, I really expected Hookwolf to get his berries squashed again. But Glory Girl getting the smack down was not on that list!
-Link video BrocktonBarbieBeatdownDowntown-
It really does look like Kitsu was just playing, and then Armsmaster shows up, and this happens!
-Link Video KitsuFoolstheHalbeard
Seriously! Do we have a concrete idea of her powers yet?

(Showing page 1 of 43)


-Valkyr (Verified) (Wiki Warrior)
Replied on March 20th 2010
No, we don't, it's all speculation. And I hate it.

-ToyFoxy (Verified Cape) (Case 53)
Haters gonna Hate! XP

-Chaosfaith
Bro that ain't nothing, she killed Clockblocker at the mall yesterday!
-Link KitsuVStheWards
I think it was over a TV?

-ToyFoxy (Verified Cape) (Case 53)
I DIDN'T MEAN IT! X(
And I brought him back!

-Dawgsmiles (Veteran poster)
AYO WTF?!

-ToyFoxy (Verified Cape) (Case 53)
He froze me when I had him in a headlock! It was his fault I swear!

-Feychick
Are we gonna just gloss over the fact that she brought him back!

-GlitzGlam (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Or the fact that she called out Panacea? Not cool.

-GstringGirl
Yeah, not cool, if she was in the closet she shouldn't be forced out.

-Lasersmile
Yeah, not cool. She should be allowed to come out on her own terms

-ToyFoxy (Verified Cape) (Case 53)
I'm sorry! Amy don't hate me!

-Tin_Mother (Moderator)
Please stay on topic

-XxVoid_CowboyxX
[Deleted]

-Tin_Mother (Moderator)
That is NOT on topic. Take a two week ban, again.

-Antigone
Bruh. That's disgusting.

-Clockblocker (Verified Ward)
I'll be honest here, I had no clue what happened, one minute I was going to bed yesterday, next I wake up in what I can only assume a hangover feels like, vomiting into my helmet. Now I found out a few hours ago I died because I accidentally used my power in a panic? And I'm apparently back from the dead. Yeah, I don't know how to feel about that



(End of Page 1 of 43)


I think I fucked up.
[Agreement]




-July 2010, a week later, night fall, outside the Dallon house-




Kitsu POV


I'm sat across the Dallons house, making myself invisible as I contemplate my next move.

Mark is upset with me, after what I did with Amy. I've been trying to make up for it with stuff I get. I didn't even steal the second TV! Just stole money from a Merchant drug house and used that to buy a TV! Yeah, Vicky immediately returned the other one as soon as she put two and two together, and I had to show the receipt for the second one.

Amy is upset with me too. For obvious reasons.
I said I was sorry! Don't hate me PanPan!

'It's all for the best! I mean in the original series she wound up as the Red Queen, so changing things can only be good right?'

[Doubt]

'Don't rub it in, I already feel like shit.' I only really did what I did in order to distract everyone, I was running low on energy and wasn't willing to risk anyone getting smart.

Carol doesn't seem to care, but then again, I don't care what she thinks.

Vicky is in a weird limbo of being slightly grateful for the info, as now she knows and help Amy with this knowledge. Mostly by trying to set her up with girlfriends. And mostly pissed at how I put Amy on the spot in public.

I've been spying.

"I'll just, come back tomorrow." I say quietly.

Walking away I can't help but try and distract myself.

"*sigh* maybe I'll go find Hookwolf, punch'em in the dick, that always cheers me up."





-Elsewhere, Downtown-




Vergil Hawkins POV


Man, this place is worse than Dakota! Just flying on the saucer, I seen three robberies in downtown alone!

"I'm tellin'ya Gear, Permafrost in Brockton Bay? Somethin's up." I say over the Walkie.

*Krzzt*

"I get that Verg, I just don't see why you have to be the one to get her back." Damn it Rich, we've been over this.

"It's, its personal man, I helped her out, I gotta see this through." I tell him.
"But you already saw it through. Just cause she ditched out on protective services doesn't mean you gotta be the one to travel cross country." He counters.

"I'm done discussing this Rich, I'll hit you up if I get anything." I say.

"Stay safe man. You know there's a whole group of gangbangers after your blood over there right?"

Wasn't THAT a surprise. "Yeah, I know. Empire 88, bunch of super jocked up KKK. Met one, Hookwolf, I coulda taken him, but the Armsmaster made me retreat. Couldn't have a kid taking out a big guy when he can't"

"That's wack man, politics is the name of the game there it seems." Rich says back.

"Don't I know it, it's getting late man, call ya later." I say.

"Later. Oh, and remind me to ask how you convinced your Pops to let you transfer to the Brockton Bay Wards" *Krzzt*

Man Rich, for someone so smart he really misses out on some obvious things. He needed to help her, it's just what he does, he wouldn't be able to look himself in the mirror if he had a chance to help someone and just didn't. Especially after he failed the first time, he had to have failed, otherwise Maureen wouldn't have run away. Right?

'Sides with Ebons crew locked up, Rich and Stretch can handle Dakota just fine.'

"Where are you, Maureen?" lowering myself to street level I enter an alley and get ready to call it a night. Only to launch forward as I hit something with my saucer.

*Klanng*

*Shatter*

"WOAH!" falling forward and rolling I barely keep myself from face planting.

"Ow." I guess I hit someone, not something.

'Man, what?' Looking over I see a little girl rubbing her head.

"Oh, man! You okay? I did not see you there." I rush over to her.

"Yeah, it was my fault anyway, I should pay more attention when turning invisible." She groans.

'Say what?' getting a closer look, I see fox ears folded down against the head of the little girl. I step forward to get a better look. Stepping on something soft.

"MY TAIL!" She screeches. I immediately backpedal.

"Woah! I am so sorry!" She turns to face me and I get a good look at the girl.

"What is your-" Kitsu, THE Kitsu, stops, looking at me with wide eyes. Before jumping up and down pointing at me.

"AAAYEEIIIIIIIII! Static Shock!" That's new.

'Guess I'm famous, didn't think anyone outside Dakota knew who I was.'

"Okay? I take you're a fan then?" The Endstopper is my fangirl, Richie will never believe this.

"Ever since I was a kid! Can I get your autograph?" She begs.

'How did this little girl get on the high priority list? She don't seem dangerous.'

"Uh, sure always happy to meet a fan. You got any paper, or pen?"

"Uh, be right back! Don't go anywhere!" She says quickly.

Before I can say anything, she blazes on out. Like, full force super sprint. I think I get it now.

"Woah, girl be on those next level energy drinks!"




Kitsu POV


'I just met THE Static Shock!' I am totally freaking out as I run towards the Dallon house.

Approaching the house, I knock on the door, waiting, waiting, waiting. I knock again.

Amy opens the door.

"What Kitsu, What do-" She starts annoyed but I run past her towards their kitchen.

"No time need pen and paper!" Going through their drawers I find what I need. Turns out every family has a junk drawer.

Mark is at the kitchen table talking to Carol. Well, they're looking over to me now.

I stare at them, paper and pen in hand.

They stare at me.

"Kitsu, what are you?" Mark starts.

"No time need autograph!" I shout, cutting him off before running out of the house.

I hear Carol shout something at me as I rush past Amy who tries to grab me.

Running on the fumes I got from Static accidentally hitting me, I make it back to the spot in about ten seconds, all together this took me one minute.

'He's still here!' I run up to him holding out the pen and paper.

"Uh, where'd you get that?" He asked.

"A friend's house." I say excitedly, I think my voice went up a few octaves.

"Alright, uh is there anything unique ya want, I know you go by Kitsu, but is that-"

"It is my name." I confirm.

"Alright, always happy to meet a fan, 'To my-' there's no ink in this."

...

"NOOOOOOOOO!" 'Why? What did I do to deserve this?' Falling to the ground on my hands and knees I contemplate my life choices.

"Uh, look, I'd love stay an' hang, but I gotta jet, get home an all that." He pulls out his saucer and hops on it.

"Wait, what are you doing in Brockton Bay? Don't you live in the Midwest? Will you be staying long?" I ask.

"Yeah, I'm from Dakota city, I'm here cus, well, I guess it's fine to tell, maybe you can help. I gotta, let's call her a friend, she needs help and she ran away here. I'm try'n to find her, bring her home and get her the help she needs." If this Static is similar to the one I'm familiar with, that could mean a few capes, from Nails to She-Bang. Assuming they're here in this world.

"We talking, physical help? Or mental?" I can't see anyone in their right mind coming to Brockton Bay for help with anything, unless it was on how to develop a drug addiction.

Rubbing the back of his head he starts. "She, had it rough, I really don't think it's my place to say."

"Mental, got it. She got a name? Cape name or civilian?" I ask.

He looks a mix between suspicious and surprised. "Sure, she goes by Permafrost."

"Blue skin, white hair, wears a blue winter coat?" I haven't seen her, I just know her from, before.

He flies closer. "Yes! Where is she?" 'He really cares huh?'

"Have you tried the Trainyard or the Docks? That's where most of the homeless wind up, that or with the Merchants, but let's not think of that." The girl that can freeze a city when having an episode? Yeah, no, let's not give her a cocaine addiction.

He lowers and sits on the edge of his saucer, head in hand. Looking sad.

"I have tried, But the boss lady at HQ up in the Rig says she can't risk tossin me to the wolves like that." He says exasperatedly.

"In other words, your being red taped because they don't wanna risk a PR incident in the event that you get hurt." I say flatly.

He looks surprised at that.

"Uh, yeah, somethin like that. Now I see what the Thinker rating is for." He said that last part under his breath.

"Then I got nothing. I'mma go return this and find some Nazis to terrorize. Unless you go break some rules knees, and hearts together and attack the Merchants?" I bat my eyes at him and smile.

"The whole reason I can even be here is cuz I'm playing by the rules. So as much as I'd love to bust some heads in, I can't unless they start somethin first." He looks sad about that.

Guess he's encountering the same issue as Vista then. All this power to help people, and you can't because politics.

"This is why I never joined the Wards, well that and they're all liars. I'll see you around Vergil." I say and leave.

"Okay? Bye." He waves, hops back up on his saucer and takes off. Presumably to find another alleyway to dress down in.

Walking back to the Dallons house took about half an hour without the energy to speed. Walking up to the door I just open it, I don't knock this time that was just me being polite. They don't lock their doors for some reason, probably because you'd have to be insane to just waltz into a cape family's home uninvited.

As I slump through the house Mark and Carol are still at the table and now looking at me.

"Wanna tell us why you broke into our house and stole a pen and a piece of paper?" Mark says. Carol is next to him just fuming at me.

"I ran into Static Shock, I wanted an autograph, the pen didn't have ink." I said sadly, my ears down against my head and my tail dragging as I put the pen and paper back where I got them in the junk drawer.

"And why, did you break into our house for the pen and paper?" Carol repeats.

"Because I didn't know where else to go that was nearby." I say simply.

"So why OUR house!?" She shouted

"BECAUSE IN CASE YOU HAVEN'T NOTICED! I'M HOMELESS AND HAVE NO WHERE ELSE!" I shout back. "I can't go to the homeless shelters because of my infamy and age, they'd just put me through the foster system. Nowhere will hire me because of my age, despite my abilities and intelligence. And the only jobs available to me are PRT Wards mascot, or other, much less reputable things I'd rather not say." I'm ready to cry at this point in my rant. I don't like being yelled at and my homeless situation is one I try to avoid thinking about.

Because it's true, aside from Wade, who I only talk to on occasion, and [Conduit] who hides anytime other shards are around, I am perpetually on the move and homeless. Heck I've been sleeping in Delgatto's house two blocks down because they're not in town.


If anyone asks that window was broke when I before I got there.

"..." Carol actually looks ashamed of herself.

'I can use this.' Pity hasn't failed me before.

"I, I'll just go." I turn to leave.

"Kitsu wait." Mark says. "Carol, can I talk to you in the living room?"

"Yeah." She nods.

'Success?'



Mark POV


'I figured something was up.' She literally showed up almost every day since the monopoly game.

Although day two was just to drop off a stolen TV. Which Vicky returned. Only for Kitsu to show up two days later with another TV and a receipt this time, and to talk to Amy. She refused to talk.

'Really should have figured this out sooner.' Kitsu never stayed in one place long, and she is a notorious thief, not so much a grand, or even a good one, she just steals all the time.

"Carol we can't let her go back out there." I say seriously after closing the door to the kitchen as we step into the hall to our bedrooms.

"I know, but what are we supposed to do? It's not like we can adopt her." She says almost immediately.

"... Can we?" I ask.

"No Mark, she's a Case 53, by all legal rights she is citizen of no country as she never signed on with the PRT. You can't adopt someone who technically doesn't exist legally. Even then, adoption is a massive jump." She counters.

"I know, I just, there has to be something we can do. We're supposed to be the good guys, we can't just ignore a lonely homeless little girl who is possibly starving." I rationalize.

"Said little girl is a known possible S class threat. And I know for a fact she isn't starving; she steals our food." She argues back.

"It wouldn't be the first time we took in a little girl with nowhere to go." I say quietly.

"That was different and you know it." She glares at me.

"Carol, please, you know what the right thing is. We even have a guest room we never use." I say soothingly.

"... Fine, but if she starts acting up, I'm turning her over to the PRT." She relents.

"Alright, there's the heroine I fell in love with." I hug her.

"And what is that supposed to mean?" She says with anger, but the way the edges of her lips twitch tells me it's false. "I've always been this way."

"Yes you have." I lean down and kiss her.



Kitsu POV


'That was so sweet!'

I'm up against the door listening in. And can't help but get excited. I hear them separate and turn start to get closer.

'Crap!'

I hurry and run over to the table and sit down staring at the wall. As they enter the room I hear them walk over to the table, pull out chairs, and sit down. I look at them.

"..."

"Kitsu, we have an, offer for you." Mark starts.

"Okay." I say simply.

"We would feel much better, if you had a safe place to sleep, and eat." Mark says.

"Your not trying to offer me a place to stay, just so you can try and sell me to the PRT or human traffickers, are you?" I know it's unnecessary, but if I just jump up and say yes, it'll look suspicious.

Being situated next to Panacea may be my BEST hope for changing things for the better! Plus, free room!

"What?! No why would you think that!" Carol shouts.

"Only if you do something bad enough that we have to turn you over to the PRT." Mark says calmly.

'Damn, between them, Vicky and Gallant, and Assault and Battery, opposites really do attract.'

"Mark!" Carol shouts back.

"I'm being honest and straight forward with her." He says sheepishly.

"To answer your question, it's because it happened before." That got them to turn their attention back towards me.

"What? Last time I was in Brockton a few years ago I was eating at a Chinese buffet, they drugged me and put me on auction. Turned out it was an ABB front and they drugged anyone who came in alone. It was actually Lung that saved me. He likes me cus I got him that fancy dragon moniker. I eat there for free now. After killing the chef that drugged me." That was honestly one of the scariest moments of my current life, I also learned that unable to die, doesn't mean unable to be knocked out by sedatives. Good to know.

"That, that just proves my point. The fact you can say that with a straight face." Mark said as he put his head in his hands.

"Look, Kitsu, we're willing to give you a place to sleep and eat. But! You have to follow a few rules." Carol starts.

"I'm listening." I say cautiously.

"One, you can't trash the place. Two, you can't be wandering off, if you go somewhere, one of us needs to know. And three, no killing or stealing. Heroes don't kill, or steal." She lists off.

"I'm not a hero, I'm a rogue, a vigilante." I point out.

"If your gonna stay here then you're a New Wave hero." She counters.

"So that's your game, you just wanna recruit me like The Empire and the PRT." I Accuse.

"Not at all, if you don't want to be a hero that's fine, but you're not going to be a rogue or villain." Mark chimes in.

Honestly, I'd be a fool to turn down this offer, but I would be remis to not negotiate either.

"What if they are trying to kill me, can I kill in self defense?" I ask.

Mark goes to answer. "No. Not unless it is absolutely unavoidable."

"Okay, what about stealing? Can I steal from criminals?" It's an important question!

"I'm not entirely okay with that." He says.

"The TV was bought with money I stole from a drug lab." I point out.

"..." Mark goes to say something before the sentence registers.

"That." He starts before sighing in defeat. "I need a drink."

'I'm sorry Mark! You're a good guy, I don't wanna see you hurt like this!'

"..." Carol just stares me down.

"No more going off on your own, if you do something, let someone in the house know."
I cross my arms. "Why not! It's not like I can be hurt."
"You can apparently be drugged, and restrained."

She got me there. "Fine, I'll let someone know."

I can totally find ways around this.

"Alright, now finally. You're going to school." Mark says.

'Nope, no deal! It was nice, but no.' I stand up and start to walk away.

"NOPE! Have a nice day." I say as I hop out of the chair.

Mark stands up. "Wait, why not?!"

Looking back, I regard him with a flat look. "Because I have no need? I'm far too smart for school."

"You're a child." He says.

"If you check the PRT database I'm classified as a Thinker level four, I'm not going to school." I say.

"Then you're not staying here."

…




-Next day-


I caved.

They were going to send me to elementary school, because they thought I was like, 8. I had to explain I was 12, ish, and just physically short. Amy and Victoria? Yeah, they aren't happy. Mark and Carol didn't tell them about all this, so they're not exactly kosher with the idea of the little girl who outed Amy when she wasn't ready, now living with them. They also gotta go through a metric shit ton of paperwork, or rather, Carol does. Because she's the lawyer.

'I'll just test out. How hard could that be?' I think glumly to myself. 'At least I have my own bed now.'

I'll be honest here, I think the only reason Mark pushed for this, is because I remind him of Little Vicky, his daughter before she grew up and got too cool for things like hanging out with dear old dad. Man is depressed and I resemble his little girl, and I actively chose to hang out with him. So yeah, my first impression on him was rather positive.

Carol, on the other hand? Yeah, that is entirely political. I am powerful, on good terms with Lung himself, the PRT have been trying to capture and or recruit, and I am now the newest member of the New Wave movement. Talk about a middle finger to the opposing team, I kinda respect it.

How do I know that? She told me when Mark left to get the guest room ready. So here I am, in a car, heading to a court house to get me registered as a legal citizen. Turns out there was a process for Case 53's to become citizens without joining the PRT. It was just a long, complicated, and ridiculous process. And the only reason Carol knew about it was because this was her area of expertise.

"I'm bored!" I said.

"Deal with it." Carol said.

"How about a game of 'I spy'?" Mark said happily.

'At least I have my own bed now.' I reminded myself.




Bonus




Director Emily Pigot POV


"You're telling me, you encountered Kitsu, had extended time in which she was in one spot. And chose NOT to call it in? And the only reason I know about it, is because Clockblocker heard you mention it to Gallant?" I swear, these Wards are far more work than they're worth.

Our newest transfer, Vergil Hawkins, or Static Shock, from the Wards in Dakota city is seated in front of me in my office.

"Now, I know that looks bad, but I'm tellin' ya, nothing happened! She didn't do anything other than ask for an autograph!" He defends.

"That is not the point, what is, is the fact that you disregarded protocol." Pointing at him I continued.

"Not only that, you were given VERY clear instructions, when encountering Kitsu, a known S Class threat, on the priority list!" I remind him.

"Why's she even on that list? She's a little girl aint she? That list is for Big Bads, Like Lung, Kaiser, Nilbog, and the Faerie Queen." He asks.

"Because." I start and hold up my fingers. "One, she is friends with Nilbog. Two, she is on good terms with Lung. Three, Kaiser is trying to recruit her, despite her antagonism towards The Empire 88. Four! The Faerie Queen herself warned us about how 'her abilities cannot be conformed to our system and it's arbitrary limitations, we would be wise to disregard what we know about capes when dealing with her.'! And five! She pushed back Behemoth, in less than hour, without injury to herself!" I ran out of fingers, so I didn't continue with how she was erratic, a blind spot, or that the higher ups want her on our side so bad that they are willing sacrifice a cape or two to get her on our side.

"Not to mention she killed Clockblocker, and then bought him back." I finish queitly.

"Well, when you put it like that-." He starts.

"Console duty, two weeks, get out." I cut him off.

He gets up and leaves without another word.

…

"Where's my bourbon. I swear, everything about that gremlin just serves to cause me more and more headaches. Next thing I know, she might join New Wave, if for no other reason than the for the world to spite me." I snort at that, Kitsu was unpredictable at the best of times, completely driven by what she wants, mixed with spite towards others, and a poor impulse control.

'And all the power to get away with it.' Panacea claimed Kitsu said she could fully warp reality within a certain distance of herself, if that was true then did she simply lack a Manton limit? Capable of using her power to warp herself into being invulnerable? If so, then why did Clockblockers ability work on her? If reality was her toy, then his powers should have no effect.

'No, there is something else, Kitsu probably said that in hopes of messing with them.'

Dealing with Kitsu has been an absolute shitfest. First Armsmaster is on mandatory patrol leave for another week for rushing off, Dragon has been awfully quiet about everything, though given what happened last time she encountered Kitsu five years ago she couldn't blame the Agoraphobe. Clockblocker, VOLUNTEERED, console duty in order to avoid ever having to deal with Kitsu again. Vista is awfully quiet on the matter; she too was traumatized by the event at the mall. Her best friend dying in her arms, her unable to stop it, and then the one killing him turns around and saves him.

'Not exactly what happened, but that's about how she sees it.'

Gallant has lost all faith in his empath abilities, what with how he was unable to determine that Amy was homosexual and not jealous of her sister for dating him. Though that was probably for the best in the long run. He was a good kid, but he was horrible at jumping to the wrong conclusions, and his powers only made him even more sure he was right, with this he might be able to gain a little more insight.

And not to mention Panacea being forced out of the closet has possibly made her a target of E88. The idiots that they were, she was sure they wouldn't actually do anything to her. Even the Merchants know not to attack a healer.

All of this was the result of ten minutes interacting with Kitsu.






A/N
I feel most fics don't give mark enough love when New Wave is brought up, they sort of gloss him over, he is genuinely one of the few people who are thoroughly good in Brockton Bay.
Thanks to Draco0905 for pointing it out, half of this chapter is thanks to him. I'm new to writing, and am constantly learning, I have multiple Ideas in my head, from a Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Explorers of Sky Fanfic, to a My Little Pony, to a Marvel. And the reason I'm not is because I don't wanna start more fics til I feel this one is at a good stopping point, I don't wanna leave it on a massive cliff hanger.

As Always let me know what you guys think!
Last edited: Mar 9, 2024
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Vahzal Haal Rah, Dapperlurker and 604 others
Newb to the game
Mar 8, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 8 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 9, 2024
Add bookmark
#46
Heads up, this chapter is going to more Slice of life, and tone setting, not much action, mostly dialogue, exposition, and drama.
.
.
.
.
On with the show!
.
.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
*Sounds/actions*




Kitsu POV


I hate this. I'm sat in an office between Mark and Carol staring at a lady, a Ms. Cope by the desk plate, who keeps looking back to me nervously. I've never really considered it, what with the fact that I am under 5 feet tall and, in my own humble opinion, Adorable. But regular people seem to be terrified of me. I guess that video of me punching Behemoths head off really left an impact, and then there was Eagleton, I guess.

"So, Mrs. Dallon, with the, um, with the current circumstances, Kitsu would need to take an apprehension test with the PRT, to, gauge her powers, either that or give a full detailed description of all her powers." She says nervously.

"Hmm, no way around it in this case?" Carol asks.

"I'm afraid not, there is no loop hole in this case, it's a safety measure in the event that the individual ever become, unstable." She glances at me.

"I'm not gonna eat you." I speak up.

"Oh! I meant no offence! I just, never met a Case 53 and, never mind." She makes a point to not look at me anymore.

I turn to Carol. "What's the apprehension test?"

"It's a series of test over sighted to determine your capabilities. Basically, they want to see what you can do."

"I'm fairly certain I've shown them what I can do."
"In a controlled environment where they can accurately measure you? I don't think you have." I'm starting to see where Amy got part of her attitude from.

"Is there any way I can get out of that?" I really don't wanna go near the PRT, unless it was to mess with them, cuz fuck'em.

"No, there isn't, even if you get your citizenship through them, the test is mandatory." Ms. Cope says apologetically.

I need a way around this. I've deliberately kept the method to my powers hidden. Any time I ran out of energy or I think the opponent will figure out it out, I flee. It was why I always fled from Assault when he showed up, his power to redirect energy would let him easily pick up on the inconsistency and eventual decrease in force or output as a fight goes on.

'Maybe I could just get Vicky or Mark to hit me a bit before I go take the test, if I store up enough energy it could last me through the test. Or I could electrocute myself, that's always fun.' I think sarcastically.

Last time I was genuinely electrocuted, I was fighting Behemoth. It knocked me out from the pain, then woke me up from the pain, and I decided playing the long game with glass daggers was over rated and wanted to be done with it before he could try that shit again.

"Hmm, okay. But! I want Dominoes." 'What? I like pizza, and there is no way I'm getting out of this without running away.

Might as well get something out of it.' I can't run away, not now, that would just alienate me from the Dallons. And I need to be close to them so that I can try and help them, and possibly avoid the shit storm that is Gold Morning, or at least mitigate some of the damage from it. Maybe save Taylor. Definitely gonna try and save Amy, and the others that died during Leviathan at least, and I'm gonna kill Jack, that should buy the world a few years, hopefully.

Mark smiles at me. "I'm sure we can get some on the way home." That makes me pause.

Home, when was the last time I had one? I, don't think I ever had one in the five years I've been here.

"Okay, with that I just need some basic information. Gender?" Mrs. Cope asks.

"Uh, girl." At least she asked.

"Height?"

"Four feet, not including the ears" I'm smol.

"Weight?"

"Uh, I never checked."

"We can leave that one blank for now."

"Age?"

"Eleven, ish." Well, this body is chronologically eleven, physically twelve, and mentally twenty-ish.

"Okay, unusual features?"

"Fox ears, no human ears. Slitted pupils, elongated canines. And fwuffy fox tail!" I say bring my tail up and hugging it.

"Okay, just about done here." How do people type so fast? I could barely get out ten words a minute.

(A/N the most relatable I've ever made Kitsu in relation to myself)

"Shouldn't all this be done at, like, a doctor's office?" I ask.

"It can be, or I can save everyone the trouble and have one of my friends retroactively approve the info." She says without looking up from her computer.

"I'm pretty sure that is illegal." I say.

"Kitsu." Carol says.

"What?" I ask.

"Stop talking."

I stop.

'Better get my pizza.' I pout.




-Later that day-


'I got my pizza! Mushroom stuffed crust!' I think happily while eating said pizza.

I'm sitting in the Dallon house kitchen, with Victoria glaring at me and Amy just giving me resting bitch face. Mark is here too, he's at the counter doing dishes and talking to Carol.

I hold out a slice to Amy "Pizza?"

"..."

"No." Aww, she's shy, or still mad at me.

Victoria looks like she's had enough. "Can someone please tell why the brat is here?!"

Mark piped up first. "Because she was homeless, out of options, and we help people."

"Your father convinced me. Said it would be good for the New Wave's image, Sarah agreed." Carol piped in.

Vicky stands up from the table. "This is bullshit!"

"You're just jealous you don't get pizza! Mlnn!" I stick out my tongue.

"Vicky, Kitsu, be nice." Mark said. Finishing up the dishes.

"I don't see why I should have to!" Vicky says.

"Because I live here now? And last time we fought you got foamed to a street lamp?" I prod.

"Are you trying to pick a fight?" She glares.

"Are you?" I eat a slice of pizza. I was about throwing a piece at her, but I thought better of it.

"Maybe!" She shouts.

Carol steps in. "Vicky, Kitsu, knock it off."

Amy gets up from the table. "If you need me I'll be in my room."

"Wait. Don't go PanPan! Stay, I have so much to offer you! Like a slice of pizza!" I am just hamming it up at this point. This is the longest I've interacted with anyone in person that didn't end in a fight.

"Don't call me that." She didn't look at me. And kept walking down the hall.

"I love you! Goodnight!"

*Slam*

…

"I don't think she likes me." I say.

"I wonder why." Vicky retorts.

I just sit there and continue to eat my pizza. This is rather nice, not having to worry about anything. No PRT to try and capture me, no aggravated or fearful citizens upset I broke into their kitchen, no cops trying to arrest me for stealing food. This is nice.


After finishing my pizza, I get up, breakdown the box and throw it away.

"Thank you for the food!"

"You're welcome Kitsu, now we would like ask you a few things." Mark says.

He goes over to the table and sits down, same as Carol. I go back to my seat.

"We would like to know your powers." Mark says. Looking dead serious.

"Aren't I going to take a test for this?" I ask. 'Where are they going with this?'

Carol leans back and crosses her arms. "We all know you're going to at least try, to find a way to cheat the test." She says.

'Credit where it's due, she's right.'


I have a choice here, lie, and ostracize myself if they ever find out. Or tell the truth and reveal a secret I've tried to keep for years. At this point, I'll be mostly honest, if my lie is ever uncovered, I could lose ALL the goodwill Mark is extending to me with all this.

"You have to promise you won't tell anyone, ever, even if you think it would save me." I say seriously, narrowing my eyes to be slits.


When I say that, I mean my pupils actually do that, yeah I can dilate my slitted pupils on command, screws with my vision but I imagine it looks cool and or intimidating.

"Okay." Mark says. But I just stare at Carol.

"..." Okay Imma pull another dick move.

"Trust is a two way street Carol, I need some before you get some, you have to give some." The way she glared, I'm lucky she didn't have laser eyes, or I'm pretty sure my immortality would have met its match.

Even Mark is staring between us wide eyed.

After a long second, she finally speaks. "Fine."

"And I'm only telling you two." I look pointed at Vicky who just rolls her eyes and gets up. Waiting for her to leave the room.

Here we go. "Okay, first off I can't die."

Carol starts rolling her eyes "Kitsu just because you have a high brute-" I cut her off.

"No, I mean part of my power, my main one, is preventing me from ever dying, I could drown, be incinerated, launched into space, be eaten by Leviathan, struck by lightning. I won't be physically harmed, I can get sick oddly enough, but anything that would be lasting just, goes away. Still hurts though." I correct.

Mark and Carol stare at me wide eyed. They say nothing so I continue.

"Apart from it hurting me, I absorb energy and use it to empower myself." I say.

"Like Assault?" Mark asks

"No, he redirects kinetic energy, impacts and the like. I absorb and store all forms of energy acted upon me, mainly kinetic and heat, but I can also absorb electricity, sound, radiation, and more, just not as easily or efficiently. I then use the energy to enhance myself." No need to tell them that I slowly loose the stored energy as excess heat, it's why I wear what I do, which is always shorts and sleeveless shirts, I get hot as hell!


I measured my own temp once when I had electrocuted myself, knife in an outlet, and I found my body goes up to a resting 101 Fahrenheit when I don't use the energy! That's 38 Celsius! And I just felt a little warm.

Carol just rubs her temples as I explain. Seeing people's reactions to this type of stuff is fun!

"And the other stuff?" She says tiredly.

"I can see inside people when I touch them and use the energy to rearrange things, I use a roundabout method with this to heal others, though if I'm honest, Clockblocker was the first time I tried it." And probably the last given how draining it was.


It was a half-truth; I am essentially a watered-down Panacea.

"Okay no more doing that." She says sternly.

"No more healing people?" I say confused. I'd have thought with a second Panacea she would be over the moon.

"What she means is no more trying untested things on people out of the blue." Mark says helpfully.

"It's not like I ever planned on trying it, I just didn't wanna be the reason a Ward died." I shrug.

"That's good." Mark says with a smile.

"Moving on, there is one more thing you're forgetting to mention." What could she? Oh! Right.

"Oh, the Illusions, so long as I have the energy stored, and can picture it, I can make hard light facsimiles of what I am thinking of, sight, sound, and touch. In other words, if I can see it in my head, I can make everyone else see it too. They're pretty fragile though. An unpowered punch wouldn't hurt them, but a swing from a baseball bat would outright shatter them." I'm almost finished.

I'm not telling them about my power to make others fall in love with me. I'll not say I never intend to use it, but awareness is its main weakness, and telling them I can make anyone fall in love with me is just asking for them to mistrust me and second guess every thought they have about me. Same with my ability to blend in and not be noticed by hiding my Case 53 features.

"So you're a combination of Amy, Assault, Nix, and Alexandria, on steroids?" Carol says looking down at the table while running her hands through her hair.

"I don't have an in-depth knowledge of biology like Amy, the impacts and hits still hurt, my illusions are made of refracted energy not smoke, and I can't fly, but yeah, that's about it." Add in a little Imp, who isn't a thing yet, and a minor HEAVILY restricted Heartbreaker, I take that back, who else can make others love them?

"Oh! And I can't get older." She shoots up a surprised look at me. Mark as well.

"What do you mean?" Mark asks with a tone I can't quite recognize.

"Just that, I am stuck this way, I can change my height, eye color, hair color, and proportions, but I will always end up defaulting back to this, and I don't change because it is painful. I just know I can." I can get older, but only if [Conduit] and I want me to.

[Conduit] doesn't care, and I don't want to yet. I'm happy being a munchkin, people underestimate me, and I'm adorable! I still haven't been able to pull the who 'Oh you think you're soo cute?. - Bitch, I'm adorable' shtick yet. But if I ever do.

Both Carol and Mark are just staring at me. Carol gets up and walks over to the fridge and pulls out a bottle of wine. She opens it, turns around and points to Mark.

"I just want to say, here and now, that this." She gestures to me. "Was your idea." She then takes a big swig straight from the bottle.

"What?" I say offended. "What did I do?"

"She's just jealous you don't have to grow up." Mark says placatingly.

'I mean, I don't age because I don't want to. But they don't need to know that. I wonder what Vicky is thinking? People seem to forget that my ears aren't just for show.'




Victoria Dallon POV


Hiding around corner I sneak back to my room and think on what I just heard.

'Holy shit. She knew Kitsu was powerful but, Immortality? As in, can't die, can't age, can't be injured? That's bullshit!' How was that fair! If I get hit twice, I get injured! And she simply can't be? What did she do to deserve that?

'No, that's not fair.' I think calmly, it's not like anyone got to choose their powers, hating her for her abilities would be kinda racist. In a sense.

"I need to tell Dean about this, maybe he'll know how to handle this." Pulling out my phone at shoot Dean a text.

(Hey gotta tell u sumthin) - V

…

(What?)-D

(U know Kitsu? Apparently she's immortal)-V

(?)-D

(I need more context, technically Aegis is immortal. And its not all that impressive)-D

(She can't die at all. This isn't sum 'blind me I see out my skin' deal that Aegis has going on, she cannot be harmed)-V

(Ok that is a bit of a big deal. How do u know.)-D

Uh oh, she kinda forgot that she wasn't supposed to talk about Kitsu joining New Wave until the big reveal.

(I may have overheard it somewhere)-V

(Vicky, you know that's not right)-D

(What r u talkin bout?)-V

(Vicky)-D

(Did you spy on Kitsu?)-D

…

(No?)-V

(Then how do you know?)-D

(Magic?)-V

(U know I have to tell Piggot right?)-D

Oh shit! If her mom found out she let this slip, she would ground her for life!

(YOU CANT MOM WILL KILL ME!)-V

(Why would she? What does she have to do with this?)-D

Shit!

(pls don't tell!)-V

(I have to. If I don't and they find out I'll be slapped with console duty like Static! Or worse suspended!)-D

(you'll get me in trouble!)-V

(I'll get me in trouble!)-D

(So!)-V

(No, this information is going straight to Director Piggot.)-D

(I'm never telling u anything again!)-V

(That was me, Armsmaster, Gallant has had his phone confiscated for being on it in a meeting. Also, thank you for the information.)

…

I'm so dead.




-Next day-




Kitsu POV


1 pm, that's when I woke up, I went to bed at 10 pm. I slept in my own proper bed for the first time in years. And it was GLORIOUS! Until Carol woke me up, I was asleep so long she had thought I snuck out and left an illusion of myself in bed, so she slapped me. Not the best way to wake up.

I am now watching TV with her in the living room watching Kitchen Nightmares from Earth-Aleph. Pouting at her.

"You could have just shaken me awake." I say quietly.

"You can't be hurt, get over it." She brushes off.

I snap over to look at her "Just because it doesn't harm me doesn't mean it doesn't hurt!"

She raises an eyebrow at me. "How does that work? Sounds like a load of bull."

"Because my nerves still register the shock! The energy just doesn't linger long enough to cause a bruise or anything." I explain.

"Just shut up and watch TV, I'm expecting a phone call soon and you'll need to be quiet." 'Rude bitch, soon as I find ways of discreetly irritating you I will'

"Where's Mark?" I ask.

"Grocery shopping." She says plainly.

This woman has two modes, resting bitch, and active bitch.

'I guess it makes sense she would become a lawyer.'

I turn back to the TV.

"Donkey!" Gordon says as he tosses a sandwich at someone.

*Shnrk* Ah, Gordon Ramsay, you will never cease to entertain me.

"Should I be concerned you find this funny?" Carol asks.

Without looking away from the TV I respond "Well, one of the first times I met Assault I threw a piece of pizza at his face."

…

"If-" *RRRRIINNNGGG* Whatever she was about to say was cut off by her phone.

"Hello? Yeah, no, now's fine." She gets up and puts a hand over her phone. "Stay quiet."

She then walks out of the room to talk to whoever called her. I could eavesdrop, but Gordon is about to start announcing who's going home.




Carols POV


Talking to Sarah is always nice, right now they were discussing Kitsus' placement in New Wave.

"Yeah, she's just watching TV. If it weren't for the Case 53 aspect, she'd look like a standard kid." I say.

"That's good, from what I've heard she's a massive flight risk, whatever happened between her and the PRT the first time must have been exceptionally bad. I'm just glad she didn't join the Empire." Sarah says.

"Why would she? She doesn't seem to be that way, hell the night we offered to house her, she broke in for a paper and pen to get an autograph from Static Shock. That new Ward who transferred." I regal.

"Oh, that is just adorable! I can just picture it." She says happily.

"It's annoying is what it is." I correct.

"Oh, don't be like that!" Sarah counters. "Anyway, what were you thinking? With her abilities she could easily clear out sections of the bay. Or help Amy in the hospital."

"Are sure it was the right move? Bringing her into New Wave? She has defied all my expectations of her, and I'm not sure that's a good thing." I inform her.

"What do you mean?" Sarah asks.

"I expected her to be a pain, wake up early, eat all our food, and make a mess, like a normal child. Instead, she has been completely tame, the only thing unusual was that she slept almost 15 hours, and then after that she just sat next to me watching TV, never asked for food, never asked to watch cartoons, all she did was ask where Mark was and try to talk with me." I explain.

"Isn't that a good thing? Why would it not? It sounds like she's taking the change in environment well." She asks.

"In case you forgot Sarah, she grew up orphaned, homeless on the streets, and constantly moving around from city to city her entire life since the PRT found her. She should be cagey, unstable, erratic. Instead she is acting like a well-adjusted little girl." It really was unusual, it was like she was used to living in a house, when to her knowledge, and everyone else's, she has been a street urchin her whole life, that kind of upbringing does not a normal child make.

"She's known to be unusually mature at times, maybe it's a part of her power? She is a grab bag cape, it's not out of the question for her to have a power that allows her to mentally adapt to new situations? I've heard weirder" If only it were that simple, that would explain everything, might even explain why she slept so long, if it were a mental rewiring sort of thing.

"No, not unless she lied about bits of her abilities." And with what she told us, there's not much for her to hide.

"What do you mean? You know what she can do?" Sarah asks.

"Yes." I answer.

"..."

"..."

"Well? What can she do?" Sarah asks.

"I promised I wouldn't tell." I say bluntly.

"Really? Can you at least promise me it's nothing unstable or dangerous?" Sarah prods.

"That I can." Kitsu walks past me towards the door.

"I'm going out!" She says and walks out.

"Okay. Anyway, she's been well behaved and hasn't really caused any problems, it just has me worried she's planning something." I respond.

"Uh, Carol?" Sarah says over the phone.

"What?" I ask.

"Was that Kitsu?" She asks.

"Yeah, why?" I answer.

"Did she just leave?" Sarah asks in return.

'She did, why did I let that happen.'

"What! She just! I gotta go!" hanging up I rush out of the house only to see Kitsu gone. And Mark pulling into the drive way.

"Damn it!"




Kitsu POV


Interesting thing about my stranger power, if someone is distracted, they won't notice me unless I break their concentration. Walking to the door while Carol was on the phone and then leaving without her noticing me was easy, it was just a matter of her getting used to me being around, and thinking my appearance to be too outlandish.

'Besides, I told I was leaving and she said it was okay! I have a perfectly reasonable argument for not breaking the running off rule!'

As soon as I closed the door, I turned myself invisible and rushed over to the Delgatto house I'd been sleeping in before last night. I look through the window and wait for Mark and Carol to leave my view before I do anything else. Once I see them enter their house, I rush over to the Delgatto's kitchen and grab a fork.

"This is gonna suck!" I stick the fork in the outlet.

*ZZRT*


-Later-


'I will never get used to that.'

Waking up from the shock I see the clock on the counter, it's out.

'Looks like I caused a power outage in the house.' walking to the laundry room I switch the breaker off and on, restoring the power. Can't do to have my personal battery shutting down. I got enough to last me a day or two, if I don't use it. Newer houses have better surge protecters than older houses, so I didn't get as much as I would have from say, a house at the docks.

I look outside and see the sun is in the same spot and Marks car still in the driveway with the groceries in the backseat, looks like I haven't been out that long. Rushing out the missing window I run over to the car, sit on the roof and wait.

And wait.

And- oh! There's Mark and Carol walking out now.
Mark is looking behind him at carol as he walks out the door.

"I'm telling you she couldn't have gone far, if we just-" He looks ahead and sees me on the car. "Found her."

"Where the hell did you go!" Carol yells.

"Out. Like I said."

"Where?" She says as she marches up.

"Here." I answer.

"Why didn't I see you when you I followed you out the door?" She's mad.

"Because I saw Mark in pulling up and wanted to surprise him, so I went invisible and ran around to the trunk to hide." I lie.

"Why did you leave?" She asks.

"Kitchen Nightmares was over; I couldn't find the remote. So, I was going to go and find something to do. You said okay. Oh! By the way can I help the PRT hunt Shadow Stalker, I heard about that and it sounds like fun." I say.

I am full on trying to deflect here, I didn't think this far. And she is starting to scare me.

"Dear, maybe we should calm down first." Mark says, putting a hand on Carols shoulder.

Carol takes a deep breath. "Fine, but we will be talking about this later. Deal with your pet project."

'Okay, THAT was offensive!' I must've showed how offended I was because Mark just looked a me and smiled.

"Do you want to help me the groceries?"

…

"Sure, why not." 'I hope they bought some pizza!'




-Later, Nightfall-




They didn't get pizza. We're eating baked potatoes with green beans, I loaded mine with cheese and butter. They're not bad, but, Carol is not a good cook. Victoria is here, Amy is absent. 'How does one mess up potatoes.' I think blandly.

"Where's Amy?"

"At the hospital." Carol said. She had sour cream and bacon bits in hers.

"Why? It's late." I know she pulls long hours, but it's almost 8 pm! On a weekend!

Vicky looks up. "Maybe she didn't want to eat with a stranger?"

'Oh? Two can play this game Glory Hole.'

"Maybe she didn't wanna hang around an overbearing sister who can't take a hint and stop trying to set her up." I say pointedly

"I'm only trying to help!" She shouts out.

I know, but Vicky needs to realize that when people don't want help, you simply can't help them.

"Says the girl who couldn't even tell her own sister was uninterested in all they guys she threw at her!" I shout back.

"Like you could do better!" She scoffs.

"Bet I could!" I really don't think I can, outside of blackmailing her into dating.

Carol goes to get up but Mark stops her.

"We should let them get this out of their systems." He said quietly.

"I'll not have them break anything." Carol whispers back.

"I don't think Kitsu would do anything. Aside from earlier she's been nothing but well behaved." He reassures.

That made me happy. 'Love you too Mark! But I'm about cause your daughter some emotional damage!'

"It's not Kitsu I'm worried about." Carol hisses back.

'Oh.'

"I bet I could get Amy to date better than you could!" I challenge.
Immature? Yes. But in order of who is on my shit list, Vicky is top of that list right now. Outside of nazis and pedos.

She leans back "Oh really? Little miss love guru, are we?" She says amusedly.

"More so than someone who can't keep a stable relationship." I say calmly as I bite my potato in victory.


'eugh, tinfoil.'

Picking the tinfoil out and continuing to eat. Victoria shoots up and goes to reach across the table, I close my eyes and create a plane of glass on top of her lap. Trapping her like a high chair meant for children. I folded the plane in on itself multiple times to increase its durability.

"What the?!" She shouts as she is forced down.

"Sit down!" Carol yells, before realizing Vicky was still seated. "Oh, uh."

"Let me up!" She yells at me. Thrashing against the invisible seatbelt.

"Carol said sit, so sit." I say smugly. If she were smart, she would just scoot back. Or break the chair, but then I would just move the plane, or create a second one, underneath, her. My eyes shoot open and I stand up.

"I have an idea!" I shout happily, losing focus and dropping the plane.

"Ragh!" Victoria flies up and goes to punch down on me.

"Victoria Dallon! Sit down now or so help me God!" Carol yells.


Vicky stops at that, just floating in midair. Before she lowers down and sits back in her chair.

I stay in my position, wide eyed and slightly intimidated at Carol and how she can reign in Vicky like that.

"Can I go pick up Amy?" I say.

"How would you even do that?" Vicky seethes out.
I just wordlessly create a transparent glass plane under my feet and raise it, along with me, up.

"You can fly now?!" Vicky shouts.

"Great, more fliers, I have to go call Sarah." Carol gets up and leaves.

"Yes! Praise me mortals!" I laugh and stop just as I was about to hit my head on the ceiling.

"Kitsu, please sit down." Mark says. He finished his potato a while ago and had been collecting the dishes.

"But I just learned how to do this!" I whine.

"How are you doing that?" He asks.

"Oh, I'm creating a transparent illusion underneath me, and then just started moving it." I say now sitting on the edge instead of standing.

I then start just moving around the room. I can't move the illusions very far from me, only about a hundred feet before they start to get muddled and inaccurate, though that range increases with energy. I kinda wanna fight Behemoth again so that I can absorb all the energy I can, I wanna try and throw him into the atmosphere by launching a platform under him.

Imma see how fast I can go.

"WEEEEEE!" I shout in amusement.

Victoria reaches up and grabs my ankle.

"AAAH" I fall off and the glass saucer and onto the floor, the glass saucer dissipating.

"Vicky! Room! Now!" Mark Shouts.

"Fine! I was done eating anyway." She gets up and stomps away.

'I win!' In case It wasn't obvious, I don't like little miss Barbie Doll. While her being yelled at wasn't my goal, it still felt good to see her in trouble. I get up and looking over I see Vicky left her phone. And a notification just went off.

(3 new messages from: Ames)

"Wait, who'll go get Amy?"




Amy Dallon POV


"Where is she, why isn't she responding?"






Bonus, kinda, more of a teaser,
WARNING. This gets a little dark, mentions drug use and manipulation of a minor.




? POV


These people took her in, gave her flu shots, ones that made her happy instead of scared, made the whispers nicer. Though she was out and the funny man wouldn't give her more. And she hurt without it.

"Why? I, I, thought you were trying to help me."

"We is tryn'a help you, but you gotta helps us, this aint no charity." He said seriously with a frown.

"What, do you need help with?" He just smiled. That was good! If he was happy, he'd make her happy, right?

"That's what I'm talk'n bout!" He walks up and puts an arm around my shoulder. "You's sees, ol unky Skid is gonna give the lowdown. Money makes the world turn, without it, it stops, get it?"

"N-no, not really?" Her head hurt, she felt sick.

"We need money, no money, no drugs."

"Drugs?" weren't those bad, she wasn't taking drugs, was she? 'Mama would know what to do. I, I miss Mama.

"Happy juice." 'Oh! That was fine, drugs were bad, and bad things make you sad, so the shots can't be drugs, he must've misspoken.'

"I, think I understand."

"Good, great! So ya see we needs the supplies, to make the money, and happy juice. And there's this nice little place in downtown that has all the supplies we need, nice little place, and we could use yous help to get the stuff."

They just need help getting more? Why didn't he just say so?

"I can help!"

"Fuckin ace!"
.
.
.
.
.
A/N speaking from experience, withdrawal fucking sucks! There is currently a national shortage on ADHD medicine.

Moving on. I don't have any experience with street drugs. Only people who end up on them. I had to google various things, like architecture, I was going to have basements in a lot of locations before I learned that locations near water tend not to have them as a standard, and that was more a Midwest thing. Makes sense really, flooding is an issue. I also googled street maps of boston for the first chapter of this.

I LOVE the speculation, and I am learning that I am driven by your comments, especially the ones discussing possible outcomes.


STORY TIME.
I was telling my coworker about Kitsu right? I just mentioned her powers and he made a joke about how they could absorb energy from the impacts of having sex. (if you're reading this, you're weird. You know who you are.) I said that wasn't really an option, he asked her gender. I said a girl. He then said "They could definitely absorb some heat and energy like that! Just work up a sweat, keep it going, move onto the next guy!" I then mentioned that at the time of me telling him this. She was SIX.
He just stopped, turned around, started laughing nervously and said.
"You, You see man, You, You can't just drop that on me. You have to mention that before!"
"Before you suggest a child does all that? Feel proud of yourself?"
"You, I can't, Just make a succubus character okay? Problem solved!"
Yeah, his entire world view on fanfics was nothing but lemons.
ANYWAY just a funny little story I thought I'd share. About my perverted coworker.
.
.
Also, I intend to make a little end section at the end here where you can ask questions, whether they be directed towards characters, Kitsu, or me. Please be respectful.
Just comment questions and I'll start answering them here! :D
Last edited: Mar 10, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Vahzal Haal Rah, Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt and 491 others
Newb to the game
Mar 9, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 9
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#65
Loving all the positive feedback, it really drives me.

Made an oopsies. i posted chapter 9 and labeled it as chapter 8. so I went back and edited it to BE chapter 8.



.
.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
*Sounds/actions*
.
.
.
.
.
-Early Morning, Dallon house-




Kitsu POV


I got up super early, the apprehension test is today and I think I have enough energy from the electric surge I got yesterday, but just to be sure however I ran over there and stuck a fork in the outlet again, switched the fuse box, rinse and repeat, might have stolen a pop tart. You can't prove anything.

After I woke up from being knocked out by the pain, I ran back to the Dallon house. And decided to start making coffee for my PanPan. I would cook, but it took me about half an hour to find the coffee. And I don't think I have the time to find everything. That, and I have to stand on a chair to reach the back of the counter. And I don't want to go through all that.
I really wanna make a good impression on these people, mostly Amy and Mark, maybe Carol. Fuck Vicky at this point, if it wouldn't end badly for me, I'd use my bio kinesis to make her fat or something.

"Stupid Vicky, *Mumble* tag *Mumble* she'll be it." I really don't like Vicky right now.

'I get that I'm intruding on her home life and taking the spot light away from her. But she is being unreasonably antagonistic!'

After making the coffee my ear swivels over as I hear footsteps coming from the hall. Turning around I see Amy, walking down with a baggy shirt and jeans.

"PANPAN!" I jump up.

"Don't yell, and don't call me that." 'Aw, she's still shy!'

Grabbing the coffee and pouring a mug, I hop off the chair and rush over to her handing her the cup.

She just stares at me. "Is that poisoned?" That's cute.

"Amy, if I wanted you dead, I would shake your hand and give you cancer by denaturing the telomeres in your DNA. You would die in a few months, and it would be deemed natural cause." I say with a smile.

She just stared wide eyed. Then takes the coffee from me.

"Fuck it, if it is poisoned then at least it'll be quick." She says


'YES!'

"Yes!" I shout happily, step 1 to friendship is a go!

"What are you so happy about?" She said, eyeing me wearily.

"Because you accepted something from me! That means you trust me." I say with my tail wagging upwards happily. She just raises the mug to her mouth

"If cuteness could be weaponized." She says quietly taking a sip.

'Who says I'm not weaponizing it, I got into your house didn't I' I think to myself. And my happy mood is ruined by Vicky walking in. Wearing light-blue skinny jeans, and a blue band T-shirt.

"Oh, it's you." My tail and ears drooping with my smile.

"What is that supposed to mean!" She says stomping over to me.

"Just what I said, it's you." I say innocently, cocking my head to the side. "Are you not you? Are you a shapeshifter pretending to, be you? OH! Maybe your name is Yu! And you ARE, a shapeshifter and you got surprised because you thought I called you out! If you are a shapeshifter, can you be a nicer version of Vicky?" I am completely chewing this scene; the look of offense and confusion is priceless.

*SCHNRT*

Snapping my head over to Amy, who is covering her mouth.

She notices us looking, and likely my widening smile, and just coughs, looking away.

"This coffee is shit." She says. Not looking at us.

"Language~." I say cheekily.

"English, now fuck off." She finishes her coffee before continuing. "Alright Vicky, can you give me a ride to school with you?"

"Yeah, sure thing. Anything to get away from this gremlin." She makes it sound like a bad thing.

I get an idea. Amy walks away towards the door. I enhance my perception and grab Vicky's hand.

I see inside her body, someone's a few days away from a period, let's speed that up, and let's facilitate a mutation on a few melanocytes on her face, right on the nose. In layman's terms, I'm speeding up her period to happen in a few hours, hopefully in the middle of school, and giving her a mole on her nose. Amy could probably fix the second problem, but the first? I don't know. Maybe.

I can't just make her fat out of nowhere, that would be way too noticeable, but periods happening early every once in a while? And skin cells can mutate overnight all the time.

Letting my perception drop and letting her hand go I just smile up at her.

"What?" She says, looking at me weirdly.

"I'unno, just thought I'd high five you. And messed up." she just rolls her eyes.

"Fuckin weirdo." She says as she walks off.

I just sit at the table and wait for Carol and Mark as I think about what is about to happen. When a few minutes later Vicky stomps back in, passes me, and goes to her room. A few minutes later she steps out in darker baggier pants, goes across the hall to the bathroom. And after that stomps back out.

"What happened?" I say confused.

"None of your business brat." She grumbles.

'Okay, I know she didn't start yet so- Amy.'

I'm an idiot, Amy probably got close to her, touched her, and immediately knew what was about to happen, and warned her. Probably fixed the wart before it could pop up too.

"Darn it."




-Time skip, Midday-




Turns out Amy and Vicky are the only early risers in the Dallon house. As Mark and Carol got up an hour later at like nine. We had breakfast, Toast and cereal, and headed over to The Rig. We head to a designated parking lot and got picked up by a helicopter.

'That has to be the most inefficient method of travel. I mean isn't jet fuel expensive? I hope they had Armsmaster work on all the helicopters to enhance fuel efficiency.'

Whereas in Boston the PRT was based in a courthouse looking building, here in Brockton Bay It has a more modern, geometric shape to it, looks more like a police station, mixed with a hospital. Oh, and it's in the middle of the bay and on what looks like an oil rig platform. Mark is here, he was going to stay home, but I encouraged him to come.

We fly down on the helipad and walk out to the entrance, it's a rather sunny day, makes the fact that I'm running a high temp from all the energy stored in me even more annoying, to mitigate this I illusion up a paper fan and start using it. Of course, the PRT officers at the front take offense to me using my powers and aim guns at me.

"Go ahead and shoot me, you'll be the ones to explain to Piggot why I destroyed the front doors." The both paused at that. Looking to each other they lower their guns.

"Wunderbar! Let's get this show on the road." As I go to walk up the steps into the building, a familiar figure in blue armor steps out.

"ROBOCOP!" I shout, jumping up. Hoping to piss him off.

"Armsmaster." He grits out.

"Aaawww." I say as I slump.

"Pfft." Mark almost laughs.

"Mark!" Carol whispers at him.

"I-I'm, I just need a second. That caught me off guard." He says.

After composing himself we walk up the steps and meet with Armsmaster. Carol and Mark are left somewhere else to file some more paperwork, something about using PRT equipment and NDA's about it. He guides us inside and past a few desks and to a big set of doors. Inside was a massive room, it was pretty much a replica of the training room in Boston, just a little different. There was a bunch of equipment in the room. From what looks like a

Turning to Armsmaster I ask the blaring question.

"You're not gonna try and foam me again, are you?"

"That was a hacker-" I cut him off.

"That's a lie and we both know it. Where's Dragon, I haven't seen her in years?" I ask.

*Krzzt* the intercom blares. Though thankfully the system has been updated.

"I'm here, the director thought it prudent for to oversee and analyze the tests." There's the A.I. Waifu!

"Oh, how are you?" I ask.

There was a noticeable pause.

"I am, good?" She said perplexed.

"Are you?" I just wanna mess with someone.

"Why do you ask?" She asks back.

"I wanted to know if you got with your crush yet." I tease.

'Gremlin mode, activate.' I think mischievously

"HOW DO YOU?! *Ahem* What do you mean?" I just smile.

"Hey Armsmaster, what's that?" I point behind him.

As soon as he turned, I pointed at him and smiled at the nearest camera.

"That is a wall, let's go, we've delayed enough." He marches over to a set of bars and grabs them.

'Man, this guy is as oblivious as a Shonen protagonist.'

The tests then went as follows.

Strength test, using tungsten pressure sensors, I broke the sensors.

A standard G.E.D. Test. I got flying colors, but absolutely bombed the history segment, everything past the fifties is different.

Then a predictor test where it felt like the world's biggest mousetrap game. I failed.

A stress test, they just kept firing a laser at me to increasing levels of force, giving me free energy. They had to stop at a certain point when the lights started to flicker. It didn't hurt. Pure energy gets absorbed a little less than an inch away from me. Electricity still hurts if it's carried by something physical though. They tested my illusions; I made sure not to show them anything they haven't seen already. Glass Storm, Decoy, and Glass Plane and Glass Sword are all I've shown. Though I am working on more, like a Glass Drill, and refining my Glass saucer.

This train of events went on and on until we finished with a stamina run on the treadmill. The entire test took about four hours, two of them were the stamina running, and I just hopped off the treadmill because I was bored. I learned how to absorb the heat I produce a while ago, it's not perfect and it's a series of diminishing returns, not a perfect feedback loop of endless energy. Although it does keep me cool.

"Why did you stop?" Armsmaster asks.

"I'm bored, and let's be honest, this is enough for you to understand my basic capabilities." I point out.

"Dragon?" He shouts out.

"She's not wrong. We have the data for a baseline of her physical capacities. And the data we already have on file is enough to form a rating file." Her Newfoundland accent sounding out over the speakers.

"Out of curiosity, what is my threat rating?" I genuinely want to know what they have for me.

"I literally cannot tell you that." He says.

"LAME!" I shout at the ceiling. I'll just call Wade later and get the info from him. Haven't talked to him in a while, wonder how he's doing.

I'm starting to get hungry.

"Hey, I'm hungry, is there anything to eat?" I say directing myself towards the nearest camera.

Dragon comes out over the speakers again. "The cafeteria is open all day."

"These terms are acceptable." I say haughtily, turning to Armsmaster I hold out a hand daintily. "Your princess gives you permission to escort her, oh knight of the halbeard." I love being dramatic.

He just stares at me before turning and walking to the door. 'Jeez, would it kill him to play along just a little?'

"Follow me." He goes further and steps out the doors.

"I don't know what you see in him. You could totally do better." I regard the nearest camera again.

"He's a lot better when you get to know him." She says, almost like she was apologizing for him.

"He acts like an A.I., one with a poor understanding of human social, everything." Yes, I said A.I. in front of Dragon on purpose.

Armsmaster pops back into the room. "Are you coming?"

"Yeah, yeah." I walk over to him. As soon as he turns around, I jump onto his shoulders and my upper body on his head.

"What the?!" He goes to throw me off, but I enhance my strength to stay latched on. "Why are on me?"

"I'm tired! I don't wanna walk, and you make a decent mobile platform." I'm not tired, I just don't wanna walk.

"No, now get off." He says.

"Okay, how about this, look at it this way. I am content to stay here, as long as I am here, you know exactly where I am, you know I'm not wandering off. And if I leave, you'll know exactly when. Efficient, no?" He pauses. I am playing a dangerous game here, throwing these terms out towards the individuals they specifically apply to.

"Fine." But it's so much fun!

"Yay! March my minion!" Pointing forward.

"Don't push it."




Theresa "Dragon" Richter POV


'She knows.'

Somehow, someway, Kitsu knows not only that she is an A.I. but she also knows Collins tinker specialty.
She knows so many things she shouldn't.

"There was Panacea's sexuality, Vistas identity, Static Shocks as well, now she knows my own, secret, and Collins specialty." I say to myself.

A precog? Or an advanced postcog? This requires further investigation. In the best case scenario, she's a limited precog that can be maneuvered around. Worst case, she's a postcog, and any secrets they have are potentially open knowledge to her.

'A problem for later. Right now, there is something more pressing.'

Triple checking the feed to make sure it's recording to separate software location, for security reasons! I continue to record the halls. With Kitsu smiling atop a dutiful Armsmaster.

'SOOOO CUTE!' I didn't care what others had to say, he was a good guy under all that grumpy gruff peacekeeper exterior.




Kitsu POV


There was no reason for this, other than to see if I could. But it was fun none the less. Uncomfortable for sure, but I took joy in the stares we were getting. In case it wasn't obvious, I love being the center of attention, it's addictive.

The only thing that would make this better is if I was riding on RoboCops shoulders. I could then die happy, if I could die.

We finally made it to the cafeteria, and I spot him. Jumping off Armsmasters shoulders and parkouring over a few tables. I tackle my target in a grapple, knocking them off their seat.

"SURPRISE HUGS!" I say just as I latch on from behind.

"WOAH!" He shouts before involuntarily electrocuting me, not as bad as a surge so I stay clinging.

"Holy shit!/ What the heck!" and a cacophony of other exclamations of surprise sound out.

I had spotted one of my favorite heroes, the one I had failed to get an autograph from. Static Shock! And I most likely set off the others, seeing as I am being pulled off by two armored guys, one I recognized as Gallant, and I don't know the red one. Most of the Wards are here. They pulled me off of Static, and Gallant is now holding me up, not surprising seeing as I don't weigh a lot. 'I need to weigh myself sometime'

"Hi Gallant, how are you?" I say cheekily. I can see from the corner of my eye that Armsmaster is talking on some sort of radio built into his helmet, that or he just likes touching the side of his head while moving his lips.

"Kitsu." He says questioningly. "What are you doing here?"

I grin and throw my arms up while he is still holding me. "Surprise hugs for my favorite living hero!"

Unless Spider-Man exist in this universe, and I haven't found him yet.

I hear Static get up and exclaims quietly. "Well, boost my ego a bit." while dusting himself off.

Gallant just sighs and looks to the red armored gut.

"He means what are you doing here? As in, what are you doing at The Rig?" Red suit says.

"Firstly, who are you?" I ask.

Vista and Clockblocker just laugh with Clock going "Oof, shown up by the new guy!"

"I'm Aegis, leader of the Wards here in Brockton?" He says, expecting me to recognize him.

"OH! You're the guy that sees out his skin when people flash you!" I say in a purposefully confusing way.

"What?/Pfft!" Clock is the one that did a spit take.

"Nope, not gonna do it, not around the kid." Clockblocker says.

Vista looks up at him with a smirk. "So you do have a limit."

He looks down at her. "I'm not gonna say dirty shit in front of an eight year old."

'That's what their talking about?' I think.

"Twelve! Why does everyone think I'm so young? I don't even have much baby fat on me." It's true, I look, and am dressed, like a shorter and blonder Irida.

Vista just snaps her head to me. "Wait, you're the same age as me?!"

"Yeah, I'm a Case 53! We're not exactly known for our 'Average Appearance'. Besides, I look like this because I wanna!" I say haughtily at the end.

"What's that supposed to mean?" Aegis asks.

'Oops. I said too much. Mitigate, MITIGATE!'

"I create illusions, how do you know what you're seeing is the real me? Maybe I'm a brunette? Maybe I'm super-hot and just look this small because it's easier than being ogled at by perves?" I say with false confidence. 'Please buy it.'

"Yeah right." Clock says.

At that I enhance my arms and legs, launch myself out of Gallants hands. I ball up in the air, create a flash of light, go invisible and leave a decoy of an older and much more, filled out, version of myself while I scoot carefully across the table towards the edge. Think a blue eyed Yang Xiao-Long.

"I am right." Decoy me says in more mature tone of my voice. Sauntering towards Clockblocker. "I like it when a good little boy like yourself can recognize what is-" *Shatter*

'What?'

I look back to see Vista had broken the illusion with a chair, and Gallant was staring in my direction.

"Kitsu, I- my tech can sense emotions, I know where you are, and I know when something isn't a real person." oh right, he pretends to be a tinker.

'Damnit.' I think. I sit cross-legged on the edge of the table and dispell the invisibility. "It was just a prank?" I shrug nervously.

Clockblocker, who was shrunken back in his chair, just looks over at Vista.

"You couldn't let it last just a little longer." At that Vista just raises the chair menacingly.

"I'll be good!" He shouts quickly raising his hands in surrender.

"I ship it." I say out loud.

"What?!" Vista says turning to me with a blush. Chair still raised.

"Nothing!" I say quickly. Being whacked with a chair is not on my to-do list today.

Aegis just steps around Gallant. "Kitsu, please answer the question, why are you here, at The Rig?"

"Hmm? Oh, I'm taking the apprehension test." I answer.

Everyone got quiet, and Vista dropped the chair.

"Does, that mean your joining the Wards?" Gallant asked.

"What? No! Eww! I don't wanna join a group just so I can be paraded around as a mascot and be railroaded on what I'm allowed to do, only to eventually end up stifled as they keep me from ever really helping others because they 'Can't risk a PR scandal with the Youth Guard.'" I say mockingly.
Vista just looks down with a frown.

"Then why are you taking the test?" Aegis is the first to regain his composure.

"I'm looking to gain citizenship, due to my Case 53 status I needed to take the test in order for the government to get a baseline of my physical capabilities." I say calmly. I can't wait to see their reaction to me dropping the bomb, that I'm joining New Wave.

I personally am surprised more Case 53's haven't joined New Wave, their whole thing is about taking accountability for Cape action, no secret identities and all that. And in case it wasn't obvious, Case 53's don't get to have secret identities. Even with my shapeshifting, my immortality works by keeping me in a static state of being, if I fall asleep or go an extended period without reworking it, I'll turn back to my fox-like appearance.

In other words, my own immortality, prevents me from changing myself for long. Kind sucks.

"Why would you need citizenship? Looking to get a credit card? Last I checked you just stole everything you needed." Clockblocker finally pipes up.

"Oh, well Stopwatch." I start.

"Hey!"

"It's not a good look if New Wave's newest member is an illegal alien." 'That and I think Mark wants to adopt me.'

"..." Everyone goes quiet. Aegis, the only one with visible eyes, just widens his to comical proportions.
'I wonder if I could revive the New Wave movement? Maybe that's why they're are scared.'

Or maybe they're just surprised at me joining an established group after years of avoiding the PRTs attempts to both capture and or recruit me, it really depended on where I was and which director was calling the shot in the area. The Midwest seems united in trying to capture me, maybe force me into a deal like they did to Madcap who turned into Assault. The West Coast wants nothing more than to recruit me, and I feel I could get each director's right hand lobbed of on a silver platter if I asked in exchange for my recruitment, the East Coast can't seem to make up its mind.

*RRM* *RRM*

As I was thinking this a siren goes off. 'My poor ears!'

Dragon's voice floods the intercom.

"Will the following Wards please report to dispatch, I repeat will the following Wards please report to dispatch. Gallant, Vista, Clockblocker and Aegis. I repeat Gallant, Vista, Clockblocker and Aegis. Will the following Protectorate please report to dispatch. I repeat will the following Protectorate please report to dispatch. Assault, Velocity, and Battery. I repeat Assault, Velocity, and Battery."

"What's going on?" I say slightly panicked.

"Don't know, no time, gotta go." Gallant says as he gets up and rushes out. Along with Aegis, Vista, Clockblocker, and Static Shock. Now I'm curious. What could cause so many of the Wards and Protectorate to be called in?

*RINNNG*

My phone rings to the tune of Boom Boom Pow. Looking at the Caller I.D. I see its Wade. Weird, he never calls me, I only ever call him.

"Hola Kemosabe! Watcha want Wade, wanna willfully. Uh, I ran out of alliterations." I intone.

"Hey just a heads up, you're living with the Dallons, right?" A young voice responds dispassionately.

"I wanna know how you know that later, but yes." It doesn't surprise me he knows. He probably hacked my phone's GPS and cross referenced the address with local identities, if it's in a computer somewhere, Wade will know, and if it's not, he'll find out. It just sucks that he charges a premium for info.

"Yeah, just thought I'd let my favorite client know that the merchants are currently attacking Medhal General Hospital. And Panacea is currently there." He says calmly.

I won't lie, I mentally blank for a few seconds.

"Kitsu?" He asks. "I'm a, just, hang up now."

*Click*

'Someone is going to die~'

Enhancing my speed and perception I absolutely tear through the PRT building, enhancing my durability and jumping out a window. Cutting off the enhancements I fall towards the bay below, creating a procedural slide with my illusions, creating more in front and destroy what's behind to preserve energy. I do this to ride out the velocity from the fall and preserve as much energy as I can before creating my invisible Glass Saucer and fly forward.

'I'm gonna do some evil shit, do da~ do da~. Don't care if I get away with it, oh the do da day~.'

[Concern; Inquiry, Plans?]

Now that we're away from all the capes [Conduit] speaks up.

"Simple, I'm gonna murderize any and all who dare harm my cute little healer." I say sweetly. "I just got this life on a decent track. And I am going to make it abundantly clear to all who dare endanger that way of life, consequences and punishments will be dealt liberally." I normally only think to [Conduit] but talking is rather cathartic right now.




-Meanwhile-




Vista POV


We are currently situated in dispatch, on the top floor next to the helipad entrance. Armsmaster and Dragon just gave us all the details. The Archer's Bridge Merchants are attacking a hospital for and stealing all the drugs locked up in the place, considering it's an extension of Medhal Pharmaceuticals, it has a lot. And they're doing it by freezing the place out. Reports say they froze the door and burst through with one of Squealers Tinker-Tech armored vans. After that Skidmark, Scarecrow, Trainwreck, and Porcupine, started raiding the place with about two dozen or so junkies.

'This was ridiculous. Apparently, the Merchants up and decided to attack Medhal for a drug run. And we're just sitting here?'

I can't stand the inaction and I make that clear to Armsmaster. "Sir, we can't just stay here and do nothing! People are dying! We should be saving them, it's a hospital they're attacking!"

He looks to me. "Vista I under-"

*BRRRM*

Whatever he was about to say is cut off by red flashing lights and an alarm I'd never thought I'd hear. That was the security alarm, and it meant someone or something broke through the wall of The Rig.

"DRAGON!" Armsmaster shouts through the alarm. "What is going on?!"

The alarm shuts off. And the speakers sound up.

"It's, kind of a false alarm?" Dragon sounded unsure.

"What do you mean, kinda?" Clock said, saying what most of us were no doubt thinking.

"Well, no one broke in per se, but someone sure as heck broke out. After the Wards got called in Kitsu got a phone call. Part way through she went stoneface and, ran out the window." She says, almost apologetically.

'What? Weren't those windows made from Tinker-Tech?'

"Where was she headed?" Armsmaster asks.

"Her trajectory put her on course towards, Medhal." If Dragon were here in person, I imagined she would be trying to hide behind a clipboard.

…

"Wards to the helipad, the Merchants walking away with a bunch of drugs we can deal with, we cannot deal with an irate Kitsu on a warpath." Armsmaster commands.

'That was what got them moving! People dying was acceptable, but Kitsu getting involved meant go for it?!' As I was internally screaming at the bullshit around me Armsmaster continued.

"Assault, take Gallant, Vista, and Clockblocker with you to try and intercept Kitsu if possible, try and calm her, failing that, engage to capture." Clockblocker jerked at that.

"NOPE! Nuh-uh, not happening!" He stands up making a serious of gesture to mean no.

"Clockblocker that is an order." Armsmaster says firmly.

"And I invoke my right to deny any non-essential mission. The capture of a cape who is not actively, at this moment, threatening lives, counts as non-essential." He recites.

'Wow, I didn't think Dennis paid any attention to the rules they read him during orientation.'

"Hrrm, fine. Assault, take Velocity, Gallant, and Vista. Same orders."

"Got it boss man." Assault fake salutes.

"Battery, you're with me, we're headed straight to Medhal." Armsmaster says again.

'At least I'll be doing something today.' I think glumly.




-Meanwhile, again-



Kitsu POV


Once I pass the bay's waterfront, I hit the rooftops and start running. I'm not able to maintain any illusions with my current state of panic and anger. So, I don't. I'm jumping from rooftop to rooftop. Creating platforms wherever needed. I have the energy to keep going all the way to the hospital and back so I'm not too worried, but better safe than sorry.

As I keep running and hopping, I hear something, unusual tailing behind me. Enhancing my perception further so I don't trip and ragdoll down the side of a building. And I see a, ghost man? He like, he's running super fast, but he's transparent almost. Then I remember who he is, Velocity. So, the heroes are finally on their way, that's good.

With the knowledge that I might have backup invigorating me I run even faster. Then I feel, sad? Now I'm happy, and now I'm PISSED. Turning around and skidding to a stop to see what the hell is going on I get scared as I'm hit with a yellow beam. And now it makes sense. Gallant, and he just rolled up from one roof to another, likely Vistas doing.

"What are you doing!" I shout with a slight crack in my voice. How long does fear last? Please don't be long, I hate this.

"Kitsu, we've been told to stop you from making the situation worst." Gallant says.

My eye twitches as I can't help but think of the audacity of the PRT at how they just up and think they can do this. I see Vista rock up in the background using her trippy as hell spatial distortion. She just hangs in the back. And I see Assault launch onto a rooftop. Great, any illusions I make, Vista will be able to tell they're not real due to her power saying she can distort space around them. And any attacks I throw out could be intercepted by Assault.


Beating them is going to be tricky, but then again, I don't have to beat them, I just have to outrun them. And with fear fading, Gallant inadvertently gave me a clear head.

I just look around them and regard Gallant with a smug little smile. "Well then, catch me if you can!" I turn and hear him smack into a Glass Pane I made in front of him. Oh, I wish I could see it. But I gotta go, Amy is in danger, she refuses to use her power for any other purpose than to heal, and the Merchants are some of the sickest individuals out there. There's no telling what they'll do to her.




Bonus




Carol Dallon POV


Almost done with the metric shitload of paperwork, I can't help but think of how I got myself into this mess.

'Oh right, I fell in love a man who has the biggest bleeding heart ever.'

Now here I am, at PRT headquarters with said man next to me in a chair, as I fill out all the necessary requirements to make us the caretakers of one Kitsu. The only upside to this is that Kitsu listens to Mark for whatever reason, she was betting Kitsu latching on to Mark out of a need for a parental figure. That and Kitsu is easily bribed, mostly with food and TV time. She's genuinely rather polite, when she isn't trying to antagonize Vicky. But maybe that's a good thing. Victoria needs to learn not every problem can be solved with brute force.

*RRM* *RRM*

"What's going on?" Mark inquires.

"It's just the dispatch alarm Mark, they sound it when they need to send a bunch of off patrol capes out. Probably a cape fight that needs broken up at the Docks." I say. I just now realized that Mark has never been to the PRT HQ.

Then we hear Dragon.

"Will the following Wards please report to dispatch, I repeat will the following Wards please report to dispatch. Gallant, Vista, Clockblocker And Aegis. I repeat Gallant, Vista, Clockblocker and Aegis. Will the following Protectorate please report to dispatch. I repeat will the following Protectorate please report to dispatch. Assault, Velocity, and Battery. I repeat Assault, Velocity, and Battery."

…

"Okay, that is a bit much for a single cape fight, maybe Lung is involved?" I suggest.

"Carol, I have a bad feeling about this." Mark worriedly says.

I do too, I've only been here a few times, mostly to fill out paperwork to keep Vicky out of jail for breaking PRT equipment. But I've only ever heard at most three or five called to dispatch.

Then the lights flash red.

*BRRRM*

Not long after it started it stopped.

"What was that one?" Mark asks.

"I, don't know. I've never heard that one." I answer.

*Ring*

My phone goes off, I answer it.

"Uh, Mrs. Dallon?" I hear Dragon.

"Yes?" I ask.

"I'm not supposed to do this, but the first alarm was for an attack on Medhal General Hospital."
I feel a small pit form in my stomach. 'isn't that where Amy works?'

"Okay?" I say.

"And the second one was an automatic alarm that was set off due to someone breaking in. Or it's supposed to be. I'll just say it, Kitsu broke out of the building and ran off towards Medhal." She says.

"What!?" I yell. 'I'm not sure how I should feel about that.'

"What? Dear what is it?"

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N
Scarecrow from DC. And Porcupine is from Marvel. I love the idea of Scarecrow being a Drug-Tinker working for the Merchants. And Porcupine has a suite full of needles filled with fluids and other nasties for bad effects, like nitroglycerine so that they explode on impact. An armored tinker who uses needles to inject victims with drugs? Or a breaker who stores substances in himself to inject into others after storing up enough? I haven't decided. They won't be one-to-one faithful adaptations, just inspirations. I did this because Skidmark is said to have 9 powers under his thumb. Yet there are only 5 capes mentioned as being part of the merchants. Skidmark being one of them. That leaves 4 spots open to interpretation.
Next chapter is going to be more action packed.
Also I know I mentioned Armsmaster being on mandatory leave, I meant for that to refer to patrols.
QUESTIONS!

For Newb to the Game.

Q: Dancingleaf: You asked if Kitsu could transfer energy instead of just reinforcing herself.

A: No, she can only reinforce aspects of herself. Redirection of energy is not part of her powerset. She can increase her body temp and is working on trying something with that.

Q: Anonymous PM: Kitsu has Adaptable Martial Arts. Does that mean she knows martial art? If so what kind?

A: Kitsu doesn't know any martial arts outside of what she taught/learned herself, mostly street fighting, she is just very good at adapting those few things she knows into whatever fight she is in, combining it with parkour to annoy enemies and keep them from setting traps.
For Kitsu

Kitsu: No wants to ask me anything, really? I think I'm gonna cry.

For [Conduit]

…

For others

...



You can ask questions. They just won't appear in the story. Seeing as this is chapter 8. And I'm currently writing chapter 58 over on FFN.
Last edited: Apr 9, 2024
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Vahzal Haal Rah, Dapperlurker and 492 others
Newb to the game
Mar 10, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 10
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#76
A/N Really got hyped for this chapter. I'm going to have to split the events between two chapters if I want to keep this being bi-weekly. This chapter really shows a glimpse of how sadistic Kitsu is willing to get when she is upset.


-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
*Sounds/actions*









Kitsu POV


Running as fast as I can without over doing it, there becomes a point where the energy to enhancement stops being one to one. It's minor, but it's best to conserve as much as I can. I keep slowing down because Gallant keeps blasting me with a mess of emotion beams. Anger, which makes me wanna turn 'round and fight, fear, which makes me stumble in an attempt to run faster, sorrow made me slow down, want to surrender. And he kept hitting despite me zigzagging, Vista being the biggest pain in this regard.

At least the impact of the beams kept refilling me slightly.

Velocity was mostly just there, trying to corral me in a different direction. I tried to leap over him, only to jump up towards the roof as I fell towards the sky, Vista warping space to make me jump in a loop.

"I'm getting really mad here!" I shout getting back up.

"We just want you to stop! Let us handle this!" Gallant shouts. Shooting a beam at me again I feel an intense anger.

"I WILL NOT LET AMY GET HURT!" Enhancing everything, I run and stop at the edge of the rooftop we're on.


I turn to see Velocity not five feet from me before I tackle/grab his legs. Ever grab cotton candy? It felt like that, anyway I tossed him off the side of the building, a five-story fall, so unless he smacks his head first, he'll be fine, broken and bruised, but breathing.

*CRASH* *RMM* *RMM* *RMM*

Sounds like he hit a parked car.

"ONE DOWN! WHO'S NEXT!" I shout.

I see Gallant in front of me and try to conjure a decoy, but I'm too pissed to focus! I just swipe my hand in front of me like I'm backhanding someone, sending a dark, reddish purple, highspeed, shattered triangular pixelated, arc at him. It hits him and I hear metal screech as he gets sent flying off the roof to the alley below. I calm down and think clearly.

'Holy shit I can do that? I'm coining that Distortion Wave, right now! That looked cool as hell. Also is he alright?'

Looking around I spot Vista warping space so that Assault gets here in two steps.

"Kitsu look, I know this looks bad, but-" I cut him off by jumping off the side of the building landing on the sidewalk.

"OW!" It feels like I stubbed a toe, throughout my legs. My fault for straight dropping down instead of rolling or just crouching when I landed.

I see Velocity face down on top a blue Prius. I rip his glove off and see what's up.

'Broken nose, dislocated rib, fractured jaw. He'll be fine.' I fix the dislocated rib, just in case.

There are plenty of civilians down here, just watching, some running, some calling the PRT, some recording me with their phones. So, I calmly walk towards a street sign. As I reach the sign, I make myself invisible. And leave a decoy of myself sitting on the curb adjacent to me. With my enhanced speed and perception this all probably took less than 3 seconds, I'm running on a fourth of what I had this morning, so I needed to end this as quickly as I could.

As I thought, Assault landed on the street by walking, Vista is hard at work here. He stops when spotting me, my decoy that is, sitting on the sidewalk. He walks over to me.

"Kitsu, look, we just want you to stay back and not do anything rash." He tries.

My decoy speaks. "I can't just leave Amy alone. I know she can handle herself, but I'm worried."

Assault just got closer and sat next to my decoy. He really does have a soft spot for kids.

"Kitsu, I know, you think you gotta do this. That only you can be trusted to do this. But you need to trust us on this one, leave it to the heroes." He's only half right, I know others can do this.

But I want to show those who threaten the few I've come to care for, why doing so is a bad idea.

This time I speak. "You really are a good guy, sucks that you're naïve. I guess Battery just likes the lovable idiot type."

He goes to jump up but I work quickly. I bend and wrap the sign around his torso, up around his left shoulder and left arm.

"What the?! Kitsu let me out!" He shouts.

"No." I walk away and jump back up to the roof.

Spotting Vista two roofs away I wave and smile.
She just raises her hands in surrender and shakes her head. Smart girl.

I then walk over to the edge where Gallant fell over. Jumping down, parachute landing this time. I look around for Gallant, gotta make sure I didn't kill him. When I get hit from above by a beam making me angry.

Looking up I see Gallant on a fire escape two stories above me, the damage to his suit ruining the whole high-tech Lancelot look he had going on. Enraged I throw another Distortion Wave under him, destroying the fire escape under him. He panics and rapid-fire blasts a series of beams at me. They all feel like a punch to the gut and fill my energy stores back up. Making me almost break even in terms of energy in this fight. I'm a bit tired from the rapid shift in mood, but the biggest thing taking my attention was how warm I felt. A weird warmth in my lower gut, and a tingling running along my sides. Combined with a heavy chest. I realize what had happened.

'That bastard hit me with a lust beam!' I think angrily.




Dean 'Gallant' Stansfield POV


Getting up from falling two stories I can't help but groan at how all this was going. I had panicked and just shot off a bunch of beams, I don't even know what I launched at her, I just blasted, expended most of my charges, and hoped for the best. Part of my helmet is broken, and the upper right falls off, exposing my eye.

I only have enough to shoot a few more times before I need to rest.

Crawling out of the wreckage of the fire escape, I look over to Kitsu, she's sitting hunched over on all fours, blushing and breathing heavily. And I slightly panic, seeing the aura around her I realize how much I fucked up.

"P-Pervert!" She yells at me. I quickly go to blast her with something else, calm this time, to try salvage as much of this as I can.

*SHATTER*

Only for her to throw up a decoy last second while scooting away backwards.

"Deviant! Pedophile! What is wrong with you, I look like a child!" She shouts while tossing blue green daggers at me.

"I thought you said you were twelve?" I don't know what compelled me to say that but I did.

"I-I am, and you're sixteen! O-or, w-well, that's only four years, right? That's not too bad, in ten years that won't mean anything, right." she says stuttering, blushing and bringing her hands up to hold her face while smiling shyly.

I would be lying if I said it didn't make his heart skip a little. She looks like a blushing school girl, and it would honestly be cute. If it wasn't for the fact that I knew it was a lust filled fantasy that I caused!

"A-and, you're with Vicky, she's pretty shallow, she wouldn't date a guy who was ugly. And y-you're always breaking up! So, it's fine, right? Right!" She looks to me with an eagerness that can only be described as cute.

Wait, Vicky wasn't shallow! Though I will take the complement.

'I need to end this before I cause any more damage' I resolved.

Blasting another beam, she gets hit and knocked back. Feeling bad I run over to her, making sure she's okay.

"Kitsu, I am so sorry, I swear I didn't mean-" And all I saw were stars.




Kitsu POV


Uppercutting him and knocking him out, I get up and stretch. Upset at how dirty my white clothes are now. I could probably get Parian to rework a wardrobe for me. She tries her best to avoid anything to do with capes, but I'm an exception seeing as no one wants to piss me off. If for no other reason than if Behemoth pops up nearby.

Yeah, I totally hammed up the UWU blushing schoolgirl crush act there, I was horny, not in love. And I may have hit him with my Love Me power to fuck with him. It only works on one person at a time, and I need eye contact, but I was not thinking straight. And he can suffer for that, I know it was an accident, but I'm petty. He can deal with a day or two of being romantically and sexually confused. Which are two days Vicky will suffer her boy toy thinking about another girl!

I probably won't make it last more than a day. He's a genuinely good guy, just got lumped in with shitty people. But I'm letting my mind wander, I need to get going.

Jumping back up to the rooftops, I see Vista had moved to the top the roof going I was just on, going to peek over the edge. She notices me and pales significantly. Throwing her hands up in surrender and looking away she shouts.

"I swear I was just going to check on him! I heard yelling and-" She starts.

Hmm, her power is rather good. She just needs a good chance to use it.

"Hey, one, stop yelling, I'm right here not across the street, two, you're coming with me." I tell her.

"What? HEY!" I grab her and continue my rooftop free run to Medhall with her over my shoulder.

"Come young sidekick, innocents need saving! And bad guys need spanking!" I shout jumping across a rooftop.

"I'm not a sidekick!" She protests.

"You meet all the requirements! Short!" I count.

"Hey!" She yells. "I'm still taller than you!"

"Cute! Blonde! And very powerful while still being weaker than me!" I can see Medhall, it's covered in a thin layer of ice, making it shine a little.

"I'm not weak!" She shouts.

"Didn't I ask you to stop shouting? I will drop you!" I threaten.

"..."

"And I never said you were weak, just weaker than me! Makes no since for my sidekick to be stronger than me! Then I would be the sidekick, I'm gonna call you, Escher, no, Warp? Nah, Vista is good." I say.

"I'm being kidnapped by an incel weebs wet dream. This is my life." Okay, that was funny. But I still take offence.

"But Onee-san! I wanna be with you!" I feel her shiver in disgust. We're here.

"God? Kill me, please. I don't care if I go to-humph!" I dropped her on a rooftop across from the hospital. And surveyed the area.

It appears I got here before the others, there's a junkyard armored 18-wheeler backed through the front door. It looks as if Edd, Ed, and Eddy made a truck after having watched Mad Max and playing Twisted Metal. Rusted, spiked, unsymmetric, and looking as though made from scratch, which it probably was. Impressive in how many laws it probably broke by just existing. There were a few gangbangers around the truck with guns. Good, no civilians, I can have fun.

Turning to Vista, I narrowed my eyes and begin.

"Help or don't help, I don't care, but try and stop me from saving Amy, and I'll show you how I leveled Eagleton."


I smelled the scent of ammonia as I leapt from the roof to the entrance. Rolling again to avoid the pain of impact. I march to the destroyed door. I'm being pelted with bullets from all sides, and they just squish against me like they did against Superman. Steadily increasing my energy. I march to the truck and jam my trough the cab door. Tearing it off and throwing it against a random mook who was running at me with a barbed wire bat.

Looking back towards the truck I get blasted in the face with a 12-gauge sawed off. Letting the impact knock my head back, keeping it there for dramatic effect before slowly looking back at the driver, a skimpy trailer park wife type girl, Squealer, I narrow my eyes and turn them red. The change burns for a few seconds till it completes, but the way she pisses her overalls was satisfying. The look of surprise and fear is a guilty pleasure.

And one hell of a power trip.

"Tell me, you're with Skidmark right? Are you two married?" I ask sweetly, smiling innocently.

"Th-the fuck you wanna know fox bitch!" She stutters out in a mousey voice. And goes to shakily reload the sawed off. I let her. She then aims it at me again, only this time I grab the end of the barrel and hold it to my forehead and she pauses.

"Go, on~." I say slowly. "You can do it~." I give a vulpine grin with my sharper than normal canines.

She pulled the trigger, only this time I don't let it knock my head back. And with my hand keeping it in place the blast went back and blew off the chamber, ruining the gun and blasting her hands to bloody bits.

"AAAaaaagh." She screams, now she's crying, likely in massive pain as her hands just turned to ground beef all over the driver's compartment.

*Crack*

Someone just broke a wooden bat over my head. Turning to them, a scraggly bald man in a tattered coat, I just smack him with a folded glass ball illusion and knock him out. Turning back to Squealer who is now just weeping over her mangled hands.

"Are you and Skidmark married?" I ask monotonously this time.

"W-why?" She cries.

"Because I want to know if I'm about to make a widow today." I reach up and grab her by the throat. Cutting off her blood flow.


She flails and swings her stumps at me, covering me in her blood. As I feel her go slack, I lay her back down and work on healing her hands, trust me when I say she had enough fat in her chest to make up the biomass, I only pulled from the right breast to fuck with her, make buying bras forever a pain.

I wanted to scare the shit out of her, not kill her. And all things considered I get a feeling she is more of a victim than a perpetrator. Amy was my target here, maybe Skidmark for doing all this.

*VRRRM*

'And here comes the cavalry'

A blue light flashes throughout the corner of my vision. Turning I see Battery knocking out and rounding up the half dozen or so guys out here. Aegis flying down and Armsmaster rocking up in the Armscycle, Clockblocker in side car on the side.

'At that point just make a car.'

"Well~, Looks like backup arrived, what took ya so long? One would think with Vista's ability to shorten distances you would get here in seconds! Oh wait, you sent her to stop me." I say soothingly. "Along with Assault, Gallant, and Velocity." I list off slowly.

Battery goes to speak first. "Kitsu, we're only trying to keep you from escalating things."

"Funny, Assault said almost the same thing, or was it, Gallant?" I cock my head to the side. "Either way, one is wrapped around a stop sign and the other is sleeping in an alleyway next to a wrecked fire escape." She pauses at that.

I take a breath before continuing.

"I'll tell you lot the same thing I told Vista, help me or don't help me, I don't care. But try and stop me from saving Amy, and I'll show you how I leveled Eagleton."


I turn towards driver's seat and yank Squealer out and toss her towards Battery who catches the junkyard junkie. After that I punch a hand through the dashboard and grab the steering wheel through it, yanking it out and bending the pole of the steering wheel beyond recognition, effectively rendering the armored truck inoperable.

Unless there's a backup system I don't know about.
Armsmaster hops out after detaching the cars that parked themselves.

'Okay, that's cool,' I admit to myself.

He looks over to me and detaches his halberd from his back. "Kitsu, leave this to us. This is not a job for an Independent."

"Jokes on you Armsy, I'm not independent anymore! I'm apart of New Wave!" I shout proudly before taking in their surprised expressions, or rather just Battery's open mouth and Armsmaster tightening his jaw.

He goes to say something else, but I quickly run inside the building to see a vacant reception room covered in frost. I'm doing decent on energy, less than I would like, but enough to last a fight with a cape or two. Running through the halls, following the destruction, blood, and jumping over the occasional Merchant strewn out on the floor with a needle in their arm. The vast majority of patients likely having fled with only the bed ridden or idiotic having stayed.
In the halls I spot a tanned man covered in spines, like, his hair was needles and he had needles growing out of his forearms, and he had bandoliers full of canisters on him. He turns and spots me, smiling a yellow toothed grin and a gleam in his brown eyes. With a gruff voice that sounds as though he'd been smoking the last twenty years he speaks.

"Well, looks like I found me a cutie." I REALLY don't like how he said that.

'Don't judge, he might just be bad at talking.' I calm myself.

"Um, I don't know if you're trying to sound cool, but that was excessively creepy." I say hopefully.

"And cute voice too, I'll enjoy you-"

"NOPE!" I cut off the creep before he could continue.
I run over to him, grab his spiked wrist, Jump up and over him. At the arc of the jump, I put my free hand on his shoulder, pivoting to put my feet on his upper back. I push and rip his arm off.

"AAAaaRgH! You little cunt!" He shouts. Absolutely screaming bloody murder.

I then take the severed by the shoulder, so that the spines on the forearm act like a mace. And start beating him with his own arm.

"AAArgh, Stop! Stop! Please I surrender just stop!" He pleads.

Looking down at my handiwork, I'm slightly disgusted. Pale from blood loss. His face is a shredded mess, with one of his eyes shredded with a needle stuck in it. His shoulder stump is bleeding profusely, so against all my better judgement I touch him and heal his shoulder. He's still going to be Willy the one-armed, one-eyed wonder. But he can keep the three different STD's, Crohn's disease and gout.
I, almost feel bad. Squealer I just scared the shit out of, while he is going to be handicapped the rest of his life. Again, I almost feel bad.

Almost.

Leaving him pale, bleeding from the face and passing out. I continue my rush down the hall, I make it to the ICU ward and in a room void of patients I spot Amy being kept hostage with a punch of other doctors by a tall, pale and rotund man in rusted junkyard power armor. With greasy hair and round goggles, I can only assume this is Trainwreck.

I run over and do the same thing to him that I did to Needles. After ripping his arm off, I notice it's just a prosthetic. Looking down at it, then looking up at him.

"I'm sorry, I thought it was real." I can't reattach this.

"Wuzzat s'pose t'mean?!" he says in a deep almost staticky voice.

"I, I just. If it were real, I could just reattach it after I beat, you." I say wincing.

He just regards me with more frustration.

"Yeah, well now I've gotsa r'make m'own arm!" He complains.

"I said I was sorry!" I whack him over the head with his robo arm.

"D'oh!" he then collapses in a heap.

"Okay." I say slowly. "Why would he not where a helmet if it was that easy?"

"Because they're all idiots who are so high, they couldn't find their asses if they had a map and a flashlight. Fuck, they'd probably roll up the map into a blunt and hollow out the flashlight into a bong." I hear the grumpy voice.

Turning I see my favorite grumpy healer. With tears in my eyes, and turning them back to their sea green gemstone color, I rush over jump up to hug her, knocking us both over.

"Hey!" She shouts.

"OH PANPAN! I WAS SO SCARED! YOU FOUL MOUTH MINDED GWUMPY HEALER!" I coddle said healer.

"Stop yelling and get off of me!" she tries to toss me off.

"NYO! I will nyat let go. I'm gonna hug you and squeeze you and feed you cookies till you are a happy healer at the hospital." Have I ever mentioned I love being extra? Because I do.

"Shouldn't you be out there saving the hospital?" Amy says.

"Nope. I just came here for you and you alone. The PRT are here for the rest." I say.

She sighs and continues. "Kitsu? If you save everyone at the hospital I'll, I'll play Uno with you and Mark." she says defeated.

"Really?!" I get up and look at her with a wide smile.

"Yes." she says.

"DEAL!" I jump up and run out the ICU ward. Running out, I stop and run back.

"Why didn't you call Vicky?" I ask peeking around the corner.

"My phone was charging in the break room and they attacked when I was here, now go, I gotta do a round and make sure the back-up generator is keeping everyone alive." She explains.

"Do you want me to call her?" I ask.

"You have a phone?" She asks.

I fish out of my back pocket and just hold up my stolen jailbroke smartphone.

She gives me Vicky's number and after a voice mail I just send a text.

Running back out I pass a few merchants, breaking all their knees and leaving them screaming on the ground. I looted a few of them for cash. My clothes are ruined with blood and grime at this point and Parian charges me a premium for getting her involved. I have about $400 from all the mooks. Not enough really.

'Meh I'll just bust into a drug house and steal the cash later.'

It's getting colder and colder as I travel through the halls to the employee sections, chilled to the point I can see my breathe. I really hope they don't have a genuine cryomancer. That would suck for me. I absorb energy and ice is formed from the transference of energy leaving something. If I get stuck in ice, all I could do is increase my body temp and hope it melts fast enough. Or enhance my strength and bust out.

Running further I see the man of the hour, Skidmark, rail thin and spindly. Dark mocha skin in a blue half mask, blue shirt and black leather pants. The man looks like he didn't know how to shave, but tried anyway. He was breaking into a caged pill cabinet and throwing everything into a trash bag. He already had two filled next to him.

I don't even give him the courtesy of conversation, he is known as an intelligent man, and I have no plans of allowing him to display that intelligence as I run over and punch him in his lower back. Snapping his spine. Folding like a lawn chair he screams, first in surprise, then in pain and panic.

"Holy fuckshit! What the shit is yous doing here!" He shouts through cracked yellow teeth. Splayed in a heap on the ground, his clothes starting to glow.

"Simple, I'm here because you attacked the workplace of one of the few people who I've come to care for." I say calmly.

"The fuck you on about?!" He shouts.

I just grab his gloved hand, now glowing. And crush it.

"Aaaaeiyaaaa!" He lets out a high pitched wail.

"it means I'm out of patience and you will answer my questions. End of story." I'm running low on energy. I only have enough in me for a single fight.

"Now tell me, who all is here." He punches me in the face. I just turn my eyes red and snap his forearm.

"FUUUCK! Bitch! When my crew gets to me you'll be a pulp and then I let Porcupine have your ass!" Nice knowing he was an actual creep, makes me feel justified in adding him to the ranks of the handy-capable.

"I already took out Squealer, Trainwreck, and I assume Porcupine. Needle headed guy?" I ask.

"Yous ain't gots shit on our new gal. She'll freeze your ass off and hand it to you with a fuckin smile" He says with a crooked smile.

"Kay, I assume she's the one that froze the place then." I touch his face and reconnect his spinal cord and fix his back before slamming his head into the cabinet, twice. He didn't conk out the first time.

'Now I have to find miss Snow Miser, lovely'

Getting up and running further down the halls it gets colder, I normally love the cold, what with how my body heats up the more energy I have. But this just fills me with a sense of unease. Who could be so powerful a cryokinetic that they froze over an entire hospital, and still be rearing to go?

Running further I hear something.

"Mama? Where are you? I don't know what to do. Am I doing the right thing?" A young girl speaks quietly, almost a whisper really. You could hear the calm sadness in her voice. Making a turn I see her.

At the end of the hallway, facing me with widening eyes, a pale, blue skinned girl with white hair.

"Permafrost?"
.
.
.
.
BONUS
.
.
Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane
.
After his father Jonathan Crane, the original Scarecrow, killed himself when his doctorate was revoked. All because his identity was revealed when a news reporter broke the unwritten rules, just after The Marquis was taken down, and the Brockton Bay Brigade unmasked themselves and formed the New Wave movement.

He was left to the streets at only 10 years of age. And after surviving in the train yard for five or so years, under constant fear someone would find him and take the revenge they couldn't get now that his father was dead. Someone finally found him and chased him into a drug lab. After knocking out the cooker holed up in there, he took over the equipment, struggling to remember his father's craft. And after an epiphany that he would later learn was called a trigger event. He managed to concoct his first, and favorite, aerosol drug.

He smiled fondly, after all, you always remember your first. His father was a Focal Tinker. Working with fear. Smoke bombs, rays, and light emitters that all caused fear in others, he was one of The Marguis's main enforcers. When he triggered, he recreated the Fear Smoke, a final connection between him and his father. Something to remember him by till the day he died. he was a Combat Tinker, specializing in aerosols, air-based drugs. Creating hallucinogens, narcotics, amphetamines, phosgene's and more! It was beautiful, it was deadly. And it was what earned him a premier spot in the Merchants.
He loathed these people. These sycophants and ignoramuses. They only care for his ability to give them easy highs. But they gave him all the necessary materials and even test subjects, as long as it was under the pretense of making the next big high, they didn't care. If a random volunteer went raving mad or even melted from the inside out, well, that was just a bad batch. Give them a couple batches of the best narcotics they never had, and they quickly wrote it off as an oopsie.

He couldn't go to the ABB, he wasn't Asian. The E88? He may be a psychopathic emotionally stunted self-proclaimed scientist, but even he had moral standards. The PRT then? No, they wouldn't take him, they told him he would have to get rid of the fear smoke. He refused to get rid of the last connection he had to his father. So the Merchants were all that was left.

And stepping out of one of the offices to see Skidmark get manhandled by a little girl and hear that Squealer was out of commission, as well as the spy Trainwreck and the pedophile Porcupine? Well that was perfect. With enough smarts, and he had plenty, he could escape here unscathed and take over the Merchants. Squealer would be a harsh loss, but if he was honest with himself he knew she would never listen to him unless he was working to get Skidmark out.

Step one. Take over the Merchants.

Step two. Recruit more capes.

Step three. Make New Wave pay for their part in his fathers death.

Seeing the Endstopper Child run down further into the building left him smiling under his gas mask. walking over to the bags of drugs that were on the ground around Skidmark he grabbed what he could and left for the exit.

Life was looking up for him today.
.
.
.
A/N Really got this one heavy with the blood, relatively speaking.
QUESTIONS!

For Newb

Okay.

For Kitsu

Q: Dancingleaf, you asked if Kitsu had ever ridden a geyser or done other such things that would be fun in theory, but would be incredibly dangerous. But did them anyway due to your Immortality.

Kitsu: Not often, the last five years were just me trying to survive, jumping from city to city, avoiding the PRT trying to capture and recruit me, and generally just staying on the move. Oh! There were a few times when I couldn't resist the temptation though XP. Like when I would hitchhike a ride, sometimes I just attached a rope to a skateboard, or a metal trash can lid that one time. Though that rarely lasted long, usually the driver notices within five minutes and stops or calls the cops. It's still very fun!

Q: Anonymous PM asked what Kitsu's favorite food is.

Kitsu: PIZZA! All forms of pizza, calzones, pizza rolls, pizza pockets, lasagna. Not Hawaiian, you heretics who eat of the falseness that is Hawaiian can burn in the great pizza oven of purgatory!



As always please keep commenting, it makes my day and really encourages me!
Last edited: Mar 10, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Vahzal Haal Rah, Dapperlurker, Bev and 467 others
Newb to the game
Mar 10, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 11
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#86
Show Begin.
Disclaimer: I don't own Worm or any other characters in this work, other than Kitsu. All other characters belong to their respective properties. And I forgot to put this in before but will start doing so now.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
*Sounds/actions*
.
.
.
Kitsu POV
.
I don't like this.

'Maureen, she's the Merchants cryomancer? I can't, I know her story, I know her pain. She's just an orphan, one who got the shittiest hand in life. She suffers from a mental illness that causes her to hear voices, she's just here by mistake, right? This is a coincidence, right' I think with sorrow.

"H-how do you know m-my name, the one the w-whispers c-call out." she says in a small, fearful voice.

"I-" I pause, Maureen, or Permafrost as she calls herself, is unstable but can be reasoned with, kinda. "I met your friend Static."

"Static's here?" She says in a quiet yet hopeful tone. She takes a step forward before going wide eyed and stepping back. "NO! Y-you're trying to trick me! I don't know you! Where's Uncle Skid!? Where's Mister Train!? Where's Mama!?"

'Shit! She's having an episode; her eyes are dilated and darting wildly and she's shaking slightly, and, Sweating?

'Why is she sweating?'

Before I can think of anything she lets out a banshees scream and wind and snow hit me with enough force that if I were someone else it would barrel me over. Ice creeping from walls as frost forms. I get stuck as my foot rapidly freezes over. I break it out and run back around corner I came from. I need to be careful here.

"That was blue ice." I say to myself. "Why can she form blue ice? The only thing worse is dry ice." in terms of pain it causes. Dry ice is frozen carbon dioxide, and is far, far colder than any other form of ice that I know of. And it BURNS!

If she could create blue ice, then I may genuinely be in trouble. I wish I had Static's number. He would know how to deal with her. I'm not good at this!

Looking back over the corner, she's gone. Stepping back into the hall I walk slowly into the hallway, careful not to slip. I don't know how I'm going to beat her. I could rush forward and knock her out, but I don't want to risk hurting her. She just, I can't, my conscience won't allow it.

Reaching the turn in the Hall, I can go left or right. Looking right I get blasted from behind and frozen solid. My vision going white and distorted. Breaking out I turn around to see her turn another corner. I can't keep doing this, I need to think of something but everything I think of will either kill or seriously maim her! I'm running out of energy, I have maybe two or three good hits in me. Sending a decoy out to the corner it immediately gets blasted and shatters. Sending another to make sure she isn't still there; my plan is to wear her out and hope she comes out of her episode. Reaching the decoy and turning I see she froze the entire hallway into a wall of ice. I sigh and punch the wall. It just cracks. My saving grace here is that she is like Todoroki, she can expel ice from herself, but can't control it after its left her. But I can't absorb energy from ice, it will just make it harder. Unless she physically throws her

And I can't stick a knife in an outlet. The hospital is on a backup generator and I don't know if a surge will shut it off killing hundreds of patients. Not to mention I've effectively lost her!

I don't know what to do, I've never had to chase a natural counter to me, with almost no energy!

As I think this, I hear a clattering to my left. Turning to the sound, I see Permafrost throwing her hands up to blast that freezing air at me. Dashing back to where I came, I narrowly avoid being frozen again. I need to get out of here! I can't even absorb the heat I produce because the cold air is freezing everything! Get backup, as much as I'd never admit it aloud, the PRT are needed here more than me. Turning again, I run back down the hall. I reach Skidmark, and see the drugs gone!

'Is it possible Permafrost was the distraction? No, Skidmark is here, they would've taken him, where are the drugs then?' I don't have time Permafrost is chasing me and I'm almost tapped out!

*Fwoosh*

I heard it before I felt it. A freezing blast of air, stronger than before. I freeze over almost instantly, breaking out one more time, I duck into the busted drug cabinet, watching Skidmark freeze and ice over slowly sent I literal chill up my spine. He'll die in minutes, and I have no way of saving him. After all the running, and breaking out of ice. I'm out, I have no energy left.

'What did I do wrong? Did I not prepare enough energy? Should I have not fought the ones chasing me? Should I have left this to the PRT?' I'm slowly freezing with a frost so cold it burns as I think this, and everything goes dark.
.
.
Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon POV
.
After getting a random call, and then a text explaining the call, she rushed over to Medhal as fast as she could only to see that Amy was safe and the PRT were cleaning everything up.

"Kitsu didn't explain anything?" Amy asks.

"Nope, the text just said, 'Amy in dngr, Merchants atk Medhal. Bring me a soda' So I dropped what I was doing and flew over." I didn't get a soda for obvious reasons. "The only reason I bothered reading it was because of how few people know my number."

"What are you talking about? You have like thirty friends." Amy retorts.

"Yeah, almost no one." I agree.

"It's more than me." She mutters.

"And who's fault is that? C'mon just let me set you up! Elizabeth is really cute!" I say. Despite knowing her preference now I'm still having no luck in getting her to date.

"Can you call Kitsu?" She asks ignoring my remark, but I see a little bit of a blush. 'I'll get you yet Ames.'

"Why? She's probably off stealing all the food from the breakroom or something." 'The little brat.'

"Can you just call? I asked her save the hospital and I'm worried, there's been no word from her, it's been half an hour." Amy pleads.

"Fine, you know I can't say no to you Ames, why do you play with my emotions so." I tease.

"My god you and Kitsu need to learn how to chill." Amy sighs.

"Never compare me to that brat again." I say seriously. I am nothing like that attention seeking mongrel.

Pulling out my phone I call the number Kitsu texted me from. Only for voice mail to hit.

"HI! This is Kitsu! If you know me, leave a message, if you don't know me, leave a message, if you found this number by accident because you were just mashing buttons on your phone out of boredom, go ahead and leave a message."

"Of course, her voice mail would be something annoying." I mutter.

"I thought it was funny." Ames says with a smile.

"Anyway, she's not answering. When do you get off tonight?" I ask.

"Vicky. Please." Amy says looking me dead in the eyes.

"FINE! I'll go find the munchkin." Seriously, if I didn't know better, I'd think Ames was a Master and not a Bio-Tinker.

I encounter Aegis who is dragging a one-armed bloodied and battered man onto a gurney.

"Holly crap Gis, you really demolished this guy. Are you gonna get in trouble for this?" The PRT is real big on public image, so wrecking a guy this badly would definitely dock someone's pay.

"Yeah, normally, but I ain't the one to do this, Kitsu was." He says calmly.

"So you're telling me Kitsu just beat the fuck out of a cripple?" I ask excitedly.

"Actually, this is porcupine, and from what we can tell, she ripped his arm of, then beat him with it, then sealed the wound shut." He explains.

"Holy shit that's metal. No way is mom gonna like this." Again, bad for PR.

"You sound a little too happy about that." He points out to me.

"Because I am, that little homewrecker has been bumming it at our house for the better part of two weeks and has been nothing but a nuisance." I vent out. She really is destroying my home life, and apparently, I'm the only one who cares.

"Well, what are you looking for?" Aegis asks.

"Kitsu, of all people." I say with a roll of my eyes.

"Oh, just follow the sound of merchants with broken legs. Armsmaster and Battery are also looking for her, the level of force she used on this guy is excessive. and we want answers as to what went down here." He points out.

"Kay thanks bye." I fly down the hall.

'Man, there are more than a few Merchants thrown to the side.' Though they aren't all from Kitsus' rampage, the dopey smiles and needles told her that.

Going down several halls, I get to an area frosted over. Travelling deeper I see Battery and Armsmaster huddled around a drug counter. With Armsmaster looking up at me.

Coming to a stop before them I hover in front. "Hey, Armsy, Bats, what's up?"

Armsmaster turns to me. "Glory Girl. We have, unfortunate news. Skidmark is dead, so we can't interrogate him, and the unknown Parahuman who froze the building, along with Scarecrow, have escaped."

"Okay, what's the bad news? Bad guys escape all the time, and Skidmark being dead can only be a good thing, right?" I ask with a shrug.

Battery doesn't look at me. "Skidmark, froze to death, and, so too did Kitsu."

That, didn't make any sense, Kitsu was, by her own admission, immortal in the truest sense.

"Where is she?" I ask.

Battery just points behind the desk. Flying over and taking a look, I see Skidmark frozen to the ground in a thick layer of ice. And curled up in a ball with a scared look is Kitsu, frozen inside the cabinet.

'Oh, she's not dead, just out of commission, wait, Armsmaster should know this. I get Battery not knowing, but Armsmaster is the one who read Deans texts.'

Flying over the counter, and over Skidmarks dead body reaching out I rip Kitsu out of the cabinet, and slam her against the wall to break the Ice off her. She's still pale. But not the in the pale blue frozen sense. She just looks anemic.

'And I cracked the wall, oops.'

Battery is shouting behind me. "Gloryl Girl! Stop! What is wrong with you?!"

Once I've fully broken all the ice off of her I hold her, she may be an annoying little attention whore, but I wasn't about to let a child die if I could help it. 'Or, not die in Kitsus case, God I hope she was telling the truth otherwise I am going to need soooo much therapy.'

"Why would you do that? She's dead! Is your-" I cut her off.

"She can't die, she can only be put down, not out." I say.

"What are you talking about?" She asks.
"Ask Armsmaster, he knows, he was probably just hoping to take the credit for capturing the Endstopper before she gets citizenship and her past crimes are deemed null and void due to her age." is it right? No. Do I care? Not particularly. This guy read my texts. Fuck him.

Battery whips around to face Armsmaster. "You knew she wasn't dead?! Why didn't you say anything?!"

"It is one thing to be told someone is immortal and an entirely different thing to come across said person with zero biological functions operating, yet not suffer cellular degeneration." he intones.

"What?/Huh?" Me and Battery say aloud.

"I needed to see it to believe it." He repeats with a sigh. "That and the information was, and still is, unconfirmed. We don't know if she will wake up, and my suits sensors are all saying she is dead."

"Powers are bullshit, we all know that, I'm taking her to Ames." Not even bothering to hear them out, I rush back over to the E.R. with Kitsu in arms. Dodging Aegis, who gave me a wave, and Merchant goons being handcuffed and taken out. Except the one with broken legs, they were being carted to the E.R.

Making my way to Amy who is conveniently between patients. I rush in front of her.

"Vicky, what is it, is that Kitsu?! What hap-."

"She can't die, don't know the full details. Can you heal her?" I shove the frozen girl to her.

"I can try" Placing her hand on Kitsu she goes wide eyed.

A few seconds pass and this is getting creepy.

"Ames, Amy? Amy!" I yell.

"Huh, what? Oh! Right, she's, fine, against every known law of biology, she's fine, just unconscious. All the moisture in her body is frozen, I can't believe I'm saying this but you just need to let her thaw out." Amy goes off.

"What, like a steak?" I ask.

"Sure, if that's how you wanna see it." She says with a roll of her eyes. "Did you know she can see in the dark? Her eyes dilate and contract to extreme measures, she currently has a subset of blood running through her brain made of sugars and proteins a specialized ethanol to keep her brain from dying fully, and she is passively absorbing all the heat around her to thaw out quicker, and pass energy to the rest of her body and revive herself automatically. And her muscle fibers are modified to handle and transfer extreme levels of heat and shock. The way her myocytes act as hyper shock absorbers and insulators-"

"Ames if you're about to geek out over some unique biology, at least say it in a way I can understand." I cut her off.

With a sigh she just sets Kitsu on a gurney. "Her body is built to survive just about anything, she won't die. End of story. Doesn't mean she can't be put down." After a pause she continues. "But still, her biology is interesting, maybe more so than Aegis, his body can be damaged, hers can't, well not in any lasting way from what I can see."

"Cool! Did you know she tore a guys arm off?" I ask trying to move on from her biology, knowing that I wasn't acting crazy and flying around with a frozen corpse was a relief.

"Really? Why didn't he show up here? I got just about eight guys with broken knees." Amy asks.

"Eleven!" A random nurse pushing an empty gurney by shouts

"Eleven, I'd like to think I'd remember a missing arm." She says moving on to another room with patients, or rather Merchants, in them.

"Kitsu used her power to manipulate biology to seal his wound in a way that left him perfectly fine and able to be carted away in a police car." Going to the only conscious mook in the room. "You're not seriously going around healing all these junkyard junkies, are you? You know they're just gonna be on the street causing trouble within the day, right?"

"I took an oath Vicky." Amy said tiredly.

"There has to be limits to that." I point out.

"Oh there are, I don't have to heal anyone who starts cussing me out because I can take that as a refusal to accept my care. Dumbasses can't keep their mouths shut, it's almost like some of them enjoy being denied medical service. Watch." We come up to the Merchant with heavily stained jeans, and in a blue tattered shirt. With two broken legs, fully bent backwards.

'And I thought I had trouble holding back, this looks almost intentional.' I think in regards to Kitsu's use of excessive force.

As the guy on the gurney writhes in the pain of having his legs bending backwards. Amy walks up to the guy and tentatively grabs his shoulder.

"Eugh, God, he's so hopped up I'm surprised I'm not getting a contact high. Hey, dumbass, do I have your permission to heal you?" She asks.

"Can, can you?" He asks hopefully.

"No, I asked because I want to give you false hope and watch you squirm." She snarks back with the sarcasm that has become synonymous with her.

"Fuck off, snarky bitch." He spits out in a pained voice.

"Okay, I'll take that as your refusal to accept cape healing." She lets go and starts walking away.

"What? No! No, I accept please!" But we had already left the room. And started moving to the next.

"Wasn't that a bit, evil?" I ask

"His legs weren't broken at the knee, they were dislocated, he just needs them set back into place and a cast for a few weeks and he'll be fine, might have some ligament damage, and a torn ACL, but I doubt he planned on being a marathon runner soooo, no harm no foul." She says with a shrug.

"Oh, my, God Ames you are so evil!" I say with a laugh. She does this sometimes, fucks with the Gangbangers who come in, goads them into refusing her healing. Then walks off to let them suffer, so long as it's something that won't kill them if left untreated that is.

"I wonder what Dean is doing? Wasn't he on duty today?" I ask absentmindedly.
.
.
Meanwhile
.
In an alleyway we see an unconscious Gallant, drool pooling out the broken part of his helmet.
.
.
POV Returned
.
"Your boy toy is probably just on patrol somewhere else." Amy says.

"Yeah, he was probably just too far away to be called over here." I say.
.
.
-Timeskip later that day-
.
.
Kitsu POV
.
Waking up freezing, with pounding headache, and a burning in my chest I roll over and hack up a bit of water out and the burning recedes. Hanging half off the left side of whatever I'm on I look around and notice I'm on a bed in a hospital room. And I see that I coughed up into a waste bucket.
'Convenient, oh wait, there's a hand attached to the bin.' Looking up I see Victoria with a look suggesting she stepped in dog shit. After that I just slump back down over side of the bed.

"Did we win?" I slurred out, feeling hungover.

"That's it?" Hear from the right of the bed. "That's all you have to say?"

'Oh, Carol's here, that's lovely.' "Hi Carol. Is Mark here?"

"No, he's not, don't change the subject. You took off, breaking government property in the process, attacked a PRT team, rushed into a hostile situation with zero preparation, and on top of all that I get to explain to the PRT why you ripped a man's arm off!" She interrogates.

"Wouldn't be the first time." I say without looking up. I'm tired, freezing to death is a slow and scary process. I effectively died and there was nothing I could do. I was constantly running out of energy the entire time just keeping myself warm, and when she was targeting me, I wasted even more breaking free of the ice coffin she kept putting me in.

"Which part?" She says seriously.

"All of it. I busted out of the PRT in Boston about five years ago, fought three different PRT Cape teams since then, and I've ripped off a couple of guys arms. It's my go to for creeps and pedos, well actually my go to is murder but I'm not allowed to do that anymore. Can I sleep?" I ask.

"You've been asleep for the last three or four hours, you're good." I hear a new voice coming from the doorway.

Throwing an arm up without looking up I shout. "PanPan! I got nothin, how's it going?"

"It takes you literally being dead for several hours to calm you down? Good to know." Said Vicky.

"Who saved me by the way? And someone tell Static Shock I found Maureen." I say.

"Victoria saved you and I don't know who either of those are." Carol said.

Looking up at Vicky, who had set the waste bin down. I slump again.

"Thank you, Vicky." I say.

…

There's a noticeable silence in the room, it would be awkwardly so if not for the buzz of the hospital going on in the background.

"What? What'd I say?" I ask looking up.

"I thought you and Vicky hated each other." Amy said.

"I can't speak for Vicky, but I don't hate her, I just enjoy picking on her. That and I don't like her much, but I don't hate her." I explain.

…

Again with the silence?

"Can we go home? I wanna go to bed, my bed." I say.

"Answer a few questions first." Carol says.

With a sigh I just raise a thumbs up. I keep my eyes closed as honestly, I'm too out of it to really focus on anything I would see, so I don't bother trying.

"Okay, first, why did you take off?" Carol asks.

"Gotta call from Wade, thinker tinker friend, said the hospital where PanPan works was under attack." I answer.

"Don't call me that." Amy chimes in from the doorway.

"Okay, why did you fight a PRT team on the way?" She asks.

"They attacked me first. I was defending myself." I answer again.

"They didn't mention that." Carol says under her breath. "Why did you break Gallants armor? Even if you were defending yourself that was excessive"

"He's a pervert that's why." I say indignantly.

"He is not! He is the sweetest and most kind gentleman I've ever known!" Vicky says.

"Wow, it's almost like you're in love with him. I thought you were dating a guy named Dean?" I glare up at her.

She glares for half a second before her eyes widen and realization hits her, she then looks to the wall, refusing to meet my eye. Satisfied I'd proved something I slump back down.

What exactly did I prove? I'unno.

"Just ask him about our fight later and you'll get your answer." I say.

"I will, now then, next question." Carols says before Vicky can get anything out.

"This is starting to feel like an interrogation." I say.

"Because it is." 'Oh' "Why did you kidnap Vista?"

"I thought she could help out at the hospital." I say quietly before raising my voice and shaking a fist in the air. "But I was wrong! She tis doth but a coward!" I put my fist down and roll back onto the bed proper.

"Okay, don't kidnap people again. why did you rip a man's arm off?" She asks.

"Which one?" I ask, turning my head to the right, facing Carol.

"Excuse me?" Carol asks with a hard to read voice.
"Which one? Porcupine, or Trainwreck? Because I feel bad about breaking Trainwrecks prosthetic, it felt like kicking a cripple out of a wheelchair." Amy snorted at that, looking over I see a smirk on her face.

"Okay, I'm talking about Porcupine." Carol clarifies.

"Oh yeah, I also beat him with said arm because he said he was going to 'Enjoy a cutie like me'." I said that last bit in an imitation of his smokers voice.

"Holy shit that's hardcore." Vicky said.

"Language!" I point at her.

"English, fuck off." She said.

"Vicky, knock it off." Carol said.

"Yeah Vicky, it's only cute when PanPan does it." I point out.

"Don't call me that." PanPan being the cute tsundere that she is!

"Kitsu?" Carol again.

"Yes?" me.

"Knock it off or no TV." Carol.

"Okay." I say finally.
A few seconds of silence pass before Carol continues.

"Good, now final question. What happened? You were frozen solid in layers of blue ice and every biometric reading said you were dead." She asks.

"Oh, I found Skidmark, beat him up, and then when he told me about the ice cape, I went to go find her." I say and take a breath. "I found her not far away, she goes by Permafrost, Static Shock is looking for her, he's trying to bring her home. She, uh, had an episode and attacked me when I was convincing her to surrender." I say that last bit sheepishly.

"Can you give any details on her?" She asks.

"Real name is Maureen, don't know her last name, she is a very powerful cryokinetic, she's from Dakota city and is the reason Static Shock is here. She's sick in the head and ran away from child protective services, don't know how she found her way from the Midwest to the Northeast but, she's here now. Why are all the most powerful capes so unstable?" I ramble off.

Carol just stares at me and raises an eyebrow.

"What?" No response. "What?" I say a little louder.

"Nothing, let's go, I managed to get your criminal record expunged by the way." Carol finally says.

"I have a record? Don't I need to be arrested for that?" I ask.

"No, you just have to be formally charged, and you were, of fourteen confirmed cases of breaking and entering, eighteen cases of excessive force used in self-defense, thirty-two cases of petty theft, three cases of grand theft, two cases of trespassing on government property, five cases of vandalism, and one case of grand theft auto!" She says exasperated.

'Wow, I genuinely never kept track of all the shit I did, huh, wait when did I? OH! Right, that was a fun Friday. Though I know for a fact that I stole WAY more, and broke into a lot more than fourteen houses, surprised none of the murders were found. eh they were mostly pedophiles and rapists; I doubt many cops look too hard into their cases'

"Uh, I'm sorry?" I say with an awkward smile. "In my defense the theft and break-ins were mostly for food and shelter. Where is Mark? I gotta tell him the good news!" At this Carol starts rubbing her eyes.

"And what, pray tell, is that Kitsu?" She asks.

"I got Amy to agree to a night of UNO!" I cheer.

"I only agreed to a single game!"

"Can't hear you, too busy being happy." I say and sit up. I turn to Victoria. "Vicky?"

"What?" She asks, folding her arms and leaning against the wall.

I just hold up my arms and perk my ears. "Carry me?"

…

"Cute. No." She says.

"Aw." I pout and droop my ears.

'Wait a second, I don't feel a burning anger towards Vicky right now, ever since I first met her I-

!

'Was I under her aura's effect this whole time! Was that why I felt so antagonistic towards her? Oh well.' I think and roll out the bed, sliding off the side on my belly so as to not hurt my tail. Feet touching the ground I realize my lack of foot ware. Looking down I see the lack of my clothes, in their place a hospital gown.

"Where are my clothes!" I shout.

'Those are custom made! By Parian! Who can say they have casual 'only' clothes made for you by a Cape!'

"They had so much blood on them, they were thrown in the incinerator." Amy said.

"Oh, right, What about the money in my pockets?" I ask.

"The four hundred something in stained bills? Yeah no, those were turned over to the authorities to examine for counterfeit, and failing that, burn them I hope." I'm informed.

"Oh, can I have my phone back?" I ask.

"Catch."

turning to Carol just in time to get smacked in the face with my pink smart phone.

"D'oww"

At least I got some energy back!
.
.
.
BONUS
.
.
Mark 'Flashbang' Dallon POV
.
Being left to fill out and read the rest of the paper work was rather expected, as was being the one to carry the rest of it home. Not all of it could be completed in a few days, some of this would take a week just to read through. Though it was mostly just the same as back when we signed the papers to become Amy's guardian, less actually, considering we weren't fully adopting Kitsu.

However, it turned out that Kitsu had a bit more to her than they initially thought. The reason Carol was able to get Kitsu exonerated of her past criminal offenses were threefold, one that she wouldn't allow Kitsu to repeat said offenses, two was Carol's many connections and their reputations, and three was that they agree to finance the fines for her crimes, a not so small amount, but with all the merchandise New Wave puts out, they could clear it in a year or two.

And Kitsu's age.

That was the expected part, the unexpected part came about when after Carol left to go get Kitsu, they need her signature for the some of these anyway. The accounts lady came back with more papers. Turns out that after the Behemoth incident on the west coast nearly three years ago, the PRT preemptively had most of the process for Kitsu to become a Ward completed. That included having a bank account for her set up. And with her destruction of Eagleton, she got the reward money forwarded to her account, a reward of which's size was intended for a small army to profit from.
Here's the rather, daunting part, with Kitsu not being old enough to accept anything monetary from the government, it fell to her guardians to manage the money until she turned eighteen.

I'm not stupid, once she turned eighteen the PRT would freeze her accounts and probably use her criminal record to take her bank funds as 'restitution fees' unless she joined the PRT. Well with her new guardians now being a couple named Carol and Mark Dallon.
Yeah.
"Well, at least we won't have to worry about financing those fines, or the kid's college."
.
.
.
.
A/N I took inspiration from the Arctic Woolly Bear Caterpillar to explain how Kitsu could survive full body freezing outside of, she just did, I personally prefer a pseudo-scientific explanations over -it just is- explanations.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Vahzal Haal Rah, Dapperlurker, Bev and 502 others
Newb to the game
Mar 12, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 12
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 15, 2024
Add bookmark
#90
Let the show begin.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
*Sounds/actions*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-April 1st 2010 5:00 am-
.
.
Kitsu POV
.
The time has come.

Long story short, I got my new clothes, turns out I had a bank account, neat. Apparently, I got off Scott free with a lot of things due to my age, accomplishments 'Behemoth', and Carol. Say what you will but she is a damn good lawyer. And my bank account was because a few higher ups were really sure they'd be able to convince me to be a Ward.

I'm probably still gonna raid drug labs for no other reason than it's fun, and it's good PR, I'm an official member of New Wave now, and I need to think about image. So I used my new funds to get an entire wardrobe, rather than just three of the same outfit that I wear an entire week. That being said my hero costume is still my Irida outfit, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.

Moving on, after a week of paper work, it's not done, it'll still take a month or two to process, I'm now the foster child, ward, whatever legal responsibility of the Dallons. And Carol has been drilling me on basic laws and rules I'm not allowed to break, which is all of them. other than that I go to Arcadia today! I tried testing out, only to fail the modern history, world issues, and English portion so badly they deemed school necessary, and apparently my emotional development was deemed "underdeveloped" and that interaction with others of my age range in a safe and controlled environment will be good for me.

So, I'm taking what classes I can until school lets out in two months. I'm not expected to take any tests, just do homework and study. Then I'll be doing summer school and tutoring, after that I'll go back in August as a proper freshman. Personally, I just think Carol is doing her best to keep me out of the house.

'It's almost like she doesn't trust me.' I think, grabbing the plastic wrap out of one of kitchen drawers, being careful to be quiet. It's April Fools Day, and I intend to capitalize on this! Reaching the bathroom, I lift up the toilette lid and wrap the plastic around the bowl. Giggling to myself I run out of the bathroom and put the clear wrap back where it goes. Going under the sink I grab a plastic bucket and fill it with water, hefting it back to my room I close the door slightly, and using platforms of illusory glass I set the bucket up on top of the door. Hopping down I run back to my bed and slink under the covers giggling.

'This is going to be so much fun!' Now, I wait.
.
.
-Timeskip 6:00 AM-
.
.
"KITSU!"

"Wuh?" I think as I wake up.

*Slam*

"DID YOU-!" Vicky, wearing only a loose black crop top and pink pajama pants, bursts into my room yelling.

*Splash*

Only to get a bucket dropped on her head, the bucket hit her head, then fell over and spilled the water over the hardwood floor. Getting her feet wet and nothing else.

'Oh, I fell asleep.' I think grimly. "In my defense, it's April Fool's Day."

She just stares at me, seething in a silent fury, Aura at full power.

"April Fools?" I say in a small voice, slowly sinking into covers around me, as though they would protect me from Vicky. The whole time never taking my eyes off her.

After a few seconds, Vicky lets go of a breath. Reels in her Aura. And looks at me with a smile.

'That somehow scares me more.'

"Okay Kitsu, I'll give you that one, next one's on me though." She says with calmly.

"What?" I ask.

"Have a nice first day at school~" She says and closes my door quietly.

…

"I'm in danger."
.
.
After having mopped up the mess, not easy for someone of my stature, I got dressed and went to go eat breakfast with Vicky and Amy. Carol and Mark tend not to wake up until around eight, by which point we'll have left, Carol trusts Vicky to make sure I go to school.

Carol is working with Sarah, her sister and leader of New Wave, to schedule a time where she can teach me flying maneuvers with her and the other flyers of New Wave. I was supposed to meet them a few days ago, but something personal came up on their end and it was decided I'd just meet Eric and Crystal at Arcadia. Eric just started high school this year, and Crystal was graduating in June.

I can't wear my Irida outfit 24/7 anymore, because that's my "hero" outfit. So, I called up Parian, offered her a thousand per outfit, and got a full wardrobe. And in keeping with my theme, I'm wearing a version of Korina's outfit from Pokémon X&Y, just without the helmet and roller blades, instead wearing red and white sneakers. And a hole in the skort for my tail, naturally. Mark tried to get me on board with a skin tight suit to match the rest of New Wave, barring Victoria, but I refused.

Amy is wearing a baggy grey t-shirt and loose denim jeans, her wavy brown hair loose draped down her back. Vicky wearing a blue short-sleeve band shirt, and skinny jeans. Her blonde hair tied in a pony tail. The best way to describe Vicky would be "Teen spirit" while Amy is best described as, "I would watch the world burn and not care."

Amy looks up from her coffee to me. "Plastic wrap on the toilet was you?"

"Yeah." I admit.

"Good one, Vicky pissed all over the floor and on her socks before she noticed.

"Pfft!" I almost do a spit-take.

"AMY!" Vicky yells with a blush.

"Yeah, what's up?" She says nonplussed.

"Can you not?" She asks.

Amy, for her part just stares at Victoria before taking another sip of coffee.

"No, I think I will." She finally says.

"I love this family." I say out loud. "Oh, Vicky, can I hitch a ride on you with Amy?"

"Can't you just run there?" Vicky says.

"You know how my power works; I heard you eavesdropping. My ears aren't just for show." I move my ears around to emphasize this. "Though I wouldn't blame you if you thought otherwise, they do make me look cuter."

"Oh, do you, need me to punch you, or something?" she says sheepishly.

"I'm sorry, am I missing something? Because it sounds to me like the little girl runs on masochism." Amy says, looking like she's trying to solve a puzzle.

"12-year-old girl!" I correct.

"Still very much little, and you didn't correct the masochism part." She says with a smirk.

'I going to do what I do best.' "Thats because I don't know what that is, and I won't say no in case it is something awesome." I say with a touch of haughtiness.

"It's when-" Amy starts.

"NOOO we don't need to be teaching her about those things right now, or ever for that matter." Vicky says with a blush. Either Amy didn't fall for my bluff, or genuinely had no shame in this. Could be a bit of both really.

"Basically, everything I do, I do because I use energy, but I can't generate enough of my own energy to do all the crazy stuff I normally do, so I absorb it in the form of heat, kinetic force, electricity, and the like. That being said, why not just fly me?" I say directing the question towards Vicky.

"Because I'll already be carrying Amy, so two people is a bit much, unless I'm fireman carrying you two, which I won't." She says simply.

"Fine, just punch me." I say jumping off the chair and walking around the table.

I'm a little disturbed at how quickly she was willing to just hop up and repeatedly gut punch me.

Her hits just stopping dead on me, as though she just stopped moving. It's still uncomfortable, like getting a bruise, only for to heal and come back on the next hit.

"This is actually fun!" She said with a smile and keeps hitting me, only this time much harder.

"Okay, that's enough!" I say backing away. I have plenty energy, more than when I electrocuted myself twice, though I never really get a lot of energy from that compared to absorbing hits.

"What? I thought you needed energy." She asks.

"Yeah, but I don't like how much enjoyment you're taking in wailing on me!" I say defensively. "And besides I have enough energy to last me the day." 'And then some.'
I would just go to the Delgatto house a few blocks down, but they returned home the same day as the hospital was hit, and the police are still investigating the place. I didn't do anything they can prove. I didn't eat all their Poptarts and I didn't break that window!

"I just like not having to hold back, it's not my fault you're the only thing that doesn't just break."

Vicky sits back down, while I just stand there and regain my bearing. Unless I have the adrenaline of a fight, or the time to nap, absorbing energy is a bit jarring. Imagine having an empty stomach, and then you have thanksgiving, you need a second to decompress.

Vicky and Amy, just stare at me as I stand there.

"You good? I didn't hit you too hard did I?" Vicky asks.

"Huh? No, I'm good, just need a second." I say.

"So, what, you gonna run now?" Amy says.

'Oh that's right, Amy never saw me fly with my Glass Saucer.'

Putting my hands on my hips and tilting my head up with my best smug smile.

"I do not concern myself with such, pedestrian modes of transport anymore." I say and twirl to look and point at her. "For you see. I-"

"I'll be waiting outside." Vicky says getting up and putting her bowl of cereal in the sink.

"Have broken from my mortal chains! Behold!" I do the 'praise the sun' pose and rise up on an iridescent Glass Saucer, and make lights shine from the ceiling.

…

Peeking to see her reaction I watch as she just sets her coffee mug in the sink and walk towards the door, a bored look on her face.

"Powers are bullshit." She says.
.
.
-Timeskip 8:15 AM-
.
.
Flying here on the saucer I managed to beat Vicky here. I'm supposed to wait for someone to show me around, but I already have a map of the school on my phone along with my schedule, curtesy of Wade.

Luckily Arcadia is a vocational school, so I get out after lunch at twelve thirty and get to just run around the city, seeing as my career vocation is professional hero. Though I can't help but feel I'm forgetting something.

I wanna mess with people, always have and always will. So for my first class of world history, I turn invisible, sneak in before the teacher, and wait. This is my homeroom for the next few months, it's a clean, white linoleum floored room with maps and atlas's all over the walls, along with framed news clippings here and there of major world events dating back as far as the nineteen twenties. I see a newspaper clipping of Legend coming out as gay to the public a few decades ago, and a clipping of Hero's death. There is a board in the back with news headlines from papers detailing Endbringer attacks. And even a Newspaper headline of me! It's titled. The Endbringer, Stopped? With a smaller headline under reading. Mysterious child fends off Behemoth and forces a retreat. The picture of me is a little blurry, likely due to me having been forced to cover myself in lights, Behemoth had destroyed my clothes at the time. But you can still make out the detail of my blonde ears and tail. The desks are individuals with full back chairs attached, making them unusable by me due to my tail. This is discriminatory!

I try and see if they have a news clipping of me destroying Eagleton. But before I can really look, kids start pouring in. They all look like they should be about my age. What really took my notice however are two key individuals, one pale redhead wearing jeans, black sneakers, and a loose green t-shirt that says 'Kiss me, I'm Irish', the other half head shorter and much darker with dreadlocks, in baggy jeans and yellow shirt with orange sleeves. Dennis, and Vergil.

'No way! I share a homeroom with Clockblocker and Static Shock!' I think with excitement. well, this is Arcadia, I was bound to run into the Wards eventually.

After noticing them I walk over to the teachers' desk and sit on the edge facing the students. I notice that Vergil was eyeing my direction the whole time, almost as if he could see me.

'Oh! That's right, he can sense electromagnetic auras. Between him, Vistas' ability to detect that my decoys are illusions, and Gallant being able to sense me with him being an empath. My invisibility trick is looking less and less impressive.' I think sourly, it took me seven months to figure this trick out without leaving light distortions damnit!

"Hey, uh, you good man? You seem to be spacing out." Dennis says to Vergil. They settle into seats next to the door, with Vergil closest and Dennis in the seat next to him.

"Huh? Oh yeah, I'm just hungry ya know! I'm so hungry I could eat a case of donuts, like fifty three of them. But I can't seem to see any at all." he says and slightly nods his head to my direction.

'That was the lamest attempt at double speak I've ever seen.' I think blandly.

Dennis, for all his glory, just cocks an eyebrow. "Didn't you eat on the way here? How could you be so hungry?"

'You're kidding me!' I have to cover my mouth to keep from laughing at Dennis' expense. My shoulders shaking, I almost lose focus and drop the illusion.

Vergil just glances at me, and slaps a hand to his face.

"Never mind man, just, never mind." Vergil gives up.

"What?" He says looking confused.

I almost fall over off the desk at his confuse tone. I'm shaking in barely restrained laughter!

As I regain my composure the teacher finally walks in, a tall, thin man with short brown hair, wearing square glasses and a tucked in red flannel button up, bag slung over one shoulder. Looking down to the desk I'm on I see it belongs to a Mr. Callies. Looking back over I see him place his bag at the side of the desk and go to the whiteboard, standing center of the board he clasps his hands in front of him, with a pensive look he regards the class.

"Right class, it seems that she isn't here yet, so that gives me time to give you all a heads up." He speaks with a slight British accent. "We have new student coming in today, who is unusual. I'll not beat around the bush so to speak, she is a Case 53. Please raise your hand if you don't know what that means."

A good quarter of the class raise their hands, with a few giving the so-so gesture.

The teacher claps his hands again before putting them to his sides and turning to the board.

"Less than I expected, more than I had hoped." he says under his breath. He reaches for a marker and starts writing on the board, I don't pay attention to what, instead finding my focus on the class, with Vergil still glancing in my direction now and again.

"A case 53 is a unique Parahuman whose powers have, for reasons still unknown, warped their bodies into more inhuman forms. I don't want to hear any insensitive comments or rude questions, okay?" The teacher continues.

A few At that point I slide off of the desk, making sure I don't make any noise and stand in front of the teacher as he turns around, I drop my invisibility and just stare up at him.

"Got it!" I say raising my hand.

"Oh! Sweet bajeebus!" He says dropping his marker and putting a hand to his heart. He's rather tall, I only come up to his belt.

There're a few shouts of excitement from the class behind me. Turning to the class, I see everyone wide eyed and few slack jawed, predictably there are like three people on their phones texting, no, they're taking pictures of me. I'm rather enjoying the attention!

'Right, the faraday cage keeps kids from using their phones, as well as other things.

I see Dennis in the front row head in his hands, with Vergil just looking at him shaking his own head.

'Guess he figured it out.'

"Hi! I'm Kitsu!" I say with a smile, ears perked up and tail swishing excitedly.

'Funny, last time I said that I was stabbing a guy in the balls.'

The teacher behind me swallows the lump in his throat and continues.

"Right, Kitsu? Do that again and you'll be sent to the principles' office. I don't mind if you wanna show off a bit, but no powers on school grounds, okay?" The teacher says.

"Okay!" I say turning to face him.

"Now why don't you take a seat?" He says, gesturing to one of the four empty seats.

"Can't." I state, twisting in place like Neptunia does.

He raises an eyebrow. "Why not?"

In response to his question, I swing my tail to the front of myself and hold it.

"I can't really sit in full back chairs; I'll sit on my tail." I explain.

"Oh, right, uh Daniel, Adam, can you grab a desk from Mr. Midgley's art room? He has extra" The teacher asks two students.

"Sure/Yeah I guess." Two boys, one with short brown hair, and another taller boy, with shoulder length dark brown hair, both get up and head out.

"Right then," Callies continues. "Um, well class has already been properly derailed, so how about this. Class, you all get a free session until Adam and Daniel return. During this how about we ask Kitsu some questions if that's all right with her."

I make a show of pretending to be scared. Folding my ears to my head, and holding my tail to my chest even tighter.

"All this attention on me?" I say with a worried look.

"If that's not-"

"I'd love to!" I say dropping the act.

…

"I already have one class clown; I don't need another." He says seriously.

"Le Gasp! Tis not so my good sir! For I am not but a clown! I am thee whole CIRCUS!" I say dramatically. Flourishing an imaginary cape with one hand placed daintily on my chest. This got a few chuckles.

"Oh my gosh! She is sooo adorable!" I hear one girl squeal.

'Praise me more mortals! Lavish me with your worship!'

"Why don't you guys laugh at me like that?" Dennis says.

"Because your jokes suck!" One kid says.

'Oh I can't resist!' I know Dennis has a minor fear of me since he learned that I kinda sorta killed him.

'Really he killed himself on accident with his own power, I was just the tool he used!'

So I'm gonna either make his day, or ruin his life. Metaphorically speaking. But it can wait till launch. Away from a teacher. Nothing, malicious of course.

"You tell jokes?" I ask.

His attention now purely on me, I notice him somehow get a little paler.

"Uh, I'unno if I'd call it, uh." He stutters.

"Bro, you cool?" Some blonde guy said.

"What me? I'm always cool, I am the coolest guy here, I'm so cool my skin is frosty." He bluffs.

"Really? My skin heats up the more I hold my powers in. Does that mean you have powers that freeze you?" I ask innocently and walk up to him, reaching out and feeling hand.

Dennis, ironically, froze at the contact. A look of barely restrained fear on his pale face.

"Nope, not cold, you are certifiably not cool."

…

"Burn!" A kid in the back says.

The teacher then makes a show of clearing his throat. "Right then, as much as I'm sure we all enjoy tormenting Dennis, Kitsu would you please leave him alone? He's clearly uncomfortable."

At least the teacher is attentive, point one for this school as compared to the average school in America!

"Alright." I say with a shrug and walk back to front of the class. "Any questions?"

I see a few hands raise up and pick the blonde girl in the front row, she looked like she could be one of Vickys friends. With how she's

"You!" I say pointing to her.

"Are you really a part of New Wave now?" She asks.

"How do you know that?" I may be official, but I have yet to make my official debut!

"Vicky told me, I guess that confirms it." She says with a smile.

So the reason she looks like one of Vickys friends, is because she is one of Vickys friends. Also what I've learned here is that Vicky cannot keep a secret.

'Little gossip monger.' I think sourly. We may not be at each other's throats anymore, but that doesn't mean we like each other.

After what happened at Medhal, with me going to save Amy, Vicky started putting in a concerted effort to try and treat me like a person rather than a nuisance, in exchange I stopped all the targeted antagonism and cut off my master power I had on Dean earlier than I planned. Oh yeah, Dean and Vicky broke up after Vicky found out Dean tried to stop me from reaching the hospital. And speaking of, Permafrost got a kill order put on her, she was apparently responsible for over four hundred people dying in the attack, and this wasn't the first time she killed in mass. I'm not sure how I feel about that. On the one hand, She's a mentally ill orphan, on the other she's an unstable mass murderer. I was so caught up in the surprise and awe at seeing her there, that I forgot she was the enemy. By the time I remembered, it was too late.

'The only consolation I have is that all the deaths happened before I got there. And that my failure cost no more lives, other than Skidmark, but fuck him.'

"Any other questions?" I say, snapping myself out of that depressive line of thought.

A few other kids raised their hands, and I picked a boy in the back.

"Aren't you a little young to be here?" He says.

"Yes, but out of curiosity, how old do you think I am?" I ask.

"like, nine?" He shrugs.

"I'm twelve." I say seriously.

As I say that the two boys from earlier stumble into the class room with a desk chair that has an open back.

"Well I guess that's the end of that. Adam, Daniel, if you could just but it down over there?" He says pointing to where an empty seat is. Sensing an opportunity to show off I raise my hand.

"I'll help!" Running over to the empty seat next to Dennis I lift it up and run it out room and throw it into the hall with a clatter. Running back in, I steal the chair from two boys and set it down where the other chair was. Sitting down and letting my tail swish behind me I see I knocked over the brown haired boy in my rush.

"Sorry!" I shout over to him.

"I'm good." He grunts out getting up. I notice Adam doesn't help him.

They get back to their seats and sit. The teacher, Mr. Midgley, grabs a text book, flips to a page and begins.

"Alright class, barring any further disturbances." He says looking at me, then at Dennis. "I believe we start chapter nine today. Please turn to page three hundred and twelve. Kitsu, where is your book?"

"... Oops?" I say shrinking into myself, trying to make myself look smaller. 'I knew I was forgetting something! I left my book bag at the house!'
"Seeing as how this is your first day I'll overlook it, next time you'll be given a check, three checks and you get sent to the office, okay?" He tells me.

"Yes." I say. "I'll just share with Dennis!" Before the teacher can say anything I scoot my desk over to be right next to his.

"Dennis, is that alright with you?"

"Uh, sure, I don't mind." Dennis said unsurely.

"Right, I can't see any problem arising from two clowns pairing up." Mr. Midgley says under his breath. "Without further delay let's start."
.
.
History was actually interesting, I kept speeding my perception up because I got so invested in the book, Dennis had to keep stopping, which made him visibly nervous. Aside from that I learned that when Legend came out of the closet, he did it at an anti-pride rally. Rocked up, pretended to be there and speak up against homosexuals, only to march up to the podium and silence everyone with his coming out. When PR stations tried to mitigate and cover that up, he told them "Accept me, and others like me, or don't accept my help." Baller, mad respect, I want his autograph for that alone.

'I still haven't gotten Statics autograph! And I can't just ask him now, unwritten rules and all that.' I realize.

After that, class let out at about quarter till ten. My next class was English, which sucked. No one of note, a teacher who sounded like the therapist from South Park, and maintained a flat face to any antics I tried. That let out at quarter past eleven, nothing to note, and that disappoints me.

The next class was Biology, I took that one of my own accord, I'm paying extra close attention to marine biology. Leviathan is going to attack some time next year, I think, I forgot when exactly, just that it does so sometime in May. I'm trying to learn how to use my self-biokinesis to give myself gills, I may not be killable, but if I drown, I'll pass out, and Scion will show up, and I can't risk being that close to him. He could sense that Eidolon was using his wife's dead shard, he could absolutely sense me in the area. So, my options are to either make myself scarce, and let everything play out roughly as did in canon. Or, beat leviathan, step one, keep Lung and maybe Bakuda out of the birdcage, and failing that steal a nuke or two from Bakuda to use. Step two? I haven't thought that far, if I can integrate gills into myself, even temporarily, it will allow me to one v one Leviathan. I absorb force, the only Endbringer who I would not fight, ever, would be the Simurgh. Tohu and Bohu? Maybe. Khonsu? Tricky. Leviathan? Possible. Behemoth, If I didn't know how the Endbringers worked, I would have killed him.

Anyway, in biology I was reminded of something, or rather [Conduit] transferred [Data] to me. There were no wards in Biology, and no parahumans in near me enough that [Conduit] felt safe enough to talk to me. He told me this in response to what happened at the hospital. But I can combust apparently. Not fully, I can essentially enhance my temperature in a controlled manner, fast enough to cause heat bursts. Nothing on the level of level of Bakugo, yet. I'd need to practice for that.

Lunch rolled around, and I found my target of the day. The cafeteria had PIZZA! My day is made.

After that I looked for the key group. at their own table, I spied the Wards, plus New Wave Jr. And a tagalong or two. Vicky is sitting next Dean, guess they're back together. Seeing an empty seat next Dennis, I get a devious idea, turning invisible and sneaking near them. Vicky's friend, that I never bothered to learn the name of, is talking avidly.

"I don't get it, I would love to have a little sister as cute as that." She says.

"Okay Ellie, I get that, but what you don't understand is that she doesn't, turn, OFF! She's like a Disney villain! She just doesn't calm down. The only times she's calm, is when she's asleep or watching that British chef yell at people on TV." Vicky says exasperated.

'Oh, they're talking about me.'

"Who are you? Oh! You mean Gordon Ramsay?" Ellie says.

"You know him?" Vicky asks.

"Yeah, he's a famous chef on Earth-Aleph. It just sounds to me like she has good taste. Maybe if you watch a bit, you'll like it." She says with a shit eating grin.

As I walk around the table, making careful steps to avoid being seen by Vergil, only to notice Dean eyeing me. At first he looks a little confused, then realization dawns on him.

"Hey, uh, maybe it isn't such a good idea to talk about someone behind their back?" He says, turning to Vicky.

"Why would, Dean I love you, but I need to vent." She says, and turning back to her friend, Ellie, she points at her in accusation. "And she is NOT my sister."

Carlos, who is next to Ellie, pipes up. "Honestly, you two look like you could be related, more so than you and Amy at least."

Amy, who is sat on the other side of Vicky, just flips him the bird while continuing to eat a sandwich.

I sit next to Dennis on the end of the table and just listen in. Vergil is next to him on his left, and Amy is across from me. I don't see Kid Win, Shielder, or Laserdream anywhere.

Dean still looking at me every now and then, gets a look that I can't read.

"Hey Vergil, you have better eyes than me, can you tell me if it looks like it's going to rain?" Dean asks, nodding his head towards the window.

'Oh, that clever son of a bitch!' I think in surprise.

Vergil, currently drinking a coke, leans forward and looks out the window, which is to my right, ergo, he looks in my direction. I wave, knowing he can see my outline. Eyes widening, he chokes on his drink.

"Hey are you okay?" Dennis asks. Slapping Vergil on the back.

"Yeah, yeah, uh, maybe we should change the subject? I mean, just because we don't see her, doesn't mean she can't hear us." Vergil says.

As he says that, I get hit by something. "Ow!"

With my concentration broken and my illusion shattering, everyone looks at me. Looking up from rubbing the side of my head, I see Amy with a smug look on her face. She flicked a spoon at me!

Dennis almost falls out of his chair in surprise. Vergil just shakes his head. And the rest, just look surprised, but not overly concerned.

"Why?" I whine out towards Amy.

"Because I'm not an idiot." She says and stares at Dennis.

"How was I supposed to know there was an invisible child next to me?" He says settling back down, and avoiding looking my way.

"Because man, she did this stuff earlier in home room." Vergil says.

"You all suck! You ruined my dynamic entry!" I say, and angrily take a bite of my cold pizza.

"Where is your lunch? Didn't you have one from home?" Vicky asks, probably in an attempt to change the subject.

"I forgot my bag in my room." I grumble.

"Oh, damnit." She says that last bit under her breath.

'Shelving that for later.'

"Anyway, I have an announcement!" I proclaim, standing on the bench, pointing to the sky.

"Oh yeah, and what's that?" Vicky says with a hint of condensation.

I just hop down and grab Dennis's arm, nuzzling him I say. "Mine."

…

The silence and tension could be sliced with a brick, it was so palpable.

Eventually, Vicky speaks up again.
"I'm scared to ask, but, what do you mean?" She asks.

"You get a Dean; I get a Dennis" I say happily. Just continuing to nuzzle the frozen Ward.

"Kitsu, what are doing?" Amy asks.

"Getting a boyfriend. Is this not how it's done?" I ask.

"Not traditionally, no." Dennis says.

I look up to him and give my best puppy dog eyes.

"What's wrong? Am I not cute enough?" I say in a hurt tone.

"What? No! That's not-"

"I'm not? I can change! I can be whatever you want!" I say making a scene.

"Not the-" He tries to get out, face as red as his hair.

"Why won't you love me!" I say, commanding tears to well up.

Vicky caught on to my little ploy and is just on her phone, recording us with a smile on her face.

"I can change you if you want! Do you wanna be taller? I can make you blonde. Give you a soul." I tell the ginger with a grin.

"I, you, you're fu-messing with me aren't you." He said more as a statement than a question.

"Yep!" I beam. Still holding his arm.

'Time for step two.'

I make a show of freezing in place, ignoring everyone else.

"Hey, uh, Dennis?" I question the ginger.

"What's up, got more jokes at my expense?" He says in good humor.

"Maybe later. This may sound rude, but does your family have a history of cancer?"

The table goes dead quiet. Dean getting wide eyed, Ellie and girl 2 stare in confusion. The rest of the Wards have varying degrees of awkward looks.

I ask because I'm trying to segue into healing his dad. Dennis doesn't have cancer, he didn't really inherit any cancerous genes from what I can see, other than a higher disposition and risk of skin cancer and leukemia. But from what I'm seeing in his DNA, it's mostly benign, like, he'll get it in his fifties, roughly, and it'll kill itself off. It's one of the kinds that burns out fast.

"Uh, why do you ask?" He says nervously.

"Because you have blood cancer." I say.

Again silence. Until girl 2 speaks up.

"Oh, my god. You're dying?!" She says in a strained whisper.

"I can fix it." I say. And just light up his nervous system, nothing painful.

"WOAH, God." He says with a jolt.

"You okay?" Carlos finally speaks.

Dennis just looks shell shocked, before he finally looks over. "Yeah, yeah, yeah no, I'm good, just, felt like pop rocks went off, in my bones." He then gets a serious look on his face and turns to me.

"Yeah, I'm not as good as PanPan-" I start.

"Fuck off, stop calling me that." Amy says.

"But I can still manipulate biology in the ways she can, maybe more considering I don't hold myself to an arbitrary code that does nothing but hold me back." I finish.

"I will so have words with you later." Amy says, pointing a fork at me.

"Kitsu, can I ask a favor? I'll do anything, hell I'll even go out with you! Just please hear me out!" Dennis says, practically begging.

"I feel I should be insulted with how you said you would 'even go out with you'. But I'm curious, so you may continue. Speak peasant and regal your queen with your burdens so she may judge you." I say, with my head tilted up and my arms crossed.

"It's my dad. He's the one with cancer, can you cure him?"

"Why didn't you ask Amy?" I ask with a head tilt.

"She, has rules when it comes to requests." He says awkwardly.

I just level a look at Amy, cocking an eyebrow.

"It's not fair to the people on waiting lists. There could be a guy paralyzed, with stage four cancer, and he died because I chose to help a friend with their cousins' self-esteem by giving them bigger tits." Amy says.

"That sounds oddly specific." Ellie said.

There's a bit of an awkward silence as everyone takes that in.
"Okay I'll do it, where is ginger senior?" I ask.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
BONUS
.
.
Director Emily Pigott POV
.
"You're certain this is accurate?" I ask Armsmaster.

"The information has been parsed through and verified to be untampered. Kitsu, when she encountered Static Shock, Vista, and Gallant, called them by name. Except with Gallant, she intoned to know about his relationship with Glory Girl. Also going back to her first encounter with capes, Assault and Battery, she told them to 'Kiss already' before shoving Battery into Assault. This happened four years before they would marry, at the time she had no memories. We have reason, with current findings, to believe that Kitsu is a limited precog." He pauses to hear my input. When I said nothing, he continued.

"At first we believed her to be a full postcog, but the history test we had her take debunked that theory, at least partially." That got my attention.

"What do you mean, partially?" I say, raising an eyebrow.

"While she failed the last eighty or so years of history, her results would have been perfect, if this were Earth-Aleph." He explains.

"What?" That made no sense.

"The answers she gave, they're all events that happened on Earth-Aleph, she gave a history report for a separate earth. There is no other way I can put it." He says further.

That needed further investigation. But there was no point in dwelling on it further right now.

"And the other part?" I ask.

"Yes, with the verification that she cannot die, and that her strength is not constant, all gathered from the hospital incident, it has been deemed she is a Brute/Breaker twelve, possible higher." He says.

"Another twelve? Let us just hope this one is more sane than Labyrinth. Though, given her antics and track record, that is highly suspect." I say. "The last thing we need is someone with the possibility of surviving a nuke, to lose touch with reality and view the world around them as a toy."

"Agreed, though I have my suspicions. It may be a passive Thinker power, she may not even be aware she is using it, though that is purely speculation." Armsmaster says before taking a breath. "The final piece of information is a bit more, problematic. With Skidmark dead, Squealer, Porcupine, and Trainwreck in custody. The ABB and E88 have decided that now is the perfect time to make grabs at the little territory the Merchants had. And worse yet, they've been crossing each other in their attempts. We may be looking at a full blown gang war with Capes getting involved. That, and the worst part is it's a three-way, the Merchants have a new leader." Armsmaster reports

"Do we know who it is?" Already knowing the answer.

"No, we suspect it is either Scarecrow, or Mush. Though we only suspect Mush, because we have no confirmation that it is Scarecrow." He says.

"Great." I sardonically. A gangwar between all three gangs in the city? Never thought I'd see the day when I had to admit it, but Skidmark was better left alive. "Did we learn why Kitsu decided to rip off Porcupines' arm, and blind him?"

"Apparently, he had made insinuations that he would rape her, and she acted on that. And it is in line with various investigations and reports made on the man, all we need is for forensics to finish the DNA analysis and confirm whether or not he is the serial pedophile that's been stalking the trainyard and slums near them." Armsmaster informs me.

"This is going to be a long year, I can feel it." I say with a sigh.

"I don't disagree. I've made countermeasures in case she ever decides to return to old habits. If you want to hear them." He offers.
"Later, I need to finish filing this report and it won't get done any faster by me just sitting here, you may take your leave." I tell him.

"Ma'am."
.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N: Carol is 100% pulling strings to keep Kitsu out of her house for as long as possible.
Also, I know Leviathan attacks may 15th, but Kitsu would not remember that for five whole years. As well as a bunch of other things, only generic dates, names, and prominent details.
I've got a lot coming up so my twice a week posting is going to be demoted to once a week, maybe less. Sorry.
No questions? Again? Okay, here's another fun fact, if Kitsu were a canon character, I'd imagine she would most likely end up with Faultline's crew. Probably be best friends with Labyrinth and Gregor, and would likely enjoy picking on Newter. She would likely be the most blood thirsty of the group though, and would enjoy getting high off of Newter. It's Worm, it'd be dark somehow.
Another fun fact is that if Kitsu did allow herself to age, she would be 4'10'' (147.32 cm) not including the ears which add half a foot, and would look something like a blonde Neo from RWBY with blonde stripes of fur growing on her upper arms and a stripe symmetrically on each cheek. Yes, she is just naturally short.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Vahzal Haal Rah, Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt and 457 others
Newb to the game
Mar 15, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 13
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#96
Show begin!
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
*Sounds/actions*
.
.
.
Parahumans Online
You are currently logged in: ToyFoxy
You are currently viewing:
Topic: Kitsu romcom moment
IN: Boards- Location- America- Brockton Bay
Original poster: PointMe@TheSky

Posted On April 1st 2010
So, at school today, managed to get this juicy bit.
(Video-Link-AprilFoolsFox)
(Showing Page 1 of 18)

Antigone
Replied on April 1st 2010

Holy shit! His face is redder than his hair!

Chaosfaith
Replied on April 1st 2010

Is tht racist? I mean, does gnger cunt as a race?
*edit* I MEANT COUNT!

GlitzGlam (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied on April 1st 2010
OMG! How did I miss this! Oh god, poor Dennis XD, little Kitsu playing him like that.

Tdren
Replied on April 1st 2010

What was that bit at the end where she went still? It just cut out.
Also poor guy! You can see the fear and confusion on his face!
Priceless!

PointMe@TheSky (Original Poster)
Replied on April 1st 2010

It was a bit too personal, so I cut it out.

Dawgsmiles (Veteran poster)
Replied on April 1st 2010

Kitsu could be actor with skills like that.
She cracked at the end, but I could see it with some work.

ToyFoxy (Verified Cape) (case 53) (Unverified New Wave)
Replied on April 1st 2010

REALLY?! XD

AllCure (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied on April 1st 2010

She's unhinged enough to be a Hollywood Starlit, all she needs is a drug addiction.

ToyFoxy (Verified Cape) (Case 53) (Unverified New Wave)
Replied on April 1st 2010

I actually can't get addicted to drugs, at least physically, so I guess my dreams of fame are just that, dreams.

Point Me The Sky (Original Poster)
Replied on April 1st 2010

How in the HELL do you know that!
Do we need to stage an intervention?

ToyFoxy (Verified Cape) (Case 53) (Unverified New Wave)
Replied on April 1st 2010

People conveniently forget I was a homeless orphan since I was like, 6 or 7. and I'm 12. :)

Valkyr (Wiki Warrior)
Replied on April 1st 2010

That is rather, grim.
But good info for the wiki at least!

Tumbles
Replied on April 1st 2010

Bruh
Read the room

Aku-42
Replied on April 1st 2010

I would date Kitsu.

Coyote-C
Replied on April 1st 2010

She's a kid, and looks like she's 8
The FBI are on their way.

Aku-42
Replied on April 1st 2010

I'm 14, and she's just short.
Just saying

Dgators
Replied on April 1st 2010

Why are we discussing this? FR

Lasersmile
Replied on April 1st 2010

Why is no one talking about Kitsus (unverified New Wave) Tag?

ToyFoxy (Verified Cape) (Case 53) (Unverified New Wave)
Replied on April 1st 2010

We just got out of Arcadia, how're there this many comments?

(End of Page 1 of 18)
.
.
-April 1st ,1pm 2010-
.
.
Kitsu POV
.
I'm currently riding in the back seat of Dennis' mom's blue Nissan Saturn. A nice blonde lady who at first seemed confused when she saw me following her son, and then when Dennis pulled her aside and explained things, she started treating my like royalty. Stepping on eggshells and being as accommodating as possible.

After this I plan to hit up the docks and hunt down Shadow Stalker, and maybe hit up that Chinese buffet. Free food is free.

Pulling up on a decent house in the suburbs of Downtown, it's a quaint white house with a covered porch and black roof. It had little in the way of a yard, though that was expected in a city. Unless you lived on the vey edges of the city there wasn't much in the way of land.

Walking up the three steps, she pulls a surgical mask out of her bag and wipes her hands with some hand sanitizer. Hearing something behind me I turn to see Dennis doing the same.

'That's right, chemotherapy has probably left his dad's immune system shot to hell.' I think.
Dennis reaches into his bag and hands me a mask as well. I mean, I don't need it, seeing as I sterilize all the bacteria and viruses that get near me with my biokinesis. But I take it anyway and put it on, it's a minor inconvenience at most and it goes a long way towards reassuring these people. Walking inside, the place smells like a hospital, sterilized.

The main room looks to be a living room, with the kitchen being a straight shot from the door across the living room, a door to the right, and the entrance to a hallway to the left. The living room has a grey carpet, beige walls, and dark green reclining couches, one a three seat against the window to the right, next to the front door. And the other is against the left wall and is a love seat, in the far-right corner, between the entrance of the kitchen and the door on the right wall was a flat screen TV.

"Okay, um Kitsu, is there, anything you need? Water, juice, a sandwich?" She sounds like she's about ready to burst into hysterics. Like she is one push away from crying in either despair or unadulterated happiness.

"I just ate." School lets out after lunch.

"Oh, right, um I'll go get Jason." She says. And hurries off to the door to the right. Disappearing inside.
Plopping down on the loveseat, being mindful of my tail. The thing usually has a mind of its own. Wagging, swaying, and drooping with my mood. Right now, it's just held up swaying lazily.

"So, wouldn't it be easier to go in there and just heal him?" I ask.

"Dad, uh, he sleeps, non-decent." Dennis says with a slight blush as he sits on the three-seater.

'Oh?' I think mischievously.

"What do you mean?" I ask with a tilt of my head.

"Uh, he uh, doesn't sleep in pajamas." Dennis says.

"Oh, that's normal." I say nonchalantly.

"What?!" He asks with a voice crack, snapping to look at me with a massive blush.

I lay down on my stomach, elbows on the couch, I put my head in my hands and kick my feet behind me slowly.

"I sleep in my day clothes all the time. Though Carol has been trying to break me of that habit." I say, swaying my head slowly, in time with my kicks. "I don't see why that means I can't just walk in there and see him now."

As I say that, the door to the fathers' room opens, and a lanky, withered bald man walks out. Dressed in house slippers, jeans, and a plaid red flannel while wearing his own mask. I held back the wince I was about to give. This man has seen much better days.

"Okay Dennis, your mother is about to have a break down, what's- Who is this?" He says seriously.

"Dad, this is Kitsu. She's a healer." Dennis explains.

"I'm not, really. But I have the capacity to heal. So when I was messing with ginger junior over here and noticed genetic leukemia, I thought I'd cross off my good deed for the day." I say rolling back to a seated position.

"What?" He questions with a tilt of his head.

"She's here to cure you dad." Dennis says, leaning over with and clasping his hands together. Looking all the part of a concerned family member.

"What? We don't have that kind of money to afford a cape healer! Dennis! Did you wager you trust fund from the Prooooootected fund we put in place when you were born!" He saves himself from outing his kid as a Ward.

"Nice save." I say.

"Stay out! This is between me and my son, whatever he is paying you is off the table. Go home!" This is one rude guy. I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt and assume he's just looking out for his kid.

"Dad! She's doing it for free!" Dennis stands up, he comes about nose height on his dad, needing to look up.

"Not true! Your son owes me a date after this."
They both look at me.

"You, you were serious about that?" Dennis says.

"Yes." I say with a cheerful bob of my head.

I'm not. But fucking with him is awesome.

"I'm even less comfortable with that. My son shouldn't have to sell himself just to make sure I last a little longer." He places his hands on Dennis's shoulders. "Dennis, my boy, you have your entire life ahead of you, it fills me with more pride than you could ever know to see the lengths you're willing to go to see me healthy and whole. But it's the parents' job to provide for their child, not the other way around!"

I get up and head into the kitchen and tune them out before I cry at the sentiment. Rummaging through their pantry I grab a bag of Funyuns and start eating. The best part of my stranger power kicks in when people's attention is wholly on something else, besides, the mom offered. I'm just munching on Funyuns while they're arguing. I then go through their drawers, looking for a pen and paper.

Dennis is yelling at his dad for being stubborn and inconsiderate over how his situation affects him. I'm not really listening at this point.

Finding what I want, and making sure the pen works this time, I walk over to Jason and tug his pant leg. He looks down at me, I only come to just above his waist, and I come up to just under Dennis' chest, stopping his discussion with his son he looks down toward me. Little me with a piece of paper and pen in one hand, and his chips in the other.

"Wanna know something fun?" I say.

"What?" He says, though it sounds more like a statement than a question.

"I don't need someone's permission to heal them. I never took an oath, and this isn't a hospital." I grab his hand, and speeding up my perception I look in.
'WOW! OH GOD! I wanna cry in empathy, this guys' immune system response is shot to the point a cold would kill him! Repairing that I move to kill off all the blood cells that are mutated. A good tenth of his blood cells. His liver is enlarged, didn't know that could happen. Maybe it's not part of the cancer, I go ahead and fix it anyway. He'll be a bit anemic for a while. Nothing rest and food can't cure. Amy could probably just turn all the bad blood into good blood and call it a day, but I'm not as good as her.

"I don't care, I, I, Ooooh kay, what, I, I don't, I feel a lot lighter." He says and starts to wobble. Dennis jumps over and catches him.

"What did you do?!" Dennis shouts.

"What?! Jason! Oh God are you okay!?" She pops out the room and rushes over to her husband.

"He's fine." I say waving a hand. "He'll just be a little anemic for a while, had to kill off all the blood cells that were growing excessively, and all the ones that contained the gene, just to make sue, he basically lost a lot of blood in his body. He'll live but, you may wanna take him to the hospital. If for nothing else than to get a blood test and confirm, oh and I had to put the dead blood somewhere, so his poop will be red for a day or two." Walking past Dennis I hand him a slip of paper with my number on it. "Call me!" And then head out.

I have no real intent to date Dennis, I mean, I wouldn't say no, he's hot and apparently funny. And humor is something I look for the most. But this is an excuse to get closer to him and the Wards as a whole. I already have an in, considering I'm in New Wave, but both my experiences with the Wards have been negative. First was my fighting them at the mall and killing then reviving Dennis. Then the fight where they tried to stop me from reaching the hospital. That and the Wards don't know that I know who they are, though Dean and Vergil have probably figured it out, if not they at least have an idea. So, me doing this will at show I'm willing to help people. Hopefully.
Walking out the front door, I think about my plans for the day. Head to the docks, patrol, hunt for Shadow Stalker, maybe look for the Undersiders and fuck with Tattletale, and end the day at the restaurant whose name I can't pronounce.

*RING*

And that's my phone. Grabbing it and seeing the I.D. is Vicky I answer.

"Go for Kitsu." I say.

"Where the fuck are you?" Vicky says.

"I'm at gingers house." I say calmly, hopping down the steps to the porch. "Where are you?"

"I'm at the school looking for you! You were supposed to wait out front for me after lunch!" She yells.

"If you keep yelling, I'll hang up, cell phones are already rough on my ears what with all the background static, I don't need you yelling and giving me tinnitus." I warn her.

"You can't get tinnitus!" She shouts.

"I can actually, it just takes a lot, and clears up in minutes." I calmly say.

"Then you can!-" *Click*

I warned her.

Continuing my walk down the street I head north following the sidewalk. It's a lovely neighborhood, all the houses are what you'd find in a lifestyle magazine. Idyllic suburban homes, that one even has a white picket fence. And there's an old lady watering her flowers. They look so peaceful, blissfully ignorant of the fact that in a years time all this will be washed away by Leviathan. And willfully ignorant of the gangs destroying the city.

*RING*

With a sigh I check the I.D. It's PanPan!

"Hey! How's it grooving grumpy?" I ask with a cheer.

"God you are getting worse. Where are you going and what were you doing at Dennis's house?" She asks.

"Who's asking? You, or Vicky?" I ask.

"The one who's about to call Carol."

Okay, that one gets me. While I don't care what she thinks, it's still best to not bite the hand that feeds, metaphorically. I need her to sign off on any usage of the money from bounties I collect until I'm 18. It goes both ways, if she wants something she needs my signature as well. And I wanna keep my bed.

"I'm about to patrol the docks, and I just cured ginger senior of his little blood problem." I answer.

"I feel I have to ask because it's you. You did you ask for his permission to tamper with his body before you did so, right?" She says through a sigh.

"..." My silence probably said more than any words could.

"Kitsu, you got permission, right?"

"Does retroactive permission count?" I ask cheekily.

"You know there are laws about that Kitsu, if he decides to sue there is nothing you can do." She says.

"Eh, I'll burn that bridge when I get to it." I say with a shrug.

"What does that mean?" Amy asks with raise in her tone.

"It means, I'm not sure how, but I'm sure I'll mess it up when I get to it. I'd say it's my life motto, but that's live life as though you'll die tomorrow." Ironic, considering all that can kill me is Scion showing up and ripping [Conduit] from my head. Which I'm not about to let happen.

[Agreement]

'I just realized I could use you as a detector to see if any Parahumans are nearby.'

[Affirmation]

"Kitsu." Amy starts before pausing. "Just be home before eight."

"Only if you are~" I sing out.

"I will if the hospital lets me out." Oh hell no.

"Nope! If you are still at the hospital when I get back I will come over and get you!" I say.

*Click*

I hung up before she could protest. I don't know how to help Amy, and that's weighing on me.

'[Conduit] any ideas?'

[Data]
'Thats straight up evil!'

[Indignation; Iteration- You asked]

'Yeah, but brainwashing with biokinesis is NOT the answer!'

[Suggestion; Data]

'That is not much better, but, maybe. If I can't think of anything that'll be plan B.'

[Inquiry; Iteration- Plan A?]

'I'm working on it.'

…

'[Conduit]?'

…

Okay so that means a natural Parahuman is near, I'm currently in E88 territory, so that could be a whole host of possible capes. Hopefully I can avoid them, unless it's Hookwolf, then I'll kick'em in the nads. Just because.

'Neo-Nazi shitheads.'

I turn invisible, because EVERY TIME I run into these guys, they throw me a sales pitch on joining the Empire! Take, A, HINT! Looking around the suburbs I see no one walking around, well, no one except that old lady watering her flowers I passed a few blocks down.

'Maybe, I'm just near one of their houses?' I think.
With that thought I decide to enhance my speed and bolt to the docks.




-Timeskip 2:05pm Docks




Kitsu POV


Being here before doesn't really change how disappointed I get every time I find myself here. It looks like everything stopped being fixed up in the eighties, and it stopped being renovated in the sixties. Like, the buildings were made in the sixties, and the upkeep was stopped in the eighties. No modern housing designs, they have electricity and AC units. But every other house has those window AC units. That should give an idea of how the place is looking, a stark contrast to the Boardwalk where everything is clean and modern. The sun won't set till about six, so I have time to kill just walking around, I say walking, but I'm wandering around on rooftops.

"Man, I do not miss this." Living on my own for five years, I'm rather intimate with the environment of dilapidated buildings and dirty streets, the only good thing about this? The circuit breakers in these houses tend to be worse and provide more energy when I stick a fork in the outlets.

'Wait, I can't break into houses anymore. Damnit.' I think. Being a hero comes with a lot of restrictions and I hate it. But I refuse to go back to the streets, and I'm in the perfect position to help out like this. Though I've spent so much time figuring out how to get in a position to help, I didn't consider how to help.
Hopping down from a rooftop to conserve energy, I'd keep going otherwise. I love running and jumping, flying just doesn't compare. That wind rushing at first of the jump, the feeling of weightlessness at the height of it, and finally that rollercoaster rush of the fall, or the touch of landing when you jump up. It doesn't convey the sense of freedom that flying does, but it has its own sense of adventure. Flying feels lazy in comparison, even more so on the glass platforms I make. It's like riding around on an RC car.

'Oh my god I just got an idea!' next time I'm at the mall I'm getting one of those mini cars for kids. I'm short enough for them. I enjoy being small sometimes.

Stopping as I realize something.

"I forgot my Irida outfit at the house!" I whine out loud, I need to be in my hero outfit when I'm on patrol. I think it's stupid, but Carol says it helps with recognition. Now I gotta run back, put it on, and run over here again.

"Hhaaaaggghhhh!" I whine to the sky before running back to the house.




-Time skip 4:00 pm, The Dallon House-




Kitsu POV


It took me almost an hour to get back here. I would have gotten here sooner, but I got lost. Twice.
Walking in I see Mark in the living room watching TV, he looks at me with a bored look in his eyes.

"Hey Kitsu, how're you?" He says with a small smile.

"I'm good." I say tentatively. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah just, got nothing to do." He says with a sigh.
He didn't take his meds.

"Did you take your medicine." I ask, though I phrase it more as a statement.

He gives me a quizzical look. "How do you know I take medicine; I don't think you've ever been around when it was mentioned."

'Shit! Come up with something fast!'

"I just know. You have all the tell-tale signs of depression, and I doubt you or Carol are not responsible enough to not seek help for you." That sounds believable, right?

"I'll choose to believe that." He says dubiously.

'I'll take it.' "I mean, I can rearrange your brain chemistry to make it produce serotonin properly!" I offer.

I'd do it too. But not without his permission, the difference between Mark and Jason is that Jason would have verifiably died without my help, I wasn't fucking with his brain, and I don't care what he thinks. But with Mark? I live with Mark and such a breach of trust would taint our interactions for the future. And I care what Mark thinks because he's been nothing but kind to me.

"No." He says softly. "I'm not willing to risk that, and even if I was, Carol would kill you."

"She could try." I say with a smile.

"She'll find a way, trust me." He says with a smile. "What are you doing here?"

"I forgot my hero costume." I say.

"Ah, gotcha." He says and goes back to channel surfing.

I have an idea.

"Hey, Mark?" I ask.

"Yeah?"

"After you take your meds, wanna suit up and patrol with me?" I ask excitedly. Tail swishing behind my back.

"You don't want me going with you-" He begins.

"NOPE!" Not letting him finish that line of dialogue I rush over to him, pull him up and push him to his room. Unpowered of course, from my position I'm pushing up his lower back, if I use any strength then I might break his back, or give him whiplash if I speed up.

"Woah, woah! Kitsu! Okay, okay I get it I can walk on my own." He says with a laugh. I still don't stop until we get to his room.

"And don't come out till you're suited up and medicated!" I say and shove him in.

"Okay!" He says indignantly, but I can see the edge of his smile. I just stand outside his room bouncing on my heels.

After about 5 minutes I remember I hadn't changed yet and run to my room.

'It's still weird to think of it as my room.' I think. It's still rather sparse, with a single bed, maroon walls, dark hardwood floor, a dark wooden dresser, and that's it, it's a smaller room, but I could put more in here. Make it really mine.

'Ideas for later!'

Snapping out of my thoughts I rush to my dresser and pulling my hero outfit, I take off my Korina outfit and toss it on the floor, I quickly throw my hero outfit on, with the coup de grace, the red head piece.
Running back out and waiting once again outside Marks and Carols room.

Another five minutes pass and Mark comes out. Dressed in a white armored suit, padded with green accents and a green helmet. Green gauntlets styled to look like frag grenade markings. And that same green grenade padding on his outer thighs and shins.

"What took you so long!" I say with a pout.

"Hey, give me some credit, I had to find it first." He smirks.

"Mmrrrmm!" I growl at him. "No more! I have decided you will be my sidekick! We will patrol every day! And such tardiness will no longer be tolerated!" I say haughtily.

"I can only patrol every other day. I still have to take care of the house." He says.

"My part-time sidekick!" I declare.

"Let me text Carol and let her know where I'll be." He says and heads back in his room to, presumably, grab his phone off its charger. After a few seconds he returns.

"Okay kiddo, sure, let's go." He says jovially.

"Onwards!" I point to the door.




-6:00 ish PM Docks-




After walking around and having nothing happen, I mean, seriously, I expected at least a mugging. We wind up at the docks. It's starting to reach sunset with the sun just barely casting an orange hue over the area. I couldn't zip over here with Mark, one, I don't feel like carrying him, two, I refused to patrol in a sedan because that would look lame. And three, I just enjoyed having what was essentially a stroll through the city. Many people actually shook Marks hand and asked him for autographs, turns out he was more famous than either of us thought. People just thought he was retired and were respecting his decision. This was really good for Mark if nothing else.

"Alright Kitsu, if we don't head back now we'll be late for dinner." Mark says.

"Is that such a bad thing? I mean, no offence, but Carol is a much better lawyer than she is a cook." I say seriously. She burnt potatoes, who does that?

"She isn't that bad." He defends.

"I am genuinely surprised you, Amy, and Victoria, are alive." I say.

"We, mostly ate take out for a while there, I will admit." He says looking away rubbing his neck.

"In that case I'm surprised you all aren't fat as all heck." He just shakes his head with a chuckle.
"C'mon, let's head back."

We start walking back the way we came, I was following Ma-

*BOOOM*

Until we hear an explosion behind us.

…

"Yes!" I shout, throwing my hands up with a smile, I run towards the sound.

"Kitsu! Kitsu wait up!"

Running through the streets I rush past five blocks over to a parking lot, or maybe it was basketball court, hard to tell with all the fire. Looking around I see bodies strung about, all ABB, I see Lung, scaled, bulked up to nine feet tall, and tossing fire balls like he's Mario. There's another cape, it looks like they're glowing, oh, it's Purity.

'How did we not see her on our patrol? She's lit up more than a Christmas tree.' My only explanation for it is that this fight must have been recent. 'And why are the lasers shaped like DNA strands?'

"Hi Lung!" I shout and wave. He's a friend.

Swiveling to look at me, just in time to get blasted in the side of his face by one of Purities double helix beams.

"EESOO OT OW!" He says in a broken, guttural voice.
"Sorry!" I say and get hit by a beam. It seems Purity is making enemies today. Luckily energy attacks get absorbed a little less than an inch from my body, otherwise my clothes would be ruined after every other fight I got into. But seeing as how these two are fighting fire versus light beams, it's free real estate for me baby!

"Want some help?!" Lung is a friend here, hell after the incident with me being poisoned and put on auction, he straightened out his men on that front, they still traffic people don't get me wrong, they just stopped trafficking kids and kidnapping rando's; now they focus on people in dept and junkies who piss them off. Not that I approve but, there is not much I can do about it. Other than single handedly dismantling a human trafficking ring that spans the entirety of North America, which I don't know how to even begin doing.

But other than that, I'll take any excuse to help someone punch a neo-Nazi.

Lung seems to consider it before Purity blasts him again. She never was the smartest, I mean, I remember she tried to fight Jack Slash when he had both her kids' hostage. And she tried to get the PRT to work with her after Leviathan, even though she was a villain and neo-Nazi who had likely murdered dozens of people in cold blood. I have no verification of that last part, but it wouldn't surprise me.

He ignites himself and launches another fireball at Purity, blocking her beam and forcing her to strafe out of the way. Blasting more beams rapid fire she
hits a car across the street, causing it to explode.

*BOOM*

"OOR." Lung spits out. At this point his back is arching up and it looks like he's about to sprout wings.

I jump up on Lungs' head and use it as a platform to jump up higher at Purity, he breathes a blast fire at her and me. He knows it won't hurt me. And I absorb the heat that hits me, heat doesn't hurt anymore, like, at all, the worst it gets is uncomfortable. Anyway, using the flames as cover I enhance my speed and perception. Creating a series of clear platforms, I bounce off them to circle around Purity, the flames working as perfect cover for me to do so unnoticed.
I'll admit, she's fast, even with my enhanced perception that leaves the flames in slow motion, she's moving with enough speed to dodge and move to the side. But, she's not faster than what I can achieve. At least not right now.

Creating a platform above and behind where she is strafing, I somersault to that one and land feet first upside down, normally this would give someone a split second to act before gravity hit them and they fall off. But with me processing images faster and my body moving to react at the same speed, it gives me enough time to position myself just right. Twisting slightly and kicking off, shattering my own platform in the process I tackle Purities midriff with enough force to carry us to the ground.

"Ha! Gotcha!" I shout as we slam into the asphalt. She wheezes before regaining her breath.

I can't keep up the enhanced perception for too long, otherwise I might miss important things or even disorientate myself, try watching a movie, only slow it down to 0.25 speed every other ten minute mark and see how hard it is to follow along with the pacing.

"Little brat! Let me go!" She squirms in what is essentially my super hug.

"Nyo!" I yell out.

As soon as I say that Lung rushes over and smashes a large fist on top of us. I have to keep my arms in position and not let him crush us both. I like the guy, but he gets far too blood thirsty. Contrary to popular theory, Lung is not a battle thirsty murder hobo. But if someone comes out and attacks him? Oh, all bets are off.

His punch would have left a crater in the ground if I didn't absorb it. He lifts his hand up, and looking up I see his neck is now extending, you know this is rather surreal to watch. Seeing all the scales grow in place and extend in real time.

*BOOM*

As I finish that thought, a bouncing bright green ball of light slams into his head and bursts with enough force to almost knock him over.

Looking in the direction I see Mark had made it to the fight.

'Right, kinda left him behind.'

"Mark! Wrong target!" I shout.

"Cape names when in costume Kitsu!" He says, and tosses another at Lung, only this one knocks him over. "And what do you mean wrong target? It's Lung!"

"He's a friend!" In my distraction Purity seemed to find her second wind and blasted out of my grip with an explosion of light. She didn't force her way out of my grip so much as propelled herself so fast and so suddenly that I let go in my surprise.

She looks at all three of us, and with a shake of her head flies away. I could follow, but I have more pressing matters, that being making sure Mark doesn't die.

"Kenta! Don't hurt him!" I hop up off the ground.

"I OT?"

"Because if you do, I'll get upset, and I'll Have to heal him, and then explain to Carol why I let this happen! And I don't wanna do that!" I shout and run over to put myself between the growing dragon and the grenade themed man.

…

There's a good few seconds where Lung and Mark just stare at me, before Lung starts to shrink back down.

"Explain." He says. His thick accent makes the L's sound like R's.

I rush over to Mark, who looks completely lost in this situation, and hold his hand in both of mine.

"I got adopted!" I say cheerfully.

...

"What?" Lung says, staring at us dumbfoundedly.

"Not exactly." Mark replies.

"Basically!" I shout.

"It's a sort of foster care system where we are her legal guardians." He explains with a shrug.

"Adopted!" I say with no less excitement than before.
Lung looks between the two of us before crossing his arms.

"I'll have no problems with you." He gestures to Mark. "If you leave now. Go and I'll overlook your attack this once."

"Okay!" I say and start pulling Mark away from the parking lot.

"What? Kitsu slow down! Wait!" He tries to pull back, but I immediately strengthen myself.

After getting a significant distance from the parking lot I stop.

"What was that about?" Mark intones.

"Lung likes me, but he'll only tolerate others at best, he was letting you leave because you were with me. And he didn't want to upset me if he didn't have to." Had Mark done anything other than leave, Lung would've hurt him to preserve his reputation. Can't have people think he's getting soft.

"Kitsu, how close are you to Lung?" He says sounding concerned.

"He's fond of me, and I consider him a friend, that's about it. I guess our relationship can be best described as amicable." I finish.

*RING*

Mark's phone goes off in a tropical island theme.

"Hang on." He fishes his phone out of a compartment hidden in his gauntlet.

'Oh that's so cool! I want gauntlet pockets! Wait, I need gauntlets first. I can't get gauntlets. It'll ruin my aesthetic!'

"Yeah honey? No. No. At the docks area. We were but there was a fight. Lung and Purity. I would've told you. Then I'd be too dead to do so." There's a tirade of loud words as Mark winces. "Okay, okay not funny, I'm sorry. Look we're heading back now alright? Yes I know, I already did that. Love you too."

*CLICK*

He hangs up the phone and slides it into the compartment on his gauntlet.

"Time to go home kiddo, the missus is a-waiting."




-8:00 PM Dallon House-




Sitting at the table was Carol at the head, Mark to her right, Vicky to her left, and me next to Mark. Mark changed out of his costume, and Vicky is sweats and white T-shirt. I opted to stay in my Irida outfit, It's my favorite.

We're eating salad, store bought.

'With all the money I have I could buy a personal chef, or at least get Carol or Mark some cooking lessons.'

"Can't we order pizza?" I whine.

"You ask that every night." Carol says, not looking up from her food.

"I want pizza every night. Also, can I have a thousand bucks?" I ask.

"Pfft! I'm sorry what?" Vicky sputters.

Carol calmly sets her fork down and looks at me, she knows I need her signature on any withdraws, but if she wants to use any of the literal billions from me singlehandedly taking out The Machine Army, she needs my informed consent and signature.

"What for?" She asks tentatively.

"I wanna decorate my room." I say. And another pause.

"Wait, what? How come I only get a couple hundred a month, and she gets a grand just by asking!" Vicky shouts.

"Vicky, sweetie, Kitsu is asking permission to use money that she got from destroying Eagleton. It's her money and she earned it, but she needs your mother's permission to use it before she turns eighteen." Mark says.

"Why am I just now learning of this?" Vicky asks.

"Because it wasn't your business, besides I already agreed to lend cash towards yours and Amy's college." Not that they'll use it if everything happens as it did in canon, but oh well.

"Oh." Vicky says calming down.

"You can decorate your room, but! Nothing that requires nails, nothing obscene, no lava lamps, and I will be going with you and vetting everything you get." Miss Control Freak grates out.

"Can Amy or Mark come along?" I ask.

"If they want." She agrees.

"Deal!"

We go back to eating in silence, I can tell Vicky is sour about the circumstances, but she can deal with it. 'She wants billions? She can clear out a S-class threat, I hear Africa has a bunch. You'd think Australia would have a lot but no. Oh god I just thought of a Skitter in Australia, that would be horrifying, funnel webs going around and all the other crap they got going? Makes me shiver at the thought.'

Snapping myself from that line of thinking I notice the missing person.

"Where's Amy?" I ask, though I already know.

"She's pulling a late shift." Vicky says.

I let the silence hang for a moment before getting out of my chair.

"Welp, I'll be back!" And I bolt out.




It takes about thirty minutes to run over to the hospital, mainly because I wasn't roof hopping this time, I need to get a better understanding of the city's layout, and running on the ground will give me the experience I need.

Coming up to the hospital I walk through the entrance, Brockton Bay is still a large city so it's no surprise that the waiting room is half full at this time of night. Walking up to the reception desk; I barely reach above it in height, like, my lips are level with the countertop, so I have to stretch up on my tippy toes to reach up. The older lady with brown hair and green eyes behind the desk notices me walk in and gives a look that is a mix of puzzlement and concern.

"Um, hi? How can I help you sweetie?" She says softly.

"I'm here to pick up Amy." I say.

"Uh, last name? And where are your parents?" She asks.

"Dallon, and they're in a better place." Technically true, while I don't remember them, just about anywhere is better than Earth-Bet. 'Hell I'd take the Rwby-verse over this place, and that place is half dead already! This place is a dying carcass.'

"OH! Oh um, well, Panacea is in the burn ward right now, there was a fire earlier this morning near at an apartment complex near the trainyard, and she's been tending to the victims all day. What do you mean by pick her up?" She asks awkwardly.

"Just that, where is the burn ward?" I ask.

"It's on the east end of the building, I don't think you-"

"Thank you!" And I rush off to the east end, watching for signs and directions. I've been cutting people off a lot today, weird.

After a few minutes of searching, and finding nothing but empty rooms, sleeping patients, a fat man getting a sponge bath, and a doctor and a nurse banging in a supply closet, I didn't see them, but I heard them and honestly? Good for them.

Thought about messing with them, but I don't wanna get distracted.

After almost slamming into a parked gurney, I stopped using my enhancements and just searched the normal way.

Hallway, empty room, empty room, guy puking in a bucket, empty room. I swear this place was made to be as confusing and monotonous as possible, if it weren't for the signs I'd assume I was running in circles.

Wait, I hear something.

Making a hard turn I rush around a corner to see Amy in her baggy white robes with the red health emblems. She's arguing with an older man and woman, standing the same height as Amy the woman is a lighter tone than the man and green eyes and blonde hair, while being slightly shorter the man has a skin tone that is a touch darker than presumably his wife, with Brown hair and eyes.

"I've told you multiple times, I, Don't, Do, Brains!" Amy says, clearly stressed.

"There has to be something! You're the best healer around, even Scapegoat can do brains!" The tear-stained woman shouts.




Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV


How many times do I have to tell these people. I won't do it, of all the people that had to fall into a coma from smoke inhalation, it had to be the kid of two of the most stubborn individuals ever.

"Look, If you want, I can get you in touch with Scapegoat?" I offer, he's one of those healers who'll offer their services, for a price. But if they don't know that then they can just leave me alone while they figure that out.

"We can't afford that!" The man says.

'Damnit. I was hoping that get them off my back.'

"Hey! What's happen'n Cap'n?" I hear a young, annoyingly chipper voice say.

'Oh god no, not her, I have enough of a headache as is.' Turning to the voice I see Kitsu walking over in her usual costume, complete with her stylized coats tails, or sash, or whatever it's supposed to be. I think she referred to it as her arid outfit or something. She looks between the three of us. With the couple looking down at her confused.

"Who is this?" The woman says.

"I think that's Kitsu." The man said.

"Who?" At that Kitsu furrows her brow and pouts, it'd look admittedly adorable if I didn't know that her pouting usually preluded her doing something, attention grabbing. Last time she ordered five pizzas to the house because Carol made beef stroganoff.

Kitsu doesn't like stroganoff.

"She destroyed Eagleton, I think." He says.

"What?" Does this woman live under a rock?

"The Machine Army?" He repeats. A look of recognition crosses her face as she goes pale.
"Um, what are you doing here?" She addresses Kitsu.
Kitsu, still pouting with puffed cheeks ignores her and turns to me.

"It's almost nine, you've been up since, like, seven this morning, I'm taking you home." She says.

"You can't take her; she hasn't healed my son!" the woman yells.

"I, Can't, Heal, Brains!" I shout. How, many, times!
Out the corner of my eye, Kitsu walks past me and into the room we were standing in front of.

"Kitsu? What are you? Kitsu don't! You don't have a license or permission!" I try to grab her, but she just dodges out of the way.

"Half of all cape healers don't have a license." She says as she touches the boys arm.

"He's healed, can we go now?" How does she heal so fast? It takes me at least a minute to heal someone. She really won the lottery with her powers. What? No, not the time to brood. She just broke the law, for the second time today!

"How do we know you're telling the truth?" The father questions. "Last I checked you're not a healer."

Kitsu just glares at him with slitted eyes and a pouty face, again, adorable if I didn't know what comes after. Walking over to the brown-haired boy she leans down and-

"WAKE UP BUTTMUNCH!" She shouts in his face. He immediately sits up in the hospital bed, green eyes going wide, screaming.

"MOM! DAD! FIRE WHEre are, where am I?" He looks around the room, spotting his parents who immediately rush over, pushing us out of the way.

"Oh Benjamin! I, I-" The mother sobs out.

"There, he's fine. Let's go." She walks past and grabs my hand, I once again get a look into her biology and am astounded as to just how robust it is, there's also something in there, in her DNA that I just can't place, there's something hidden in there, like it's hiding on purpose. Snapping out of my daze I notice Kitsu had grabbed me and ran us outside to the parking lot. She sets me down and looks at me with a smile.

'What? Does she expect me to congratulate her or something?'

She literally broke several laws with what she just did.

"Kitsu! You can't just do that! This is the second time today! That you've tampered with someone's body without their permission!" I yell.

Her tail drops and her ears fold against the back of her head. It is genuinely surprising to see someone so small somehow look smaller.

"But, I saved him. Isn't that what heroes do?" She asks.

"There are laws about saving people! Didn't Carol spend three days drilling that into your head." I point out.

"Well yeah, but, I just. Wanted to get it over with so you could come home." She mumbles.

Somehow I feel as though I'm the bad guy here.

'Remember Amy, she's just a little girl, a little girl who spent the last five years with any guidance or supervision, she's not evil, she's not a villain, she's just ignorant, eager to impress.' I remind myself to be patient. Carol really stressed to me and Vicky that despite how clever Kitsu can be, she had NO experience being in civilized company for extended periods of time and that she can technically be considered a feral child, in that she has no experience with proper social behavior or care. The only thing separating her from other feral children is that she suffers no language deficit or metal deficits, though that bit is highly debatable.

I take a breath, and calm myself.

"Kitsu, those laws are meant to protect people-"

"Protect them from being saved?" She asks with a tilt of her head.

"Look, it's more complicated than that." I say. I'm too tired for this shit.

"It doesn't have to be. If someone is in danger then we're supposed to save them, why would saving be bad?" She asks confused.

"It's, it just. Kitsu, just take me home." I'm not dealing with this right now.

"Kay." She says before pausing. "Hey Amy?"

"What?" I ask.

"Is what I did evil?" She asks in return.

"No, you did a good thing, you just went about it the wrong way." I say tiredly.

"Okay, how many people did you heal today?" That was out of nowhere.

"Uh, I don't usually keep track, why?" I ask.

"Is it more than fifty?" She presses.

"Easily, why?" Where was this going?

She stares me in the eyes before rushing forward and hugging me. "You're a good person Amy, better than me, don't let anyone tell you otherwise."

I'm so caught of guard I just stand there staring at this little girl, as a warm feeling settles in me. 'When was the last time I was hugged? Is it, always supposed to feel so comforting?' Kitsu let go of me, and no sooner than she did, did I lose that feeling of warmth and comfort.

"Let's go home." She says and creates a transparent white platform under us.




Kitsu POV


I feel evil.

I decided to go with plan B. Basically, when I compliment Amy, or tell her she's a good person, I make her love me. And then stop doing so when I stop complimenting or comforting her. Do it consistently over enough time and her brain will start recognizing me as someone she loves, classic Pavlovian conditioning. Eventually I won't even need to use my power on her. Her brain will start associating my presence with love.

I can't control how people love me, be it platonic, familial, or romantic. But the only person Amy loves, and she feels loves her back, is Vicky. And, this is only speculation but, Amy can't really seek comfort from Vicky without feeling guilty over her feelings towards her. In Amys mind, she is romantically and sexually attracted to her only family member. Carol was never a mother to her, and Marks depression got in the way of him ever really being a dad to her. I'm trying to give her a separate vent for stress, a shoulder to lean on, in the worst way I can.

I feel like a discount Heartbreaker, I'm not okay with this, but I don't have any other idea. I just have to keep telling myself it's all for the best.

'I do wonder what power that kid will develop, he sounded familiar, what was his name again?' I think, trying to distract myself. When I was healing him I noticed he had an active Corona Pollentia.







BONUS




Dennis "Clockblocker" POV


Sitting in the hospital room my dad is in with mom we finally get the results back.

"I'm honestly shocked, aside from a bit of anemia, and blood in your stool. There is no trace-" The doctor pauses as he flips through his clipboard. "-that there is anything wrong with you. Not even any trace you ever even had cancer, no damaged immune system from the chemotherapy, no increased rate of white blood cells, if anything it's a little low, nothing dangerous, even your bones and bone marrow are healed from the damage and surgeries. With a bit of food and rest you'll be a picture of health." The doctor said.

"You're sure, nothing? Nothing at all is wrong with me?" My dad asks pensively.

"No, I'd ask that you stay overnight, but I don't think even that would be necessary, just avoid any unnecessary risks to your health, eat some proteins, and let your blood grow back." He says. "Honestly a miracle."

"Thanks doc. That is, very reassuring." Dad says.

"If you don't mind me asking, what happened." He presses.

"My son contacted a Cape healer." And my dad levels another glare at me.

The doctor winces. "If, if money is tight right now, we have options-"

"That won't be necessary, though I would like to talk to my son for a bit if you wouldn't mind." Dad says.

The doctor just nods his head and leaves the room.

The silence is deafening.

"So, any advice on where I should take my first girlfriend?" I ask, trying to break the tension.

"Dennis, this is serious." My dad says.

"I'm being serious, mostly, twenty percent is mostly right?" I try.

"You went behind my back-"

"He saved your life Jason, stop being an ass and just be happy you get to live to see your only son grow up!" My mom finally snaps.

"Jennif-" My dad tries.

"No. You think you had it bad? You did, but so did we! I had to watch as my husband, the love of my life, slowly withered away and I was powerless to stop it! And I had to watch my son lose his father and not know how to comfort him for the eventuality. So suck up your pride and deal with it." My mom pushes forward.

Mom is the type of person to bottle things up and let it all out when it reaches critical mass.

"Jeez mom, just got better no need kill him like-" I cut in.
"And you! Your not out this." She cuts me off. "You are going to call that little girl, you are going to give a good day, and you are going to let her down gently. Understood?"

"Um."

"Understood?!"

"Yes ma'am."

"Good, honestly what were you thinking? Agreeing to go out with an eight-year-old? You'd think you-"

"Twelve." I say.

"Excuse me?" She says.

"She's twelve, she gets upset when people refer to her as younger than she is." I correct, grateful for the reprieve.

"She's twelve? She goes to school with you?" My asks as see the gears turning in her head.

"Yeah?" I say cautiously.

Mom pauses before clapping her hands together.

"Oh that's just perfect then! You go on your date and let me know how it went sweetie, be a gentleman, treat her right." She says, doing a complete one eighty.

"Huh?/What?" Dad and I sound out.

"Well if she's twelve then that's okay, I started noticing boys when I was ten, and you're only four years apart, your dad and I are six years apart! And we met in high school!" Mom says, likely projecting her own experience onto my life.

"Jennifer! We met in passing once when I was on an errand for my dad, and we didn't start dating until college five years later!" My dad protests.

"Oh hush you! I was after you from day one, you just didn't notice for five years, and beside this Kitsu at least has good taste." She says.

"MOM!" Oh my god, my mom is trying to set me up.

"Oh hush you're a handsome boy and you know it." She says, pinching my cheeks.

"She looks like she's eight!" I say, batting her hands away.

"So your judging her based on her looks?" She gives me the 'oh really now' look.

"What? No but-"

"Dennis, just stop, your not gonna win, I've been married to your mom for eighteen years now, and I still haven't won once." Dad says.

"Listen to your father sweetie, he's a smart man." Mom says.

'I wish Kitsu had let me die in the mall.'
.
.
.
A/N A day in Kitsus' new life. Part 2 end.
Just a little perspective from the opposite with Kitsus' trolling. I noticed that every time Kitsu messes with someone, it's from her point of view, so here's the other way around with Amy's and a little of Dennis's POV.
I imagine Dennis as being 5'6" and his dad at 5'10", Kitsu is 4' roughly, 4'6" when she stretches her ears to full height, her tail reaches her ankles but doesn't quite touch the ground. Just google Senko-san. And I imagined her to sound something similar to Gawr Gura or Mumei.

Also, I heard it best from someone else. But Kitsu is not heroic, she cares more for the individual than she does the people, if given a choice between one person dying and ten, she will let the one die. Unless that one is someone she cares about. Then it becomes a matter of negotiation, how many people is Mark worth? Or Vicky? Or Wade? She would absolutely let others die to protect the ones she cares for, up to a point.

Towards the end with Kitsu and Panacea, Who knows a brown haired green eyed boy named Benjamin who has powers? -Inset evil devil smile emoji thing-

Lungs out of character behavior will be explained in the next chapters BONUS.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Vahzal Haal Rah, Bev and 459 others
Newb to the game
Mar 16, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 14
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#109
This took me. A full hour to crosspost.



I reread my previous post and noticed I forgot something, Kitsus' powers that I posted? I didn't include all the drawbacks, mostly to avoid spoilers, and I realized that Kitsu IS immune to master effects and I forgot. And I haven't been using her Nice-guy ability because I forgot about that too. So I'm ruling it that Kitsu just hasn't figured out how to use it yet.
And heads up, only half this chapter is Kitsus' POV.

*SPOILER* And just as all the drawbacks weren't shown to avoid spoilers, so too were all her powers, second trigger still applies ;) *SPOILER*
Most of the threads about Kitsu on PHO are from people going bonanzas over her fight with Behemoth, Her interactions with Nilbog, and then her destruction of Eagleton. Other than that, She hasn't had much spotlight until recently.
.
.
.
.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(text)
*Sounds/actions*
.
.
.
.
.
.
-April 2nd, 6:30am 2010, Dallon House-
.
.
Kitsu POV
.
*Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

"Kitsu! You've been in there for over half an hour! I still need a shower!" I hear Vicky yell from the other side of the door.

I usually wake up earlier than this, habit born out of sleeping in unsafe areas, but someone thought it was a good idea to have a midnight meeting with their boyfriend last night.

"I'm brushing my tail! I refuse to leave this building without it looking immaculate and shiny!" She can suffer for keeping me up.

"Just hurry up! We have to leave before seven, and I still haven't eaten yet!" She yells.

I need to get an alarm clock today; Mark and Carol are taking me to the mall after school so I'll get one then.

"I'm almost done! Just hop in while I blow dry by hair!" I say.

"You locked the door!" 'I've had my revenge, don't want to antagonize her too much.'

"Sorry! Force of habit." Putting a towel on I walk over and letting her in, she walks past me in a towel and steps into the shower, closing the curtain, she tosses the towel to the floor. I go back to the mirror and plug in the blow dryer.

'Cute, is not easy.' I think with pride.



I'm wearing my Roxie outfit and changing my hair to white, tail and ears included. Because blonde hair just doesn't work with the blues and purples of this outfit and beside that, it'll only last the day. This outfit is honestly underrated, the shirt is more of a long sleeve dress and I'm wearing black shorts underneath. Though I can see why some wouldn't like the punk rock aesthetic. But they can suck it, I look rad!

And yes, almost all my outfits are based on Pokémon characters.

Walking out of my room and heading to the table for breakfast, both Vicky and Amy just stare at me.

"What?" I ask.

"Did you dye your hair?" Vicky asks.

In response I turn my hair back to blonde, and then back to white, it feels like the world's worst case of head lice to do this, but only for a second. Enjoying the look of surprise on their faces I grab the captain crunch and pour a bowl.

"How did you?" Amy begins.

"I can alter my appearance however I want; I've said this many times." I say with a sigh.

"Well yeah but, I've never seen you- wait. So, you look like an eight year old on purpose?" Vicky says accusingly.

"No." I growl out. "One, I'm short, I don't look like a child, I don't even have any baby fat, and I'm a B-cup! That should be enough of a clue that I'm not a kid! Two! If I don't rework any changes I make, I return to my default when I fall asleep." I'm getting tired of people assuming I'm a grade schooler.

Maybe I should bite the bullet and just age. I'll talk to [Conduit] about it when I get a chance, see what I can do to avoid the ugly bits. Hair and all that I can turn off the follicles, so long as I remember every morning I'll stay as smooth as a baby's bottom, but it's the monthly cycle I'm trying to avoid. I could delay, but too much of that would lead to amenorrhea. And preventing it all together while allowing the other changes can lead to some unpredictable and nasty side effects, what with the Case 53 aspect and all.

Ugh, I wish I had Amy or Bonesaw's innate knowledge on this.

"Jeez is it someone's time of the month?" Vicky asks.

"No, I'm just upset at people constantly assuming I'm a child just because of my height. And I don't get a time of the month." I angrily take a bite of my cereal.

"Lucky." Vicky says under her breath.

"I mean, I could, but I don't wanna." I add.

"What?" Amy asks, raising an eyebrow.

"I only age, when I want to age. I don't wanna age, so I don't." I say simply.

"So, how old are you really?" Vicky asks.

"I'unno." I say with a shrug. "My first clear memory was me waking up in an alley in Boston around midday, I was about, seven-ish?" closer to six but I don't need them thinking of me as any younger. I'm chronologically 11, give or take a year, physically 12 pushing 13.

"Hold up, when was this?" Vicky asks.

"Uh, May 9th, 2005." I say.

"So twelve is the safe guess?" Vicky asks.

"Pretty much, for all I know I'm actually fourteen on a calendar. My biokinesis is what tells me I'm twelve, though I'm closer to thirteen, at least physically." I shrug.

"And what are you mentally?" Vicky snarks.

"A mess." I say seriously.

"Got that right. Hey Kitsu." I look over to Amy, who's on her phone. She looks like she's trying to piece together a puzzle.

"What's up?" I ask, finishing my cereal.

"The Parahuman wiki says you first appeared in a Wendy's parking lot in Revere, in the late afternoon, north of Boston." She says. "And Boston was under quarantine at that time."

Realization hits as I feel tears peek at the edges of my eyes, my heart racing in my chest at the memory.

'Please don't, please don't ask, don't dig deeper please.' I think in desperation, feeling the memory forcing its way through to the front of my mind.
Though I'm frozen in silence. The lump in my throat keeping me from speaking. 'Don't remember, don't think, don't think about it, think about something else. Okay, I see Amy, I see Vicky, I see the table, I see-'

"Are you sure you popped up in Boston?" Amy asks.

"Amy." Vicky says.




Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV


"Amy" Vicky says quietly.

Looking up from my phone to Vicky. Who just looks back to me, wide eyed and pale.

"What?" I ask in concern. She looks like she'd just seen a ghost.

In response she just nods her head towards Kitsu. Looking over to the munchkin I-

'Oh god.' I think.

She's shaking, pale, hyperventilating, and on the verge of tears. But most of all, I don't think I'd ever seen Kitsu this scared.

"Shit, she's having a panic attack." I spit out. 'What happened? Was it something I said? Or was this a case of a panic attack that strikes without cause? Is this a recurring issue or new?'

I go through a list of causes and effects in my head. Months of long hospital hours telling me what I need to do. The normal procedure being to get their attention, if possible. Move them to somewhere quiet, ask them what they need, and get them to slow their breathing.

Though I have no experience dealing with a pubescent powerhouse. If she turns violent, it'll look like a scene straight out of Carrie.

"Kitsu? Can you hear me?" I ask slowly. I'm not sure what to do if I can't calm her.

She doesn't respond, she's mumbling something, but I don't know what.

'Is she, counting?'

"Ames, what am I supposed to do? You're the expert and first aid didn't cover panic attacks." Vicky asks.

"Don't do anything, if we scare her, she could react violently. Don't even move out of her sight." I say. "Kitsu, can you hear me?" Her eyes snap to me so fast it was honestly alarming, her eyes constricted into needles, before slowly dilating to a more cat like roundedness.

"I need you to slow your breathing, listen to me, in, out, in, out." She starts breathing in time with my words. After a minute of this she finally speaks.

"Please, please don't ask anymore, don't talk about it." She says in a quiet voice.

"Talk about what?" Vicky asks,

And Kitsu's starting to hyperventilate again. 'God damnit Vicky.'

"We won't I promise, not a word. How about we go to school together today? Wanna pick on Dennis some more? I'll help." That gets her to slow down again. After another minute she calms down fully.

"I, yeah, can, I go with you today? And can you not mention this to anyone?" She asks.

"Sure." I need to look into this later. I won't tell Carol or Mark, but maybe someone at the hospital would know how to deal with this.




Kitsu POV


After nothing happened. We continued our morning routine where Vicky punches me at my request, adding to my energy stores. I currently have enough to last me a few days if nothing happens, and maybe a full day and a half of constant use.

I also found out that Vicky had laced all my food with hot sauce. That's what the whole deal with me forgetting my lunch yesterday was about. Failed revenge for the April fools prank I pulled.

Afterwards we find ourselves at school, Friday sees me at gym class for the first hour. And I grin at the possibilities. There is almost nothing I can't do physically!

Walking in with my book bag this time. I try and leave Vicky behind, only for her to follow me.

"Stop following me!" I jump around and shout.

"I'm going to gym class; you're walking in front of me." She says looking down at me.

Still walking, just backwards now. I see her smirk.

"What?" I ask.

"Oh, nothing." She says with a smile, stops walking and crosses her arms.

I hear someone chuckle behind me and turning towards it I bump into someone. Looking up I lock eyes with a blue haired, brown eyed boy. He's about a good head taller than me. Though that's not saying much.

"Ninja?" I ask with a tilt of my head.

"What? No. It's me, Eric? Vicky's' cousin? Technically yours as well now. Who's Ninja?" He asks.

I just look back towards Vicky. "What does a DJ name his son?" I ask with grin.

"What?" She asks with confusion, likely at the randomness of the question.

I point at the blue haired boy. "ERIC, Get it?"
Face palming with a groan she walks past me.

"I hope you never meet Dennis." Eric says.

"She already has! And she's proven to be worse!" Vicky shouts.

Eric, after hearing Vicky, just turns back to me. "Aren't you blonde? I thought you were blonde."

"I am blonde, what are talking about?" I ask with a smile.

"Your hair is white." He says.

"No it's not." I gaslight.

"Yes, it is." he persists.

"You're either crazy, or colorblind." I say and walk past him. Barely managing to hold in a laugh.

"What?" He says incredulously.




Sitting on the bleachers in our school gym clothes, baggy grey shirt and baggy blue shorts that I had to rip a hole in for my tail. I find myself sharing this class with Eric, Chris, and Vicky. I changed my hair back to blonde, just to mess with Eric. I turn to Vicky, who's just leaning forward, elbows on knees, head in hands.

"So, do they just pretend to let us play, or?" I ask, letting the question hang in the air.

"Pretty much, I'm usually goalie or referee in games. But you can turn your strength off, can't you?" Vicky says boredly.

"They don't know that." I say with a smile.

"Pretty sure that's cheating." Eric says from the other side of me, one row down.

"Hey! No eavesdropping on girls' conversations! It's creepy." I admonish him.

"Yeah Eric. You a creep?" Vicky chimes in.

"I'm not a creep! And your hair is blonde now!" He points.

"I've always been blonde. Vicky haven't I always been blonde?" I ask her with a wide smile.

"Hmm? Oh! Yeah, she's always been blonde." Vicky says with a smile.

'I'm starting to like her.'

Eric just throws his hands up in defeat.

*SHREEEE*

"MY EARS!"




Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon POV


After Kitsu got her bearings, it turns out gym whistles hurt her ears.

'Who would've thought the girl with large fox ears would be sensitive to high pitched sounds.' I think sarcastically. At least it wasn't another panic attack, God that was terrifying.

Anyway, I made a bet with her, she can't use her powers. If she goes the whole class without using her powers once, I'll owe her some pizza. She is surprisingly easy to bribe once you gain a little bit of trust with her.

*BANG*

She sucks at dodgeball though.

"Kitsu! You're out." Said coach Hussman, though he said her name like Kit sue.

"It's Keet-sue!" She shouts. Only for someone else to take the distraction as incentive.

*BANG*

'Holy shit Eric!' That someone was Eric, and he just knocked Kitsu square in the side of her head, knocking her over.

"Oh God! I am so sorry! Are you okay?!" I don't think he intended on knocking her over, because apparently even that can be turned off.

Kitsu just sits up and levels a glare at him, I think she's trying to be intimidating, but she is failing miserably and just coming off as pouty.

"I was already out!" She shouts.

'I need popcorn.' I think with a smirk.

*brzzzt*

"Hmm?" Fishing my phone out of my pocket, I see it's a text from Dennis.

(Hey, this may seem weird but. What does Kitsu like?) -D

What?

(Pizza, Amy, Dad, messing with people, and comedy shows, not sure on the last one) -V

(Anything else?) -D
(I've knwn her for a month. What more did you xpect?) -V
(Thx anywy) –D
(Gotta ask y) –V
(Lng story short? I'm going on a date) –D
(With Kitsu? You know shes like 12 right?) -V
(I know, but, well, I dont wanna get into it) –D
(You do you, just saying, a 12 yr old and a 16 yr old? Just a little bit creepy) -V
(Romeo and Juliet Laws) -D

Googling it, I'm brought to a wiki about various laws across the U.S. Apparently so long as it's not bigger than a four-year difference it's legal.

'That's weird. But so long as it's legal' I think with a shrug. Cape lives are dangerous, hell, as unlikely as it is, I'm statistically twelve times more likely to die before I'm twenty, as compared to the average teenager, and that's not including Endbringer attacks. So if they end up together and are happy? Fuck it, leave'm be.

'When is Kitsu's birthday? Would it be May 9th?'

(How do you know about that?) -V
(My mom) -D
(OMG! Is your mom trying to set you up!) -V
(How in the hell did you piece that together?) -D
(Because I'm not an idiot who cant read contxt clues, and that is honestly hilarious, I wanna know how it goes) -V
(Pls don't make a big deal out of this) -D
(Your first girlfriend is possibly one of the strongest individuals in north America, I'm gonna make a big deal out of it) -V
(Look, I owe Kitsu a date for curing my dad's cancer) -D
(And my mom made me promise to make an honest attempt) -D
(OMG! I just realized, Kitsu got herself a Dennis just like she said! LOL XD) -V
(Pls stop) -D
(Would you?) -V

The fact that his mom is trying to set him up with Kitsu is the greatest thing I've heard all week! I kinda feel bad for him, Kitsu is gonna drive him insane!
'Wait, Kitsu doesn't age. Should I tell him? No, I am not going to be the opener to that can of worms, let Kitsu deal with it herself.' I think. 'Should I tell him about the panic attack? Make sure he's prepared in case it happens again?'

*Clap*

Coach Hussman has been clapping instead of using the whistle.

*Clap*

"Dallon! You're up!" Snapping out of my thoughts I fly down to gym floor. Landing next to Kitsu on the sidelines I just level a smug look down at her.

"What?" She asks.

"Oh, nothing." I say.

'I promised I wouldn't, besides, I'll just tag along from a distance and make sure nothing happens.'




Kitsu POV


Changing my hair to match my outfit again. I head to my next class.

After gym class I have chemistry, oddly enough Chris is here with me. Chris, otherwise known as Kid Win. Though I guess it's not too surprising, given that he's a Tinker. He'd be taking all the science classes he can, if nothing else than to figure out his specialty.

'Kinda wish I had a Tinker power. Imagine it! A jetpack! Kitsu the flying fox!'

"Kitsu, sense you have time to daydream, what is the answer to number 3 on the board." Mr. Rose asks.
Looking at the board, my head is filled with an answer, like I did this one before. Like you do two plus two often enough that don't even think of putting them together, you just think four.

"Uh, ten point eight grams of water?" I say.

There is a noticeable silence.

"Close, the answer is ten point nine. Please try and pay attention from now on." The teacher answers.

"Kay." I say simply.

"How did you get that so fast?" A skinny guy next to me asked.

"I'unno, I just knew the answer, kinda." I shrug.

I notice Chris from the other side of the table, just staring before he writes something down. That got me curious, so I get up and turn invisible, leaving a decoy and walking, making sure to carefully dodge around classmates and random stuff strewn about. Making my way over to him I look at what he is writing.

Kitsu, known A-class, possible S-class
Brute, possible Breaker, 12. Near complete invulnerability.
No applicable use
Striker 5, Can create hard light weaponry, has displayed a limit of 30 feet, and possible biokinetic. Has displayed powers similar to Amy.
Bio scanner? No, those are already a thing. Lightsaber already denied approval.
Blaster 4, Hard light weaponry does not extend past 30 ft.
Hard light weponry? Hard light guns? Could use as non-lethal long range concussive weapons.
Stranger 2, can turn invisible. Only sight and sound.
Cloaking field?
Shaker 4, Illusions, what you see, isn't always what you get.
Decoy generators? Deployable preprogrammed light constructs?
Changer 1?, Claims to be able to alter appearance at will. But has only been seen to change hair color. Could be hair dye, or more illusions.
Thinker 4, possible 5. Seems to simply "Know things" No known pattern to knowledge.
Attach a wifi connection to Google in the goggles? No, security risk.
Mover 8, can run at ludicrous speeds.
Turn hover board into Hover bike? Incorporate hover tech into suit?
Self Trump? Has consistently shown powers previously not seen.
Swapable power armor pieces? Modular battery system to divert energy as needed or to overcharge various systems?

'Oh. He's using me as a basis for inspiration on his tech.' Maybe I should tell him his specialty, the modular battery system would be awesome. Being able to swap weapons mid fight? He could be as versatile as Hero was.

Eavesdropping done and curiosity sated, I make my way back to my seat. Taking the place of my decoy I return my attention back to the teacher.




Art class sees a reprieve from any parahumans nearby. Giving me time to talk to conduit.

'So, any advice for my aging problem?'

[3]

'three options, okay, what's option number one?'
[Iteration; Age Normally, Deal With It]

'Nope, next option?'

[Data]

'Okay, still not used to that.' Option two is basically regulate my hormones manually, I'll age, not get periods, and be able to control my proportions growing up. But, it requires CONSTANT work, like, even in my sleep.
'Can't really do that. If I forget or mess up it could be ugly. Not to mention it's so much work!'

[Data]

'...'

[…]

'You're serious?'

[Affirmation]

Option 3 is to modify my body to lean more towards my fox traits, it would require no reworking, seeing as it's already a part of me, just one being covered up. Instead of a menstruation cycle, I'll have an estrus cycle. The pros? It's once a year and only lasts 3-5 days. The cons? It's more personality afflicting when it happens, it wouldn't make a sex crazed nympho or anything when it happens, just more affectionate and excitable. On top of that it'll make me genetically less human, making any chance at kids, if I ever decide I want them, nearly impossible. Also makes any blood transfusions impossible. No Jinbei Luffy moments for me.

'Out of curiosity, how human am I?'

[99.5 %]

'Really? I'd thought it'd be lower, what would I be if I chose the estrus cycle?'

[97% Correction: 95%]

'What? Why'd it go down?'

[Addition Of Secondary Characteristics And Modifications Needed To Avoid Dysmorphia]

'And it's permanent?'

[Affirmation; Data]

The process would effectively delete and replace parts of my brain and body, and the parts that are changed out would be locked in. Basically, I need to decide one or the other. Because once I start a cycle, the hormones running through me would be incompatible with the other cycle. Any attempt to change back would need to be done so with a kind of precision only Amy could do without messing up. And she refuses to do brains.

[Conduit] could do it, but the process would leave me comatose until done. And that would leave both of us vulnerable as I can't use my powers while my brain is being messed with.

This is why any shapeshifting I do reverts. My Corona Pollentia forces my body back to a static state. If I want to change anything permanently, I have to make the appropriate modifications to my brain, or my power will recognize it as something foreign.

Once a month pain and irritability alongside extra hygiene requirements, or once a year increased affection and a fidgety disposition?

'I mean, it's once a year. How bad could it be?' I think before giving my answer.

[Inquiry; Confirmation?]

'I'll take option three.'

[Inquiry; Date/Time of modification?]

'Uh, when will I, y'know, go into heat?' I think. I have to manually regulate my blood with my biokinesis to avoid the massive blush trying to force its way through.

[Response; Three Hours Upon Modification Completion]

'Never mind then, I need to think about this more.' I think.

[Confirmed]

Yeah this happened about 4 years ago when I asked [Conduit] to age me up. I can't manipulate my own brain, [Conduit] won't even let me try. There's a good reason for it. If I mess up I could cut off my connection to [Conduit]. And in the absolutely worst case scenario? Permanently kill myself.

I could modify my own brain if I really wanted to, but I see no real need to push the issue.

There's more nuance to it, but that's basically it.

"Alright class! Pencils down it's about time for lunch. you can take your drawings home or leave them here to finish later, just write your name on the back." Mr. Callies says. I like him, he's cool. He lets us do what we want so long as we stay in line with what the project of the day is. Today was to draw something you love.

I drew a pizza!




Lunch once again sees me sat with Vicky's group of popular kids. Dennis isn't here. I assume he's spending time with his now cancer free father.
Vicky spots me hopping up into Dennis's spot and hands me a slice of school pizza.

"Here." She says.

Taking it I ask. "What's this for?"

"Some pizza, as promised." She answers with a shit eating grin.

"…"

"My disappointment is great. My rage is growing. Revenge will be sweet and swift." I say calmly.

Amy just stares at me. "Did you just haiku her?"

"Validation for the grump. For you see healer. Revenge will-"

"Stop!" Amy cuts me off.

"Aww, I was getting to the good part." I pout.

"And what was that?"

I forgot what I was going to say. So I decide to test something.

Putting my hands out, palms up, I focus on enhancing my body temp, only in my hands.

"What? You wanna play patty cake?" Amy says.

"Hush I'm concentrating." I say.

"You look constipated." She says.

"I said hush!" I hiss back.

*POOF*

A small puff of fire and smoke pops in my hand and fades.

"True art is an explosion!" And I throw my hands up, creating slightly bigger explosions.

Almost everyone in the cafeteria just stares at me in silence, some with confusion, others with awe, and a few with concern.

"What?" I ask.

"Since when could you make explosions out of your hands?" Chris asked.

"I'm not giving away my secrets." I say with a huff a cross my arms, looking away from him.

"Kitsu, when did you learn to make your own firecrackers." Amy asks.

"Today during chem class, I was looking through the book and realized that if I could enhance my body temp fast enough I can, wait no! Not in front of the normies!" I lie about the first part. No way in hell am I giving any clues to [Conduits] existence.

"So she gets an answer and I don't?" Chris asks.

"You're not as cute as PanPan." I say and stick out my tongue.

"When will you stop calling me that?" Amy asks tiredly.

As she says that I hear footsteps approaching our table, turning to look who it is I see Eric marching over with a purpose, and a slimmer, slightly taller Vicky following him.

"Sis, what color is her hair?" He asks pointing at me.
He should've kept his eyes on me, instead he's looking at Crystal. So I make illusions above my head in the form of bubble letters

#SAY BLONDE# I dispel it and make another.

#IT'LL BE FUNNY#

Dispelling that I then leave a decoy and turn invisible. Only the decoy is blonde. Walking around to Eric's side, I wait.

"Uh, blonde? What's this about?" She asks, crossing her arms and leaning to one side.

"What? I! You! She just. Huh?!" he says switching between looking at my decoy and Crystal. And just puts his hands over his face and screams into them.

"Kitsu, stop bullying Eric, he's had enough." Vicky says. Though her tone implies that she is enjoying this almost as much as I am.

"Fine." I have my decoy say. And change its hair to white in front of him.

"Someone explain please?" Crystal says.

I walk over to her, dispel the illusion and decoy at the same time, and tug on her shirt.

"What the?!" She jumps back a step. Giggling at her reaction I just smile and tilt my head.

"I can create illusions and change my hair color at will." I say. "I'm naturally blonde but I changed it to white for the day."

"Okay, and the whole bit with." She gestures to her brother who is sat next to Amy, rubbing his temples. "All that just happened?"

"I just enjoy messing with people. I've been changing my hair color every time Eric looked away from me to mess with him." I explain. I go and sit back down across from Vicky in Dennis's usual spot.

"Okay, but why change your hair color in the first place?" She asks.

"Because white hair matches my outfit better." I answer simply.

Sarah just pauses and gives me a once over.

"I mean, you're not wrong. I respect it." She says with a nod.

"Yeh." I say with a small smile. This girl gets it. "I like you, can I trade you for Vicky?"

"Hey!" Said girl shouts indignantly.

"Ow!" Turning around I see Vicky had thrown a spoon at me. Luckily it was clean. "Is every Dallon going to throw a spoon at me at some point?"

"We're just trying to go for the completionist route." Amy says.

"I actually got that one." Carlos says quietly.

"I didn't!" I say. Still smiling.

"How did you hear me? I barely said that and I'm three seats down." He asks.

Vergil pipes up this time. "Man, have you seen her ears?" he gestures to me with a wave of his hand. Then looking to me wide eyed. "Oh crud, that wasn't insensitive, was it?"

"Naw, I don't mind." I say. "I take pride in my foxy features. And they're very sensitive, I can hear everything around me, even that kids stomach growling as he's getting up to go to the bathroom." I say and, without looking, point over to the kid jogging out of the cafeteria.

"I thought you were a cat." Ellie? I think her name was, just said.

"How?" I ask.

"The eyes." She shrugs.

"They're several species of animal that have slitted pupils as a means of dealing with low light environments, foxes are just one, and they're part of the family Canidae, not Felidae. So they're more closely related to dogs, not cats." I say proudly.

They all just stare at me.

"Again, with the silence? What is it this time?" I ask.

"Sorry, it's just easy to forget you actually have book smarts most of the time." Amy says in a flat tone.

"What is that supposed to mean?" I ask as I cross my arms.

"Changing the subject." Dean says, taking a break from his salad. "Is that how you know so much? You can hear things extremely well?" He asks.

"No, not entirely." I say, not knowing if his empath powers could detect lies or not.

'Wait, I lied a few seconds ago. Shit!' Here's hoping he respects my privacy and doesn't dig further. Or just wasn't paying too much attention.

"Can you elaborate?" He asks.

"I'm not entirely sure how. It's like, someone asks me something, and I always knew, I just remember as soon as they ask. Only, it's not always accurate and some details are vague. But only about somethings, not others." I answer. I'm trying to be as vague and diverting as possible without outright lying.

"I have a question, I wanna see this in action." Carlos says.

"I can't promise an answer, but sure!" I say easily.

"What is the identity of Aegis?" He asks with a grin.

Vergil groans, putting his hands over his face.
I just level a flat look at him.

"What? I'm curious, if you won't break the unwritten rules that's fine, I just want to know if you can do it." He says, not losing his smile.

In response I pull out my phone and text Vicky.

(Tell Carlos he's not being cute, I know it's him.) -K

*Brzzt*

Vicky picks her phone up from the table, reading it she raises her eyebrows.

"Uh, she knows who Aegis is, I can tell you that." She says in surprise. "What else do you know?"

I turned to her.

"I know a certain couple who needs to keep it down at night so certain people can sleep." I say with a raised brow.

At this, Vicky blushes while Dean starts choking on his salad. Amy just spits her food out and starts laughing her ass off. Eric still has his head in hands but starts laughing nervously while Crystal is chuckling behind me.

"Kitsu!" Vicky yells.

"This revenge was truly sweet. Think before you act. For now- eep!" I'm interrupted by Vicky grabbing Deans salad and throwing it at me. Ducking under the thrown bits of lettuce and carrots I slip under the table, turn invisible, and crawl away.

"Where'd she go?!" Vicky yells, but I'm already halfway to the entrance of the cafeteria.

I can hear Amy wheezing back at the table.




-Outside Arcadia, 12:38pm-




Mall time!

Waiting outside the school I see Mark pull up with Carol in the passenger seat.

'Does Carol know how to drive? I don't think I've ever seen her drive.' Even when we got back to the house after the hospital incident a PRT officer was the one to give us a ride.

Hoping in the back seat, keeping my book bag on to give me space between the back and my tail. I love my tail, I take great pride in it, but more often than not it just makes my life more difficult in the littlest of ways. Sitting down, closing doors, getting dressed, bathing.

'Still wouldn't get rid of it for anything though.' I think.
Carol just glances at me in the rearview mirror, she goes back to her phone before snapping around to look at me.

"Did you dye your hair!?" She asks.

I just revert it back and then change it to white again.

"I told you I could change parts of myself." I say, again.

She just stares at me for a hot minute.

"Put your seat belt on." She says.

"Why? It's not like a crash can hurt me." I ask.

"Even so, we don't want you flying out the windshield if something happens." Mark pipes up.

"Fair enough." I say and buckle my seatbelt.

"Why do you listen to Mark and not me?" Carol asks as Mark puts the car in drive.

"I listen to you, I'm just nicer about doing so with Mark because he's nice to me." I say.

"I gave you a bed to sleep in and roof over your head. That should be enough." She counters.

"Don't pretend Mark didn't convince you to do that."
"Hey, keep me out of this." Mark says.

"You're just gonna leave me to fend off the wolf by myself?" I ask in feign terror.

"I'll intervene if it gets bloody." He says with a chuckle in his voice.

The car ride was quiet for a bit. After a few moments I speak up again.

"Um, Carol, Mark?" I say in a small voice.

"Hmm? What's up kiddo?" Mark asks.

"Promise you won't be mad?" I say.

Carol glares at me in the rearview.

"Depends." She grits out in a low voice. "What did you do?"

"Nothing! Well, not yet, or I haven't decided yet." I say quickly.

"Kitsu, start talking." She demands.

Mark puts a hand on Carols shoulder.

"Carol." He says calmly. And she just breathes out a sigh before nodding. "Kitsu, what's this about sweetie?"

"Do you, remember when I said I don't age?" I ask.

This is something that needs to be aired out before them, or they will notice if do decide to age and call me out on it. I'm mostly scared of Carol using it as evidence that I can't be trusted and deciding to kick me out. Or turn me over to the PRT.

"Yes?" Mark says. The question of what it has to do with anything hanging in the air.

"Well, I, may have left some details out." I say evasively.

"Like what?" Carol says sternly.

Swallowing the lump in my throat I continue.

"Like, how I don't age, but only because I don't want to." I say.

"So you lied." Carol states.

"No! I just didn't elaborate." I explain.

"A lie of omission is still a lie." She points out.

"I didn't trust you!" I say desperately. "I do now, well, more than I did then anyway."

"What brought this up?" Mark interjects.

"I've been thinking, I might want to start aging normally again." I answer.

"How old are you really?" Carol asks.

Rubbing my arm I answer her.

"Calendar wise, I guess I would be turning about thirteen in a month. Physically though? I've been twelve for the past four years." Again I lie about the calendar age.

"Why did you say you were eleven when we were filing the paperwork?" She asks.

"Because I don't know exactly how old I am. Just a rough guess based on what my bio kinesis tells me about my body." I say easily.

Carol goes quiet at that. A few seconds pass and Mark breaks the silence.

"Well, Kitsu, if you decide to grow up, that's your choice. We can't stop you, I will say thank you for letting us know." Mark always knows what to say.

"Thank you." I say quietly.




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


That actually gave me something to think about. Not anything she said. But it was how she was acting. It was hard to see her as a possible S-class when she looked so vulnerable there. Like, the wrong word and she would've just shut down. It was easy tell what she was feeling most of the time, she is very expressive.

And her vulpine features only added to it. Narrowed or dilated pupils, position of her tail, ear movements. It made her safer than other people by virtue of how hard it was for her to hide her intentions. And she could relate to not being able to trust others.

'She's desperate for validation.' I realize. 'That's why she listens to Mark. Why she does whatever he asks, he encourages her and reassures her. Maybe the same would work If I tried. Small things here and there that would endear her to me. A pat on the back here, or a compliment there.'

It couldn't hurt to try.

"Kitsu?" I say.

"Hmm?" Her ears perk up towards me and she looks up. Her ears were what told where her attention was. She could be looking straight at you, but if her ears were relaxed at an angle, or twitched in a different direction? Then you didn't have her full attention.

"You did the right thing. Thank you for being honest." I say.

She stares for a moment before smiling, her ears relaxing and tail uncurling from her lap, wagging slightly. Or trying to seeing as it hit the back of the seat.

Mark is just smiling at me with a knowing look.

"What?" I ask him.

"Oh, nothing." He says with a smile and a small shake of his head.

"Eyes on the road." I say.




-Brockton Bay Mall, 1:20pm-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


Getting out of the car Kitsu hops out, taking off her bag and leaving it behind, and starts following Mark to get a cart.

Tailing behind them making their way into the mall, Kitsu slows down and walks beside me.

"Can we stop by the clothing store?" She asks.

"Why? Don't you have an entire wardrobe of custom clothing?" I ask in return.

"Yeah, but, I still wanna see what's there." She shrugs.

"Fine, I don't have much to do today anyway." I agree.

"Yes!" She says pumping her fist. "Mark you're not allowed inside!"

"What'd I do?" The man asks.

"No boys in the girls store!" She says.

"We still need someone to carry the bags." I say with a smirk.

"Is that all I am to you? Free labor?" He says in a hurt tone, though I know he's joking.

"Of course, why else would I keep you around?" I answer.

"You wound me Carol." He says.

"I can carry the bags better than Mark!" Kitsu says with a hand raised.

"Kitsu, no. It's tradition that the man carries all the luggage." I tease Mark further.

'He's so much more attentive and interactive with Kitsu than he was with Vicky, why couldn't he have been like this fifteen years ago?' Shaking the thought from my mind. 'That's not fair to him, he was only diagnosed about ten years ago, and he only started taking meds for the last eight.' Not that he was good at remembering to do so. But Kitsu has started making a point of reminding him, even texting him just this morning.

I want to hate her, to look for a reason to kick her out. But she's been nothing but a net positive for the house. As much as I hate to admit it.

Walking into the mall, Kitsu rushes forward and points in a random direction. Running at normal speed.

"This way!" She points and then rushes off to an electronics store. To her credit she's just standing outside it, waiting for us.

"What could you possibly want in here?" I ask.

"L.E.D Lights, a laptop, um, a night light, one that projects stars! And see if they have any light bulbs that change color." She rambles off.

"May I ask why?" I say. Genuinely curious.

"Low lights are just more comfortable for me." She explains simply.

Makes sense, she has eyes that are made for it.

"And the laptop? You're aware a good one will cost most of the thousand I'm allowing you to use right?"
She stops and pauses for a second. Before her shoulders slack and her ears droop, tail dropping as well.

'So easy to read.' I think with satisfaction. 'If everyone was this easy, cases would be over in days.'

"Uhh, darn it." She says.

Slumping into the store she slowly regains her previous energy as she walks around. Grabbing a roll of light strips, an orb night light, a small radio.

"If you blast music in my house you lose it." I say.

"I'm the last person you have to worry about doing that." She says and flicks her ears about. "If someone blasts music, I'm likely to throw a fit."

"Then why the radio?" Mark asks.

She just shrugs. "I still like music, I just need to listen at very low volumes, and nothing high pitched."

"So what, no metal?" Mark says jokingly.

"Metal is actually one of my favorites, along with rock, pop, rap-rock, rap, and classical." She says exitedly.

"Oh, I prefer alternative personally. Never could get into rap though." Mark answers.

"I prefer alternative and classical, can't stand metal though, unless it's Metallica, they're okay." I say, it's a shame they stopped making music in the nineties, I hear their Earth-Aleph counterparts are still making music though, might check it out when I get the chance.

"What's your favorite band Kitsu?" Mark asks.

"Hollywood Undead." She replies.

"Sounds like a metal band, who are they?" I ask.

"Nope! They're a rap-rock band from Earth-Aleph." She says happily. "They've only released one album at this point but I can't wait for the next!" She squeals.

After buying everything and moving on, Kitsu drags us to a toy store of all things. And absolutely LOADS the cart with stuffed animals.

"Sweetie if you keep this up we'll need to get another cart." Mark points out.

"I'm okay with that." Kitsu says.

I personally don't care so long as I don't find them all over the house.

"Maybe keep it to ten or less? This is a bit much." Mark tries.

"Fine." She starts grabbing them and tossing them out of the cart. Leaving them on the floor of the store.

"Uh-uh, no way, put them back where you got them. You're not leaving this for someone else to clean up!" I say.

She stares at me for moment before awkwardly grabbing the stuffed animals, and racing around the store almost faster than I can track.

"Uh, was I not suppose to use my powers?" She asks.

"No, it's fine so long as you're being careful." I say. It'd be hypocritical of me to deny her using her powers when I let Vicky and Amy do whatever so long as they don't get in trouble.

Mark just leans on the carts handle puts his head in his hand and smirks at me.

"Wipe that smug look of your face." I tell him.

"I don't think I will." He says.

"And just why is that?" I challenge.

"Because I haven't seen you smile this much, in a long time." He says and pushes the cart to follow Kitsu.

I wasn't smiling, looking over to a glass case I see my reflection, and notice that I am.

"Can I have this?!" Kitsu shouts.

I'm snapped from my thoughts by Kitsus' excited voice.

"I don't think that's a good Idea." Mark says.

Looking over I see Kitsu pointing at a black mini car, one of those kind that kids ride in.

"Oh absolutely not! Where would you even put it?" I say as I start marching over to the two.




After a long debate with Kitsu on the pros and cons of owning an electric mini car, that being she thought it would look cool to drive it around the boardwalk wearing aviators. We head off to grab something to eat at a McDonalds in the mall's food court, Kitsu again wanted to go to a pizza place, but she finds a way to eat enough of the stuff as is.

Watching her steal Marks fries, and him pretend not to notice, she can't help but wish she had these kind of moments with Vicky.

Looking out at the passerby's I start to think.
She loves Vicky but, she got a daughter who, while she trusts her explicitly, doesn't need anything from her mother. She's just that much more independent. There are even times when she feels Vicky is more attached to Amy than her. And that hurts to think about, that she would be more attached to his daughter than her.

Meanwhile Kitsu latches onto any and all forms of affection and attention she could get with a ravenous desperation, and even returns it. It was surprisingly easy to trust her intent. She never did anything with ulterior motive. She basically ran on pure impulse.

'What happened? Should I have stayed in therapy? Should I have waited a bit longer before having Vicky? Oh God am I having a mid life Crisis?!' I think in horror.

"Are you okay honey?" Mark asks. "You've been really quiet."

Looking back to Mark in time to watch Kitsu forego sneaking his fries in favor of just swapping her empty box for his half full one.

"I'm fine." I say. "Just thinking. It's been awhile since I had a chance to just sit and enjoy the relative quiet."
Kitsu, having not even finished her burger, goes to reach for my fries as well.

I smack her hand just as she's about take them
"Don't even think about it."

"Meanie." She mumbles, rubbing her hand.

While she does so Mark takes her burger and eats a bite out of it.

"Hey! That was mine." She cries.

"Consider it payment for the fries." He says.

"I didn't agree to this!" She huffs out and goes to take it back. Going as far to stand on the bench try to reach over him and snatch it.

Mark just holds it out further away before shoving it in his mouth.

"NOooo!" She cries out dramatically. Though the way her tail is wagging tells she's not really upset.

"Alright, let's go. We've got a few more places to hit up before the Mall closes, and I'd rather get everything done today." I say.

Getting up and reaching for my tray, I feel a gust of wind and notice my tray is gone. Looking to my side I see Kitsu standing there with a smile.

"Uh, thanks." I say. Though she still just stares up at me expectantly.

Getting an idea I reach down and rub her head. That was the right move apparently as she squeals in delight and rushes to edge of food court and stands there, waiting for us.

'She's like a dog.' I think in amusement. 'Well, Vicky always did say we could do with a family pet. And hell, a therapy dog for Mark at that.'

Making our way out the of the food court we head off to the furniture store, Kitsu wants a rug.

As we're walking Kitsu slows down to walk beside me and Mark. Glancing down, I see she keeps fidgeting with her hands. Thinking nothing of it I turn my eyes back ahead of us.

Until I feel a small hand grab mine. Snapping to look at her, she looks up wide eyes and ears flat against her head.

"Sorry." She says quietly and lets go of my hand and looks away. "I just-"

With a sigh I reach down grab her hand.

"It's fine, just don't run off and try take to me with you, might rip my arm off." I relent.

She smiles diminutively walks in step with me.

"Mark, I swear, If I turn my head and see that smug look of yours. I'm going to use the indestructible child to beat you." I threaten.

Looking over I see the back of Marks head as he made a point not to look at me.

"Mark, sweetie, what are looking at hmm? Shouldn't you be watching where your pushing the cart?" I ask with a false sweetness.

Just shaking his head a little he replies. "Just looking at all the shops here, y'know, haven't been here in a while."

With an exaggerated gasp Kitsu joins me. "Mark! Are you rubbernecking? Looking at other women in front of your wife?! For shame."

"Yes Mark, are you looking at other girls? What about that one in the leggings?" I tease.

Mark just tilts his head up dramatically.

"Lookin' at the ceiling!" He says.

There's the goofball I met all those years ago.

Kitsu just bursts out laughing so hard she bumps into my leg.

"I, I, I can't, you!" She says between laughs and gasps of air.

We continue walking to the furniture store, nothing of note other than Kitsu getting a very large faux sheepskin rug, midnight blue with splotches of magenta and purple. It cost about three hundred, oddly enough the second most expensive thing she got was a large stuffed narwhal, the animal not the cape, teal with silver reflective stars all over it, the thing was a large as her and took up almost all the room in the cart. Combined with the star projector nightlight I'm starting to see the theme here.
I'm surprised she didn't get a game console or anything of the like. When she asked for a thousand to decorate, I expected her to blow it on video games for some reason. Instead she's getting things to genuinely decorate her room with.

"Are you sure I can't have any lava lamps?" She asks.

"Yes, I'm sure." I stand my ground.

"But why?" She whines.

"It's because Vicky had some when she was little and kept breaking them. We stopped getting her anymore after the third one." Mark explains.

"So I don't get one because she broke hers? That's not fair." She whines.

"Life's not fair." I say.

*Brzzt*

"Hmm?" Kitsu fishes her phone out from a pocket on her dress, shirt, whatever.

"What is it?" I ask.

"It's Vicky, she's asking me what my favorite color is." She says.

'Odd.'

"Why?" I ask.

"I'm asking that now." She says absentmindedly while texting.

A few seconds pass before another buzz is heard.

"She says shed, sed sh, see shed, blaagh!" She shouts before taking a breath. "SHE SAYS She's bored and taking a quiz online and wants to see what I'd get."

She texts some more.

"What is your favorite color?" Mark asks.

"Cerulean." She says simply.

"What's that?" He asks.

"It's a shade of blue." I answer.

"The best shade." Kitsu says with a nod.

*Brzzt*

"What now?" I ask.

"Favorite flavor of ice cream, Neapolitan."

"Chocolate." Mark says.

"Chocolate." I say. 'Might as well play along.'

"Favorite physical activity, running."

"I haven't played tennis in a while." Mark answers.

"I can't think of one off the top of my head." Me.

"Favorite desert, don't say pizza, pizza."

"Didn't she say not to say pizza?" I ask.

Kitsu looks up at me with a flat expression.

"Pizza."

*Brzzt*

Going back to her phone she furrows her brow and texts angrily.

"Fine! Desert Sushi!" She says angrily.

"Ice cream is a classic." Mark says.

"I like flan whenever I get the chance." I say.

"What's flan?" Kitsu asks.

"Caramel pudding." Mark says.

"Ooh that sounds good! Can we get some?" Kitsu asks.

"You just ate." I say.

"Not now, later." She amends.

"Maybe." I say.

*Brzzt*

"Favorite book genre, romance."

THAT was a surprise.

"I would've thought you'd enjoy action or adventure." Mark says.

"If I want adventure, I'll go on a patrol. But romance? Oh there's just something about watching two people, falling in love, their dynamic, the way they complement each other, finding meaning in each others lives. You don't see it enough in real life!" She says dreamily. I think I see a hint of a blush as well.

'Kitsu is a romantic, noted.'

*Brzzt*

Snapped from her thoughts she looks back to her phone.

"Where would you're ideal first date be? At a mall, a picnic in a field, at an arcade, or the movies?"

"That one doesn't seem to fit with the rest of the questions." Mark points out.

Kitsu just shrugs. "Eh, mall."

"I would've thought you'd prefer a picnic. After all that." Mark says.

"I would." She says.

"Then why'd you say mall?" I ask.

"Because I'm getting bored and mall is less letters to type. Besides, it's not like these questions matter." She says easily.

*Brzzt*

"Favorite candy? Suckers"

"Twizzlers." Mark.

"I don't eat candy." Me.

*Brzzt*

"Most attractive quality in a person. Humor."

"Dedication." Mark.

"Integrity." Me.

*Brzzt*

"Do you prefer men, women, or both? Uh, men I think?"

Me and mark share a look at that one. 'I'll be talking to Vicky about this "quiz" later.'

"You think?" I ask.

"I, might be bi-curious." She says quietly, ears flat. "I dunno."

"Well with how you dote on Amy I would've thought you were, PANsexual. Eh?" I slap his shoulder for that one.

"That joke was made of paper!" Kitsu says chuckling. "Because it was tear-able. Get it!?"

"I'm surrounded by idiots." I groan.

*Brzzt*

"She just says thanks. Wait, what'd I get?"

Typing on her phone she glares for several seconds.

"The Pink Ranger?!" She says offended. "I am most certainly the Green Ranger, at least the Red Ranger! That quiz is rigged." She says putting her phone away.

I look to Mark questioningly and he just shrugs.




-Meanwhile-




Victoria "Gory Girl" Dallon POV


Sitting in Dennis's kitchen I hand the phone over to his mom. With Dean and Dennis in the other room in perfect view on the couch talking.

His dad, Jason, is in his room resting and recovering. Apparently, he should be fully recovered before Tuesday.

"And there you go Dennis's mom, just about everything you'll need to know and coach Dennis on tonight." I say with a smile.

"Call me Jennifer sweetheart, and thank you." She says.

"Kill me. Just like, please man I'll give you my trust fund from the PRT. Just end me right now." Dennis begs Dean.

"You're being dramatic. What's the worst that could happen? Who knows maybe you guys'll click like me and Vicky." He says.

"Dude, you guys realize you're the picture of off again on again, right? You guys switch your status more than kid on a sugar high flicking a light switch." Dennis says.

"Dennis, you're making it really hard to want to help you." Dean says.

"Dennis! I will hurt you!" I shout over to him.

"That's what I want! A way out, please!" He shouts in desperation.

"Don't worry Dennis, Kitsu can always just heal you! She'll patch you up good as new so you two go on your date tomorrow!" Jennifer says back to him.

"Tomorrow!" He yells out.

"Kitsu tends to wake up super early and almost never has plans ahead of time, so she should be free." I say.

Dennis just groans in what I can only guess is a mix of embarrassment and frustration.

Oh, this is gonna be soooo good.




POV Returned To Carol


Finishing up our trip to the mall, with almost a hundred dollars left over, we head to the malls JCPenny. Standing in front I'm content to just let her run around in the store. So long as I don't find any lingerie or anything in her bags, I don't care what she gets.

"Well go ahead and look around, pick out some underwear or whatever if you want, keep in mind there's only about a hundred dollars left." I say.

"Not a problem, besides, I don't wear underwear." She says.

"And why the hell not?!" Seriously!? This whole time I would've thought with her obsession with looking good she'd at least have undergarments.

"The band rides up and scrapes the base of my tail!" She says defensively.

"You have an entire wardrobe that cost almost fifty thousand because you 'wanted to support a local artist and needed custom clothes for your tail anyway.' And you didn't think to get underwear with that?!" This girl.

Fidgeting in place, ears flat and tail wrapped around to her front, she looks anywhere else but at me.
"Well, I, uh, didn't think about it, and um, Mark! Help me out! Guys go commando all the time right?! It's double standards!" She pleads.

"Sorry kiddo, can't help ya, no boys allowed remember?" He says with a shit eating grin.

'Smart man.'

Grabbing her by the hand I pull her inside, heading towards the tween section.

"Mark! Mark! Help! The wolf has got me! It's getting bloody!" She cries out dramatically.

With a fake sniff and what I can imagine is an exaggerated expression Mark replies. "Poor Kitsu, gone before her time, I'll remember you fondly!"

Again, I'm left with a sense of loss and nostalgia. Wishing this was how things went with Vicky. I remind myself that while Kitsu does look superficially like Vicky did, excluding the obvious, she is not my daughter. Though for some reason that just leaves me feeling hollow.

"Come on, you can get them tailored later, for now just pick something." I say.

"Fine." She wanders around the underwear section, she takes her time rummaging through all the options before growling. Grabbing a rolled pack of striped hipsters she walks over to an employee organizing a display, a young girl with straight black hair and a thin frame. She taps her on the back.

"Excuse me?" She says politely.

"Hmm?" The girl turns around before jolting in surprise at Kitsu. "Oh! You uh, have-"

"Yes I have fox ears a tail and slitted eyes, I'm well aware. Do you have any of these in extra small?" She asks.

"I uh, are you allowed in here?" She asks.

'What is that supposed to mean?' I think.

Kitsu sighs. "Yes, I am."

"Are you sure? The sign said no pets allowed and I'm not sure, can you just turn the." She makes a circling gesture towards her with her hand. "Off? If not then I think I need to ask you to leave, can't have you getting fur on everything."

'The, FUCK?!' I feel myself boil over at the audacity. I'm aware Case 53's tend to be treated like oddities, curiosities at best, social outcasts and freaks at worse. But to see it in action is just appalling. 'And we went the whole day without issue.'

Calmly walking over I prepare my work voice.

"Excuse me young miss, is something the matter?" I ask politely from the side. Always start polite, it sets a first impression and lowers peoples guard.
Turning to me she smiles. "Nothing of the sort Ma'am, just informing this, girl, that she needs to leave." The way she said girl with uncertainty made it sound like she was trying to turn the word into a slur.

"On what grounds?" I ask.

"Huh?" She asks, clearly not expecting me to challenge her.

"Pretty sure there are laws in place to protect against discrimination. So unless there is valid reason." I point out.

"Ma'am with all due respect, I don't think she counts as human enough to-"

"Under the laws of the American EEOC it is illegal to discriminate against an individual based on eight categories, one of which is genetic information. Do I need to get a few friends involved? Here's my card."
Pulling out my wallet and fishing my business card out, handing it to the entitled little twat.

She takes it in confusion before turning ghost white.

"Oh, you, you're Brandish." She says softly in astonishment. "I, I am so sorry, I just."

"We would like to speak to someone else. Someone less, bigoted, if you wouldn't mind." I say folding my arms under my chest.

"Look I just didn't-"

"Now, before I make a court case over this." I cut her off.

She hurries off after that. No need to explain that those laws only cover employment. And that companies still maintain right to refuse service. I'm not as versed in that area though; I'd have to double check.

Satisfied, I look down to see Kitsu starring at me wide eyed, tears forming at the edges.

"What?" I ask.

In response she just slams into me, hugging me tightly.

"Thank you, thank you." She says quietly. "I've, I never had someone stand up for me like that." Her tone was so soft I almost didn't hear it.

"Yeah just, don't stain my pants." I say with a sigh.
She chuckles and turns her head to face away from me. Still hugging me.

'Maybe, adoption wouldn't be so bad, give it a year or two, see how she turns out.'




-Downtown Brockton Bay, 7:30 pm-




Kitsu POV


Sitting on a roof overlooking the city I contemplate todays events.

I've never felt as though I had a family before. I barely remember my original one, like I read a wiki page about them several years ago. I know I had a mom, and a dad. But I can't recall their names, what they look like, or anything else other than my mother was a nurse. Three sisters, or was there a brother, or, two sisters and a brother? I can't even remember that.

But after today? With Mark and Carol?

This, the Dallons, they're my family now. They're not perfect, no family is. And they're more than a little broken but, they're mine. And that's all that matters to me.

'And I'll kill everyone I have to, to keep it that way.[Conduit], you there?'

[Affirmation]

'if I go option one, what are the odds any of the children I would have get my immortality and agelessness?'

[Conduit] is quiet for a while, just when I was beginning to think he had hidden himself due to a nearby cape they speak up.

[Answer: Average Chance, Negating Outside Negative Influence, Accounting For Favorable Odds: 5%]

'What if you were to try and skew the budding process?'

[Reiteration; Accounting For Favorable Odds]

With solemn melancholy I realize that I'll never get to make my own family. Every child I'd have I'll more than likely end up burying. So any benefit to option one is weighed down by a heavy price.
So it's either never age and watch as the world delegates me to the role of child, forever limiting anything I could do. Or take option three and lock away my chance for children in the future, possibly forever, robbing myself of a possible joy unlike any other. All this assuming Gold Morning is averted or survived, but I plan on surviving if not, I'll go down with everyone else.

It's not that having kids is all that important to me. But keeping the option is still nice. Even if it comes with the additional tag of potentially losing them. I don't even think I want kids. But, it's the principle of it. It's hard to explain.

'I've made up my mind. [Conduit] I'll-




-Medhal General Hospital, 7:40 pm-




Amy 'Panacea' Dallon POV


Finally getting a reprieve from the more egregious patients I head to Dr. Ahmad's office. Finding it with a plaque on the door reading.

Doctor: Druhv Ahmad
Child Psychology Specialist

Knocking on the door I get a reply in seconds.

"Come in!"

Opening the door I see the older Indian gentleman pushing papers into a file before putting it away. Looking up through wide brim square glasses, he smiles in recognition. He had a kind look to him. Soft eyes set on a wrinkled square face with neatly combed white grey hair.

"Ah, Amy, what can I do for you?" He had a very thick accent that made it easy to place where he grew up. He knew it, and spoke slowly so people didn't miss hear him.

"I was hoping you could help me figure something out." I say.

"But of course, come, sit. Make yourself comfortable. Though I will remind you, my specialty is in the child's mind." He gesture to the two seats in front of him. "You are, well, a little bigger than my usual clientele."

Moving to sit down I wonder if this was the right thing. 'Too late now.'

"I know, it's not for me." I say.

"Ah, Someone you know, or ran into?" He asks.

"You could say that." I say.

"I understand the need for the eh, privacy of individuals. I will help as best I can, but, I will warn you, there is little I can do without speaking to the individual in question." He says. He's a good doctor, and best of all he's the kind that's not afraid to say he doesn't know something, or can't help.

"I understand, I'll just get right into it. I was talking with someone this morning and, well they started having a panic attack, and I wanted to know what I could do if it happened in the future." I say.

"Are you sure it was a panic attack?" He asks.

"What do you mean? She was hyperventilating, almost crying, rooted in place and unresponsive for the most part." I explain.

"Because, panic attacks, anxiety attacks, and various other disorders and afflictions tend to meld together in appearance, only being separated by the cause." He explains. "And the cause, is vital to the treatment needed."

"Well, how do I tell the difference?" I ask.

He looks to the side in thought, humming in contemplation before answering.

"What were you talking about, that may help discern if there was a trigger." He says.

"We were talking about their age, I guess, they said they first came from Boston in, uh, May 9th, the same year Leviathan sunk Newfoundland." I explain.

He furrows his brow in frustration.

"You're sure they said Boston?" He questions.

"Yes. She said she was there around midday." What did that have to do with it.

He turns to his laptop on his desk, opening it and typing away.

"That's not possible." He says assuredly.

"How?" 'Did Kitsu really lie?'

"Boston was under heavy PRT quarantine at the time, people were evacuated that morning." He says.

"I mentioned that, that was when they had the panic attack." I recount.

Recognition and horror spreads over his face as he brings a hand to his mouth.

"Oh, oh that poor girl. That poor, poor girl." He says softly.

"What? What is it." I feel my heart, hammering away in my chest at the tension.

"The area was quarantined, because the Slaughterhouse 9 were there." He says.

I feel my heart stop and sink all at once, and I feel like I'm about to vomit at the implication.

"She wasn't having a panic attack." I start.

"She has PTSD. And went through an episode." He finished.

'What happened to you?'

*Brrring*

The sound of my phone spooked me from my thoughts.

Pulling it out from my robes I see it's Vicky.

"Uh, hey Vicks, what's up?" I say.

"Amy? You good? You sound scared."

Calming my self and swallowing the lump in my throat I continue.

"Yeah, yeah no, just learned something, big." I say.

"What's that? Oh! Before I forget, Kitsu doesn't have your number and she's waiting for you in the lobby. Apparently the nurse at the front desk refuses to tell her where you are." Vicky says.

"Okay, I was just getting done here, uh you remember what happened this morning?" I ask.

"Yeah, I thought we promised not to talk about it." She says slowly.

"We did, we did. Just uh, google the Boston quarantine two thousand and five, kay? You'll understand " I say.

"Um, okay? Well, I'll see at home."

"Yeah, see ya, bye."

*Click*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
BONUS
.
.
Kenta "Lung"


Sitting in his private hotel room in the docks, he stares at a photobooth photo. In it was a younger him, a blonde girl with brown eyes wearing cat ear headphones, and another Japanese man shorter than him with grey eyes, all making goofy faces at the camera.

He remembers the first time he met the small child in person. She looked so much like Ritsu had when she was young, and even had a similar name. But Ritsu was dead. When the tall woman in the hat came and killed his closest friends and gang, all that was left was his mother, and Ritsu. Being a fellow Japanese of mixed heritage. Her blonde hair and round eyes led to as much discrimination if not more than he faced being half Chinese. But she never let that diminish her spirit. Until Leviathan. He remembers the attack vividly. The flooding, the collapsing buildings, The torrential downpour. He remembers rushing off to fight. He remembers looking for Ritsu in the shelters after Alexandria brought him back to the evacuation sites. Only to find she never made it to the shelters; her apartment was collapsed in one of the first waves. She was dead.

At that he decided he needed a new start was needed, so he packed up and moved to Chaohu with his mother, the only person he had left.

'Big mistake.' He thought sourly.

His mother died under the CUI health system, and he was targeted by the Yangban, he's still not convinced the two were unrelated. With his final loved one gone, he retreated to America. Joined the AZN Bad Boys, took over the gang, and started ruling a third of Brockton Bay in his cannibalization of the other Asian gangs.

Then one day, he ran into Kitsu, literally. She had been invisible and wandering around the docks when he tripped over her in the early morning two or three years ago, he couldn't remember. She had been crouched into a ball and looking at a flower that had been growing through the concrete. At least until he barreled over her. He was ready to kill her, when she looked into his eyes and apologized for the accident. The sense of nostalgia he felt looking at her, was enough that he let her go. He couldn't take his mind off of her. And later that day he discovered she was on auction. Collected from one of their front houses.
The rage that filled him.

He would have killed the chef and auctioneer himself, had Kitsu not asked to do so herself. And she did so publicly at the auction and in front of the attendees. The Auctioneer, she ripped out his tongue and let him bleed to death. The chef she did the same, only with him she shoved it back down his throat. With that display he was able to save any reputation loss he might have acquired. And Kitsu went along with the story that they were friends.
He no longer gets that feeling of nostalgia when he sees her, it was a one time weakness. A lapse in judgement, but he will not go back on his word. And besides, she was a powerful ally to have, the one fight they had. He could do nothing.

She had thrown him into the bay, from the trainyard.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N Kitsu totally tripped Lung on purpose and used her love me power to get away with it, then promptly forgot she used said power until after the auction incident. She has no issue using it in the short term on people to mess with them. It's when it's long term and lasting that she has problems with.

You thought Kitsu was over the incident with the nine? It's literally her first memory and she has not had ANY form of stable environment for her to sort out her feelings and issues until recently.

In all honesty, Kitsu having an episode would be terrifying, imagine someone scares her during one and she lashes out violently as a result.

Hot wheels' full potential is finally being unlocked!
For those who are curious about the chem class bit, I pulled out my chem notebook from college and threw in a random question, even gave the same answer I gave, even though I corrected it later. Still upset I was off by 0.1


Questions!

-For Newb-
...
-For Kitsu-
Direprophet: Thank you for clarifying. You asked If Kitsu was for Group Panpan, meaning you enjoy teasing the grumpiest person around.
Kitsu: "Yes" she says with the straightest face ever. "Though it's not just her, I enjoy teasing everyone, it's just that the grumpy ones give the best reactions!"
.
And finally a minor hint and spoiler towards Kitsus' second trigger powers. There's a reason her shards most accurate designation is [Manipulator]
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Vahzal Haal Rah, Bev, Dapperlurker and 425 others
Newb to the game
Mar 16, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 15
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#120
A/N The Date Part 1.
Alternate title. Kitsus' first heat, the worst of timing.

This chapter is meant to be uncomfortable.

I tried to keep a normal posting schedule, but I failed, life (and myself) are too hectic for that.

I reread this like, 8 times and decided. 1 there's too much to include in one chapter, I'll have to break it up. 2 I'll never be satisfied with it. There are too many ways to write this so I might as well post it otherwise I'll just keep rewriting.

Anyway! Date Time!
Insert evil laughter here


RadChaos897: Thanks, I find it easy to put myself in someone else's shoes, what I do is find three words or terms to describe someone and go from there. For Carol, I put myself in a state of, Tired, Unfulfilled, Untrusting of others then went from there. And I just finished the bit in Worm where Amy just got sent to the Birdcage, and Carol finally saw Amy as a daughter, it just took Amy having a breakdown and begging Carol to tell her what to do because she's desperate. Carol has massive trust issues, and will never trust another human fully, that will not change, but she doesn't see Kitsu as fully human. She sees Kitsu as only partially Human, being a mix of animal and girl. And Kitsus' earnesty and hyperactivity only reinforce this.

In Carols eyes, Kitsu is safer than most because her status as a social outcast never allowed her to learn how to betray others, and she wears her heart on her sleeve because she knows no one can tell her she can't. If Kitsu doesn't like you, she won't hide it or try to play around it. If you show her affection, she'll return it. Show enmity, she'll return it. And the trip to the mall created and reinforced that belief. Where the more she showed Kitsu affection, the more Kitsu was willing to listen to her and go out of her way to be nice.
I really like when you guys comment, gets my creativity flowing.

Interesting fact, when people say a Canids sense of smell is stronger, it's a bit of a misnomer. They don't smell things stronger, they're just much better at separating and distinguishing scents.
They have more olfactory sensors and a larger part of their brain dedicated to parsing through the information. They smell the same things we do. They can just separate the smells and track them so much better it's difficult to describe.
.
.
.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(text)
*Sounds/actions*
.
.
.
.
-Dallon House, 5:30 AM-
.
.
Kitsu POV
.
Waking up and stretching, I promptly flop back down on my bed. Enjoying the warm feeling coursing through me.

I went with option three, [Conduit] made the appropriate modifications last night. So today is the first day of my yearly estrus cycle. I start developing today, and I'll finish in about two to three years.

Honestly? I just feel giddy and warm. Like that feeling you get when you just get out of the bath, dry off and climb into a freshly cleaned bed? It's like that. And I kinda like it.

So here I am, nuzzling Mr. Star the narwhal. High on life and hormones. Looking around my room at the stars all over the walls of my room, courtesy of my new nightlight projector. I forgot to get an alarm clock. Oh well, maybe next time.

Hopping out of my bed and stretching. I go to pick out my outfit for the day, before I stop halfway to my closet.

'Screw it. Lazy day.' I think to myself and just wrap my blanket around me, laying down on my new rug and letting myself fall back asleep.




-7:00 am-




*Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

"Kitsu get up already! Of all the days you choose to sleep in!"

"Hmm?" This feels familiar.

Sitting up with a yawn I look around. Oh, right.

"Doors unlocked, you can come in!" I shout.

Opening the door, she walks in fully dressed for the day in a pink shirt and skinny jeans.

'Weird, she normally sleeps in on weekends.'

"Kitsu there's-" She stops before sniffing. "Did you spray perfume? It smells sweet in here, like apples and, bread?"

Taking in a big whiff and getting nothing. "I don't smell anything." I reply.

Shaking her head, she continues. "Never mind, anyway, there's someone here for you at the door."

"Who could be here for me?" I ask with a tilt of my head.

"Just go alright, I got things to do." She says and walks out.

Wrapping the blanket around myself, I walk out and head to the door to see what this was about.




Meanwhile




Dennis "Clockblocker" POV


Pacing back and forth I can't help but lament at how stupid this is. When I'd said I'd even go on a date with her I wasn't thinking! I just saw a chance to save my dad and went for it.

'No, no. Mom was right, I dug this hole, now I gotta dig myself out. I'll just take her to the mall, and treat her to a meal. And that's it! Except that I promised to give this an honest shot! And I'm fairly certain mom and Vicky would murder me if don't!' I think while running my hands through my hair.

"Okay, okay! You're Dennis Dynamite! You got this, you can handle anything! You're sleek, suave, and smooth." I run a hand through my hair and make finger guns at the car in the driveway. "Yeah, you can do it." I say with a nod.

"Pshht" I hear a snort from behind me.
Turning around I see Kitsu. Wrapped up in a blue grey blanket, one hand on the door, the other covering her lower face. With the way she has the blanket bunched up in her hands I can only see the upper half of her head. Amusement dancing in her eyes.

"Uh, how long where you there?" I ask, feeling a massive blush burn my face.

"Dynamite." She says with a barely restrained giggle.

'At least she's got a cute voice, No! Bad intrusive thoughts. Go away!'

"Well, uh." 'Shit, what did Vicky say? Okay.' going through the mental checklist in my head. Avoid calling her hot, it's crass and comes off as lazy, call her gorgeous or beautiful.

Recentering myself and putting a hand on the door frame, leaning on it I look down at her.

"Hey beautiful, how're you?" I say, and mentally cringe at the sounds that just came out of my face.

I backpedal that thought in favor of astonishment at the blush that floods her face. Her ears go flat against her head as she shrinks into her blanket just a little. Her sharp oval pupils expanding slightly as she reddens slightly.

'That WORKED?! How?'

"I, uh, I'm good." She says.

'Okay? Keep it rolling! You're a natural!' Leaning a shoulder on the doorway, crossing my arms and looking down on her even more.

"I was just wondering if you had any plans for the day? If not then I figured I'd take you out on that date, I was thinking the mall would be a good spot, lots of things to do, lots of places to go, they got that amusement area at the back we can check out. You in?" 'Confidence, don't overdo it and come off as entitled or arrogant.'

I see the back of the blanket start swishing around as I speak.

"Um, yeah, that's, that'd be great." She squeaks out. Teal eyes wide and staring right into mine.

"So I'm free all day, what time works for you?" I ask.

"I, uh, now? No! Nine? Nine works." She says fidgeting in place. Looking away from me.

'If she keeps this up, I don't think- No!' I don't let that thought finish.

"Right. Nine, see you then." I push off the frame and start walking away.

Hearing the door close. I let out a breath and put a hand to my racing heart.

'Honestly though, if I'd known it was that easy, I'd already have a girlfriend by now!'

*Ring*

Grabbing my phone, its Vicky, I answer it.

"What'd she say?"

"I just got done, how'd you know-"

"Me and Dean are down the street. Not important! What. Did. She. Say?!" She says quickly.

Looking around I spot Vicky waving two blocks down. I start walking towards them.

"She said yes, nine o'clock." I answer.
"Okay, so show up at eight forty-five and be prepared to leave at ten." She replies.

'What? That made no sense!'

"But she said nine? Why would-" I'm cut off as Vicky explains

"You want to show up earlier than stated, it shows you WANT to be there. And if she is anything like a normal girl, if she likes you, she'll wanna look her absolute best and will agonize over her looks, redoing her hair and trying on multiple dresses until she's certain she's wearing the perfect one. Classic first date jitters. And she has a LOT of outfits. Like, more than fifty complete outfits. All custom." She explains.

'Who needs that many?' I think to myself. 'And I don't want to be here.'

I have like, three pairs of shoes and maybe fifty pieces of clothes all together, not including socks and underwear.

"Who is she trying to impress with all those outfits? She trying to be the Eidolon of fashion?." I say with a laugh.

"Uh, no one." She says sounding unimpressed. "We wear what we wear for ourselves, we LIKE looking our best. The only time we girls dress up for someone else is when we're trying to get someone's attention." She hangs up at that seeing as I'm only three houses from her.

Reaching them she continues.

"Also, whatever you do, and I cannot stress this enough. DON'T, do not, ever, mention Boston or the Slaughterhouse 9." She says with a stern look.

"Um, why?" I ask.

"It's not your business, and it's not my place to say. Just know it will turn out badly, for everyone, I will know, and you will be in pain." She says ominously.

Looking to Dean he just shrugs and shakes his head.

"Remember the key to impressing a girl on the first date?" She asks divertingly.

"Good hygiene?" I don't remember, but that's gotta be a good guess at least.

She glares at me while Dean shakes his head and mutters to himself. "Ha, no. If you think good hygiene is the key? You've already failed miserably." She says sternly. "Good hygiene isn't the key, it's a prerequisite. No girl want's to kiss a guy with garlic breath. The key is to pay attention to her, if she says something, you better damn well be paying attention. Don't let your attention drift, today is supposed to be about you and her. Make sure that's all it is." She finishes.

"Real quick, why go through all this effort, couldn't we have just, met around the side of the house? Instead of being this far?" I ask.

Dean rubs the back of his neck with a blush.

"We uh, recently discovered she has, very, good ears." He says, looking down and away as though suddenly finding the sidewalk interesting.

'Sounds like there's a story there.'

"Also, there's a fifty/fifty chance she knows about you and Deans 'Vocational' activities. So don't be surprised if she drops that out of nowhere." She adds.

"What? How? Does this have to do with her speculated Thinker rating?" I ask.

"Confirmed, actually, as of yesterday. Allegedly she gets information by spontaneously remembering things even if she wasn't there for it, it's not always accurate, and often times vague, but yeah." Dean answers.

I go to say something but get interrupted.

*Ring*

"Hmm? Oh, it's Kitsu. Everyone hush." She takes a few steps away and answers it.

"Help meeheeheeheeheeeee!" And she immediately holds the phone out at arm's length, waiting for Kitsu to quiet down.

"Okay, first. Volume, second what's going on?"

…

"Okay, yeah I remember."

…

"Well, maybe, okay again, volume, I'm right here."

…

"You want me to come home? Kay be there in a bit." She hangs up.

She looks at me with a smirk.

"Someone left a lasting impression, eh Casanova?" She says.
"What? What'd she say?" I ask, feeling the blush creep up my neck. Being more than a little self conscious.

"Oh, not much." She says smiling, tilting her head and making that thinking gesture, tapping her phone against her chin.

"Just that, you have gorgeous almond shaped ocean blue eyes that she got lost in, and that your deep, smooth, voice mesmerized her into agreeing to a date like an incubus tempting a maiden." She says in a dramatic wispy tone. "And that those jeans really show how cute your butt is when you walk." She finishes with a grin.

"My mom picked these out for me." I say quietly, not sure what else to say. Feeling embarrassed at having my butt of all things called cute.

Vicky levels a flat look at me while Dean just smacks a hand to his face and groans.

"Dennis, that's fine and all, but don't bring that up on your date." Vicky says.

"Why not? It's true." What was wrong with it? The clothes work!

"Because Mama's boys, can be a major turn off." She says plainly.

"Turn off?" I say.

"Some girls are okay with it, some even find it attractive. Emotional vulnerability and all that." Dean says reassuringly.

"But again, bringing up your mother? It's a first date don't, unless she asks about your family." Vicky finishes.

*Ring*

She pauses to look at her phone.

"It's Kitsu again, I better go help the poor girl. Probably stuck between outfits and thinking about those 'mesmerizing eyes' and fantasizing about that 'cute butt'." She says with before walking off towards her house.

"Why me?" I groan.

All I'm learning is that dating is convoluted as all hell, and Vicky enjoys playing matchmaker way too much.

Dean pats me on the back reassuringly.

"Don't worry, you'll do fine. From what I was seeing she really had the hots for you there. Hell from what I saw her radiating, I'm more worried about you keeping her off you." He says.

"What?! Dude! She's twelve!" I say in horror.
He just raises an eyebrow at me. Before sighing.

"According to Vicky she could be as old as fourteen, twelve is just the number she goes by, and besides that, you do realize girls develop those kinds of feelings earlier than guys, right?" He asks.

"How do know that!?" I ask, more than a little concerned.

He just gives me blank stare for several seconds.

"Right, empath." 'Now I feel stupid.'

"Look, will something like that happen? I strongly doubt it, but just remember she likes you, I can guarantee that." He says. "At first it was idle attraction and amusement when she messed with you. But just now? When you just opened that door and asked her out? I saw a literal spectrum, of affection, lust, nervousness, and excitement." He finishes.

"Do you have to mention the lust part? It sounds, I'unno." I do not need those images in my head right now.

Dean just rolls his eyes at me. "Dennis, when you see what I do, you quickly realize that humanity is a mess of all emotions in equal measure, like if there are ten emotions, and you look out at a crowd of people going about their day? You'd see an even split of all the emotions. Lust? Is just one vague emotion mixing among a very broad spectrum." He rants.

I just stare at him, kind of spooked at the info dump.

"Sorry, I can't turn the empath thing off and it gets annoying." He apologizes.

"Do you uh, want to talk about it?" I say, genuinely concerned for him.

He stares at me questioningly before sighing.

"No it's fine, thanks for the offer though, it means a lot." He says.

"Anytime man." I pat him on the back with a smile.

"Alright, let's go. I got a list of things you need to get. And apparently, we can go ahead and skip getting you new pants for this."

I sigh in defeat, resigning myself to my fate.
'Just, get through the day.'




Dallon house 8:30 am




Kitsu POV


Sitting in front of the mirror in the bathroom, braiding my hair to a simple side braid going from where my hair parts in the front, along to the back of my head, running under my ear, and reworking my hair to have a wavier texture while allowing the side without the braid to hang over half my eye. I cheated and used my biokinesis. I can't help but nitpick at my appearance.

'Why did I say yes! He just called me beautiful and I went all has crashed, please stand by. And now I'm freaking out!'

I spent the last hour just bathing and brushing. Vicky's here helping me pick out the right makeup, I've never worn it before, never had reason, and I still haven't decided what to wear. I thought about my Lily outfit, both of them, but it's the mall, not a picnic. My Jasmine of Olivine outfit? Too formal. My Serena outfits? Just doesn't feel right, maybe if it were a restaurant date. My Neptunia outfit, the dress one? I'd need to change my hair color otherwise it'd be garish, and I'm not changing my hair color for this, it feels wrong.

'I didn't think he'd accept! I was hoping he'd call, try and talk his way out. I'd say I was joking and it was all good. And I could use that as brownie points with the Wards! Nothing he said or did before ever implied he would say yes!' I think anxiously.

Hearing the door open behind me and seeing Vicky come in with what looks like a mini pink suitcase.

Setting it down on the counter she opens it up and grabs a small bottle.

"Alright, stay still. First, we apply the primer." She grabs a little yellow bottle, squeezes a small bead of it out and starts rubbing my face with it.

"What is this supposed to do?"

"Keeps the make up on your face." She answers. "Alright next is foundation, luckily you and I have the same skin tone, so we don't need to experiment or anything."

She grabs a little brush and a small clear glass bottle with a pinkish peach coloring in it. Putting dots of it on my cheeks, forehead, chin, and the bridge of my nose. She grabs the brush and spreads it out on those areas.

"What does this do?"

"Creates a uniform base for us start. Okay, get that out of your eyebrows." She finishes up and just stands there in a thinkers pose.

"Is, something wrong?" I ask worried.

"Just wondering if we should use contour or not, I'm thinking not. I use it to make my nose slimmer, but you really don't need it." She explains. " Even then, I can't think of a way to apply it without making it look like you are wearing makeup and we don't have time to try. So just bronzer this time."

She grabs a little disk and pops it open, taking a small brush and spreading it on the sides of my face.

"There, you have a bit more of a rounded face, almost oval, so we want to work with that." She points out.

"Is that good?" I ask uncertainly.

"It helps you look younger than you typically are, but that's a good thing! With your height and stature, and that celestial nose, it's perfect, you don't want to try and be someone you're not." She says.

A warm feeling spreads through me as I smile at the compliment. At least I think it's a compliment.

"Next some blush." She brings out wide puffy brush.

'How many brushes are there?'

After that she takes a long pause.

"Now, lets move to eyeshadow, you have large, vibrant sea green, turquois eyes, I'd say they're one of your best features, so we want to use a more earthy color to draw attention to them." She applies a yellowy brown makeup to my eyes, but it's so light I barely notice it's there.

"Are you sure this is going to work? I can't even tell I'm wearing makeup." I ask nervously.

"Kitsu, that's the point. Besides, the only reason you don't notice is because you've been watching the whole thing gradually. Trust me." She says.

"Right." I say uncertainly.
"Now some liner to really make your eyes pop out, close your eyes." Doing so, I feel her press the pencil and draw.

"Okay, open." She says.
'That's me?' I think as my attention is just drawn in to my eyes, the black outlining my eyes and just over all making them appear to shine. I think I see some specks of blue glittering in the black. I like it!

"Honestly your lashes are perfect, I'm a little scared to mess with them, maybe just a little on the bottom outer edges." She grabs a small black cylinder, unscrewing it to reveal ANOTHER brush. Brushing it daintily on my lashes. Making my eyes seem twice as expressive as before.

She takes another pause, rummaging through the box and continues.

"Now some lip balm, this one is my favorite. It's called royal blush." She says.

Again it's applied so lightly I can hardly tell it's there if not for the slight shine it gives.

Honestly? I can see myself using the eyeshadow and eyeliner, and lip gloss more regularly in the future. Not everything else, the foundation, bronzer and everything else can stay in that box.

Along with all those brushes.

"And finally, setting spray, helps it last, close your eyes again." Doing so, I hold back the flinch at feeling the wetness hit my face.

"Thank you Vicky." I say genuinely.

"Thank me when you get a second date, or second base." She adds with a teasing smile.

Blushing, I start to squirm a little at the image. 'I'd be straddled in his lap, leaning up on my knees so that our faces could meet, we'd be kissing softly as he held me gently yet firm against him, just enough so that I could push away if I wanted to, but I wouldn't. My arms wrapped around his neck tightly, deepening the kiss as he wraps an arm around me and presses a hand to my hip, forearm crossing the small of my back, pulling me even closer to him as we break for air, we'd gaze into each other's eyes as-'

"KITSU!"

"Eep!" I jump in surprise.

Vicky just stares at me with a knowing smirk, looking all too much like the cat that caught the canary, and I can see my face in the mirror rapidly lighting up.

"My God you've got it bad. At first I was feeling sorry for Dennis, but now at this point I'm more worried about you. Think you'll go the day with your lipstick in tact?" She asks with a teasing grin.

I squirm in place. Feeling myself die a little at the mortification I'm feeling.

"Stop it, please." I mutter out.

"You are surprisingly easy to tease when it comes to this stuff. Don't blame me for capitalizing on it." She says. "Consider it revenge for everything, I'm going to enjoy this as much as I can."

'I can't even argue that.' I think in despair.

"And speaking of." She continues with a devious smile.

"Huh?" I say dumbly, still struggling not to get lost in my thoughts.

"Just imagine it, months from now, it's your half year anniversary, You decide to surprise him with something special, you sneak into his room, he gets home and you're there on his bed, you start making out, he pushes you down onto the blanket, his hand cupping the side of your face, trailing from the base of your jaw, down to your side as he reaches just past your stomach. And then, just as you think he'll pull back up, he goes lower, reaching the brim of your-"

"STOP! Stop! Please!" I cut her off. The images in my mind racing. 'Of all the times to start my cycle, it had to be when I got my first date! WHY DID I SAY YES?!'

She bursts out laughing.

"Oh God! This is far better than anything I could've hoped for! Consider that one payback for yesterday in the lunchroom." She jabs. "In all seriousness, you good?"

After a few seconds I answer. "As I'll ever be, I guess."

"Alright, I'll leave you to finish your hair." She says and gets up to leave.

"Vicky?"

"Hmm? Yeah?" She stops.

"Would he even, want me? Like that? I know what I look like, even taking away all the Case 53 parts. Am I, desirable? I look so much younger than him, what if other people get the wrong idea?" I can't help but vent my insecurities.

"Oh Kitsu, yes, you are. I can't speak for every guy out there, but you are attractive. And hell, if you ever decide you want to grow up? With how you look now I can guarantee, Dennis will be glad he got you before someone else could." She reassures me with a hand on my shoulder.

Looking at her with tears forming, I can't help but feel so loved.

"Hey! No! No." She grabs a washcloth and dabs my eyes. "No crying. We just got done, you are not ruining your makeup. This stuff is not cheap."

I just hug her tightly. Enjoying the warmth between us. She takes a moment before hugging me back. Rubbing my back gently.

"And hey, if someone does say something, just say you have dwarfism or something, make'em feel like shit for not minding their own, it's not entirely false." She says.

"That's mean." I say with a small laugh.

We stay there for a minute before Vicky moves to let go.

"Okay, that's enough of the sappy shit, save it for your date. Now come on, you still have to get dressed and Dennis is in the living room waiting, Dad just got back from dropping mom off and he's giving him the shovel talk." Vicky says.

I push off her in alarm.

"HE'S HERE!? I'm not ready! Oh God what time is it?! I'm not even dressed! I haven't even decided what to wear!" I panic.

"Don't worry, I picked out the perfect outfit for you. You labeled it Rosa on the hanger."




9:48 am




Turns out she did pick my Rosa outfit. And I have to agree, it's perfect for a mall date. A white short sleeve tee with the shoulders, sleeves and collar being sky blue. A pink pokè-ball design with a black border on the chest. My version swaps out the wavy shorts in favor of a slightly longer, wavy skirt over black leggings. I drew the designs for each outfit and didn't do a good job detailing the shorts. This was like, outfit thirty something and I didn't have the heart to tell Parian she got it wrong.

That and I was too lazy.

No hat, I do have the purse though. Overall it accentuates what little curves I have without coming off as slutty and trying too hard.

I really love these shoes as well.

I peek into the living room and see a ghost white Dennis, he's sat next to Mark whose got an arm wrapped over his shoulder.

"Just remember what we talked about kay? And don't worry, it'll be less painful than what someone like Lung would do. And seeing as he also has a soft spot for Kitsu, you can bet he'd be in the line of people waiting to get a piece." Mark says cheerfully.

'I got a good guess at what he's talking about. Still, it's nice see Dennis is about as nervous as I am.' I think as I gain a little more confidence at seeing Dennis lose his. 'Okay, you can do this! You're cute! You look amazing! You're not small, your fun size!' I blush again at the implication I just put in my head. 'NOT THAT KIND OF FUN! Well, maybe? Maybe he likes girls that are shorter than him? Yeah, he likes me! He wouldn't be here if he didn't, he even showed up early according to Vicky! He'd have called and tried to find a way out of the date if he wasn't interested!' I cheer myself on.

Like I initially thought he would.

Stepping out and taking in the sight. I take in his state of dress, form fitting blue jeans, folded at the ankles, a black shirt with blue lightning strikes across it. Over it is a red flannel jacket. He's clean shaven and got a jawline like Taylor Lautner without the cleft. His red hair's grown out and styled like Mitchel Musso's was back in, well now in 2010. Broad shoulders set in place, giving me the impression of a swimmers build. He's holding onto a long pink plastic bag with white flowery designs.

He sees me and goes to say something before he stops, mouth slightly open, eyes roaming up and down. It makes me feel a mess of excited, nervous, and embarrassed. Mark notices his attention is no longer on him, looking over he smiles brightly at me.

While Dennis just winces at Mark squeezing his shoulder a little tighter.

"I, didn't make you wait too long, did I?" I ask, arms behind my back, staring at my foot pivoting into the carpet.

"I, uh, not really no. Was just talking to Mark for a bit." He replies numbly. Looking up I see him staring right into my eyes. Getting butterflies I immediately look away.

*Click*

Turning to the sound, I see Vicky, hiding around the corner of the hall, on her phone taking pictures.

"Shit, forgot to put that to silent." She says. Looking up she just smiles. "Ignore me." She says cheerfully with a wave.

Dennis gets up and, taking a small breath, reaches into the pink bag and hands me a small midnight blue rose bouquet. Five roses surrounded by green bushes with small white flowers I can't name, wrapped in a black cloth with a silver bow.

With a confident smile he hands me the bouquet. "Thought I'd get some beautiful flowers, for an even more beautiful girl." He says.

'That was so corny! And I love it.' I think and take the bouquet, holding it tight against me. With the roses up to my nose, hoping it hides my burning face.

"Thank you, I love them." I say quietly, trying and failing to use my biokinesis to stop my blushing and hammering heart. I keep getting distracted!

"Alright!" Mark says with a clap. "How about I drive you two to the mall? It's hot out and it's a long walk from here. I can drop you off and you can go on your way." He says, though the way he says it leaves no room for denying the offer.

"Uh, let me go put these up." I say and hurry off.

I don't use my speed as I don't want to mess up my braid, and I don't know how it'll effect my makeup. Vicky can fly off at super speeds and not worry about it because of her force field.

I don't have that luxury.

Putting the bouquet on my nightstand I take a moment to touch it and see its genetic makeup. Out of sheer curiosity and a need to distract myself for a few seconds to get myself calm.

Interestingly enough, the flowers are real, they just have a blue dye added to them. They're naturally white. Looking through its genome helps me calm myself. They smell nice, a bit more citrusy than I would've thought.

Now calmed from my earlier hysterics. I take a breath and prepare myself.

"Okay, you got this, you're Kitsu! The Endstopper! As stupid as that name is. You don't get flustered, you fluster others!" I say to myself. Finding my confidence in full and recovering from being caught off guard, I head out to do what I do best!

'I'm going to give that boy a day he'll never forget!'




-Brockton Bay Mall, Downtown, 10:09 am-




The drive to the mall was more nerve-racking than I thought it would be and I found myself losing my confidence again at the tension. Mark made Dennis sit in the front seat, while I sat in the back. I couldn't stop thinking; scenario after scenario of how this could all go playing in my head. Some wholesome and sweet, others terrifying, and few, spicy, ones. And I'm pretty sure Dennis noticed me fidgeting and squirming in the back seat.

Mark dropped us off at the mall's entrance and waited for us to head inside before driving off. Dennis held the doors open for me as we walked into the mall.

"Where to first beautiful? It's your day." He says, flashing a sincere smile.

'Stop calling me that!' I think. It makes me want to run and hide when he says it with that smile. 'Turn it around, make him blush damnit!'

"Anywhere is fine as long as I'm with you handsome." 'Please work, he's not blushing damnit!'




Dennis "Clockblocker" POV


'How in the hell am I supposed to take her somewhere if she just says anywhere?' I think in frustration. 'The food court is a good first spot right?'

"How about the food court? Have you eaten yet? We can share a pizza?" I suggest.

She smiles at that, her tail, which was swaying lazily, is now wagging a little faster at the mention of pizza.

"That sounds good." She says with a smile. 'I swear, she was not glowing like this before. Does she actually like me? We've barely talked, hell the first time we met she killed me!' I think, and then laugh at the idea, getting a scene in my head.


A small red-haired boy with large fox ears and a tail walks up to me.

'Daddy, how did you meet mommy?'

With a chuckle I respond. 'Well son, it all started when your mother killed me while stealing a TV.'


I'm snapped from my thoughts as Kitsu latches onto my arm.

"What's so funny?" She asks.

Feeling a blush creep it's way up my face and burn my ears, I see her start to grin that vulpine smile of hers. The way her perfect teeth glimmer, the canines longer than what would be normal, making me think of a vampire or a modern Earth-Aleph anime character.

"Were you thinking of me?~" She asks in a teasing voice.

"No?" My voice cracks. 'Shiiiiit!'

"Don't lie to me Dennis~" She says with teasing grin.

"Uh, maybe I was?" I say, embarrassed at being forced to admit I was in fact thinking about her.

Like a light switch she returns to her earlier shy cheerfulness. Tail swishing about, ears flat against her head as she looks away from me.

"Oh, uh, that's." She says quietly. "I was thinking about you, if it helps you feel better." She continues. Peeking up to meet my eyes, and immediately turning them to the side again.

It both does, and doesn't make me feel better.

'I mean, hey, look on the bright side man. She could be fourteen and just short! All you know is that she's at least twelve. That's not as bad, right?' I try to think further but can't focus the thought as I feel Kitsu start to nuzzle the side of her head into my arm, making my heart thump harder than it already is.

'Stop being so cute damn it! If you keep this up I'll run out of excus- reasons to, dump you? Not like you? Go back on the deal I agreed to? God there's no way to put it without sounding like douche.' I think.

Stepping on to the escalator heading to the second floor, I can't help but shrink at all the stares we're getting. Raised eyebrows and a few glares.

'Just ignore them, they don't know the full details.' I think to myself.

"What's the matter? You suddenly got goosebumps." She asks.

"It's nothing you need to worry about. Why don't you tell me about yourself?" I flash a winning smile and she once again looks away, ears hugging her head again.

"There's, not really all that much to tell. Outside of recently, my life has been nothing but hitchhiking and just trying to survive. The amount of people I even knew personally before a few months ago could be counted on one hand." She says.

"Well, tell me about them, who are they?" I ask.

"If you're sure you wanna hear it." she says.

"I am, it's about you, and you are what I want to hear about." I say smoothly. I totally ripped that from one of my mom's romcoms.

She squeals in what I hope is delight and presses herself closer to me. Tail hitting the back of my legs as it goes wild.

"W-well, there's Wade, I met him in Chicago just shortly after he triggered about a year ago. He's a chubby kid, African American, and now stays holed up in his room. He's a Thinker specializing in data analysis and a Tinker specializing in code. He made me my phone after I helped him out and he gives me a discount on his services." She explains.

'Okay, interesting, but still normal enough all things considered.'

"What'd you help him out with?" I ask.

"Uh, bullies." She says quietly.

'I can see that. If for no other reason than it being a whim.' I mentally shrug.

"Anyone else, you said there were others." I ask, more because I don't know what else to say.

"There's Nilbog and his children, they're nice to me." She continues.

'And once again I'm reminded of who I'm talking to.' I think plainly.

"Nilbog is nice to you so long as you play along with his fantasy, referring to him as king, show respect and kindness to his subjects. If you're powerful enough he'll even treat you as an equal of sorts." She lists off.

'What am I supposed to say to that? That's nice?'

"He calls me The Errant Princess." She says with a giggle.

'Princess, saving that for later.'

"Mark mentioned Lung when we were, talking, earlier. How do you know him?" I ask.

"I was in the bay a few years ago, I was bored and just staring at the sidewalk when he ran into me in his civilian identity. Literally by the way, I was trying to avoid attention, so I was invisible at the time. After apologizing he let it go, even helped me out later that day." She says with a small smile. She looks up at me. "What about you? What do you like?"

Reaching the top of the escalator and stepping off we headed to the food court. Though I'm 90% certain Kitsu isn't paying attention to where we're going.

"Well, I like a lot of things. Comedy shows, action movies, I enjoy fps games, and listening to music." I answer.

"What kind of music?" she asks.

"I don't really have a preference outside not liking country, just feels a bit depressing to me." I say.

"Fair. After we eat where do you want to go?" She asks.

"We could visit a few stores, maybe see the indoor arcade. If you want, we could check out the small amusement park at the back of the mall." I answer.

'Can't really say I have no idea.'

"I'd like that." She says and nuzzles me even more.

'Is the nuzzling a fox thing? Is it a her thing? A girl thing I just don't know about? Is it rude to ask?'

We reach the food court to see a bunch of people going about their day and eating, more than a few eyes turn to us. Though Kitsu doesn't seem to notice, her eyes looking up at me, ears twitching about every other second.

"HAAAaaaa!" someone squealed.

Spooked at the high-pitched wail, I look to my left to see a thin guy in a striped shirt, several feet away on a table, hunched over and clutching his crotch.

"What happened?" I ask no one in particular.

"I'unno, sounds like he has issues, c'mon let's go get that pizza!" Kitsu says and starts pulling me towards the line in front of the pizza vendor.




Kitsu POV


'People need to keep their comments to themselves.' I think bitterly. The guy had jokingly called Dennis a furry fucker to his friends.

'How about an invisible block to the dick? Think that's funny? Cus I do.'

I calm myself down, a little thankful for the distraction as now I'm getting past my earlier nervousness and anxiety.

Standing in line I can't help but to enjoy myself. Just letting myself be happy at the idea that someone wants me for themselves. He wouldn't be trying so hard if he didn't want to impress me. The corny lines, the false bravado, it shows a level of effort I can't help but appreciate.

Being this close I notice his cologne has an earthy sweet scent to it. I like it.

We finally got to the front of the line.

"What kind do you want?" I ask him.

"Well, what kind does the Princess like?" He asks with a smirk.

'STOP THAT! STOP IT BEFORE YOU KILL ME!' If he keeps up the names, I'm either going to run away, pass out, or kiss him.

"M-m-mushroom." I stutter.

'No, we are not doing this again! I make you blush and stammer! I'm the one in control!'

"One large mushroom pizza for the beautiful girl at my side. Oh, go ahead and make it stuffed crust too please." He says like a dork.

'He's polite to staff, that's a good sign.' If he had been rude I probably would have just up and left without a word.

"Drinks?" The skinny, tired-looking teen behind the counter asks.

'He seems familiar.'

"Mountain dew for me, medium. What about you?" Dennis asks.

"Lemonade, large." I speak out, looking everywhere on the menu to avoid risking seeing that smile again. Or those blue eyes.

The guy types into the register before looking back to us.

"That'll be Twenty eight, eighty six after tax." The teen says.

'Why is it so expensive?!'

Dennis pulls out a black wallet with grey clocks all over it and hands him a twenty and a ten.

"Keep the change." He says.

"Alright, here are your cups, and your number is thirty-six, we'll call it out when ready. You can fill your cups at the fountain over there. And here's your receipt." He points to a soda machine at the end of the counter and hands Dennis the paper the register spat out.

'Guess we didn't need to tell him what drinks we wanted.' Looking over I see Dennis is likely thinking the same thing, going by awkward look on his face.

"Right, thank you. I hope you have a good day." He takes the receipt and his cup in one hand while I have to let go of his arm to grab my cup in both mine.

"I'll try, see you at school Monday, Kitsu." He says back.

'Chemistry! I sit next to him. Small world.'

I nod to him and follow Dennis to the soda machine.

'Okay, turn this around. Make him blush, trip him up somehow. Think, he's a teenage boy who-' I mentally pause at that. Reaching the machine, illusioning a step stool to more easily get my lemonade.

'He's a teenage boy. He's got more hormones running rampant in him than I probably do right now! Maybe.'

I am running on a ridiculous amount of estradiol and progestogen right now, among other things.

Making our way to a circular benched table and taking a seat, I scoot in close to him.

"So, what was the first thing you noticed about me?" I ask with a smirk.

'Just don't stare at his eyes, and you'll be fine.'

"Your tail." He says absentmindedly before his eyes widen and he looks down at me. "I mean, uh-"

"Staring at me from behind huh?" I cut him off and scoot even closer. "Well I can't blame you, it is a nice view. And hey, be a good boy and maybe you'll get to touch it. It's very soft and fluffy." I grin at his rapidly reddening face.

"I, I uh." He swallows a lump in his throat. "That's not what-"

"Not what you were starring at back there?" I cut him off again, not wanting to lose my momentum. "Well what else could you have looking at?" I say with a wide grin.

Leaning my shoulder into him, tilting my head to the side I look up and give him my best sly look. "Well? What is it?" I say in a teasing tone.

His breath gets caught as he goes to say something, but just keeps opening and closing his mouth.

"THIRTY SIX!"

"I'll go get the pizza!" He says quickly and jumps up so fast I almost fell over.

Watching him walk away I let out a breath I didn't know I was holding. Feeling the pounding of my heart settle and taking a few deep breaths.

With him gone I think to myself.

'Okay, you got this. He's a boy with little to no experience with girls, and I'm a girl with no experience with boys. No! Don't think like that! He's more nervous than you are. Just keep pushing the right buttons and don't let up. He's putty in your hands! Keep it up and- HE'S BACK!'

"H-here we are, one large mushroom stuffed crust for our resident princess, the Mushroom Princess one could say." He says nervously.

"Hmm!" I cover my mouth to stop from laughing at the horrible joke.

He grins that sincere smile again and continues.

"You-a got-a that-a one? How-a about-a this?" He says in a very exaggerated high pitched voice.

"How-a many pieces do-a you want-a Princess?" He continues.

'It's not even that funny! It's just so stupid!' I think to myself.

Shaking my head and trying not to laugh.

"None? But-a Princess, it's-a your pizza, you-a ordered it." He keeps going!

"That's not! I, I!" and I can't hold it in anymore as the dam on my laughs bursts.




-Earlier-




Dennis "Clockblocker" POV


Reaching the counter and looking behind me, I see she's staring at the table now.

'Good.'

Pulling out my phone I call Vicky.

"What's up Casanova?" She answers

"Help me!" I whisper shout, not wanting to draw too much attention.

"What's wrong, you're doing great from what Dean and I can tell."

"I'm dying out here! Every time I think I have things under control, she pulls something new and it, it just, I." I'm left at a loss for words as I struggle to get my thoughts across.

"Why Dennis, it almost sounds as though you like her." I can hear the smirk she's giving.

"I give up." I say in defeat.

"Huh? What'd ya mean?"

"I like her, okay? She's cute, quirky, and I don't know! The more this date goes on, the more I want it to continue, there, I said it. Now please, for the love of everything, help me!?" I say what she wants to hear to move this along.

There's a bit of a pause before I hear anything more.

"Yeah I know I owe you; you don't have to be so smug about it." She says in the background.

"What?"

"Talking to Dean." She says quickly. "Anyway, make her laugh. She finds humor attractive, use that, be your usual goofball, dorky self."

"That's it? What happened to confidence and all that other junk?" I ask.

"Dennis, you're an idiot. When I was talking about confidence I didn't mean put on an act, I meant be confident in yourself and who you are. Nothing is hotter than a guy who's not afraid to be himself."

Why can't her advice ever be clear.

"Okay, I'll try." I say unsurely.

"Good, now go, you're making a line."

*Click*

Looking behind me I see two people. the guy right behind me raises an eyebrow.

"Sorry." I say, grabbing the pizza and quickly rushing off.




-Now-




Her laugh is honestly the most adorable thing ever. And a warm feeling spreads through me as I realize how much more of it I want to hear.

She starts to snort and that fills me with pride. Knowing I made her laugh hard enough that she's trying and failing to catch her breath and she can't because she's too busy laughing.

The blush she gets as she realizes the sounds she's making, is icing on the cake.

It just feels good to make someone laugh. You know?

Having calmed down, she slumps into me with a smile, still giving a laugh here and there.

"You good? You're not gonna pass out on me are you?"

She nods her head with a smile. Eyes closed she speaks up.

"Feed me." She says.

"Hmm?"

She tilts her head up and opens her mouth.

"Aaahh."

Taking the hint, I grab a slice and start to do as she asked.

Doing this over and over for three slices she finally stops.

"Good boy." She says, snuggling her head into my arm. I can't help but blush as I remember the last time she said 'good boy' and the conversation it was with.

She reaches hand up to my chin, frowns. And then gets a small smile.

"And good boys get treats don't they?" She says.

'I don't like how she said that.'

'All my thoughts come crashing to a halt as she proceeds to get up and hop into my lap.

Sitting sideways on my leg, she grabs a slice of pizza and brings it up, one hand under it to keep crumbs from falling.

"Your turn! Say Aah!" she says cheerfully. Wholly unaware of my struggle as her tail swishing around adds a slight wiggle to her seating.

'Calm down, don't pop a boner. Think about something else, uh the pizza!' I bite into the slice.

I don't like mushrooms, and I was planning on just picking them off. But I'm glad for the little distraction. As I continue to eat down to the crust, I'm mildly upset that she instead took the crust for herself.

"Hey!"

"Don't worry, there's more! It's only one piece." She says innocently.

She grabs another slice and brings it up.

"Here comes the airplane!" I keep my mouth shut at that one. A little insulted, and also not wanting to eat the mushrooms again.

"Hrmn!" She growls. "C'mon! Open!" She keeps trying to shove the slice in my face. I keep moving my head back and forth as she tries to stab the slice into my lips.

"Just!" Stab, miss. "Accept!" Stab, miss. "The!" Stab, miss again. "Fine!

She stops and eats the slice herself. Biting into it angrily as she glares at me.

"I-" I begin.

"HA!" She slams the slice into my mouth with a smirk. "Gotcha!"

Swallowing the bite and grabbing a napkin to wipe the grease and sauce off my face, she just continues to grin at me.

"I don't like mushrooms." I blurt out.

Ears flattening against her head she looks away from me.

'Why did you say that, you were having a genuine moment and you ruined it! Dumbass! Now you've hurt her feelings!'

Just because I want this date to fail doesn't mean I wanna be a dick about it.

"Oh, um, why didn't you say anything?" She asks.

"I didn't want to be rude?" I say nervously.

Getting a good look at her now, I can tell she really is just short, not young. Her shirt hugs her in a way that I can't help but notice the way her waist and belly curves inward, showing she does in fact have some curves.

'I know for a fact she has more curves than Missy, who is supposedly as old as her.'

Missy complained about her lack of development more than once. Not to me of course. But I was around the corner when she asked the designer to add just a little more to her chest plate under the guise of 'Added protection'.

I don't think the lady fell for it. Still did as she asked though.

Turning my thoughts back to Kitsu.

'She just has a face that holds youth, the kind that hints she could be in her thirties and cashiers would still feel a need to card her when buying beer.'

She is also very warm. Like, enough that I might start to sweat from the heat and nerves if she decides she wants to snuggle against me again.

'It's not that I don't like it, but I need to focus on something else.' I think. 'If she scoots closer, does she even know what she's doing?'




Kitsu POV


I know exactly what I'm doing.

Having calmed down enough to think clearly, I'd started using my biokinesis to help calm myself further. And keep it so.

I'm not stupid, nor am I so innocent that I don't understand the position I'm putting him in. Sitting on his lap, was a spur of the moment thing, I was trying to get to him by feeding him.

'Every guy wants to be hand fed by a cute girl, right?' I think uncertainly.

I noticed I couldn't exactly reach him with my short stature. Being just shy of comfortably being able to reach his mouth with my hands. I could do it. But I thought it would look more awkward than anything else.

So I hopped up onto his leg.

I'll admit. A part of me is a little disappointed that I didn't feel anything, other than him tense up. Either he has better control than I thought, I'm not trying hard enough, or.

I don't want to admit to the other possibilities.

And now here I am, feeling like crap because I'd been forcing him to eat something he didn't like.

'I probably came off as too pushy. I just got frustrated that he wouldn't let me feed him! Now I seem inconsiderate.'

"Hey, are you okay? You got really quiet there. Did I do something wrong?" Dennis asks.

Snapping back up to look at him, and immediately regretting it as I met his eyes.

"N-no! I mean, no you didn't do anything wrong." Being this close to him I can hear his heart start to slow at that.

I peel away from his gaze.

'having eyes like that should be against a law somewhere.' I need another distraction. Something to help put me back on track.

I look out at the food court. Noticing more than a few eyes on us. Though no one is saying anything from what I can hear.

'Good.' I think darkly.

One person saying something was my limit. Next one is probably going to find themselves tossed over the railing.

Must be the bystander effect at work here. There are so many people around, everyone assumes and expects someone else to do something.

I feel a strange sort of possessiveness over Dennis right now. Like an insult to him, is an insult to me. More than that, it's an attack.

Strangely, the longer I'm with him. The more I get this itchy feeling in my teeth. And a need to do, something, with it.

It's probably nothing.

Calming down and now being able to focus enough to regulate my body again. I close my eyes and scoot into his lap more, resting my head against his chest. I'm starting to get tired and emotionally burnt out from the cycle of, embarrassed, anxious, excited, worried, calm, and so on. I just need a second to relax and collect my thoughts.

I quickly realize my mistake as I feel something rise up and poke my thigh.

'Well at least I now know he likes me like that. Or at least likes a warm body in his lap.' I think. And a wave of anxiety mixed with excitement floods me. And I have to regulate my blood to keep certain parts from becoming too sensitive at the anticipation.

'I wonder how big it is? Maybe after the third date I'll let him get far enough that I'll find out. Maybe.'

I'm affectionate, clingy, and a tease. But I am not easy.

I pretend not to notice and just snuggle into him. Though the hitch in his breath and the force of his heart act as a reminder of what I'm doing to him. To say nothing of the subtle twitching under me.

I almost giggle at the idea of what he must be thinking. Picturing him going 'AAAAAAGGGGHHHHHH!' in his head.

'I'm taking this too far. But I can't move now!'

For one, I don't wanna. He has nice muscles, firm with just enough give. Two, I don't want anyone else looking over and see his, state of duress. I want to embarrass him, not humiliate him and make him regret going out with me.

"So, am I just your new chair now?" He asks jokingly.

"Yes. Now hush. Chairs don't talk." I reply in the same joking tone.

"That's because I'm not like the other chairs, promise. I'm the latest model, here to talk to you and listen." He says smoothly.

His pounding heart betrays his tone of confidence.

"Maybe I should trade in for an older model, one that's quieter and gives me massages. And isn't so lumpy." I wiggle around to, get more comfortable.

'Read that as make him more uncomfortable.'

"Yeah, uh. Maybe you should get up so I can clear my pockets?" He says nervously.

Again his heart pounding is telling me all I need to know. And I feel a kind of elation at knowing the sort of power I hold over him right now.

'Learn something new everyday.'

"No it's fine. Besides, everyone knows any decent piece of furniture needs broken in." I say.

"I'll have you know I'm already broken in! I can use the bathroom on my own and everything." He says.

I look up at him, bringing a hand to the side of his face, and scratch his cheek. "Well aren't you such a good boy~" I coo.

"Woof!" He says with a smile.

His heart is slowing down, and I feel his erection go down with it.

Satisfied that I'd had my fun in tormenting him, I go ahead and scoot off him.

'He was such a gentleman, not trying to take advantage or make me uncomfortable. He's a keeper.' I think and let the earlier warmth from this morning flood my body.

'But more than that, He's mine.'

Glancing at a large digital clock over the salad vendor, I see it's 11:39.

"So, you gonna eat that? It's getting cold, I can pick the mushrooms off." I say.

"I'm not hungry anymore. How about we do some window shopping?" He asks.

"Sure!" I'm going to ruin this boy for other girls after today.

'I'll make sure he only thinks of me. No other girls~' I think happily.




Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon POV


Leaning on the railing two stories up and across from the food court with Dean and Vergil. Watching the two lovebirds walk out of the food court is honestly the cutest shit I've ever seen.

For one, Kitsu is positively beaming, nuzzling, snuggling, tail wagging. Two, Dennis finally cracked.

"Still can't believe it only took forty five minutes, I mean, c'mon! For as much as he complained about this, you'd expect him to hang on at least an hour." I grumble out.

"I warned you not to bet on feelings with an empath. Your fault you didn't listen." Vergil said.

We ran into him on the way here, he had nothing better to do.

"Yeah yeah, don't you have an outlet to stick a fork in sparky?" I snide.

Vergil just rolls his eyes.

"Hey Vicky?" Dean pipes up.

"What's up? Notice something?" I ask, we've been using Dean as a sort of, emotion radar, to know if or when we'll need to step in.

Almost hopped the rail and flew down when she sat in his lap. Till Dean informed me she was the initiator there, not Dennis.

'Damn bold to just hop in a guys lap on the first date, you go girl!' At this rate Kitsu might have Dennis on a leash by this time next week!

'Credit where it's due, she knows what she wants and goes for it.'

"How stable would you say Kitsu is, on a scale of one to ten?" he asks.

'Where'd that come from?'

"I'd saaaayyyy, seven on a good day, maybe eight, five on a bad. Why?"

"Because, I, don't know how to put this. But she's developing some rather worrisome emotions right now." He says slowly.

"Uh, whatchu mean man, we talkin murder hobo rage, or sociopath in the making?" Vergil asks with a raised eyebrow.

"I couldn't tell earlier from all the people around, but now that I'm seeing her clearly? Lust, obsession, they're all mixing and slowly bleeding into her affection. I don't know how to describe it but, I think she might be starting to obsess over him. Almost like a stalker might." He says.

"Okay, red flag for sure, what can we do about that?" Vergil asks.

"I don't know, I'm just telling you what I see, and what I see is starting to worry me." Dean replies.

"You're sure it's not just puppy love? Infatuation at a guy she likes giving her attention? No offense but, remember when you thought Amy was jealous of me because I was with you?" I ask.

He takes a second. Shaking his head he replies.

"You're right, besides my empath abilities have been screwy with her all day." He days.

"What do you mean?" I ask.

"Just that. She's radiating an aura of affection so strong that it shouldn't be humanly possible. I've seen others display this much before, but never for this long. Every emotion she gets keeps getting consumed and overpowered by her affection." He answers.

"Yo, not to sound like that guy or nuthin but, how human does she count as? Like, on an objective, science level I mean." Vergil asks.

"Dunno, I'll ask Ames next chance I get. How's Dennis doing?" I ask. Trying to steer away from Kitsu.

'So what if she's obsessing over a guy, she deserves a little happiness and companionship.' I think. 'How bad could it be? Deans probably overreacting.'

"Better, now that he and Kitsu are over their first date jitters. He was spiking lust earlier, though it was mostly unwanted." He says.

"How do you tell it's unwanted?" I ask.

"When it's mixed equally with fear and discomfort." Dean shrugs.

"Well guys, this has been fun but, I'mma head back and get a nap before I head out on patrol tonight. I'll ask Dennis how it went when I see him in suit. Later!" Vergil says.

"Later Vergil hope you get some good sleep." Dean says.

"See ya sparky." I give a quick wave.

He turns to leave and waves us a goodbye.

'He better be good to her or I swear to God.'

After finding out Kitsu was a Slaughterhouse Survivor, it really put a new light on her.

No one knows where Case 53's come from. But one theory is that they experience trigger events soo bad their powers run rampant in an attempt to deal with it, mutating their body to a form that allows them to survive whatever is threatening them, and the trauma leads to repressed memories. Kitsu may just be proof of that.

'What she needs is love and support, not any form mistrust and mistreatment. God I was such a bitch.' I think to myself.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
BONUS
.
.
-Mall parking lot, 10:15 am-
.
.
Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV
.
Sitting here in the car, I wait as the dial tone finally stops and I hear Vicky's voice.

"It's my dad. Hey dad what's up?"

"Not much, just calling, want to know how Kitsus' date is going." I say.

Vicky had to convince me not push the boy out the door.

"Uh, how would I know?" Vicky says in the most suspicious tone ever.

Rolling my eyes I reply.

"Because I know you're spying on them? Vicks, one, you're bad at lying. Two, I was there yesterday with Kitsu when you did that 'quiz'. Your mother was too, we all gave our answers and treated it like a game. Now Dennis shows up, asks her to the mall and gives her blue flowers. Oh, and I thought you should know, Kitsu only said the mall because she was getting tired of texting, her idea of a perfect date is a picnic." I say.

"Shit. Wait, did she give your guys's answers?!" Vicky asks.

'At least she's not hiding it anymore.' For as much as I love her unconditionally, Vicky can be rather shameless at times.

"No, as far as I'm aware she gave her answers." I say with a roll of my eyes.

"So the thing about the books was?"

"Yes, her favorite genre really is romance, she even went into spiel about it. It was honestly one of the cutest things ever." I say with a chuckle.

'Kitsu the romantic, who'd of thought.' I think with a smile.

"We're getting off topic, what's happening?" I ask.

"They're both blushing so much I'm surprised they haven't passed out. Kitsu is nuzzling his arm as they're walking, she'd better be careful or she'll rub her makeup off. Dennis is trying to act cool, failing miserably at that, he's switching between a blushing nervous wreck, and an overconfident playboy wannabe. According to Dean, he appears to be like her more than he admits. Meanwhile Kitsu is, uh, lighting up with affection and slowly regaining her confidence as the date goes on. She seems to melt anytime he pulls out the playboy act, so at least it's working for him." She lists off.

"Okay, she's enjoying herself then?" I ask.

"I'd certainly say so."

"That's good, I'm glad for her. Do me a favor?" I intone.

"What's that, dad?" She asks.

"If his hands go above or below her waist, break'em. And if he makes her cry? Let me break him." I say.

"Uh, jeez that got dark. I can't promise anything but, okay."

"Also, answer something for me. When did you start caring so much about Kitsu? Just a few days ago you treated her an unwanted stepsister." I ask.

"I uh, found out some things, made me think y'know? Put certain things into perspective. Hey while we're on the phone, have you ever thought about signing Kitsu up for therapy?" She says.

No way in hell were those two things unrelated.

"No, she seems alright, why? Is there something I need to know?" I ask concerned.

"Not at all! Just that, well, she's been a homeless vagabond from day one of her life until now, that's gotta lead to some issues, right? Don't want anything, popping up later and be unprepared for it, y'know?" She says evasively.

'Vagabond? Haven't heard that word in a while.'

"I'll talk to Carol and Kitsu about it. For now, call me if something happens. I'll be in the parking lot waiting to pick them up at two." I say.

"Gotcha, love you! Bye!"

"Love you too sweetie." I hang up and think to myself.

'I failed to be there for Vicky most of her life growing up, I failed to be any sort of father towards Amy, and I failed to help Carol past her issues. Now I have another chance to give a little girl a father figure, I will not fail again.' I think.

'Kitsu had barreled into our lives like a bull running through a China shop, literally almost. And even after everything, with Vicky fighting her, Amy keeping her at arm's length, Carol trying to find a reason to kick her out and turn her over to the PRT. She stayed.

After just almost a month, Amy has started to accept her, Carol actually bonded with her yesterday and is no longer looking for a reason to get rid of her. And now Vicky is taking fully to the role of older sister to Kitsu, helping with makeup, picking out dresses. Even spying on her first date.

'Though that could be Vicky making up for all the failed attempts at playing matchmaker with Amy, rather than seeing her as a little sister. I'd like to think it's at least a bit of both.'

Hell, last night Carol told me that if Kitsu turned out to be a decent person in a year or two, and if she accepted, they'd adopt her fully.

'Kitsu Dallon, I like that. Maybe I should call Amy and see how she's doing. She's been pulling a lot of hours at the hospital and that can't be good for her. I may have failed to be a proper father to them growing up, but it's not too late to start.'

Picking up my phone again, and opening messages instead of contacts by accident.

'Seriously, make'em different colors already.' I think in exasperation before seeing my most recent message from yesterday. It brings a smile to my face seeing it.

(Take your meds old man! I want you as bright eyed and bushy tailed as me for our shopping trip! XP) -K
.
.
.
.
.
A/N
God, that was. Urgh.
Don't worry, nothing, untoward happens in the next chapter.

Dennis is described as someone who copes with stress and tension by turning everything into a joke, I hope I captured that decently enough. I struggled a bit on how to start the date scene, but I have a more concrete idea of how to write the next chapter.

Kitsu is a romantic, but has zero experience outside of vague, half placed memories that are quickly fading. She's not used to that and sort of short circuits and falls apart. And her estrus cycle is putting a massive pair of rose tinted goggles on everything. And Deans is interpreting her general giddiness and affection as being directed at Dennis.

Also, to every guy ever who complains about prep time. MAKEUP IS HARD! And I hope I managed to give at least a glimpse into how difficult it is.

Also what I learned is most guys prefer their woman to go without makeup. One coworker even said.

"I don't care for it, I wanna see what's really there. It's why my first dates are always at a pool or a lake."

I imagine [Conduit] to be like that skinny guy watching the TV eating popcorn and waiting for a phone call. Only the TV is Kitsus' life.

Also The Butcher feels like a reverse one for all. I see NUMEROUS parallels between MHA and Worm, especially in the quirk awakening and second triggers. No reason for this, I just wanted to point it out.

QUESTIONS!
FOR NEWB:
.
.
.
For KISTU: DancingLeaf, you asked if Kitsu has other foxy people that Kitsu adores, if so have you considered doing impressions of them.

Kitsu: There aren't many Foxes in anime or other series as compared to say, nekos. But in all honesty I kind of take a role of Senko-san towards Amy and Mark. Making sure they feel loved and cherished. I will admit I thought about getting a Senko-san outfit from Parian, but couldn't think of any time I'd actually get to use it. And I just don't have the figure for a lot of the others.
.
As always comment and tell me what you think, just keep it respectful.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Vahzal Haal Rah, Taylor Klatt and 308 others
Newb to the game
Mar 16, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 16
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#128
A/N The Date Part 2. end
Alt title: This is getting out of hand.
I got a lot done mainly because I really wanted to finish the date and move on with the story.
Side note.
I'm dogsitting my dads one year old corgi.
She ate one of my shoes.

-_-

Also, Kitsu is in the Proestrus phase. Or the 'mate seeking' phase. Estrus 'Mating Phase' doesn't occur till either a mate is found, or Proestrus goes on too long. Afterwards it slips into Metestrus where it ends with hormones balancing out.
Dennis really asked her out at the wrong time.
.
KitsuXDennis: You're going to be disappointed.
.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*
.
.
.
.
-Brockton Bay Mall, 11:50 am-




Kitsu POV


Dennis and I are currently in a fish shop, I'm crouched down looking up at the Slider turtles they have in a little aquarium. Dennis is checking out the betta fish a few feet away from me. I decided to come in here because I'm developing more olfactory sensors and need to get used to strong smells. I'm not developing them all at once mind you, that would knock me out from sensory overload. but they're there and will slowly develop over the next month.

Even so, I'm already starting to smell things more clearly.

That and I made an illusion of myself and snuck off to grab a fish. Using my biokinesis to tell exactly how their gills work, I memorized it for later. Just need to practice.

"Huh. Hey Kitsu, did you know that female betta fish can live together? It's only the males that kill each other on site." He says, reading a pamphlet next to the small tanks they have for the fish.

'I did in fact know that already.'

"Dennis, are you trying to hint at something?" I ask with a smirk, looking up towards him.

"What?" He asks, now looking at me.

'Don't look in his eye. Look at his eyebrows.'

"Multiple females in one 'enclosure' one male? Are you trying to ask me something?" I put my arm on my knee and rest my head in my hand.

"I uh, no? Are you trying to ask me something, and hiding it by saying I'm asking you something?" He asks with a blush.

"I'm only asking if you're asking." I say

"Uh, where is this going? Cuz I'm a little lost now. You gotta a map I can borrow?" He says jokingly.

'I'm loving him more and more.'

I make an illusion of myself sitting next to me crisscross and leaning forward with its head in its hands, and have it speak.

"Multiple females." It says in my voice.

His blush deepens greatly at that. Likely thinking of the possibilities of dating someone who can make, Tangible illusions. A harem of Kitsu, lucky him.

When I say they have the durability of reinforced glass, that doesn't mean they have the texture of it.

"Uh, no that's not, I would never um. Are you-" He stutters.

Standing up with a laugh, I dispel the illusion and grab his hand. Pulling him out of the store.

"C'mon, let's check out the lawn and garden store, I wanna check out the gardening section! See what flowers they have!" I say as I drag him.

Pulling him out of the store and towards the escalator to the bottom floor we pass even more people staring at us. Mostly confused and curious looks with only a few glares from the older population.

'Let them stare, they can't have him. He's mine and there's nothing they can do.' I think and nuzzle into him for the umpteenth time. It just feels so right doing so.

'Besides, who's gonna say something? Basic bitch Bethany with no powers and a twitter account?'

I have no delusions over my power. With enough energy stored I'm in contention with the likes of the triumvirate, I could easily take on Alexandria and win. Just knock the bitch underwater, grow gills and hold her there as she drowns.

She can go braindead, I can't. [Conduit] has made so many contingences in my body after I brought up the possibility of me going braindead, it's no longer a concern. Nothing on the level of what Aegis has going on throughout his entire body, but it would take a lot of effort and more than a little creativity to put me out for good.

Sliding up the sleeve of his jacket I nuzzle into his forearm, enjoying the soft bristle feeling of the hairs as I further make it known just who he belongs to. Like this I can also see how his body is functioning with my biokinesis.

'Heh, someone's nervous. Should I~ no, maybe later when we're less, public.' I think deviously.

Like this I can manipulate all biological functions, blood flow included.

Finally reaching the gardening store, I wander alongside Dennis as we look at the various flowers. There's a purple rose, neat.

Enhancing my perception I read the tag as quick as I can.

'Suntory "blue" rose, genetically modified to yada yada. It's PINK! Am I colorblind or something? That rose is not blue.'

"Hey Dennis?" I say, still attached to his arm.

"Hmm?"

"What color is that rose?" I point a finger towards the Suntory.

"Uh, pink? Why? Do you want it? I can buy it for you." He offers up.

Shaking my head I point to the tag.

"Read it."

He turns slightly to get a better look. Mumbling under his breath as he lists of the information.

"Well I guess if you make it, you get to name it." He says.

"Really?" I ask.

'Is that how it works?'

"I can google it. Can I have my arm back, kinda need it seeing as my phone is in that pocket." He says.

"No, it's my arm now." I say and squeeze tighter.

"Please? I'm kinda attached to that arm, it's my dominant one." He tries.

"No, I'm your arm now." I say and reach into his pocket. Finding his phone, while purposely moving my hand around a little too much. I pull it out and hand it to him.

"Got it, my arm now Identifies as a girl. That won't get confusing." He says and types into his phone.

"Actually I identify as a problem, your problem now." I say proudly.

He's not paying attention.

'Come on! That was a good one!'

"Okay, looks like the rules for naming something you discover in the science community are. One, it has to be in Latin letters. Two, it has to be unique. And three, it has to be published publicly." He lists off.

"Wait that's it? I'd thought you'd need a degree or something."

He purses his lips a little and shakes his head. Still looking at his phone instead of me.

"Nope, just gotta find it, name it, and publish it so others know." He shrugs.

That gives me an idea for later practice with my biokinesis.

We wandered around a bit more. Not much of note other than me continuing to nuzzle Dennis and test his patience further.

I made a mental list of plants to grab for later. With enough luck I can convince Amy to help under the guise of making sure I don't create a deadly toxin or anything by accident.

'He's trying so hard, it's like he wants me to pick on him.'

Getting a devious idea, I smile up at him.

"Hey Dennis, do you work out?" I ask.

"Uh, not really." He says with a blush.

"Are you sure?" I reach up and squeeze the side of his bicep. "These had to come from somewhere. They don't just pop up." I say with a grin.

"Maybe I'm just so awesome, muscles want to be on me." He says.

Looking at his arm I'm starting to get that itchy feeling in my teeth again.

'Maybe this has gone far enough? We ate, talked, and had fun. At this point I-'

My heart thumps in my chest at the thought of ending the date here and now. All we really did was eat.

'We still got two hours left. Besides, I'm enjoying myself.'

I squeeze him a little tighter, wanting to be close to him.

"You sure it's not from your, extracurricular, activities." I say.

"You! Right Vicky mentioned that." He says, looking away.

We just stand there for a while, neither of us sure about what to say next.

"For what it's worth, I'm sorry I killed you." I say awkwardly.

"I don't think you killed me per se, just-"

"You were braindead. If you made it to a hospital you'd be in a coma." I finish.

More to it than that but, it gets my point across.

We stand there awkwardly for a few more moments. Before I decide to change the subject.

"C'mon! We got two hours left! Let's check out that amusement area!"




-12:15-




Finding ourselves at the back of the mall. They've got an assortment of various attractions. A mini-Ferris wheel with cabins shaped like hot air balloons, a massive ball pit, a trampoline section, rock wall. And food vendors selling overpriced snacks.

Few games around like ring toss, balloon pop, and others here and there, with a fountain in the middle of the center.

'Maybe some games? Like, no I suck a throwing.'

I really have zero natural athletic ability. Without enhancing anything I could maybe run a few blocks. Lift fifty pounds and jump over a little kid's tricycle. I can't even build any muscle as that would require tearing them apart in the first place.

'Thoughts for later, for now. MINI FERRIS WHEEL!'

Last time I was anywhere near a Ferris wheel. I was on top of it. To be fair, it was on its side already.

Behemoth showed up near a local festival. His arrival had knocked everything over.

"I wanna go in the Ferris wheel." I pull Dennis over to the line.

"Now my arm controls where I go, neat." He says sarcastically.

Standing here waiting. I can't help but just fall in love with him.

'He's just so perfect. Kind, funny, and he likes me!'

Looking forward I see the sign next to the operator.

(5 Dollars per Person)

'Overpriced, like everything not in a shop around here.' I think.

Getting an idea, I turn invisible and let go of Dennis's arm.

He looks down, doesn't see me. And starts looking everywhere.

"What, Kitsu? Where'd-"

"Shh, trust me. Just go and pay for yourself." I cut him off with a whisper.

"But-" He goes to continue.

"Shush, I'm making sure you only pay for one person!" I whisper shout.

"I don't-"

"Excuse me, If you're not going to move, can I have your spot?" A lady asks, walking up with her kid.

"Uh, yeah I'm just waiting for someone." He says.

'IDIOT!'

"Thank you." She says with a nod and steps in front of him.

I return to visibility and glare at him.

"What? I'm not about to cheat this place out of its money. That's like stealing." He whispers.

'Goody two shoes, handsome, sexy, fucker.' I mentally mumble.

"Fine, waste your money." I grumble.

'I was trying to help you save some cash.'

After about fifteen minutes we finally get to the front. A portly man in pinstripe orange shirt under a blue vest. He's smiling but, it's that practiced kind that doesn't convey any real happiness.

"How many? Two? That'll be ten bucks." He asks.

After paying and stepping in, I seat myself on Dennis. He jumps a little at the contact and I can't help but giggle at his blush. I sit back on him, rather than sideways, wrapping my tail close and around the front to rest in my lap to avoid squishing it.

'Come on, get excited! You did earlier!'

"What's the matter?" I ask.

"Uh, nothing, just being a chair again I guess." He states.

"Good, you know your place. Now do what you promised and be the latest model. Talk to me." I say.

"Okay, what do you wanna hear?" He shrugs.

"I wanna know if we can do this again, tomorrow?" I ask hopefully.

"I actually can't tomorrow." He says.

"Why not?" I whine.

"Patrol duty, we still haven't caught Shadow Stalker and Pigot is really riding our asses over it." He explains.

'Keep being a good boy and eventually you'll get to ride me~'

Intrusive thoughts, gotta love'em.

'Wait, so if Shadow Stalker is caught, that'll free him up tomorrow?'

She frequents the docks and uses a crossbow. They make a very distinct sound when fired, well, they do to me at least. All I would have to do is wait around, listen for it. And there she is! There're enough powerlines in the docks to use against her. And no way in hell can she outrun me; I have enough energy to go a full night and then some.

'Well, I figured out my plans for tonight.'

Just about hitting the arc of the Ferris wheel, being able to now see the entire amusement area. Getting an evil idea. I hop up and look out the window.

"What's up?" He asks.

"Just enjoying the view from up here, you can enjoy the view from back there~" I wave my tail around for added effect.

Seeing the control booth from here I make a glass dagger, push the Ferris wheels lever, and then stab it in. Stopping the wheel and shutting it off before dispelling the illusion.

*Krtch*

I smile as the cabin jerks at the sudden stop at the highest point.

'That'll take them at least a little while to fix.'

"What just happened?" He asks.

"Looks like a malfunction, we're stuck here." I say nonchalantly.
"Uh, can't you just jump down?" He asks.

"I would need to break the lock. It's better we just wait." Looking over my shoulder I flash a smirk. "Besides, don't you like spending time with me? We're alone up here, and you've been such a good boy~. I think you deserve a reward."

'MY good boy'

"Huh? What kind of reward are we talking about? Do you do coupon rewards or?" He says nervously.

'He is too cute like this.'

"Hmm, let me think." I say.

I look out the window and lean over, just a bit to rest my elbows and put my head in my hands. Arcing my back down a little and waving my tail while swaying my hips with it.

'A panty flash? No. A kiss? Save it for later. I could get him excited. Sit back down, wiggle around, and give us both a reward. No that's a bit too much. Let him pet my tail? I'll let him choose.'

"Well, what does my good boy want? Does he want a good reward?" I turn around, push off the side of the cabin and stalk towards him. Putting my hands on his knees, keeping my arms straight I lean forward till we are face to face.

That warm feeling from this morning is now a burning feeling. And my teeth ACHE at seeing him, looking at his neck, trailing to his shoulder. A need to do, something, anything with them.

'How would his blood taste if I bit him?' I feel my heart pounding in my chest. 'What kind of face would he make? Would he be into it? Would it push him over the edge, make him shove me down and punish me for hurting him?' I can't help but get excited at the idea. No one can really see us up here, except those on the fourth floor railing and even then, all they would see is our heads.

"Or does he want a bad reward." I finish with a smirk.

'Would he be rough? Try and hurt me in the same way, despite knowing he couldn't? What would his scar look like? To have him leave a mark.' I feel my face heat up at the thought.

"I uh, I don't, Kitsu this is a bit far. I think that's enough." He backs up slightly.

'So cute, he's shy~ I want to mark him, make it clear to any and all who see. HE'S MINE.'

"You say that but. It's your choice Dennis. Good, or bad?" I press.

'If you choose good, well, good boys get treats~' I think and my eyes drift to his lap.

'And bad boys get punished~' I think with a grin. Gazing back up to his shoulder with aching teeth at the thought of punishing him, before apologizing with a treat of course.

He swallows the lump in his throat and goes to talk.

*Ktchrrrrrnnnn*

And the Ferris wheel starts moving once more.

'Must be a backup control panel.' I think with disappointment.

"Oh well, maybe next time." I say and sit down next to him and snuggle up into his arm.




Vicky POV


Okay, after seeing that. I'm starting to see what Dean was talking about. She looked like a starved wolf ready to eat him!

There's puppy love and infatuation. And then there's literally clinging to a guy as though you're a part of him and then all but throwing yourself at him.

'Somethings way off, anymore and she'd had been molesting him. Kitsu is clingy and annoying. But she is not that, that, slutty or sexual! Hell she blushes at the hint of anything provocative and yells when people cuss.'

In any case, there's a fine line between someone acting different for a date and being a different person all together.

"Vicky, I really think we should call it. There is no way this is normal. A person cannot sustain that level of emotion for that long. It doesn't matter which emotion it is. And even then, I really don't believe this is normal behavior. I'm beginning to think she might even be mastered." Dean says.

"Yeah, I'm calling Amy. Something's wrong here. Keep an eye on them. If it's bad enough call the PRT for MS Protocols. Hopefully Kitsu is just messing around." I step away, dialing Amy and getting ready to fly off and grab her.

"Hopefully? I think that might be more concerning, that she would consider this normal behavior." He says with a concerned look.

"If it is a master, then there is someone currently trying, and succeeding, at messing with the mind of a Parahuman capable of leveling a city when motivated. If she is just messing around, then we can just talk to her after this." I really hope it's Kitsu just messing around.

It'll be an awkward talk, but it's better than the alternative.

"Okay, good point." He says, pulling out his phone.

'C'mon Ames pick up.'

Amy may not be willing to mess with brains, but she'll be able to tell if something's off in Kitsus' head.

And knock her out if something is.




Dennis "Clockblocker" POV


Something is wrong here.

She was shy and cute at first. And the nuzzling was honestly endearing. But now she's just plain, not.

'She's someone else entirely. She's still her but, that shyness is slowly being replaced with, I don't even know. Not slutty but, she's acting like she's closer to my age and that we've been dating for months and we're not in public!' Which we very much are!

And that bit in the Ferris wheel a second ago? That popped up almost out of nowhere! She was flushed, panting, flashing her teeth while staring at my neck!

Looking around for a clock I spot one above the dart balloon game.

12:42

'One hour left. Then we go home, cool down. Aaaand I still have patrol with Vergil tonight, damnit.'

It's not that I don't like her, I do. But like a cute little sister sort of love. And she's getting to be a bit much for a first date. And her suggestive teasing was having the opposite effect.

It was fine when it was innocent. Now that it's blatantly deliberate. It only draws attention to her apparent age by making me view her in that light. For one she is now no longer nuzzling, and almost grinding on me. Gowing from rubbing her head against me to rubbing her side against me. Another thing is that she keeps looking at me as though she's trying to figure something out. And then reverts to blushing and nuzzling again.

We're currently walking out of the, now out of order, Ferris wheel.

"I need to use the restroom. You be a good boy and wait at the fountain, okay?" She says.

Finally! A break!

"Sure, you go ahead. I'll meet back up with you." I say.

She walks off, and I head to the fountain and take a seat the edge. Glad for the white noise of the splashing water.

Leaning forward, with my elbows on my knees. I bring my hands up to rub my nose in frustration.

"God damnit. What is happening?" I lament.

She was so cute and shy at first, I actually saw this MAYBE working out. Now I don't even know what to think.

"Dennis?"

Looking up I spot Missy, dressed in a blue sundress with white shoes.

"Missy? What are you doing here? Didn't think you'd like somewhere like this." I say.

She always tries to act the oldest so being in the amusement section of the mall was a bit out of character for her. Ironically enough her attempts at acting older have the opposite effect. Making her seem childish for wanting to grow up.

She turns her head away with a sad, yet frustrated look.

"It was my dad's idea; we were supposed to spend the day together." She says. "He hasn't shown up yet and it's been an hour."

Missy really got the shittiest hand out of all of us when it came to, family, problems.

"Uh, shit. I'm sorry. Do you-"

She cuts me off with a shake of her head.

"It's fine, what are you doing here? Don't you patrol tonight? I'd thought you'd want to catch up on some sleep first." She diverts.

"I'm on a date." I say with a sigh, slapping my knees and standing up.

"Really? Mister single man himself? Who got strong armed into this?" She leans to one side with a laugh.

'Poor some salt in that wound why don'tcha, it could use a little more.' I think bitterly at her tone.

"I did, actually. I didn't want to come but, well I had numerous people pushing me into this. It was honestly going great at first, then she started acting different. Now it's not so great. Scary almost." I confess. Kitsu really did shift towards something else after the food court.

"Oof. Sucks to be you. Well who's the lucky gal?" she says with another laugh.

'You're enjoying this too much.' I think blandly.

"Kitsu." I say simply. "I promised her a date in exchange for curing my dad's cancer."

'She doesn't really need the full details.'

She pauses at that. She goes to say something, then stops, then starts again.

"You understand how wrong that makes you look right?" Missy asks with a raised brow.

"I mean, kinda, but she's, I'unno. Look, it's just supposed to be a one time thing. Why do you care?" I ask.

With a frustrated look she answers.

"I care because said girlfriend is my age, which, kinda creepy dude. And not only that. She literally has the power to punch an endbringers head off! And you're trying to hit that!?" She offers up.

That brings a blush to my face.

"What does it matter? Last I checked you're gunning after Dean, who is also four years older than you! Let me figure this out for myself!" I point out her hypocrisy.

Where is this all coming from? Is she just having a bad day over her dad blowing her off?

"That's different! I know I don't have a chance with Dean. A girl can still dream. But fantasies and reality are two very different thing that shouldn't mix for a reason!" She defends.

"So what? You get to decide who I can and can't date now?" I ask.

"You can have a girlfriend, I'm not saying you can't, that's not my place." She says. "But Kitsu!? In case you forgot, she literally killed you the first time you met! I know I didn't!" She huffs and stomps her foot.

Not quite able to meet her eye, I rub the back of my neck.

"I got better. Besides she didn't mean to." I say in her defense.

"Dennis, is this girl bothering you on our date?" Swinging around I see Kitsu. Eyes sharp and tail still.

'Shit! Good ears, how much did she hear?'

"Uh, Kitsu, this is just-"

"OH! Hi Missy! What are you doing here?" She asks, and her eyes return to ovals while her tail swishes lazily.

"How does she-" Eyes wide and directed at me accusingly

"Thinker rating was confirmed yesterday." I explain.

"Oh, for a second I thought you told her." She shakes her head. "Not the point! This is inappropriate! You could go to jail!"

"Well who would you rather I date, you?" Kitsu says with a mischievous look.

"Huh?" Missy says in utter confusion.

'Perfect time for a record scratch.' I think sarcastically.

Kitsu stalks up to the wide eyed Missy. Looking up at her.

"Are you jealous~" She teases.

"Why would I-"

"You are very cute, if Dennis didn't ask first. You might have had a chance. With those gorgeous green eyes, and those adorable pouty lips. It makes you sooo kissable." She says and presses herself against her in a hug.

Missy's face is starting to match my hair.

'What is going on here?'

"That, I, you. I don't even like girls!" She defends with a stutter.

Kitsu just throws her arms around Missy and stares at her.

"Have you ever tried?" She asks.

'I'm sorry, da fuq?'

She then whispered something in her ear that had her get real quiet. Face burning and eyes wide.

Kitsu nuzzles the side of Missy's face while she gives a quiet 'eep'.

"Or are you trying to steal my Dennis?" I hear her say.

"Kitsu!"

I turn to see Vicky walking up with Dean.

'What's going on?'

"Think about it. Kay? I hope your day gets better." She says to Missy, then kisses her on the cheek and turns to Vicky.

"Kitsu, Amy needs your help at the hospital. There's a patient who's got a brain injury that's messing with any attempt at doing an operation on him." She says quickly.

I notice that tone 'Okay, that's a lie.'

"Can't it wait like, an hour?" She whines.

"It really can't. C'mon, dad's waiting to take us with the car." Vicky persists.

"If it's important, maybe you should go. We still had a full day." I urge her

With a worried, almost betrayed look, she turns to me and then to Vicky.

"Mrrrh, fine. Tell Mark he can stay though, I'll just run there myself." She says then speeds off.

Vicky watches her run off and turns to Dean.

"Okay that bought us maybe a half hour at best." Vicky says.

"Okay what hell is really going on?" I ask.

"Something is wrong, Kitsus' emotional state is, well for one there is no humanly way she should be awake. Her emotions have been running so high all day she should be unconscious from the mental strain alone; we think there's a master effect at work." Dean looks out towards the space Kitsu left as he explains the situation.

'Really?'

"Oh thank God!" I put a hand to my chest in relief.

"What? I thought you liked her?" Vicky said, glaring at me.

"I do, but not like that I was content to play the part of her boyfriend, give her a good day and let her get the crush out of her system. And maybe advance the relationship in a few years if we were still together. Or if she still had a crush on me. Not all of, whatever the fizzity uck all that's been going on since the fish store!" I ramble in a panic.

"Your plan was to date her, to get her over you?" Dean says incredulously.

"NO! Kinda, I don't know?! This is why I never wanted to go on this date! Even if I like her, it's wrong! She's twelve and I'm sixteen. And even then, if that wasn't an issue, I still have absolutely NO clue what I'm doing." I say.

It really sucked too; she is incredibly cute. And the shy teasing act at the beginning was helping me see past her height and age. But there is just something off putting about a twelve year old acting like they're trying to seduce you while looking like they're trying to eat you.

'Mom's not gonna be happy. That's for sure.'

"We don't have time for this, Amy is at the hospital waiting for Kitsu in the lobby. If we're lucky, She'll know what's going on." Vicky says.

"If not?" I couldn't help but ask.

"We, haven't got to that yet, we're thinking of calling in MS protocol but, well we don't want the PRT to make this public." Dean replies.

So a possibly mastered cape with the power to one v one an Endbringer and come out unscathed? Yeah no, that's bad.

"Missy, do you have any ideas?" I ask. Looking to the still blushing Shaker.

"Eep! I uh, what's going on?" Missy actually jumped a little. "I, uh, I need to go!"

She rushes off past us without another word, leaving me very confused.

"What just?" I got to say.

"Don't ask, you don't want to know, and we still need to figure out a plan." Dean interrupts me.

This whole thing was a bad idea from the start.




Kitsu POV


Hopping rooftops, I can't help but be annoyed. I really wanted to finish my date. But if Amy needs me, she needs me. I'm not staining any attempts to help her with her issues by refusing her now just because I couldn't be bothered.

"Should let the guy die, interrupting my date like that."

[Request: Cease Movement]

I stop dead in my tracks and slam gut first into the railing of a tall building. Knocking the wind out of me.

[Conduit] NEVER makes requests.

'Uh, what's up?'

[Request: Data]

'You want me to halt my estrus cycle with my biokinesis, why? Won't that cause issues in my body?'

[Iteration: Only For A Minute]

'Okay, not sure what-'

…

"Wait."

…

"nooooo" I groan.

…

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!"




[Conduit] POV


Host Condition: Distressed
Current Threat To Host: None
Current Threat To Self: None
Results: Situation Humorous




Kitsu POV


"Aaaahaaaahaaaaahaaaaaa!" I take a breath. "Noooooohohohoho."

'I can't believe I did all that! I acted like prostitute sizing up a mark!'

I slump over the railing.

"Why?! Why did this happen?!" I cry.

[Host Emotional State Effected By Estrus Cycle]

"I KNOW THAT! It wasn't supposed to be that bad. Why was it that bad!?"

[Presence Of Perceived Possible Mate Exasperating Symptoms]

'Dennis being around made it worse? How?' I think incredulously.

[Host Perceived Possible Future Reproduction]

'In other words. A hot guy showed up, asked me out and that got me excited enough, for long enough, that my heat responded in kind.'

[Correct]

"Oh god!" I groan and slide down the railing to a seated position. Hands over my face.

"And I offered Missy!"

'I was serious about it too! I even said that if Dennis didn't work out that I would-!'

"I can't even think it!" I cry out.

*Clunk*

The door to the roof opens as a guy with his phone between his shoulder and ear. Smacking a pack a of cigarettes into his hand.

"So yeah, next week is not gonna work-"

"GO BACK INSIDE! TAKE YOUR SMOKE BREAK LATER I'M HAVING A CRISIS!" I yell as I point at him.

With wide eyes he throws his hands up and walks back into the building.

*Click*

After seeing that he's not coming back, I continue my internal rant.

'I can never show my face at school again. I can never go to the mall again. I need to leave Brockton Bay. This is it; plan join New Wave and help everyone past their issues is dead in the water.'

[Current Host State: Distressed; Result: Overreacting]

'[Conduit], let me die, please? It was a nice run but I wanna die now.'

[No]

"Well then what do I do now?!"

[Proposal; Call Victoria/Carol/Mark: Explain Situation: Lock Self In Secure Location]

"You're right, It's not too late right?"

Can't call Carol, she's at work. I'd die of embarrassment if Mark of all people saw me like this.

With shaky hands I pull my phone out and call Vicky.

It takes a moment before she answers.

"Heeeyy Kitsu, h-how are you?" She says suspiciously.

"I'm not on speaker or anything, am I?" I say with a shake in my voice.

…

"You aren't now, what's wrong? You sound like you're about to cry." She asks concerned.

I just might.

"So, um, I was going to say this at dinner tonight, make it a big announcement y'know? But uh, I decided to age!" I say, my hand running through my hair as I feel my hormones start to flood my body again.

"That's great? So, are you?"

"I'm fine, mostly but, I still don't get periods." I can't seem to get the shake out of my voice.

My face is burning from my impending humiliation.

"Okay?"

Taking a deep breath to stop from shaking so much, I continue.

"Promise I'm not on speaker? No one else can hear me?" I ask, rather begged.

"Promise, now what's this about? Does it have anything to do with, earlier?"

'Oh god she knows!'

My stomach twists in agony at the thought and I want to cry at the humiliation.

'Just, get it over with. Like ripping off a band-aid'

"Yes? I, don't get a once a month menstruation, I get a once a year estrus."

There's a bit of a pause before she continues.

"Ooohh! That, that explains a lot." She groans out. "Uh, where are you? Is Amy there? Can I talk to her?"

"Amy isn't here. I'm on a rooftop, somewhere downtown, I'm heading home. I'll probably never leave my room again. Bye." I hang up. Amy will understand just this once.

I take a deep breath.

"Somebody kill me pleeeheeheeeheeeeessse!"




-2 days later, Dallon House, Monday April 5th 2pm-




Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon


You know, just once I'd like to successfully set two people up together. Is that so much to ask?

Amy? Failed multiple times only to find it was because she was in the closet. Kitsu? Turns out she's in heat! Like a dog! And now she's locked herself in her room and won't come out except to use the bathroom and sneak food! She won't even talk to Dad. She propositioned Amy when she tried talking to her. And Mom refuses to do anything. According to her Kitsu is doing the responsible thing and should be left alone.

Any and all chance of setting up another date with her and Dennis is gone.

The knowledge that the only girl to ask him out wasn't in her right mind when showing interest in him on their date had hit him rather hard. Like, I don't see any future where they get together any time soon.

Missy called, was rather cagey and mentioned that she heard Kitsu and Dennis wouldn't be a thing. She had asked if Kitsu was alright and if it was okay to come over.

I told her it Kitsu couldn't talk right now and asked why she wanted to know. She just made some half-assed excuse about homework and hung up.

'Maybe they could? No, first get through this.'

I knock on Kitsus' door.

"Kitsu, It's me, Vicky. Are you alright?"

"Am I dead? Are you dead with me?" She asks.

"No, you are not dead." I say in exasperation.

This is how every conversation has started over the last few days.

"Then I'm not alright! I want to be dead!"

According to her, she got far enough away from everyone that she could think more clearly, had stopped her own estrus to clear her head. And about jumped off the roof she was on in hopes it would at least knock her out.

Not in those exact words, but basically.

"You can't die remember?" I say with a chuckle in my voice.

"We all want things we can't have. For some people it's the girl of their dreams. Others it's a new convertible." She says. Sounding more tired than anything.

I won't lie though. If the situation were different I would've laughed at that.

"C'mon it can't be that bad can it? You've only got what? A day left?"

"Roughly. And it is that bad!" She whines.

'I know, hell the whole house knows.'

Kitsu is not very. Well, if you didn't pass her door, you wouldn't hear anything. However, her room is situated in the hallway between the kitchen and the living room. With the front door being connected to the living room, and the hall to everyone else's rooms being attached to the kitchen.

So you had no choice but to walk past her door if you wanted to get around the house. Unless of course you chose to hop out a window.

'Whoever she ends up with will certainly get an ego boost.'

"Do you need anything? I can get you a pizza?" I offer.

I feel partially responsible for all this. I did kinda help force Dennis to ask her out. And I did it behind Kitsus' back when she was planning to make a big surprise to everyone.

Not that I knew about her surprise, but that's not the point.

Amy found it all hilarious until yesterday when she went in there and to give Kitsu a checkup. Make sure she was doing okay physically.

Amy came out almost an hour later and refuses to say anything about it other than that Kitsu was fine. Just needed to stay away from people she viewed as possible partners.

Which apparently included her.

"A hug?"

"Last time you asked me for a hug you-"

"I know. Just go and let me rot." She groans out.

And me. Yeah, tuns out she bats for both teams.

'I mean, at least she has good taste.'

I just thought she could use a guy in her life, maybe it would mellow her out and get her to leave us alone. That and I thought I could make up for being a massive bitch to her. And finally give Dennis some actually confidence, seriously, he still doesn't realize he's rated as one of the top ten hottest guys in our grade.

Apparently, the only reason her heat cycle was this bad is because a 'willing partner' showed up right at the start and that normally she would just be giddy and affectionate for a few days. Again, partially to blame here.

'Maybe this is a sign that I should stop playing matchmaker.' I think with a sigh and walk away.




Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV


What a shit show.

I had gotten to talk to Kitsu the other day when I went to check on her. Only to find several, I repeat, SEVERAL modifications to her body to even allow an estrus cycle without deforming herself. Almost her entire endocrine system was different than it was a week ago! Mixing and matching in a way that made it an amalgam of human and canid that shouldn't exist but does because it's structured in a very specific way. One that couldn't be replicated naturally.

When I pointed it out she refused to talk at first.

After pushing further, she broke down almost crying, explaining that she could never have a family of her own. That she wanted to grow up but didn't want the possibility of the pain of having a child, raising it, only to outlive it and any possible grandchildren.

So, she robbed herself of ever having the option.

'God that's depressing.'

I asked why she wouldn't talk to Mark. She had said she didn't want him seeing her like this. Not because she saw him as a potential partner. So that was good.

She did however, see ME as a potential partner. Turns out Kitsu is Bi. Good for her at least.

'Heh, every girl in the Dallon house, representing each side, straight, gay, and now we got in-between as well!' I think with a dry humor.

Oh, and the cherry on the cake? She knew about my feelings for Vicky! Because of course she did! Tried to use them to get me to snuggle with her.

Didn't help that her and Vicky share numerous features. Like, they actually look like real sisters if you took away the fox bits. If I didn't know her hormones were running as rampant as they were, making her act unnaturally pushy, I would've slapped her.

'Now I get to deal with a pubescent, sex crazed wasn't the right term. Affection hungry, little girl who keeps switching between wanting to die in embarrassment, wanting someone to comfort her, and wanting said comforter after they displayed enough affection towards her. And then wanting die of embarrassment again.'

And apparently she, makes a scent when she's in heat. I told everyone she just produces pheromones when it's her time of the year. They don't need to know, I wish I didn't.

If someone told me this was happening a week ago, I'd assume they were high.

She wouldn't do anything, too bad, to anyone while in heat, her first instinct was to find someone willing and then 'mark' them.

She figured that out herself, apparently she kept getting the urge to bite Dennis and leave a scar on him after he showed significant interest in her. In her own words her instincts were, find someone, mark them. And she couldn't bring herself to say the next part aloud, but I got a good idea of what came next.

I scanned her brain as well, that's off too. Her olfactory cortex has gotten massively denser and is slowly building itself up and connecting with the rest of her brain. Her prefrontal cortex and parietal cortex are also building more neurons. Allowing for more efficient and faster travel of neurotransmitters between the two.

Her amygdala is structured differently too, couldn't say how, I only got the time to notice it was different from before when she started going from hugging, to nuzzling and well, she likes my figure, I'll leave it at that. She backed off when I told her no, but was still rather pushy and insistent, constantly returning to the subject.

The longer she was around someone of interest to her, the more her hormones rose. And that list included me.

That's when I left.

'Maybe Vicky will take this as a hint and stop playing matchmaker, she sucks at it.'




-Tuesday, April 6th, 8am-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


She won't talk to Mark, so it falls to me.

'Well, Mark asked me to.'

Standing in front of Kitsus' door I can't help but feel bad for the kid.

She finally decides to grow up, and her Case 53 aspect fucks over her first date. Her estrus should be over by now and she still hasn't left her room.

Vicky had been conspiring with Dennis's mother to set the two up. And it landed right on day one of her new yearly cycle. Turning a first date, what should normally be either an awkward or enjoyable memory, into one so full of regret it'll probably haunt her for the rest of her life.

Not that I think it would work out, even though yesterday I managed to get the paperwork edited before it was finalized, changing her official age from 11, to 11-14 citing unusual and extenuating circumstance. The age difference is still a massive issue, if someone said something a case could be made, not that it would go anywhere seeing as it's a very grey area, but the scandal could ruin lives if made public. Not to mention I would be required to take a side, and public opinion would roast my tits either way.

'Talk about a comedy of errors.' I think sardonically. 'Honestly Vicky, what were you thinking?'

"Kitsu, are you up? You're late for school! Is your cycle still going?" Might as well be blunt about it. Nothing gets done with Kitsu if you try and dance around. She had a talent for banter that left others spinning.

"No."

"No what? No, you won't go to school? Or no your cycle isn't still going?"

"Yes."

'This is going nowhere.'

"I'm opening the door. You better be dressed!"

Doing so I'm assaulted with a sweet earthy smell, Kitsu apparently produces pheromones when in heat according to Amy. They don't do anything other than produce an aroma when in a confined space. It's not unpleasant and I would have thought it the result of a scented candle otherwise, but still.

Walking over over to the lump under the covers on her bed I sit next to her.

"You can't stay in here forever." I say, folding my arms across my chest.
"Watch me." She mumbles from under the blanket.

"You're being dramatic." I say.

"I was about to bite him! And after that I would've, MMMMRRRRRRMMM!" She squirms under the blanket.

'Looks like I'm calling off work today.'

"But you didn't, and the moment you started thinking straight, you did the responsible thing, let someone know, and took yourself out of the situation where it's an issue." I reassure her, rubbing her back through the blanket.

"I actually liked him, not so much as a crush but, maybe there could've been something." She says in a small voice.

'Boy troubles, at least this is something I can handle.'

"Maybe." I say lightly. "But no one ever knows for sure, not even precogs such as yourself."

Bit of a surprise to find that Kitsu really was a thinker, Vicky told me, she wasn't fully aware of it, having it for so long that it's just second nature to her, so she never felt the need to mention it. According to her, she can't control what she 'remembers'.

"Mrm. I know that, but after how I acted? I can't look him, Missy, Vicky, Amy, or anyone else in the face again!" She says and slams her head down to the mattress in a vain attempt to disappear into it.

"What do Amy and Vicky have to do with this? And who's Missy?" I ask.

She tenses under the blanket before poking her head out just enough to look at me.

"Missy is, a girl, I ran into at the mall. And I, may have, hit on Amy when she checked up on me." She says and looks away from my eyes.

'Bisexual confirmed then, or was it just the estrus making her target anything with a pulse? Doesn't matter.'

"And Vicky?" I ask.

She slinks her head back down under the blanket.

"Her too." She groans.

That made things a bit more complicated. For one, Vicky is my actual daughter, two she's straight, and three, she's in a relationship already. Most of the time.

'Conversation for later. Focus on getting the fox up first.'
"And everyone else?"

She doesn't answer and just groans again. I stand up and address her once more.

"Right, c'mon, get up. I know what you've been doing in here the last three days, and you need a shower and to clean your sheets if nothing else." I say.

"What?!" Her voice cracks as she shoots her head out of the blanket. Sitting up with it still bundled around her.

"Kitsu, I'll say it now so that it doesn't become an issue later but. You need to learn to be quieter." I say, ripping of the embarrassing band aid.

Her face goes absolutely beet red and her ears fall flat. Before she slumps back over. Throwing a pillow over her face.

"Aaaahaaaahaaaaa." She whines out. "Just kill me please!"

'Once again with the theatrics.' I think with a roll of my eyes. Vicky was just like this when she had a wardrobe malfunction in middle school.

'Though a handful of people seeing your bra through a sweat soaked shirt isn't as bad as nearly molesting a guy and going as far as to sabotage a Ferris wheel to do it.'

I'll make sure she pays for the damages through an anonymous donation.

"Alright enough of that, you'll get over it." I say and reach down to grab her blanket. "Now come on. You've been in here long enough."

"No! WAIT!" She shouts as I toss the blanket off.

Seeing more skin, I immediately turn around and walk to the door before I see too much more of her. It's nothing I haven't seen before, being a mother and all, but she doesn't need to be humiliated further than she feels she already is.

"Put a towel on and get a shower. After that get dressed and meet me in the living room. We can, play games with Mark or something." I say and close the door.

'When did I get so soft?'
.
.
.
Bonus
.
.
.
.
.
Missy "Vista" Biron POV
.
Laying stomach down on my bed, staring at my phone I couldn't hope but agonize over what Kitsu said.

'Was she being serious? Did she really find me that attractive?' I think in a mix of confusion and elation.

'I mean, it was flattering. But I like guys! Not girls. Though I never really thought about girls like that before, so maybe? Maybe I just didn't find the right one or put enough thought into it and so I default to guys because that feels natural?'

"Oh, why did she have to say anything?" I whine. "I could've stayed content with myself."

Now I'm confused, do I really like guys only? Or is it because I just never gave it any thought?

'Maybe I could give it a shot? We're the same age so it'd make more sense. It would just be a harmless little venture to figure things out. And her date with Dennis ended badly enough that he won't talk about it, only saying that him and Kitsu won't happen anytime soon, if ever.'

"Hrrrmmmm." I grumble and kick my feet against the blanket. "I wish I had her number at least, then we could text or something."

I tried calling Vicky, but she won't give me any details and says Kitsu can't talk to anyone for the time being. Did the date really end that badly? Would it be wrong to try and ask someone out just after?

'I mean, she could at least use a friend, right? She might have killed Dennis, but looking back at it the whole mess was just mix of errors on all sides. Besides, like he said, he got better! And Kitsu was the one to bring him back, so at least she's accountable.'

That was always a good thing. It wouldn't be wrong to start out as friends at least.

'And I did find her to be cute. Does that make me bisexual? Can a girl like another girl's looks without it being sexual or romantic? What is it that one kid in gym said? Everyone's a little gay? Does that apply here?'

I tried taking a quiz online to determine if I was Bi or not, only for the link to say that if I was seriously taking a quiz over it, then I probably am.

I wish I had some to talk to about this. Mom would just make it about herself, and dad would try and use the fact that I confided in him rather than mom against her. Which would lead to another back and forth with me caught in the middle. Again.

"MMMMRRRRRM AGH! Why can't this stuff ever be simple!?"

"It'd be simpler if you paid more attention in class!" Her mom shouted from across the house.

Trust my entitled bitch of a mother to always throw in her two cents, even when she had NO clue what was going on.

Really quick I type in my phone the legal age to be emancipated. And groan as the answer comes up.

'Two more years left. Maybe I could be a ward of the state?'

Googling that I get even more frustrated.

Turning my thoughts back to my current dilemma.

'I could always meet her in costume?' I think anxiously. 'Talk to her then? See if we have anything in common? It's not wrong that I'm curious.'

I'd been meaning to get more patrol shifts anyway.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus
Kitsus' bio plans.
This is just what she wants to do, not that any of it will happen.

Plants

Rose- make an actual blue rose. Name it something silly.

Sandbox tree- Small pumpkins go BOOM!

Manchineel tree- Acid. Nuff said.

Venus fly trap- just wants to see its biology. Maybe make it so they have multicolored mouths. And give it a ridiculous name.

Banana- wants to see if it's possible to make it so they reproduce sexually instead of asexually so that there can be multiple kinds of banana through genetic recombination.

Watermelon- wants to see if it's possible to make it spicy, really mess with people.

Peppers- REALLY mess with people.

Bamboo- wants to see if it's possible to make them sturdier. Like steel. So you can grow steel out of the ground. Just an idle thought.

Blue Bells- wants to make them Bioluminescent. Decorate her room.

Wheat- end world hunger, maybe.

Moss and mold- create antibiotics. Market them maybe. Or give to PanPan as a gift.

Corteceps fungi- *Insert Evil Laughter here* March my army of ants, MARCH!


Animals

Porcupine- obvious

Bat- their immune systems are insane, see if it can be replicated into a person. Market it.

Poison dart frog- replicate through own skin. Synergize with porcupine quills for offense.

Spider- recreate spinnerets. market the silk.

Pit viper- heat sensing and chemical tracer venom stuff.

Mantis shrimp- see what those eyes do. And maybe see if replicating their hydraulics is feasible.

Cuttlefish- market the ability for others to change color. Or make so she can do so without the itchy or burning feeling.

Other Parahumans
Aegis- see if anything he has going on can be replicated in others.

Newter- find a neutralizer and neuter his bodies drugs. Sell it to him in exchange for said drugs and use them for pranks.

Bonesaw- who knows what she might find.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N So yeah, Kitsu really underestimated how bad estrus would affect her, in case it wasn't obvious.
I thought about a whole scene where they would have to chase down and restrain Kitsu, but then I realized that narratively wouldn't make any sense. For one, running is what Kitsu does best. The only time she was caught slipping was against Permafrost, and that was because of a combination of overconfidence, poor judgement, being caught off guard, and facing a hard counter to herself.
Another BIG thing is that there is no way in hell [Conduit] wouldn't try to help Kitsu when given a chance. [Conduit]'s priorities are.

Survive
Keep Kitsu safe, Kitsu dying would send [Conduit] into the network. Gaining Scions attention so it ties into 1
Amusement/Data on power usage, which Kitsu provides, tying all three priorities together.

Not only that. But [Conduit] genuinely likes Kitsu. In the same vein that [Queen Administrator] likes Taylor.

As [Conduit] sees it. Their survival is dependent on Kitsu either escaping earth and getting far enough away from Scions network, not likely given all circumstances. Or failing that, Kitsu somehow assisting in Scions death. Which is VERY possible seeing as that Scions stilling powers wouldn't fully work on [Conduit] due to them being coded fundamentally different from other shards on the network. The illusions and such could be stopped as that is wavelength based, but everything else would stay. Not that punching him hard would do much, but still, it would be a stalemate till he decided to just stop playing suicide soldier and yoink [Conduit]. And even then [Conduit] can resist to a point.

And Kitsu's Immortality is a 'Perfect' power. Just tossing that out there. It can't be turned off in any way shape or form so long as [Conduit] is there.

To clear the air, when Kitsu was first on the date, that was her all the way, even the part where she fantasized about Dennis and her making out. The moment when her thoughts turned possessive is when her heat started kicking up and affecting her mentally.
She is naturally shy and nervous when it comes to romance, she just falls apart at that sort of attention. She knows she's cute, but doesn't think she's desirable. So she lacks confidence in that area.
Sarah2cold nailed it with her comment. Kitsu was not in her right mind, and really the heat trope can be funny, but it can also be likened to someone being ruffied, which isn't funny.
Most of the time.
My cousin ruffied himself to see what it was like once. That was pretty hilarious.

(NOTE FROM 7 MONTHS LATER AFTER THE INITIAL CREATION OF THIS CHAPTER)
That cousin? He's been disowned. In 3 years he:
Had 17 different jobs
8 different cars, one of which he bought on my grandma's credit, promised to pay off, totaled it while driving drunk after 5 days. And then refused to pay her for the car because "I'm not gonna pay for something I don't have"
When our grandparents started demanding rent after he lived there for 2 years rent free he started bumming at my moms house. After a week she started demanding he do chores. A month later come to find out he was just taking credit for the chores I was doing. He left after that.
Was growing mushrooms in our grandparents basement while our grandpa is the sheriff deputy of the town they live in. And when my grandpa found the mushrooms he called him over it and he said. "Don't get rid of them! They're almost done! In a few more months I'll be able to pay my rent!"
My granpa got a SWAT team to remove them. And there was enough for 5 felony charges.
He was kicked out after that.
Oh, and those mushrooms? He was selling to highschool kids. And kept trying to sell to my little brother who was 16!
He got banned from every schnucks in Illinois. Don't ask.
Our uncle died. And despite our uncle spending 2 of the last 3 years of his life trying to help him. Even cleaning his puke of him one time. He wouldn't show up to the funeral.
"Everyone there already doesn't like me. So what's the point in going?" he said.
Our grandma died this Thanksgiving. I tried to call him. He blocked me because I wouldn't just text him. And yeah, he wouldn't go to the funeral. That woman spent the last 4 years of her life trying to help him get his life on track.

And those are just the highlights!




FUN FACT! Foxes mate for life, well, males do at least. A female will stay loyal so long as her mate is alive, after they're gone, she seeks out another. The Males on the other hand, once they mate, that's it. The female could die, and the male will almost never seek out another mate for the rest of its life.

I tried to replicate this in Kitsus' heat. She wouldn't do anything too serious or irreparable without commitment and consent.

Sorry Dennis x Kitsu shippers. But it wasn't going to happen, Dennis was heavily coerced into the date and Kitsu only had a passing interest in him to begin with.
Last edited: Mar 17, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Vahzal Haal Rah, Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt and 326 others
Newb to the game
Mar 16, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 17
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#131
A/N Lazy day in.
Alt title: Kitsu needs a day off.
.
This chapter is a less serious one featuring a little exposition and more bonding between Kitsu and Carol. Mostly to wind down from the previous two chapters and set up the rest of the story to get back to how it was.
Also it's to set up the next chapter.
.
And yeah, the intention with the last two chapters was to vent my personal feelings over the heat trope and how I feel numerous people gloss over the many issues it brings when done wrong. In the first chapter it was cute with darker undertones. In the second it was blatantly wrong.

It was stated at the beginning that Dennis had no intentions with Kitsu. He was heavily coerced into the date while trying to get out of it at every turn. When the date happened he was like. "Damn, here I am. Might as well make the best of it instead of whining about it anymore."

His intentions were to be her pretend boyfriend. That's why her acting all shy and innocent helped him get through it. It helped him see it as playing house.

One of my coworkers read the two chapters and said.
"You traumatized him! Why? Why did you have to do my man Clockblocker like that? He has a funny name."
.
Also, I made a mistake.
For canids the stages of estrus are Proestrus, estrus, diestrus, anestrus.
Bovines are Proestrus, estrus, metestrus, diestrus.
Oops.
.
KitsuXDennis: not really sorry for you.




.
.
.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*
.
.
.
.
.
-Tuesday, April 6th, 9am-




Kitsu POV


*Smack*

"Ow."

*Smack*

"Ow."

*Smack*

"What the hell are you doing in there!?" Carol says from the other side of the bathroom door.

I'm currently in the shower, hugging my knees and banging my head into the wall.

"I'm trying to give myself amnesia!" I shout over the sound of water hitting me.

"Well knock it off! I don't need you denting the wall!"

'I should have told someone I was entering an estrus beforehand.' I think in hindsight. 'That would've prevented everything!'

I wanted it to be a big surprise. But then Dennis showed up and I sort of just drew a blank.

Then one thing led to another. I was enjoying myself. Then all that happened.

[Conduit] snapped me out of it. I locked myself away and tried to cut off contact. Except only Carol and Mark were content to leave me alone. Vicky wouldn't and Amy felt the need to see if I was okay. And Vicky's aura was helping NOTHING!

Amy, well, she was scanning my brain and I have no idea whether or not scanning my Corona Gemma would lead [Shaper] to [Conduit]. So I, improvised a way to get her to stop.

And to top it all off? Apparently I'm rather, vocal. Enough so that Carol had to say something!

Turns out enhanced ears aren't good at determining what's a good level of quiet.

'Why me?'

*Smack*

"Kitsu! One more time and I will come in there!"

I don't even have much energy left. I've mentioned it before, but I can't store energy indefinitely. My body temp will rise to a warm average of 101 Fahrenheit and slowly dissipate the energy through that. I have enough to throw out a few illusions or speed my way halfway across the city, once.

So here I am, using up all the hot water for what little energy it gives. I'll probably have Vicky hit me a few times. Or get Carol to launch a few light spears at me.

'I could make everyone forget with my biokinesis.'

I shake the thought from my head as soon as it pops up.

'No, it's best to just bite the bullet in this case. Besides, I don't even know how to erase memories.'

Turning off the now cold water I step out to brush and dry off.




-10 am-




Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV


Sitting in the living room recliner with Carol sitting on the couch seat closest to me. Ready for a day in with Kitsu.

We agreed that after all that happened this weekend that Kitsu could use a sort of mental health day.

I watch as Kitsu steps out from the hall in an oversized white jacket with a purple trim and hood. Her hair's purple and she's wearing white d-pad hairclips on her head just under her ears.

'At least she still cares enough to dress up.' I think hopefully.

With a look stuck between tired and miserable. Ears lazily flat to the sides and tail dragging behind her. She slumps over to the couch.

*Poomf*

And promptly face plants into the cushion. She doesn't even make it fully, with only her upper body landing on the couch.

And now she's sliding down and slumps to the floor.

"Hey Kiddo, feeling better?" I ask. Hoping to break some tension.

Carol gives me a squinted look that screams 'What do you think dumbass?'

Kitsu, for her part, just groans into the floor. Her tail slapping up and back into the floor once before going limp again.

Carol stands and goes to lift Kitsu up.

"That's enough of that, get up here."

She picks her up only to hold her up in surprise.

"How are you so light? You eat all the time." Carol asks in confusion.

"I don't really turn most food I consume into nutrients, it gets turned straight into energy that I store. It's one of the more inefficient ways I gain energy to use my powers. I only retain enough nutrients to ensure my body can function, I'll require more soon, seeing as I'll start growing again." She lists off robotically. Just hanging limply as Carol holds up her by her armpits.

'Is that why she's so small?' I think, but don't dare to say.

I know her size can be a touchy subject for her at times.

"Right. Well, sit." She says as she sets her down on the couch.

Seeing her stay put and not slide off again, Carol sits back down.

Only for Kitsu to plop to the side and set her head on Carols lap.

"Seriously? You had to wait for me to sit down?" Carol deadpans.

"Didn't want you to sit on me." Kitsu says.

"That's not the, you know what? Never mind, just know that when I get up you either move, or you get tossed." Carol says. Giving in to being a pillow for the girl.

"Kay."

I take that as my queue to talk.

"So what do you want to watch? I'm not feeling in the mood for anything in particular so why don't you decide." I say.

"Let Carol pick." She drones out.

"If I pick, we're watching a documentary." Carol replies.

"Mm."

At least she's out of her room. I was worried she would stay in there for a week longer at least. I, don't have any experience in cheering kids up. I wasn't all that present for Vicky or Amy growing up so I don't know how to deal with this.

So I asked Carol. Like usual.

"Mark?" Kitsu says.

"Hmm? You need something sweetie?" I ask.

"Did you forget your medicine again?" She asks.

'Shit. I did.' I realize.

"That I did." I say with a sigh. "How could you tell?"

'I didn't think I was acting too different.'

"You take your meds with coffee. I can't smell any coffee coming from you and I know you woke up not too long ago." She explains plainly.

That was new.

"Since when did you have super smell?" Carol asks.

"Since I decided to age finally. It's part of my natural development. Don't distract me, Mark, medicine." She says, pointing to the hallway without looking.

'Even depressed herself she still looks out for me.'

"Yeah, yeah. I'm going." I get up and head to Carol and I's room.

Thought about making a comment about not biting my head off but thought better of it. Considering what she told Carol about her instincts and what they made her want to do during her, date.

Walking into the room and getting into the nightstand. I notice I only have eight pills left.

"Need to call the psychiatrist soon." I mumble to myself.

Taking one in hand I head back to the kitchen. Hoping Amy left some on the hot plate, burner, whatever the part on a coffee pot that heats up the coffee is called.

She's the only other one who drinks coffee in this house. Carol and Vicky prefer tea. And Kitsu-

'I actually don't know what Kitsu prefers. I think it might be juice.'

Reaching the kitchen I see she did leave some. Only it's cold.

"Oh well, I'm in no rush." I flip the switch and wait.

Finally getting my coffee and mixing it with creamer and sugar I take my meds. I could just drink water but that doesn't get rid of the powdery after taste.

Walking back into the living room I'm greeted with a rather pleasant sight.

I lean on the archway to the hall, folding my arms and just watch with a contented smile.

Kitsu is absorbed into a documentary about medical science during the renaissance, resting her head in her arms on Carols lap. While Carol is rubbing head and back comfortingly.

It's actually rather heartwarming. Seeing Carol and Kitsu like this. Brings a genuine smile to my face.

"Mark, I know you're over there. If I look over and see that smug look of yours, I'll make good on my promise of throwing Kitsu." Carol says.

I quickly turn around and face the wall of the hallway.

"Don't bring me into your marital dispute. I'm just an innocent bystander here." Kitsu says.

"I need to throw something. And it's either you or the coffee table. You're closer and don't break." Carol replies.

"You could just, not threaten your loving husband with violence. That's always an option." I say, still staring at the wall. Unable to get rid of my smile.

"One, how else would I remind you who's in charge of this house? Two, you little girl are far from being innocent, or a bystander. Don't forget I saw your rap sheet." She points out.

"Wasn't that expunged due to my age?" Kitsu asks.

'Among other factors.' I think.

"Doesn't change the fact that it happened." Carol says.

"Okay, most of that was just me trying to survive." She defends herself.

"And that one account of grand theft auto?" Carol questions.

I can picture the raised eyebrow.

"Heh, that was a fun weekend." Kitsu chuckles.

"I'm scared to ask. But I'm also genuinely curious." I say.

I turn around and head back to the recliner, now that I was sure I was safe from the possible flying debris of hurricane Carol.

She'd never actually follow through on her threats, but it was a fun little game of back and forth we played.

Kitsu shakes her head a little.

"You don't wanna know, and I'd rather not say." She says plainly.

Accepting that I wouldn't be regaled with the tale of grand theft fox. I sit down and watch the documentary with them in relative silence.

'People really thought smells were what caused disease?'




-? Chicago 11 AM-




Wade "Communication Guru" POV


'Delete that, scrub that, aaaaaaand, DONE!'

"She owes me for this." I say to no one in particular.

Sitting in my dark control room, lit up only by the screens of various computers, I contemplate the last few days' worth of work I just did

Kitsu still hasn't figured out that the phone I gave her has a biometric scanner in it keeping track of her functions. So when the scanner program lit up like a Christmas tree, I checked in and watched in astonishment as her biometrics rearranged themselves. Dropped my smoothie at the way my Thinker power was going haywire at what I was seeing.

Then the next day came, I was going to call and ask her what happened after I recovered from the massive headache I got from all the unique data.

But Kim needed help, so I had to leave an automated program to monitor it and comprise the information for me later. I hate doing that, nothing beats seeing the data in real time.

'Estrus cycle huh?' I think in slight interest as I sip my smoothie.

It's nothing creepy, I just can't have what I considered one of my only friends getting in danger without me knowing. Last time, I hacked my way into a phone call with Carol Dallon. I used an algorithm to mask my voice as Dragon's and warned her of the hospital.

Today? Just removed the last of the online evidence of Kitsus', date. Some of it still got out there, and it was a MASSIVE task to hack PHO without Dragon interfering. But nothing stayed on for more than a few minutes, half an hour at most. Using the PHO handles that posted to hack into phones and delete the files seamlessly from there.

She still caught me. I just explained why I was doing it and she let it slide, just this once, and under her oversight to ensure that protecting Kitsus' privacy was all I was doing. She is surprisingly agreeable. Especially when it comes to Kitsu. Probably feels guilty over what happened at the Boston PRT.

They really need to update their servers. Armstrong is lucky he's a decent guy, otherwise I'd have blackmailed him with the whole, 'Make it look like someone hacked our security.' stunt. The conversation with Dragon was still logged.

There's more than likely still evidence, closed off servers in the malls security system, people who recorded or logged it without posting online, the works. But if they decide to post it in the future, I have a smart V.I. program running that'll delete it and crash their device, wiping the data.

*RING*

Sliding over to the other computer, I switch it on.

"Wade, I got a sitch." Kim says on the screen.

"Well, tell me what I can do for my favorite Chicago Ward."

I may be freelance. But Myrddin keeps me on a payroll for the Chicago PRT. Two percent of his own paycheck in exchange for my unlimited services. Doesn't seem like a lot till you take into account just how much he makes as the head of the Chicago PRT.




-Dallon House 12pm-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


With the documentary on the, questionable, medical practices of the sixteen hundreds. I notice Kitsu, isn't as warm as she normally is.

She explained before that the energy she stores gets released through her body heat, so I can only assume she's tapped out.

"Alright, what's next?" I ask, patting her back.

"Mmhhmmn, animals." She says tiredly.

Looking down I notice her ears are completely relaxed to the sides, twitching at every other sound and tail still completely limp. Only occasionally swaying to the side.

'Is she sick? She mentioned before that she can get sick. It just doesn't last long. Maybe she's just worn out?'

"What kind?" I ask.

"Doesn't matter." She says and scoots herself further into my lap with a yawn. Now having her head and shoulders resting on me.

"You know I'm not a pillow right?" I say, slightly irritated.

"Are you sure? You're very good at it." She says tiredly.

"Pfft, she's not wrong honey. I can verify." Mark chimes in.

'He's so much better on his meds.' I think.

"Can verify what exactly? Because I know you're not about to objectify me by comparing me to pillow." I shoot him an exaggerated glare.

"No, course not." He says in an equally exaggerated tone.

"Pillows aren't as warm." Kitsu says and turns around to face my stomach. "And they don't comfort you. You're better than a pillow." She says as she closes her eyes.

"Aren't you the one who said I was a good pillow in the first place?" I ask.

She nods her head, or snuggles into me further. Probably both.

"The best pillow. Never leave me." She says softly. "Please, don't wanna be alone." She mumbles.

Neither me nor Mark seem to know how to respond to that. So, we stayed quiet for a while.

"Don't worry." I say eventually while scratching her head. "We won't."

…

She's asleep.




-Downtown southeast side 1pm-




Virgil "Static Shock" Hawkins POV


Hopping off the bus and heading in towards my aunts house I can't help but feel bad for Dennis.

Man gets his first date, turns out the girl was busted in the head whole time he was with her.

'Man, that's just gotta suck.'

Dennis really doesn't want to talk about it. Our patrol together was filled with an odd silence that, with Dennis, never happens.

Vicks gave the whole story when I asked at school yesterday. Made me promise not to spread it around. Only told me cuz I was there for it at the beginning and didn't want me draw'n up the wrong conclusion, seeing as no one's heard from Kitsu since.

Walking up the old stairs to the apartment complex I find myself thinking to why I was in Brockton to begin with.

Maureen.

The one I couldn't help. She had been getting help, and then out of nowhere ducked out on everything.

'Now she's got a Kill Order on her head.' I think glumly.

She had killed a lot of people in the attack on the hospital with the Merchants. Even managed to take out the Endstopper Child while at it. Something no one else has managed.

'That got the higher ups spooked more than anything.'

Maureen was the whole reason I was here. That and with Dakota cleaned up, I figured somewhere else could use my help.

My pops only let me stay in the bay cuz we got family here. My old man had a long talk with Aunt Janine and she agreed to put me up under one condition.

Don't let my cousins know I'mma cape.

So the story is I go to Arcadia and have vocational work with the local cops. The easiest lie is the one mixed with truth and all that.

Stepping inside the apartment with a brown carpet floor and beige walls, I see Aunt Janine, once again, on her feet doing something. In this case, vacuuming the house.

"Aunty I told you, I'll do the chores when I'm off school and vocation work." I say, tossing my bag onto the coat rack.

She looks up and smiles with tired eyes. She already works two jobs and has three kids. Terry is struggle'n to find a job while Callista is only two.

And the less said about the middle child the better.
"Oh! Vergil sweetie, I forgot you don't work on Tuesday afternoons." She says, turning off the vacuum cleaner.

"Sure, just like ya forgot the six Tuesdays." I give a good-natured jab. "C'mon, let me handle that, yer overworked nuff as it is." I say and take the vacuum from her.

I do patrol Tuesday nights with Carlos.

"You know how it is sweetie, I'm just so used to it not getting done if I don't do it." She says and sits down on the couch.

"Well where's Terry?! Ain't he around to help?!" I ask over the sound of the vacuum.

"He's got an interview today!" She says happily.

"Fer real?! What's the job?!" I ask, pausing the vacuum to move the coffee table.

She sighs and looks away before answering.

"Grocery store cashier." She says dejectedly.

"Hey, that's still better'n nuthin! If he works good enough he could move up the ladder! We all gotta start somewhere right?" I try an cheer her up.

Terry's a good guy, just a little slow. He don't do interviews well. He was good at his last job, gas station stocker. Before he quit without having another job lined up. Crappy coworkers an all that according to him.

"I know sweetie, but I'm his mother and while I want to hope for the best. This is the sixth interview this month. I have to be real." She continues tiredly.

Having finished moving the coffee table I grab the vacuum and continue.

Before someone walks through the door, book bag in hand, staring at her phone.

"Sophia! I thought you still had school!" Aunt Janine shouts over the vacuum.

I go ahead and turn it off.

"Ditched out, just English and Social Studies anyway." She looks and sees me. "Fucking course' the nerd's here. Don't you need to get some donuts for the pigs or something?"

"You've said that one before, come up with sumthin new." I deadpan.

In response she just flips me off. Before heading to her room.

'Hard to believe she's related to Aunty.' I think to myself. Wondering how such a dedicated and kind woman, could produce someone so not.

"Where did I go wrong with her?" Aunty sighs. "How did Robby go so right with you Virgil?"

"Almost didn't go right." I say under my breath. Remembering Wade's crew.




-Dallon house 1:30pm-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


My legs are numb.
Kitsu had fallen asleep a bit ago, and I didn't have the heart to move her after I what she said before clocking out. While asleep she just wrapped herself around my arms and continued to snuggle into me. And every attempt to move her ended with her clinging to me harder. Now she's sitting in my lap resting against me as I managed to get my arm back without waking her.

The last few days must have left her mentally and emotionally exhausted.

So I'm just sat here, watching a documentary on elephants. Slowly losing more and more feeling in my legs.

"Mark?" I whisper, not wanting to wake the depressed gremlin.

Her ears twitch but nothing else.

"Yes honey?" He ask with a smug tone.

"First, wipe the grin off your face before I smack it off." I threaten.

"Wouldn't that wake Kitsu up?" He replies smugly.

"I'll find a way, can you go check to see if she cleaned her sheets like I asked her to? I'll stay with her till she wakes up. Then she goes to sleep in her own bed." I ask him.

"Mmn." Kitsu rouses slightly before smacking her lips and curling up slightly.

I can actually see her hair slowly turning back to its normal golden blonde the longer she sleeps.

"Sure thing, I'll be right back." He says as he gets up.

Leaving me to my thoughts as I stare down at the little girl. Blissfully sleeping away with little care in the world.

'Other than recent events that is.'

She really should have let someone know what she was planning. But according to her it wasn't supposed to get that bad at all. All that was supposed to happen was her getting more affectionate for a few days, then a day where she comes down from it before returning to normal. Dennis showing up and asking her out set up a chain reaction that spiraled out of control. Poor kid just fell apart at a cute boy showing her attention and everything just slipped her mind.

Stroking her hair as she nuzzles me in her sleep, I can't help but remember when Vicky was like this. The last we were like this was, five? Six years ago? I'm finding myself missing those days more and more lately. Wishing Vicky was as affectionate as Kitsu.

Once she hit eleven it was all boys no toys. And once she started dating Dean she drifted further. Confiding in Amy or Dean rather than me and Mark. Not that I hold any resentment towards Dean, he's a good kid.

Then she got powers and that was it. She doesn't need us anymore. Doesn't ask for rides, sometimes asksbfor advice, hardly lets us know where she's going most days and handles her issues herself.

We still talk and have dinner as a family, and if I ask her, she'll tell me about her day. But Mark wasn't all there for her growing up, so the connection is just not. And I'm too busy at the firm and managing much of New Wave most days. Sarah may be the face, but I handle all the logistics.

'Speaking of which, we still need to talk to Kitsu about her place in New Wave. Public appearances, merchandise, charity events and all that.' I think idly. 'Her color will probably be pink.'

A topic for another time.

Now that she's decided to age, will she be the same? Will we be pushed to the side of her life as she grows up and runs off? For some reason, I just can't see that happening. She goes out of her way to spend time with us. I don't think that would change, even if she found another person to spend her life with. I think Kitsu is more afraid of us forgetting about her. She showed up and when Mark didn't kick her out right away, she kind of just, kept coming back like a lost puppy that had just been given food.

We really are the only family she has.

I'm stopped from my inner monologue as Mark turns the corner.

"She did, but they were still in the wash. I switched'em to the dryer but it'll still take about an hour." He says quietly.

'Listens better than Vicky did at her age at least.'

"What about the spares?" I ask in a hushed tone. Resisting the urge to sneeze as one of her ears flicked up.

Mark just cocks eyebrow.

"Carol, those were the spares." He reminds me.

Right, I forgot we essentially tossed her into the guest room with the spare blanket and sheets meant for visitors.

"Fuck it, I'll put her in our room for now." I say.

'Every attempt at setting her down only sees her clinging on harder anyway.'

Mark looked surprised at that.

"Are, you sure? You only really let me or Vicky in there unsupervised." He says.

"I'll stay with her. I just need to move her so she's not cutting off my circulation. Anymore and we'll have to amputate my legs." I say as I get up, holding the small sleeping menace. "Besides, can't lay her down on the couch. She's rather attached."

Besides that, after what she said just before she fell asleep? I really don't think I could bring myself to leave her without waking her first. And she could use some rest.

"Do you need any help?" Mark asks.

"I'm fine." I say. "I swear, I'll be surprised if it turns out she weighs more than fifty pounds in full clothing"

She's almost alarmingly light. If she wasn't so small, I'd be concerned.

"Alright, I'll get some of the chores done while you two nap." He says.

"Thanks dear."

Making my way to our room, stopping to give him a quick kiss on the way. Reaching the master bedroom of the house I shift the little girl to one arm as I move the blanket. Laying her down, with her holding my shirt in a death grip, I lay down with her as I wait here for her laundry to dry.

Bringing the blanket up to cover us, she stirs slightly, opening her eyes I watch as the needle like slits widen quickly, causing her to wince and duck her head into my stomach under the blanket.

'Right, her eyes are more suited to low levels of light.' I think sympathetically. That must've hurt her a bit.

I never turn off any of the lights in our house. I'm not too big of a person to admit I have a fear of the dark from all those years ago.

"You good?" I ask softly. Staring at the top of her head poking through the cover.

Still more than half asleep she replies.

"Mhm, where are we?"

"My room. You fell asleep on me and forgot to finish your laundry." I say.

"Mmnn. Sorry." She mumbles, snuggling into me further wrapping her arms around me as I feel her tail move under the blanket to drape over my legs. "Thank you for not leaving."

"Just, go back to sleep okay?" I say tiredly.

"Kay, night mom, love you." She says quietly and falls right back asleep.

…

'I guess, I guess I am the closest thing she would have to a mother.' I think solemnly as I hold her.

'Why does that make me want to cry?' I think in confusion.

I'm not sad.




-Dallon House 2:15 pm-




Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon POV


"Dad! I'm home!" I shout as walk through the door. Getting back from dropping Amy off at the hospital, after having failed to get her to take a day off.

'Hopefully he got through to Kitsu.'

This morning she had absolutely refused to leave her room. I thought about dragging her out but, I didn't think that would end well.

"In the kitchen Vicks." He shouts back.

Heading through I notice Kitsus' door is open with no sign of the little fox in sight.

'Guess he got through to her.' I think, relieved that she's doing better. 'Is that a giant stuffed narwhal?'

It looks like it's as big as Kitsu herself.

Reaching the kitchen I notice Dad leaning against the counter. Talking to someone on the phone.

"Yeah, delivery fooooorrr, seven pm? Yeah that sounds good, thanks, have a good day." He finishes.

He hangs up.

"Who was that?" I ask.

"Pizza, I took the liberty of ordering some." He answers.

"Wonder who that's for." I say sarcastically. "Speaking of, where is she?"

"She's taking a nap, poor kid's probably emotionally burnt out." He says.

"Uh, napping where? She's not in her room and I didn't see her in the living room." I point put.

"She's in your mother and I's room." He says.

What! Mom will kill her! She doesn't let anyone in there other than dad, even I need to be with her if I'm in there.

"And you let her just nap in there!? Mom's gonna flip! Dad I know you and Kitsu are close but mom will-"

"She's in there napping too." He interrupts me.

'Wut?'

He must've seen my confusion because he continued.

"Your mother and I agreed that Kitsu could use a day off from everything. So she called off to help me cheer her up. We were watching TV when she fell asleep in your mothers lap and well, her beddings were still in the wash." Dad explains.

"Okay? That just explains the how, not the why." I say.

Dad looks to the side, seemingly finding the fridge more interesting than me.

"She, Kitsu that is, I think, I'm not sure." Dad tries to say before he takes a moment to collect his thoughts. "She said a few things while half asleep. And I don't think either of us wanted her to wake up alone. Seeing as she was already clung to Carol, she took her to our room while her blankets and sheets dried."

"Is, is she okay?" I ask, more than a little concerned.

"Kitsu, or your mother?" He asks.

"Yes?"

"Your mother is fine, just exhausted from work and handling New Wave. Though she'll never admit it." He says with a chuckle. "Kitsu? I'm not sure. She's been tired all day, unnaturally so. At first I thought it was her being dramatic but, now I'm not sure."

"What do you mean?" I ask.

"She's unnaturally tired, first she slumped against the couch, slid right off. Your mother had to pick her up and set her on the couch. Then she just slumped against your mother and eventually fell asleep. But, I don't know she just lacked any of her usual energy it seemed." He explains.

"Dean mentioned that the level of emotion she was putting off was enough to knock a normal person out from the strain. If she was running on that for the last three days then, maybe it's a backlash sort of thing?" I suggest. Shrugging my shoulders.

"Maybe, I think she's just depressed. Oh! Before I forget, Victoria?" Dad pipes up.

'Full first name, uh oh.'

"Uh, yeah?" I say uncertainly.

"Next time you think about trying to force someone into a relationship when they clearly don't want it? Just. Don't." He says.

"But Kitsu liked him!" I say defensively.

"Dennis, last I checked he wanted nothing to do with any of what happened." He says.

Okay, now I see what he means.

"Um, yeah okay." I relent.

"That goes for Amy too, she's stated multiple times she's not interested in dating." He continues.

"What?! But I-"

"Vicky." He cuts me off. "Stop the matchmaking, I know you think you're helping. But, as recent events have shown, you're not."

"But-"

"No buts. Or do I need to call Amy and ask her opinion. Whose side will she take on this?" He says, holding up his phone.

"I!" I pause trying to think of something. "That's not fair!"

"It's very fair, stop the matchmaking, Vicky. While your intentions and heart are in the right place, your actions are having the opposite effect." He presses on.

I take second before realizing my dad's right.

"Fine." I finish with a sigh.

He walks over and gives me a hug.

"Sorry for getting harsh sweetheart, just don't want anything like this happening again." He says.

'That's fair.' I think I in resignation.

*Brzzt*

"Hmm?"

Pulling out my phone I see it's a text from Missy.

(Is Kitsu ok?)-M
(She hazn't bn on ptrl)-M

'What did Kitsu say to her?'

(I'll let u know in a bit)-V




-2:40 pm-




Kitsu POV


"Wake up, come on Kitsu."

Being gently shaken awake. Opening my eyes to see a blue shirt in front of me. I look up to see Carol with her usual deadpan look.

'Did she really stay with me the entire time?' I think with a warm sense of comfort coursing through me.

Nuzzling her chest a bit as I blink to adjust to the lighting.

"Mmmnnn morning." I say.

"It's almost three in the afternoon. Come on, at least go to your own bed, you can't keep sleeping in here." She tells me.

'Where is here?'

Looking around I notice the yellow walls and white ceiling, I think this is her room.

Yawning I sit up, much to the protest of my entire body.

I'd been on the hormonal equivalent of a sugar high the last three days. Now my body is on a crash, and I'm just so burnt out.

'I really hope this isn't how it's going to be every time.' I think tiredly.

I slump back down, not really wanting to move even a little.

"Kitsu, are you okay?" Carol asks.

"Just tired." I say.

"You've been tired all day, the most energetic I've seen you is when I brought up how you needed a shower." She says.

'Don't remind me!' I scream internally.

"Mmmmnnnn!" I growl out.

"Come on." She gets off the bed and picks me up again.

Curling against her, I nuzzle her further. It really is just how I show affection, it just feels more natural to me.

I close my eyes once more as Carol carries me through the house. Passing through I take in the scents and sounds.

I can tell there are two others. Mark, from the smell of coffee and lint and, I think that's Vicky's deodorant mixed with sweat. I can hear them breathing as we walk through the kitchen, if I focus I can even hear their heartbeats.

"She still asleep?" Mark asks.

"No." I answer. Still not bothering to look up. "Can you put me down? I'll walk the rest of the way."

Carol wordlessly sets me down as I make my way towards my room.

"I ordered pizza, it'll be here at about seven. Will you be up by then?" Mark asks.

Still walking to my room, I throw my hands up in mock celebration.

"Pizza!" I say tiredly.

"Hey, real quick. Do you plan on going back on patrol anytime soon?" I hear Vicky ask.

"Tonight or tomorrow night. Wanna catch Shadow Stalker and rub it in the Robocop knock-offs face." I answer as I round the corner.

Reaching my room, not bothering to close the door, I climb into my bed and cuddle Mr. Star as I fall back asleep.

I'll be better by tonight. I just need a little more time to rest.




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


Having watched the small menace disappear around the corner, I look to Mark questioningly.

"I hope you ordered more than just mushroom for her." I say.

She's the only person in this house that likes mushrooms, at all.

"I ordered a mushroom, cheese, and a pepperoni. Did you enjoy your nap?" He asks with that damnable smirk of his.

He knows I love it, and that I hate how it still sends butterflies in me.

Not that I'll ever admit it aloud. But I love that he's been smiling more, and I can guarantee he knows it.

"Yeah I-" I stop as I remember I didn't do much sleeping. Too busy thinking.

'Night mom, love you.'

"Yeah, it's nice to just take a break every now and then. Though she is very clingy in her sleep. The few times I got her untangled from me she about ripped my shirt off from how hard she was gripping" I say distractedly.

"Mom? Are you okay?" Vicky says.

Looking to her, I can't help but picture her when she was little and would say the same thing. Though Vicky was about eight or nine when she was as small as Kitsu. Not twelve.

"Yeah, just woke up." I say. "I haven't had an afternoon nap in a long time so, just waking back up is all."

Vicky seems to accept it with a shrug as she just pulls out her phone and starts texting someone.

Mark just looks at me with a questioning gaze that lets me know he's not buying my excuse.

I just mouth the word later to him and he nods his head in understanding.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus
.
.
-3 pm-
.
.
Missy "Vista" Biron POV
.
Waiting in my room as my dad has guys night with his friends. Intent on leaving as big a mess as he can get away with for when mom has to look after me. Which I'll just be forced to clean up.

I'd try and stop them or pick up the mess as it happens but, dad's friend Trent always gives me creepy looks when he gets drunk. So I just avoid him. He never does or says anything creepy, just looks creepy.

Anyway, I've been trying to meet Kitsu in costume but.

Four days of nothing. That's what I've had to endure.

No one will tell me what happened outside of the date not going well. And no one will say anything about Kitsu other than she's not feeling well!

*Brzzt*

Checking my phone with a mix of hope and anxiety. It's Vicky!

(She sed she'd ptrl 2night, wants to catch shdw stkr and brag to RmsMster)-V

"Tonight?!" I say in worry.

'I don't have patrol tonight!' I think sadly.

'Wait, tonight is, Vergil and Carlos.' I think with some hope.

Opening up the messages to Vergil I shoot him a text.

(Hey Vergil, wanna trade ptrl duty tonight?)-M

Waiting, waiting, wait-

(Not really, sorry but patrol is something I look 4ward to. Lets me clear my head.)-V

'Carlos?'

(Hey Carlos, patrol trade for tonight?)-M

Waiting, waiting, waiting.

'Maybe I should call-'

(Sure, trade ya Saturday night.)-C

'YES!'

(Deal!)-M
(Kay, I'll let MM know. Just make sure you do as well.)-C
(I'll let Vergil knw)-C

"Yes!" I say quietly as I kick my feet in excitement.

I can't wait!

*Crash*

"Shit!"

I really can't wait for tonight.
.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N Sleepy Kitsu is a cuddler.

In regard to her date and Wade's actions. Some of it went online for people to notice, but Wade, after realizing she likely wasn't in her right mind, had set out to erase all trace of it he could. Digital amnesia is real thing. Without the information being readily online, people will quickly forget what they learned online, or even wonder if what they saw/heard ever happened without the ability to verify that the info exists. People see things online, and unless they make an effort to remember they quickly forget because, "I don't need to remember the info, just where I got it from because that's easier to remember." It's an interesting phenomenon that occurs and gives a neat view into how our psyche's adjust mental power. Not to say it affects everyone, but it affects most.

I could go into it further because I find it genuinely fascinating. But I would end up writing a text wall longer than the chapter itself.

Just google DIGITAL AMNESIA. If you're interested.

It's not as though it was erased entirely, but Wade made sure it'll never be put online. People like Dragon and Coil will still have the data stored in closed off hard drives. Dragon, because she does it with everything she deems significant, Kitsu acting wildly out of character would count. Coil because it's Kitsu and he is the embodiment of paranoia. She is labeled as an A ranked Parahuman, with the possibility of being S ranked.

And the only reason Kitsu isn't S ranked, is because she isn't trying.

Her illusions can be tactile and are only limited in scope by her imagination and focus. As well as energy but that goes without saying. Her fight against Glory Girl shows how easily she can overpower, and then Armsmaster is a good window into how she can quickly come up with a plan when she feels like it.

And the fight between Assault, Velocity, Vista, and Gallant shows how she's crafty enough to deal with a group by using divide and conquer tactics. Getting rid of Velocity first to take out the speedster, incapacitating Assault by appealing to his emotions. Making it seem like Gallants emotion beams left her depressed and tricked him into letting his guard down. And taking out Gallant by one v one, only resorting to trickery because she was being petty. All the while, moving quickly the whole time and keeping the fight on the move to limit how much Vista could help.

Kitsu is short term smart, long term dumb. She is great at thinking on her feet but struggles to make any real long term plans.



Canonically Kitsu has tried eating batteries to gain energy.
She'll never do it again.



Just so it's clear, Because Kitsu is intentionally vague with her age.

Chronologically 11
Existence/Experience/ How many years' worth of practical memories. 5
Physically 12 turning 13
Mentally has the ability to access the logic and reasoning capabilities of an adult with some effort, but defaults to a mix of her physical and existential ages mentality. It's pretty impossible to place what age she is mentally seeing as it's such a mix of 5, 12, and 20+.
Her unique circumstances lead her to being non neurotypical. Her mind cannot be easily categorized.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
There is a reason why people keep mentioning Kitsu looks like Vicky.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Vahzal Haal Rah, Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt and 324 others
Newb to the game
Mar 16, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 18
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#134
A/N Shadow Stalked
Alt title: Kitsu needs a win.
.
Also, while Kitsu may seem like it's short for Kitsune, the mythical creature she heavily resembles, its actual inspiration was from the lesser translations of kitsu meaning joy, good fortune, and hope. Originally Kitsu was going to be a sort of chimeric, humanoid beast creature that was a mix of a harpy and a snake. She would take more of a humanoid little girl Quetzalcoatl look. With taloned birdlike legs, a whip like lizard tail with feathers, harpy like wing arms with feathered claws for hands, snake eyes, retractable fangs and blue feathers mixed with her red hair.
Her self biokinesis was originally going to play a bigger part in her tactics. Reworking venoms, hardening and shooting out scales or feathers, morphing parts of herself and the like.
Then I saw the lucky mutations part of the CYOA I used, saw Kitsune, and completely reworked her appearance and fighting style.
.
And just to be clear, I didn't forget about Scarecrow, the merchants, Ben, or any of that. It's just that Kitsu is not in a position to really know about them and doesn't really care to find out.
.
.
While Kitsu is naturally hyper, her everyday hyperactivity is one part a coping mechanism and one part just her being herself. She uses her hyperactivity to distract herself.
.
.
.
.
.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-Dallon House 6:38pm-




Kitsu POV


Waking up for the, third, fourth time? Whatever. I wake up.

Feeling much better now that all the stages of my estrus are over, and my body has recovered from the hormone overload. Well, less my body recovering and more my mind.

Looking around I see I'm in my room, light flooding in from the hallway as my door was left open.

'What time is it?'

Looking for my phone, finding it on the charger next to my starlight projector, I see it's almost a quarter till seven.

This morning was a bit of a haze after I put my blanket and sheets in the washer. I remember, taking a nap with Carol, watching a show about plague doctors or something, and Mark ordered pizza. That's about it.

Everything is fuzzy.

I remember I planned to head put and hunt down Shadow Stalker at least. Though I'd planned to do that for a while now.

Stepping out of my room and into the hall, I take sniff of the air to try and see if I can get anything.

Acrid and fruity, cleaner. Gonna have to get used to that. Cleaners now smell more like chemicals than the other, nicer smelling stuff they put in them.

Lint, cleaner, and a slight hint of coffee. Mark.

Rosy deodorant, covering a base of sweat. Vicky.

Paper, ink, sandalwood, and me? I think that's Carol.

'Why would Carol smell like me?' I think in confusion.

Then I remember.

'Right, we took a nap together.'

Okay, one mystery solved. What else do I smell.

"Are you just going to stand there sniffing the air the rest of the day?" Vicky says from the end of the hall, arms crossed, leaning against the wall.

Looking at her, I get an evil idea.

"Your deodorant is wearing off." I say.

She blushes, lifts an armpit and sniffs.

"No it's not." She replies looking offended.

I cover my nose and back away towards the living room.

"That's what you think."

I keep backing away into the living room. Turning around I see Mark and Carol sitting next to each other on the couch. Watching TV.

Mark has an arm around Carols shoulder as they lean into each other.

'Ooooooh~ that is soooo sweet!' I coo internally.

I wanna join in the picture!

Sneaking around, I make my way to the side of the couch where Mark is. Hiding behind the arm I get ready to-

"Kitsu, we can see your ears." Carol says.

'Uh, oops?'

"No you can't." I say in an exaggerated whisper. "You are blissfully ignorant of the danger in your midst!"

"Oh no. We are so blissfully ignorant of danger. What ever could happen to us." Mark says in the flattest tone possible.

Jumping over the arm of the couch I land stomach first on their laps.

"SNEAK ATTACK!" I shout.

…

After getting no reaction.

"RAAAGHH." I shout out as I flail a bit.

After again getting no reaction, I'm staring at the couch so I can't see them, I slap my tail in Marks face.

"Pfft. Okay that's it." He grabs my sides and lifts me up. "You really are light, huh."
Smiling at him I throw my arms up.

"I'm fun sized!" I say with a smile.

"Well, fun sized. You've fallen into my trap." He says menacingly.

Crossing my arms and tilting my head back, I stare down at him.

"And just what, pray tell is that?" I say darkly.

He smirks and turns me around, pulls me against him and whispers into my ears.

"You've fallen into the cage, OF THE TICKLE MONSTER!"

He then begins a merciless assault on my sides.

"NO! NO! AH! AYEEEaAha, STOP! UNCLE! UNCLE! BLOODY MARRyYEEEhHEEee! AHAaAHhhHA, StOP!" I plead.
"NEVER! Feel the wrath you have incurred." He says as he continues his assault.

"BLeE-pLEEEASE, I, I'M gONNA pEEe! I'M GONNA PEEE!" I beg.

He stops and I slouch over the arm of the couch, panting and struggling for air. My legs and tail draped over his lap.

"You, ha, are evil! To assault a young maiden as, ha, such. For shame!" I pant out.

"Tis but the nature of the scorpion to sting, you cannot blame the tickle monster for doing what comes naturally to him." He says sagely.

"Aesop, really?" I say, finally catching my breath.

"That's not Aesop." Carol says, she moved a seat down to avoid becoming collateral in our grand game of, I dunno, monster and victim?

"Then what is it?" I ask looking back at her.

She just shrugs.

'I'll google it later. For now though.'

"Hey Mark." I say, getting his attention.

"Hmm?"

I turn around and latch onto him.

"RETALIATION!" I shout as I begin tickling his sides.

…

No reaction.

Looking up at him, I'm starting to see what Carol means when she says he has a 'Damnable Smirk'

"Sorry kiddo, I'm not ticklish." He says with mirth.

"That's not fair!" I whine.

Carol just leans over and jabs his armpit. He flinches away at the contact.

"You just need to find the right spot. His armpits are very ticklish." She says with a smirk and leans back into her spot on the other end of the couch and watches with interest.

He looks at me wide eyed.

"Don't you dare." He says pointing a finger at me.

I just smile and assault him with the same ferocity as he did to me before.

Or I would've if he didn't grab me, stand up, and turn me around so I couldn't reach him.

I just dangle there as I contemplate my position.

'They're watching march of the penguins, neat.'

"The mighty Endstopper Child herself, stopped by being picked up."

"That title is stupid!" I shout.

I really hate that title, it's so lazy. Couldn't people come up with something more unique?

I thrash about trying to try and wriggle out of his grip. But his strength combined with his height, and my natural lack of both, lend to an inescapable hold. After a good minute of me trying, and failing, to escape. I just dangle.

"You done?" He asks.

I smack him with my tail.

"Pfft, really?"

"One must use all resources at their disposal." I say with a nod, as though agreeing with myself.

I smack him again.

"Pfft, alright if that's how it is." He says deviously.

He pulls me into him and holds me tight, locking my arms to my sides and forcing my tail down.

"RAAaaggh, No! You cannot keep me contained-" I start.

*rrrRRRMMM*

"What's that?" I ask, stopping my theatrics.

"What's what?" Carol asks, looking at me in confusion.

*RRRMMMmmmnn*

"That, it sounds like a car just pulled up." I say.

*Thunk*

That must be the car door.

"Must be the pizza." Mark says.

'PIZZA!'

"Let me down! I want pizza!" I shout.

He just shifts me over to carry me under his arm like one would hold a basketball in one arm. And moves to the door.

Opening it just time for the delivery guy to step up to the door. The guy just stares at me with a hard to place look, a mix of concern, confusion, and apprehension.

I'm used to it.

"Gimme gimme gimme!" I say quickly, reaching out towards the red cloth bag he's holding up. "Haaaaaaa, pizzzaaaaaaaa."

"Uh, One, mushroom, one pepperoni, and one cheese?" He says, not taking his eyes off me.

"Yep, that's for us. How much?" Mark asks, reaching into his pocket and pulling out his wallet.

"Uh, twenty three, ninety seven." he says, looking from his phone to me.

"Here's thirty, keep the change. Just hand it to the munchkin, she'll try to take it either way." he says and puts me down.

The guy pulls the pizzas out of the bag and hands them to me. I grab them and run off towards the kitchen, holding them above my head.

"Pizzzzzaaaaa!"

"Don't run!" Carol shouts.




-7:20pm-




I refused to relinquish the pizza without Amy being here. So, after a lengthy talk between Mark and Amy on the phone, Vicky rushed off to get her.

My Pavlovian conditioning at work. Not that I'm proud of it, but Amy eventually agreed to come home from the hospital early when she heard it was me who wanted her here.

Vicky rushed off to go get her and we are now all sitting at the table eating.

"So, were you serious about patrolling tonight?" Carol asks.

Swallowing my slice I answer.

"Yeah, I mean I could just walk over to her school and knock her out there. Catch her off guard in her civvies, but unwritten rules and all that." I say and take another bite.

That gets a round of silence and stares.

"What?" I ask through a bite of food.

"You know who Shadow Stalker is? How? Is it your thinker power?" Vicky asks.

"Pretty much, don't know where she lives. But I know her first and last name, what school she goes to, and her general looks." I say through my pizza.

"First, don't talk with your mouth full. Second, how will you fight her? She can turn into mist and is adept at escaping." Carol says.

Swallowing my slice of pizza, I continue.

"Electricity shorts out her breaker state. Not only that she has a scent, everything does, and she uses crossbows. They make a very distinct sound. Finding her will be easy enough, she hardly ever leaves the docks area." I list off.

Again, silence and stares.

"Kitsu, how much do you know?" Mark asks.

"Ask me a question. I'll let you know if I remember anything." I say and grab another slice of pizza.

The rest of dinner went on like that. Amy left for her room when Mark and Carol started flirting. It started with Carol giving me the rest of her pizza, saying about how she needed to stop, or it'll all go to her thighs.

Mark took that as an incentive to mention how he loved her thighs, and it went from there.

It was one of the sweetest, cheesiest things I'd seen. Vicky left when they started kissing. With Mark leaning back against the counter, Carol in his arms.

Which brings us to now. They're in the same position just smiling at each other, talking and giving the occasional kiss.

'It's just so CUTE!' I think, watching with wide eyes.

Mark glances over, sees I'm still here, blushes and nods his head towards me.

Carol looks over, sees me. And goes back to resting bitch face.

"Aren't you heading out? I thought you wanted to catch Shadow Stalker." She says.

"Vicky already went to bed and I'm out of energy. She usually punches me a bunch to fill up my stores." I say.

Her eyes widen.

"She what?" She asks incredulously.

"I ask her to, it's not as though she can hurt me." I answer with a shrug.

"I thought you said you still feel it?" Mark says with concern.

"You'd be surprised what the body can get used to. Heat doesn't even hurt anymore, electricity still does though. And photon based energy gets absorbed almost an inch before it reaches me, so they don't hurt." I explain.

Carol cocks a brow at that.

"Could you absorb heated hard light?" She asks.

"Kinetic and heat energy are the forms of energy I absorb most efficiently." I say with nod.

"Okay then, heads up." She forms a yellow glowing spear and tosses it at me.

It gets absorbed as it reaches me and HOLY SHIT! That is easily top five energy absorbs I ever had. That was more energy than what Vicky dishes out in several punches!

"Kitsu?!" Carol shouts.

"Huh?" I say, shaking my head a bit.

"Are you alright? You went quiet and had a dazed look." Mark says.

"Yeah, just decompressing, going from near empty to that much. Well, it's like just getting, yeah." I say, still a little dazed.

After a few seconds of me staring at my pizza, I eat it and get up. Going to change into my Irida outfit and head out.

"Hey Kitsu." Carol says and I stop, turning to look at her.

"Out of curiosity, what's the limit on how much energy you can store?" She asks.

"There is none, there are soft limits to how much I can enhance though. Strength doesn't seem to have one, my illusions are only limited by my imagination, my speed gets less effective at a certain point, though that's more due to wind resistance and physics than anything on my part. And I can think faster and process images faster when I use the energy to enhance my brain. But that gets disorientating if I do it too much. That's the basic stuff." I explain and head off to change.

As I head to my room I hear Mark in the kitchen say.

"We are casually housing a little girl who can fight an Endbringer one on one, win, and come out unscathed. It's easy to forget that sometimes."




-Docks 8:36pm-




Kitsu POV


Looking out over the apartment building I'm on, sitting on the ledge of the building, listening for any sounds. Normally in the city there'd be endless amounts of background noise to distract me. But the docks are always eerily quiet at night. The poverty, lack of commerce, and overall unsafe environment led to people not being out at night. I wonder how this looks to normal people. Maybe something like a Batman Gotham poster. Dark cloudy sky and quiet streets, lit up only by streetlamps.

My night vision lets me see about just as well now as it does in the day. I have a secondary lens under retina that bounces light back in my eyes, allows me to essentially see light twice as much when active. Also gives a slight glow in the dark.

This place smells mostly of urine, stagnant water, nicotine, rotting matter, and mildew. I don't actually mind the mildew smell, it's pleasant in comparison to the rest.

Taking another sniff, I get something new. Closing my eyes I try and focus on it.

'It's, like when lightning hits metal, oxidized? No, ozone! That's it, it smells like ozone and lint mixed with the abhorrent smell of cleaner. There's another, sweat mixed with, peaches? No, it's something subtly sweet, but I can't place it.' turning my ears to the direction of the scent I listen in.

"Alright, but I ain't getting console duty again. You go ahead while I call it in." A younger male's voice says. Accent places him, midwestern, city. Think St. Louis or something similar.

'Wait, I know that voice, It's Vergil!'

"Kay." A younger, smooth voice says.

'Missy?'

In a few seconds, after only hearing three steps, each louder than the last. That smell of sweat and sweet is right behind me. I'd turn to greet her, but I'm rooted in place out of anxiety.

'Oh god, the last time we saw each other was the mall! I can't talk to her now! Much less even face her!'

I can hear and smell her behind me, her breathing, the sweat that's slowly increasing. And heart which is beating a powerful but slow rhythm. The subtle rubbing sounds and tiny clicking let me know she's fidgeting with her hands.

"I uh, know you're there, Vista." I say softly.

A sharp intake of breath and her heart beats a little faster.

"Uh, how'd you know?" She asks.

"I, heard you coming." I say.

A little more silence and she walks up next to me.

"So uh, what are you doing?" She asks, sitting down next to me.

"Um, looking for Shadow Stalker." I reply plainly.

'God this is so awkward!'

"Um, about what I said at the mall." I start.

"It's okay, you and Dennis were having a bad date and you were looking for a way out. I don't blame you, you don't have to talk about it." She answers before I continue.

'That's what she thought had happened?' I think in relief. 'Oh thank God, I thought I'd have to explain the whole heat cycle thing.'

If she's willing to forget it and ignore that it ever happened, then so am I.

"But if you do, want to talk about it that is. I here for you, if you want." She says gingerly.

"Uh, right. Thanks, though, I'd rather not." I reply, not knowing what else to say. "It's nothing against you just, yeah, don't wanna talk about it."




Missy "Vista" Biron POV


'Oh god she's right here!' I think nervously. 'What do I say? Talk about what she said at the mall? No, she clearly doesn't want to talk about that. I wanna start out as friends first but I don't know how!'

I spent so long agonizing over getting to this point that I didn't think about what came after!

'Just go for it!'

"Hey Kitsu? Um, do you maybe. Want to hang out sometime?" I ask.

Her ears shoot up and her tail twitches slightly.

"As friends, get to know each other and all, we both patrol the same city and it would be a good idea to get to know each other I mean." I add quickly. "I am the only other Ward you don't see regularly, seeing as you go to Arcadia and I'm still in middle school. I was just thinking, it would be good to know another girl my age who is also a cape and we could relate better and, I'll stop rambling." I mutter out.

Taking a breath, I continue.

"What I'm saying is, wanna be friends and hang out?" I ask hopefully.

I watch her ears perk up and her tail resumes its gentle sway.

'It looks so soft, would it be rude to pet it?'

"Uh, sure? I think that'd be fun. I don't have many friends, and none that are really my age. What did you have in mind?" She asks happily, looking over to me with absolutely beautiful glowing eyes.

'Glowing?'

"Uh, what's with your eyes?" I ask.

'That's the best you could come up with?! Why did you say that?!' I chastise myself.

She blushes and looks away. Ears going down slightly.

'Nooooo, keep looking at me! I didn't mean it like that! They're pretty! Now look what you did idiot.' I whine at myself.

"Oh, uh, I see in the dark. The result is my eyes reflect more light, so they appear to glow in dim lighting." She explains.

"That's cool!" I say.

Her ears perk up a bit more and her tail starts to wag a little bit.

'Oh god my heart won't stop! I feel sick.' At this rate I'm going to throw up.

"So, back to before, how about the movies?" I ask hopefully, trying to steer away from my earlier blunder.

She thinks a bit before answering.

"Movies, don't really work for me. Too loud, too many smells." She replies, ears drooping a bit.

"Um, the pool? I have a pass and I'm allowed a guest." I say.

'Wait, can she swim? I didn't just shoot myself in the foot did I?'

She shakes her head. "I don't have a swimsuit, and I'd need one custom made because of my tail. And I'd need a swim cap for my ears."

'Damnit! Think! Picnic? No! I'd basically be asking her out! Mall? No, no, bad idea. She just got over a bad date there and I want to take her mind off it, not remind her.' I think to myself.

I'm drawing a blank here!

"Oh, uh. Well what do you want to do?" I ask.

She takes a second, fidgeting with her hands before her ears shoot up along with her tail.

"Well, I've never had a sleepover with a friend before." She says cheerfully.

Looking back at me with those bright, blue green eyes. Her tail now wagging excitedly.

"Um, I uh."

'Please don't ask to come over to my house.'

She leans over, looking up at me with a bright smile.

"Mark is a stay at home house husband, and Carol is off on Thursdays and Fridays! You can come over then! We can play board games, watch TV and order food! We can do each others makeup and nails!" She says happily. Her tail wagging behind her like crazy.

She stops slightly.

"Though I don't know how to do either really." She says quietly. "But we can still make each other look silly and laugh about it later! And if you can't spend the night you can still come over and play games with us!" She continues, returning to her earlier jubilance.

'Oh god, why do you have to be so cute and bubbly!' She's just so adorable like this, I just want to scream when she smiles!

"Um sure, I'll have to let my mom know, but it shouldn't be an issue." I say.

'I'll just say I'm trying to build connections with the Dallons. She'll accept that and it's not exactly false.' I think.

"Oh! I need to ask Carol first!" She says excitedly.

Leaning back to her earlier seated position, she pulls a pink phone out of her pocket and dials a number. She holds it in front of her like one would if it was on speaker.

"Kitsu? Is something wrong? You just left not an hour ago." I barely hear.

It's not on speaker.

"Yeah I'm fine, I just wanted to know if I could have a friend over!" She says.

"I have, several, questions as to why you decided to ask now of all times, and who this friend is. It's not Lung, is it?" She asks.

'LUNG?!'

"I met Vista on patrol and she wants to hang out, I was wondering if I could have a sleep over with her! This Friday of course, so you can be there." She says in that same happy go lucky tone.

There's a bit of a pause before she replies.

"Give me a minute, I need to talk to Mark."

"Kay!"

After waiting for a bit before Vergil pops over on his saucer, drops down and collapses it to latch onto his back.

"Alright, got the go ahead from MM. We good to do a joint patrol." He says.

"Shh!" I hush him, not wanting to miss the answer.

'Why couldn't he have taken longer? I wanted to talk to Kitsu alone for a bit more!'

He puts his arms up in a mock surrender, a mix of confusion and indignation marring his face.

"I'll need to talk to her mother first, but it should be fine." She says.

'YES!' I think, and I have to stop myself from doing a fist pump.

"Thank you! Love you! Bye!"

"I need her mother's number first Kitsu." Carol says.

"Oh, right. Sorry." She says.

Typing a few things into her phone, she then hands it to me. Looking down and seeing it's open to messages with the text line labeled, Carol, I get the hint and take it. Typing my mother's phone number and giving it back to Kitsu.

"Did ya get it?" Kitsu asks.

"Yes, I'll try and talk to her tomorrow. Have a good night Kitsu."

*Click*

Kitsu puts the phone in her pocket. Clenches her eyes and starts shaking in what I can only assume is barely restrained excitement.

"MmmmmAAAaaaah!" She squeals and launches herself at me.

Holding me in a bear hug as she nuzzles me just under my collar bone, she continues to squeal. Her tail wagging hard enough that it's causing her lower back and butt to shake with it. It reminds me of those corgi videos on YouTube.

"I can't believe I'm having my first sleepover!" She squeals.

'Ooooohh.' I groan internally. 'Why do have to have that adorable golden retriever energy? And why do I have to love it so much?'

I want to be friends but at this rate I'll melt worse than when Dean smiles at me.

'Oh god I am bisexual' I realize.

"Ahem!" Vergil says.

He actually said, ahem. I kinda already forgot he was here.

"Oh, hi Static! Do you want to come over too?" She asks, looking over to him.

'Nooooo. Please don't.' I think anxiously.

I shoot him a pleading look, putting a thumbs down just outside Kitsus' line of sight. Hoping he gets the hint.

He cocks an eyebrow at me before addressing Kitsu.

"I'm good, sides, we're on the clock right now. We gotta find Shadow Stalker 'fore she nails a guy to the wall through his throat." He says.

'Oh, right.' I had completely forgotten about that.

'Come on! Fawn over the cute girl later! You have to be professional, you're the most senior member of the Wards!' I remind myself.

"Hmm, oh yeah, that's what I've been doing." Kitsu says. "I've been listening out for her, crossbows make a distinct sound, somewhere between a mix of twang and thunk. And they're not quiet, not unless modified which considering she's solo with zero connections, I highly doubt it is. I mean, she wears sports equipment armor." Kitsu explains.

That's, actually a good point.

"Can ya really hear all the docks from here?" Vergil questions.

"No, but I can hear a good fourth of them with how quiet they are at night, a third if I try hard enough. She's known to be extremely mobile. I'm smack in the middle of the district. So unless she decides to stay in a single area for the entire night." She lets the rest hang in the air.

"So, have you heard anything so far?" I ask.

She shakes her head.

"Aside from prostitutes practicing their trade, the occasional car, and a few arguments? Not much." She says.

'Eww.'

"Well, seeing as we got all night, and our own personal radar. How about we chill here for now?" I suggest to Vergil.

Vergil seems to consider it for a minute before shrugging and sitting on the ledge next to me.

"Sure, better than hover'n around. Sides I doubt I'd find her. I'm rather showy when I move." He says.

'Yes!'




Kitsu POV


Sitting here with Missy and Vergil. Glad that Missy hasn't brought up the incident at the mall. We just give idle chatter while we wait for me to hear something.

"Aren't you hot in that trench coat? It's April and like, sixty something degrees out." Missy asks Vergil.

"Not really, my body is more made up of electromagnetic energy than anything." He explains.

"Really? How's that work?" I ask.

"Basically? Everything other than my bones, skin, organs and nervous system is electricity. You cut me? You'll see a bunch of sparks instead of blood." He explains.

"Really?" Missy asks.

"It's why I don't do sports. I don't sweat and it'd be rather noticeable that the kid who don't stop moving ain't worn out." He shrugs.

'Is that why he smells like ozone?' I wonder.

"Any way, what 'bout you Kitsu? You ain't never wear anything that ain't meant for warm weather." He asks.

I just shrug.

"Personal preference. I don't sweat, heat doesn't bother me. And when I don't use my powers I heat up so the cold is usually a non issue for me." I say easily.

I don't sweat because I don't want to.

"Am I the only normal one?" Missy asks.

"Of us three? Physically? Think so." Vergil says.

"Normal's overrated." I say and stick my tongue out at her.




-9:08 pm-




"I tried to join a gang. I accidentally trashed my house with static cling once. And my first saucer was a hub cap." Vergil says.

We're playing two truths one lie.

"You never tried to join a gang. I just can't see it." Missy says.

"Your first saucer was a trash can lid, not a hub cap." I say.

Meta knowledge be broken boi!

"Kitsu's right." He says.

"You tried to join a gang!" Missy says, whipping her head to him.

"Different times." He shrugs. "Got powers an, well decided I should lead by example."

'Didn't the gang he was with get wiped out?' I think to myself.

"My turn!" I say. Trying to take us off a possibly very touchy subject.
"I once stole a car for Faultline's crew. My favorite color is pink. Aaaannd, I once beat up a cape who tried to copyright my name for themselves." I list off.

"I can totally see you doing that last one. So I'mma say you never stole a car." Vergil answers.

"I don't think you know how to drive. So I'll say the same." Missy aswers.

I just smirk.

"My favorite color is cerulean, it's a shade of blue." I say smugly.

There's an awkward silence after that reveal.

"You know how to drive a car?" Vergil asks.

"Yup, Thinker power. I hopped in and just, remembered how to drive. Not to say I do it well. But I can." I answer.

I cannot drive in reverse.

I actually stole the car for Newter and his brother Nightcrawler but, details.

They're not really brothers but everyone calls them such because of how similar they look, so they just roll with it.

"Your turn Mis-Vista." I say.

"Okay, uh." She takes a second. "I like dogs. My favorite color is green. And I know calligraphy."

'I know for a fact she likes dogs.'

"You don't know calligraphy." I say.

"You don't like dogs." Vergil says.

"My favorite color is purple." She answers.

"You totally just copied me." I point out.

Vergil looks over in slight surprise.

"Then why all the green?" He asks.

She puts her head in her hand.

"Because PR bull, that's why." She grumbles.
"Oh, well. I didn't take you for someone who likes dogs, you got any?" He says, trying steer clear of that particular sore spot.

'Wrong thing to say man.' I wince internally.

"I don't want to talk about it." She says sadly.

Seeing her sad frown, I get a devious idea to cheer her up. Or at least take her mind off of her, possibly, dead dogs.

"You know, come to think of it, foxes are more closely related to dogs than anything else." I say absentmindedly.

"Hmm?" She hums.

I give a gasp of realization.

"Is that it? Is that why you wanted to be my friend? Because I'm house broken and know a lot of tricks!" I accuse with a pout.

"I uh, huh. Y-you d-don't um." She stutters.

"You just want to scratch my ears and pet my tail don't you! You're just like all the others! I thought you would be different!" I say in mock anguish. Crossing my arms and looking away from her with a huff.

"What? No! I really want to be your friend and get close to you, I mean get to know you and-" She starts frantically.

She's interrupted by my laughing as I lean over and hug her shoulders, nuzzling the side of my cheek against her shoulder.

"I'm just messing with you!" I laugh.

Her heart is pounding like crazy, I probably scared her more than embarrassed her. She must really want to be my friend if the thought of offending me is causing her heart to race that much.

Or she was scared of offending an S-class.

"What am I watching?" Vergil says quietly, though I ignore him.




-9:45 pm-




"Is it, a dolphin?" Vergil asks.

"Nope." I answer. "That's twenty. You lose."

"Well what was it?" Missy asks.

"A narwhal." I answer.

"Oh, come on! Close enough!" Vergil complains.

*Thwunk*

Standing up and looking to my right. I hold up a finger to shush them.

*Chk*

Focusing on the direction, I hear faint footsteps echoing on metal.

'Someone is running.' I think giddily.

"Found her!" I say, hopping up to a crouch. "Follow me!"

I take off running towards the sound. Making sure I can still hear Missy and Vergil following.

Running over several rooftops, jumping across the street, I stop as I no longer hear anything.

We're closer to the waterfront now. The spray-painted M's on a few derelict warehouses let me know it's Merchant territory.

'The metal on the warehouse's roofs must have been what I was hearing. She was probably on top of them pursuing someone.'

I hear Vergil and Missy catch up and stay behind me. Vergil had forgone using his saucer to avoid the light it produces and giving us away, instead relying on Missy's powers to keep up.

I hold a finger up to let them know to be quiet.

'C'mon. Where are you?'

The sound of the water is masking a lot of what I would normally hear. So unless she starts running on metal again, or makes a lot of noise, then I've lost her.

*Thwunk*

"Fuck!" I hear a distant masculine voice shout.

'Found you!'

I head forward, leaping across the street to one of the warehouses, landing on its sheet metal roof with a clang. I turn and head in the direction, north, closer towards the trainyard. Jumping between warehouses and the occasional brick building.

Finally being close enough to hear the footsteps of someone running on the concrete. I jump over to the apartments back on the other side of the street, not wanting to alert them with the sound of me running across the metal roofing.

Making it to a spot overlooking an alley on the other side of the street between two warehouses, I see a thin man, white, in a dirty wife beater and cargo jeans. Wearing a blue bandana on his arm.

'Merchant. Now where is-'

*Thwunk*

*Squelch*

"DAMNIT!"

I'm interrupted from my thoughts as a cross bow bolt gets stuck in his calf and the man falls over.

I watch as a cloud of smoke coalesces through the bricks to his left, just behind him.

Taking in a whiff I detect the scent of, blood, sweat, and, it's the same cleaner that's on Vergil.

'Bleugh'

She forms together, steps on the mans calf with a wet crunch as he screams in pain.

Just as I'm about to jump down and engage, I feel a gloved hand on my shoulder stop me.

Looking to the side I see it's Vergil.

"We gotta call it in first, wait for backup or the go ahead." He says.

I glare at him and shrug his hand off me.

"You have to call it in. I don't." I say and jump off the ledge turning invisible before landing.

'I haven't had a decent exercise in a while, not since the hospital really.' I think excitedly.




Sophia "Shadow Stalker" Hess POV


I needed this, after another day of dragging through that shit stain of a school. Dealing with the bullshit of everything?

*Crack*

"Bitch! Scarecrow won't let you get away with this! Targeting his men! He'll have you-"

I stomp his knee to get him to shut up.

*Pop*

"Aaargh, Fuck! At least let me finish!"

"I don't give two shits about a piss stain who only took over a gang because the last guy kicked the bucket." I snarl.

If he was really worth something, he would've been leader when Skidmark was still alive. Instead he just stepped in like a scavenger, at least Skidmark was a real predator.

"Wow, you both need to learn some manners. My poor ears are practically bleeding at the profanity."

Swinging around I see a small girl leaning on the rail of the fire escape to the right of me.

I can't make her out clearly, but I think she's wearing a tail coat and a large cat ear headband.

"Fuck off, this ain't got nothing to do with a twerp like you!" I shout out.

Little kids really shouldn't poke their noses in others shit.

"Twerp? Huh, that's a new one." She says and then, disappears in a shimmer?

'A cape?!'

"Though it kinda is my business, seeing as I'm here to arrest you and all." The same voice says from behind me.

Swinging around I aim my crossbow at the voice.

She dodges to the side as I pull the trigger. Launching a bolt into the junkie's shoulder.

"Aaagh! Bitch!" The thug shouts in pain.

She looks behind her and I take that as my chance to run. Dispersing and going through the brick wall I had just come from.

"The fuck was that?" I say quietly to myself.

'A new member of the Wards? Doesn't matter. I'll just run like always.' I start to take off.

Running through and around the containers of the warehouse and phasing through a brick wall. Landing in the alley on the other side of the building. I look around to see if any other Wards are nearby. They always patrol in pairs.

Not seeing them up or down the alley, I walk towards the street.

"Y'know, if you wanted to lose me. The smart tactic would be to head up towards the roof."

Looking behind me I see the same little girl. Still partially obscured by the shadows cast onto the alley by the streetlights.

"Or at least not go in a straight line through the building."

'Is she a teleporter?' That could make this tricky.

"The fuck you even want? Shouldn't you be attending to the piss stain bleeding out over there?" I say, nodding my head in the direction.

She just shrugs.

"Eh, he's not going anywhere. You on the hand? Well let's just say I'm in the mood for a game of cat and mouse." She says happily.

'This midget bitch thinks she's the predator here?' I think with a slowly growing rage.

Raising my crossbow I fire a bolt at her, aiming to hit her leg and show her that little girls shouldn't mess with big dogs.

*Shatter*

Only for her to break into little pieces of glass that fade from view.

"The fuck?" I say in confusion.

"Do you, not know who I am?" Her confused voice rings out behind me.

Swinging around, again. I see the same little girl now blocking my path to the street.

"Should I? What, you the new Ward mascot or some shit? Got your own figurines and plushies?" I say with a mocking shake of my head.

I don't keep track of news outside what I need to know. And new Wards are not on the list of need to know. The streets are where I get my info.

She seems to think for a bit before responding.

"I think I'm going to enjoy this a bit more than I thought I would." She says plainly.

"And why the hell is that. You're just some guard dog from the PRT trying to hunt a wolf. I think you should show some more concern." I ask. Everyone knows the Wards are kept out of any real fights.

'Does this rug rat really think she's hot shit? Sure, teleporters are rare, and tricky to deal with. But a bolt to the gut is still a bolt to the gut.' I think to myself.

Though her confidence is getting me to worry.

As I get that sinking feeling in my gut, she shimmers and fades away.

A tap on the top of my head makes me flinch and look up. Only to fall on my ass as I stare into the glowing cat like eyes and fanged Cheshire grin of the girl. She's standing on the wall of the building. Horizontally.

"Hi, I'm Kitsu!"




Kitsu POV


Holy crap, is this fun!

I enjoy messing with people, that goes doubly so for people who give the best reactions or those I feel deserve being knocked down a peg.

By the way, I already healed the guy who got shot. He's fine. I don't really care what happens to him. But Carol and Mark would be upset with me if they found out I let him die.

Back to now, I watch as she scrambles up and runs to the street.

I'm currently holding myself up with invisible illusions.

She makes it to the sidewalk before she trips over an illusionary bar. Rolling with the fall she keeps her momentum and continues running.

'Okay, that was cool.' I think at the display of athleticism.

Turning invisible again, I jump over to the warehouse across from the one I'm on. Using platforms to course correct my jump so I land on the brick ledge instead of the sheet metal roofing. Touching down I run along to follow her.

She ducks around the corner to the side of another building. Pressing herself against the wall of the warehouse as she peeks around the corner to the street where she came from.

I can hear Missy and Vergil arguing about what to do in the background, but I'm not focusing on them.

Enhancing my strength I break off a piece of the brick ledge. Tossing it up in my hand a few times. Watching in amusement at the seemingly floating rock. I aim at a trash can not ten feet away from Sophia.

*Tang*

I watch in further amusement as she, turns, jumps, and shifts into mist to carry her further. She goes to about halfway across the street before she starts to descend.

Landing on the other side of the street just before the sidewalk. Reforming and loading a bolt, she aims at the alleyway she previously occupied.

I make an auditory illusion of my voice behind her.

"Boo."

She swings around and fires her bolt a the base of a street lamp. Imbedding the bolt in it.

'Someone's jumpy.'

I watch as she looks around everywhere. Not seeing anything she races further down the street. For my part, I continue to follow after her from the rooftops. Still invisible.

This continued for several minutes, her dodging through alleyways and buildings. Constantly looking behind corners she passes. With me making random sounds here and there to keep her on her toes.

I stopped after about twenty minutes. Content to just tail her to what I presume is one of her stashes.

I expected her to do more or be smarter. But all she's been doing is running, phasing through buildings, making odd turns and that's it. If she were smart she'd have smoke bombs, or flashbangs. Or she would roof jumping.

Before too long she made it to the east slums, making her way up a condemned apartments fire escape. She phases through the window and I hear her rummage around before going quiet.

Checking my phone I see it's 10:40

"Whelp." I say. Popping the p at the end. "It was entertaining at least."

Making my way from the rooftop I had situated myself at, down to the rusty fire escape. Careful not to make too much noise and alert the batman wannabe.

Standing outside the boarded up window, I make an illusion of the boarded window, over the window. Then make the sound of a thunder clap and rain to mask the sound of me ripping the boards off.

Passing through the illusionary boards, still invisible myself. I see her there in the dark. Mask off, she was aiming her crossbow at the window. I stalk around to the side and watch as she relaxes. Putting the crossbow down and sitting back in a chair behind her.

I keep the sound of rain hitting the building going, just to sell the act.

If she were smart, she'd notice there weren't any storm clouds a bit ago when she was running.

Oh well.

I lean against the wall next her and watch as she rubs her eyes of the sleep gathering in them.

"Least I got away from the teleporting bitch." She sighs.

Not being able to resist, I lean in close next to her ear.

"You really didn't." I say and turn off, all of my illusions. The window, the rain sounds, my invisibility.

Enhancing my perception and speed, I grab her exposed face and shut off her motor neurons.

I watch as she slumps over and drops out of the chair.

She's awake and fully conscious, she just can't move a single voluntary muscle.

"Looks like you lose." I say, knowing how much that one line would piss her off.




Meanwhile




Missy "Vista" Biron POV


"This is soooo many levels of BULL!" I say to no one in particular.

Me and Vergil are stuck watching over the merchant grunt. I'm sat on a the ground, knees up to my chest, resting my arms and head. While Vergil is leaning against the wall, arms crossed and staring towards the street.

"I know, but I ain't being put on console duty for two weeks, a second time." Vergil courses out.

I know he hates this as much as I do. But we were told to wait with the unconscious guy until Armsmaster showed up.

Protocol for crime? Call in and await instruction. If it's violent? Call in and intervene. If there's a parahuman involved? Stay back, call in, monitor the situation from a safe distance and await instruction.

"This is how she got away the last three times!" I say.

"I know! Alright, I know. But if we go after her and we mess up. It's our heads. And if I mess up bad nuff, they might just send me back to the Midwest." Vergil explains.

"This sucks."

*RRRrrrrmmmmnn*

"Finally!" I say, throwing my hands up in exasperation and stand up.

'Almost thirty, damn, minutes!'

Pulling up in his cobalt Armscycle.

Dumb name.

Armsmaster parks and dismounts. Walking towards us he gives a curt nod.

"Vista, Static Shock, status report." He says.

I respond before Vergil can get the chance.

"Kitsu chased after the vigilante while we babysat the tweaker." I inform him.

"I assume this was when the report was made?" He asks.

"Give or take a minute, yeah." Vergil says.

"Have you gotten any word?" He asks.

"No, we haven't." I say.

"Why not? To my understanding you've been with each other all night. None of you thought to establish a line of communication?" He intone.

"I forgot." Vergil admits sheepishly.

"I couldn't just ask her for her number!" I defend.

"Why not?" Armsmaster asks.

"Uh, because."

'I can't just come out and say it's because I have a maybe crush on her and was too shy!'

"Because I forgot." I try.

"Don't lie to me Vista." He presses forth.

'Damn lie detector.'

"Well, I, it's personal." I say and look away from him.

"I don't care if-" He starts, but stops and stares directly behind us.

"Kitsu, I have thermal detectors in my visor now. I can see you." He says.

"You're no fun!"

Turning around I watch as Kitsu shimmers into existence. Crossed arms and an adorable pout. Tail swaying and ears down, she glares at Armsmaster.

"I'm not here to be fun. Did you catch Shadow Stalker?" He asks.

"Yep." She says. Though she's still pouting and glaring.

"Where is she?" He asks.

Kitsu turns away.

"I don't wanna say! I found her, she's mine now!" Kitsu defiantly says.

"Kitsu, if you don't turn her over, you'll be charged with either housing a criminal, or kidnapping." Armsmaster threatens.

"I'll just drop her off at the police station then." She says defiantly.

"Kitsu?" I say gently.

"Yes?" She replies and looks at me with a tilt of her head.

"Can you please hand over Shadow Stalker, wherever she is?" I ask nicely.

She stares at me and sighs.

"Fine, you're lucky you're cute." She says and jumps up towards the roof.

I feel my face heat up rapidly at that, and I take a few seconds to regain my composure.

She returns with the cloaked figure over her shoulder and tosses them up and over to Armsmaster.

He catches them and their hood falls off. Revealing a young African American girl. Armsmaster quickly throws her hood back over her face and looks up towards Kitsu.

"Why did you unmask her?" He asks sternly.

She shrugs.

"I didn't, I was tailing her to her hideout and when I approached her, she was already unmasked. I grabbed her face when she let her guard down and I shut off her motor neurons. I left the involuntary ones on, couldn't have her suffocating because she wouldn't breathe." She explains.

"How do we bring her in if she is effectively in a vegetative state?" Armsmaster asks.

"Just have Static Shock keep ahold of her. Electricity shorts out her breaker state, causes massive pain and all that." She says nonchalantly.

"Wait, this whole time we had a hard counter to her, and we just didn't know?" I ask.

"Pretty much, yeah." Kitsu says.

Vergil stands up from leaning on the wall, turns around, and starts hitting his head against the bricks.

"Why did you not inform us of this? We could have had her apprehended a week ago." Armsmaster asks.

There's a bit of a silence before Kitsu blushes.

"I didn't think about it." Kitsu says quietly.

Armsmaster seems to take in the information before turning to Vergil.

"Static Shock, you will be handling Shadow Stalker for now. Kitsu, can you reactivate her motor neurons?" Armsmaster orders.

"Sure." She rushes over and slaps Shadow Stalker in the face.

"Fuck! God Damn Bitch!" She says as she falls out of Armsmasters arms.

She tries to get up and phase but Vergil just shocks her with a small line of electricity.

"AAAaAAaAAaaggggh!"

She drops down convulsing on the ground, heaving in pain.

Vergil throws his hands up in surrender.

"I didn't but that much juice in it, swear!" He defends.

"Fuck, VERGIL!?" Shadow Stalker shouts, looking up, tossing her hood to the side.

"SOPHIA?" Vergil exclaims in surprise.

"KITSU!" Says Kitsu, jumping up in between the two.

"FUCK OFF!/Not now!"

"Sorry." She says, ears flat and tail down. "I'll uh, just go, over here, yeah." She says and shuffles over to stand next to me.

With her ears down, the top of her head only comes up to just about my lips.

She shuffles on her feet a bit, looking between Vergil, the now named Sophia, and Armsmaster. Who are all either arguing or hashing things out. I'm not really paying attention

"Did you have to smack her?" I ask.

"No." She says.

"Why did you?"

"She called me a twerp." Kitsu says.

'I mean, fair enough I suppose.' I think with a shrug.

Glancing down at her I find my mind wandering to the sleepover we'll be having. Hopefully.

Still need to convince my mother.

'What will I wear? Should I show up in a dress or would that be too much? Maybe just casuals? It is a sleepover between two friends.' I think. 'Oh god, Vicky will be there, will she see through me? Or-'

"I'm just, gonna go home now. See you Friday Vista." She says and quickly walks away before jumping over a roof.

Watching her disappear into the distance, I'm brought back to the current situation.

"Some hero you are dumbass. Couldn't even tell the target you were looking for was in the room over from where you sleep!" Sophia jabs.

"Like you got room to talk! You couldn't figure out I was a cape! Heck Static Shock shows up any time I ain't in the house, and he only popped into the bay when I got here!" Vergil shoots back.

"Wait what?" I ask.

'Damnit, every time she's around I just zone out!'
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus
.
.
-Dallon house 8:35 pm-
.
.
Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV
.
.
Walking back into the kitchen after checking in on the girls.

"Alright, Vicky and Amy are asleep, Kitsu's out. What did you want to talk-" I stop as I notice she has the bottle of expensive wine out.

Which means one of two things.

Date night, or serious talk.

With Vicky and Amy still in the house, it's an easy guess.

Taking a seat, I mentally prepare myself. She always sits at the head of the table, and I sit adjacent to her at the corner.

"Okay, what's this about?" I ask.

She takes a breath, pours a glass and downs it. After a second, still staring at the empty glass, she speaks.

"Mark, did, did we have Vicky too early?" She says softly.

'Holy shit, serious talk indeed.'

"Well, what do you mean?" I ask uncertainly. Not sure where this is going.

"I mean just what I said, I was eighteen, you were undiagnosed, I was still in therapy. Do you think we should've waited?" She says.

That, that. I don't know what to think about that.

"I don't regret having her, I'm proud of her and who she's becoming despite her faults. But, would it have been better if we had her later on when we could've provided better emotional support for her? I love her and trust her with all my heart. But you can't deny she didn't exactly get the best home life with us and how we were." Carol vents.

She's not wrong. And it's no one in particulars fault. We both had issues that kept us from being proper parents.

"I, maybe. Maybe we should've waited. And that's my fault, I shouldn't have pressured you so hard. Especially when I wasn't ready to be father myself." I say softly. Taking the bottle from her and pouring my own glass.

"That's not entirely on you. Neither of us knew about your depression. And when we found out I should've done better to make sure you remembered to take your pills." She replies.

"That's not your fault, I should be responsible for my own actions." I defend her.

"We vowed in sickness and in health. And I clearly failed. It took a complete stranger just popping in to show me how badly I failed." She says with a morose laugh.

"I failed just as much as you. I should've helped with raising Victoria like I promised. Even then I should have taken Amy stepping into the picture as incentive to start making good on my promise." I say.

I really did just completely fail to help out. And I can't help but feel as though that's partially why Carols trust issues are still so bad.

If she can't trust her own husband to keep a promise, who can she trust?

The fact that she isn't saying anything to refute me just proves my point.

We both sit there in silence, neither of us knowing how to proceed the conversation.

*Riiinnnggg*

Carol reaches into her pocket and pulls out her phone.

"It's Kitsu." She says softly.

Answering it she speaks.

"Kitsu? Is something wrong? You just left not an hour ago." She asks.

…

"I have, several, questions as to why you decided to ask now of all times, and who is this friend. It's not Lung, is it?" She asks.

…

She looks to me for a second before saying anything further.

"Give me a minute, I need to talk to Mark."

She puts the phone on mute and sets it down.

"She wants to have a friend over Friday for a sleepover, one of the Wards. Vista." She says.

Vista? Which one is that? Oh!
"Little V, that's what Vicky calls her." I inform her.

A look of recognition crosses her face.

"Oh? Okay now I remember. Do you know her name?" Carol asks.

I shrug my shoulders and shake my head a little.

"I've only heard Victoria refer to her as that. But she's about the same age as Kitsu, makes sense that they'd want to spend time together." I say going to sip my glass of wine.

"She said Friday, so we'll both be here. I don't see a problem with it so long as you don't." She says.

We would both be here to supervise. I doubt Kitsu would allow anything to happen, but that wouldn't be enough for Carol. Not until she knew the girl personally.

"She has been well behaved, I don't see a problem with it. We can make a game night of it." I say hopefully.

"Alright." She says and picks the phone back up, unmuting.

"I'll need to talk to her mother first, but it should be fine." She says.

…

"I need her mother's number first Kitsu." Carol says with a roll of her eyes.

"She got excited and almost hung up didn't she." I say with a smile.

She looks at me with a smile and a quick nod.

'Heh, hyperactive little fox.'

…

"Yes, I'll try and talk to her tomorrow. Have a good night Kitsu."

*Click*

She sets the phone down and takes another sip.

*Creaak*

Both of us to look the hall where our rooms are.

Amy walks into the kitchen, dressed in her cape robes. She stops and stares at us wide eyed.

"Where are you going?" Carol asks.

"Uh, the hospital?" She says.

"Now? You've been there all day. I think you could use some rest." I say.

"I'm fine." She says and continues her way across the kitchen.

"Amy, please go back to bed." Carol says tiredly.

That got both me and Amy to stare at her.

"What?" She asks.

"Since when did you care?" Amy asks. A look of genuine confusion on her face.

"Look I, just, please? I'm sure you helped enough people today." Carol asks. "They have a full staff of people who trained their whole lives to do what they do there. They can go another couple of hours without you."

Amy just stares, before turning around and slowly making her way back to her room. Pausing only once to look behind her, as though to make sure we were real.

After we hear her door close I look back to Carol.

"So, what was that about?" I ask.

"Being nice worked with Kitsu, I was trying to see if it worked with Amy." She says with a shrug.

She takes the bottle and pours another glass.

I sip my glass and go to speak.

"You know, Vicky brought up therapy for Kitsu the other day. Thought you should know."

She looks at me with concern.

"Did she say why? That's, rather out of the blue." She says.

"I asked, she wouldn't tell. Just danced around the subject." I say. "Maybe you could get more out of her on the subject."

She nods before downing the rest of her glass.

Getting up she takes the wine and places it back in the fridge.

"I've got work in the morning, if I drink anymore I'll get a hangover. Are you coming to bed?" She asks.

"Yeah, let me just finish my glass."
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N I was going to extend the bonus further. But felt it would just get repetitive and that things stated in it can be parsed out throughout the story.
.
Is it any surprise that after almost half a week of people refusing to say what happened, that Missy would come to her own conclusion? Remember, she was in her own little world while Dean, Dennis, and Vicky were talking about Kitsu. Only snapping out when addressed directly.

At which point she left.

She wants to be friends with Kitsu first. Then see where that leads. And with how cagey everyone is being about the mall incident she doesn't want to ruin any chances with Kitsu by bringing it up. For now.
.
Apparently Brandish's weapons are so hot, or vibrate at such a frequency that they cauterize wounds instantly.

DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH ENERGY THAT REQUIRES!?

Seriously though. It's a lot. The best estimate I could find online comes from an overview of electrical fires. And the temperature is around 500 C. that's 932 F.
And that's on the low end. She can cut through steel with ease. Steel has an average melting point of 1510 C. That's 2750 F.
Yeah, Kitsu found her new favorite supplier of energy.
.
Like I said before. Kitsu lacks social awareness and is kinda dumb when it comes to relationships. Unless someone is being blatant, her mind will always resort to other ideas before it assumes romance when it comes to her.

This primarily stems from her lack of social interaction for most of five years, and a lack of confidence in herself when it comes to such things.

And she was glad that Vista had seemingly all but disregarded what happened at the mall and wanted to be her friend.
.
Shadow stalker thought she was dealing with a teleporter, that's why she was zigzagging everyhere and through buildings rather than taking to the rooftops.

Even then I can't think of a scenario where Sophia gets away from Kitsu without help or Kitsu getting overconfident and making a mistake.
.
The secondary lens behind Kitsus' retina is called tapetum lucidum, it's a real thing nocturnal animals have.
.
All Kitsus' Case 53 aspects, at least the noticeable ones.

Large fox tail-

Pro: It's cute, soft, warm, fluffy, and helps give her an extreme sense of balance second only to Circus. It's also part of her involuntary nerve system. She doesn't need to think about it when moving as it adjusts itself. Brushing it feels good.

Con: It's very sensitive and is mostly part of her involuntary system, she HAS to think about it when walking through doors, sitting down, getting dressed, ect. Or she'll hurt herself. It also gives others a VERY clear view of her mood, as well as needing dedicated time to keep groomed. And the part connecting to her spine is very sensitive, in a bad way as well. It can be a pressure point to exploit and having it grabbed or yanked can be extremely painful. Enough to make her cry in pain.

Wagging, excitement/happiness. Swaying, content/relaxed. Twitching, nervous/anticipation. Drooping, tired/sad. Stiff, tense/on guard/aggressive. Tucked, scared/fearful. And it occasionally curls around others she shows affection for.

She can control it, but for the most part her tail moves on its own.

Her large ears-

Pro: Again, cute, soft. And when scratched just right, feels heavenly to her. She has a sense of hearing better than any human could hope to reasonably understand. Giving her near auditory omniscience of her immediate surroundings. Not echolocation but still good.

Con: They are VERY sensitive. And she has to actively tune things out otherwise she'll hear more than she really ever wants. It's easy to temporarily incapacitate her with quick, loud sounds. Or just a lot of noises at once. And she has to be extra careful bathing or water will get in and it is NOT a fun experience. Not to mention it limits her ability to listen to music. And like her tail, acts as a massive tell into her thoughts to those who pay attention.

Ears down, embarrassed, nervous, anxious, aggressive. Ears up, excited, happy, attentive, or on guard. Ears twitching, distracted or unfocused. Ears relaxed at an angel, content, relaxed, tired, bored.

Her vulpine eyes-

Pro: she can see in the dark and they produce a slight glow in low lights.

Con: She requires more time to adjust to brighter lights, making it easy to blind her.

Her extended canines-

Pro: they're cute, she can give a nasty bite if she wanted.

Con: there isn't really any. Though if the could be hurt, the amount of times she'd have bitten her togue or lip would be insane.

Her developing nose-

Pro: A sense of smell that will be on par with nature's best trackers.

Con: There is a reason humans don't have that. She can smell the chemicals in cleaners, making the things they add to cover those smells pointless and she can be overwhelmed by throwing multiple smells in a single area at once.

There are other features that will start appearing later on as she finishes developing, but to put them in here would spoil it.

Metacarpal and Digital pads on her feet.

Pros: they give her better traction while running and prevent and soreness. Also, TOE BEANS!

Cons: She needs her shoes to be custom made to accommodate. She's very self conscious about them and as such never mentions them. And almost never goes without some form of foot covering.



Oddly enough, thanks to her new developing sense of smell, she's starting to prefer natural smells. Cologne, perfume, deodorant, and air fresheners have so many things mixed into them that it's both distracting and unappealing, they're the olfactory equivalent of playing seven dubstep songs at once and trying to follow along.

Adrenaline helps her deal with the sensory issues when in a fight, but it doesn't negate them. Someone taking a picture with the flash on will blind her in every day life, leave her seeing spots. But in the middle of a fight or an intense situation? It'll wear off much quicker, or seemingly have no effect as she switches to other senses as unlike most who rely almost entirely on sight. Kitsu uses her senses of sight and sound in almost equal measure, with her sense of smell growing stronger it'll be even more spread out.

Ironically enough, a flashbang is her weakness XD


I'm done for the day
good night!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Vahzal Haal Rah, Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt and 357 others
Newb to the game
Mar 16, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 19
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#140
A/N The Reason I blitzed through those chapters is because I really wanted to get through that part of the story. I won't be doing that again.

-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-Wednesday April 7th 7:30am-
-Dallon House-




Kitsu POV


Sitting at the table and munching away at my pop tart. Toasted of course.

I'm wearing my Korina outfit again, it's cute and functional, and I didn't feel in the mood for anything in particular today, so I settled on this.

Vicky is finishing up her hair and Amy is just sitting across from me, staring at her coffee. She hasn't even taken a sip yet.

"You okay?" I ask.

She doesn't respond.

I make a visual illusion of a miniature me pop out of her coffee.

"PanPan!" It shouts in a squeaky voice.

"What the fuck?!" She shouts, knocking the coffee across the table.

I speed out of the way, not because it's hot or anything, but I don't want to ruin these clothes.
We stare at each other for a bit.

"I'm not cleaning that." I say.

"You!" She starts before stopping with a sigh.

"Are you okay?"

"I'm fine." She says grumpily and gets up to get a paper towel from the counter.

"You see, the thing is, I just don't believe that." I say accusingly.

"Sounds like a personal problem, you should really fix it." She says, ripping a handful off the roll.

"Maybe you could help by explaining why you're acting so weird." I counter sweetly.

"Sorry, not in helpful mood right now." She says.
Enhancing my speed, I grab the paper towels and clean the coffee spill, then wipe it all down again with wet paper towels and then dry it. Throwing them in the trash I rush back to her.

"How about now?" I ask.

She stares for a second before turning back to the counter.

"Nope." She says and grabs another cup from the cabinet.

"Oh come on!" I whine.

Sitting down in the other chair I contemplate what to do as Vicky walks in wearing her standard teen spirit get up.

Amy pours herself another cup while Vicky throws some bread in the toaster.

As I'm thinking Amy and Vicky sit down.

"So what happened?" Vicky asks. "Heard a bit of shouting."

"Amy's acting weird." I say.

"Rat." Amy says between sips of coffee.

"With your knowledge of biology, I'd assume you'd know I was a fox." I snark back.

"I'd need a team of specialists to figure out what you are." She shoots back.

I beam a smile, leaning forward and resting my head in my hands.

"I'm just that special." I say cheerfully.

There's a bit of a pause as she stares. Sips her coffee. Smacks her lips and then continues.

"Yeah, no. That's too easy, I'm not going there." She says and gets up.

I furrow my brow in confusion.

"What?" I ask in confusion.

"Don't worry about it." Vicky says as she eats her toast.

"Well now I really wanna know!"

Seriously, I don't get it.

"Come on Kitsu, we don't want to be late." Amy says, putting her cup in the sink.

"Answer me human female!" I shout at them.




-Gym class-




Kitsu POV


We're playing basketball.

I was playing basketball.

I tried enhancing my speed to just above everyone else, but coach Hussman called me out.

Yeah, I didn't use any of my powers last time so he knows about my actual capabilities and that I can turn the speed and strength off.

So here I am arguing with him.

"Then what's the point of me being here?" I ask with a huff.

"To keep you physically fit and give you a healthy respect for exercise." He says in the way only a teacher who's said the same thing to hundreds of kids before can.

"My biology doesn't allow me to become unfit!" I retort.

"Then it'll help you become naturally stronger and build up your endurance." He retorts. Crossing his arms and looking down at me.

"My body doesn't allow for that either!" I say with crack in my voice at the exasperation.

"How?" He asks in that 'oh really' tone.

"I can't be hurt, right?" I say, talking to him like the idiot he is.

"I've noticed, and your file did mention such." He says.

"How are muscles built?" I say and cross my arms at him.

"By straining and tear-" He starts reciting before stopping as realization hits him.

"Muscles are built up by straining and damaging the muscles fiber. After which the body repairs and replaces said fibers, fusing old ones and placing new ones on top. Since the requirement for this process to begin is to damage muscles, and I-" I start to explain.

"I get it." He stops me with a raised hand, before placing said hand to the bridge of his nose. "Just, go sit with Victoria on the bleachers."

And thus ended my involvement in just about every exercise in P.E. from that day on.

Delegated down to Vicky's bench buddy.
.
.
Chem class saw me paired up with Chris. Oddly enough.

I didn't mind too much, he's smart and understands most of what's said. However.

He's very distractible.

"And that's the interesting thing about them, we still don't know just how they keep from electrocuting themselves." He rambles off.

"Chris?" I say.

"Yeah?"

"We were talking about molar conversion." I say plainly. "Don't get me wrong, the process by which electric eels produce electricity is interesting. But time and place."

I don't even remember what led to that.

He blushes and looks back to his paper.

He keeps staring at it, doodling at the sides of the numbers with a frustrated look. Seeing him get more and more frustrated I decide to see what's going on.
I take his sheet from him, look at it and notice what's going on.

All the numbers he wrote are in the wrong spots, and he's mixing multiplication with addition as well as confusing powers with multiplication. He wrote seven to the second power as fourteen.

At least I think that's a four.

"Um, can I have that-" He starts nervously, but I put a finger up to stop him.

I'm seeing where this is going wrong.

They gave a basic chem sheet to a kid with dyscalculia.

I put the sheet down and go over to the teachers' desk, he's currently talking to a kid who's confused about the conversion of liters to moles.

I grab one of the extra sheets and a few pieces of spare paper while the teacher just cocks an eyebrow.
Making my way back to our spot I sit back down with Chris and hand him his new paper.

"Um, what is?" He asks.

"Shush, I'm helping you." I shush him.

Enhancing my mind to think faster I proceed.

While we were talking, and he was on task, Chris was getting the answers correct. He just had to take a minute and talk it out. But by the time he finished talking through a question he had moved on to the next without writing anything down, and that was assuming he didn't start daydreaming and straying off topic.

Looking back between the two sheets I keep writing out the problems on the page, only I'm phrasing them as word problems. Not an easy feat with the problems mentioning Avogadro's number. But the trick is to not use any numbers directly. Instead of saying ten times eight. Say something more concrete and easy to visualize, something you can draw. Like, if there is a tiny octopus on each of your fingers, thumb included, how many tentacles are there?

Bad example. But you get the idea.

'Honestly, why did he sign up for chemistry?'

After going through the problems and getting a minor headache from concentration, I hand him the paper with the spare sheet I wrote.

I effectively just spent an hour to rephrase every one of the eight questions. In two minutes.

"What are you-"

I grab his head and turn it towards the paper I wrote and drew on.

"Go." I say, tapping a pencil to the first problem.

"What?"

"Do it!" I say and shove the pencil into his hand.
All my patience has been expended.

"OKAY! Jeeze." He says as he starts, tracing the lines I wrote and mumbling out what he's reading.

After about another ten minutes he wrote out the answers on the worksheet.

To make sure he didn't get confused about which problem was which, I marked over the numbers and put shapes instead. Problem 1 on the worksheet has a triangle marked over the 1 and goes to the page with a triangle in the corner.

His handwriting is still atrocious though. Like seriously, his two looks like an s trying to be a z, only halfway through said "fuck it, I'll be an upside down five!"

He looks between the two and then back to me with a look of surprise.

"How did you?"

"Alright class turn in your sheets and head out."
I just stick my tongue out at him while I grab my things.
.
.
Art class!

Nothing of note.

I drew Ezio Auditore. I wanted to draw Connor Kenway, but I couldn't find any references online.
Wanna know the fun part about enhanced perception? Not speed, just enhancing my ability to process images faster and respond accordingly.
I can draw nearly twenty times as fast as a normal person. With no deficits.

So while everyone was starting projects and had basic sketches by the end of class, mine was finished.

Mr. Callies had put two and two together and figured I was using my speed to finish the drawing while he wasn't looking and told me that so long as I actually try in his class, he didn't care.

He was wrong about the enhanced speed, but I like him more now.
.
.
Making my way to lunch and turning invisible to mess with the others again, hopefully Eric.

Making my way over and ignoring all the smells I am now getting. I stop as I see the familiar mop of red hair.

Someone I'd been intentionally ignoring.
Dennis.

I just stand there, thinking.

'I could- no. Maybe we- no. How- no.'

I, really, can't bring myself to face him right now. Amy and Vicky I had no choice, I live with them. And I was going to ghost Vista, but I sorta froze on the spot and she just up said she was willing to forgive and forget.

'That turned out well! Maybe I can patch things up with Dennis?' I think and start walking again.

Then turn around and walk out of the cafeteria.

Give it more time.




-Dallon House 12:15 pm-




Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV


Staring at the little girl eating her leftover pizza at the kitchen table, I can't help but be a little confused.
I had just gotten the back yard mowed when I came in to see what else needed to be done around the house, and came up with nothing. Ever since I've been taking my medicine regularly, I've just been that much more productive. Normally I'd still have a full list of things to do still at this time.

Looking to Kitsu and then to my watch, I see it's only about twelve twenty.

"Hey kiddo, doesn't school let out at twelve thirty on Wednesdays?" I ask.

She shrugs before answering.

"The last half-hour is just lunch. I decided to just come home." She says, finishing her pizza.

'I'm not buying that.'

"Any particular reason?" I ask.

She looks away, ears flat and tail wrapping around her waist as she hugs it.

"Dennis." She says quietly.

Okay, that's fair.

Getting an idea of how to handle this I pick her up, cradle her in my arms and start making my way to the living room.

"What are we doing? This isn't the part where you drag me to Dennis's house to sort out our issues under the pretense of getting ice cream is it?" She says accusingly.

I will never know how her mind works. Though that's probably for the best.

"I was just taking us to the living room." I say with a small laugh. "Beside if I wanted to trick you like that, I'd say we were leaving for pizza."

She stays quiet the rest of the way there.
Setting her down on the middle of the three-seat couch and taking the seat next to her, I grab the remote.

She lays down on her side as expected, putting the throw pillow under her head. It's either that or she'll lean in an awkward position because of her tail.
Or grab a pillow and bunch it up behind her upper back.

'Should we get special chair for her? Maybe for her, when is her birthday?'

"Hey sweetie, when would you say your birthday is?" I ask.

"May ninth, why?" She says.

"Just curious." I say dismissively.

'One month away, I'll let Carol know.'

I put on Hell's Kitchen, knowing she likes Gordon Ramsay.

"Why don't you tell me about your day? Take your mind off things." I say.

She looks up at me, then lays her head back down into her arms on the pillow.

"Well, Amy was acting weird this morning." She starts.

"Weird how?" I ask.

"She looked distracted and was just staring at her coffee." She says then gives a cute little snort. "I scared her with an illusion of a mini me popping out of her cup." She continues, giggling to herself. Her tail slapping the couch cushions behind her.

'Must've been over last night.'

"How did that end?" I ask, knowing the likely answer.
She stops giggling and her ears splay back.

"She, uh, threw the coffee across the table in surprise." She mumbles quietly.

I can see her trying not to smile.

"What else happened?" I ask.

"Well, I got kicked from ever playing games in gym class again." She says plainly.

'What?!'

"Excuse me?" I ask in confusion.

'There had better be a good reason for that, or an earful will be the least of that coaches worries.' I think protectively.

"Well, I was using my powers. Hussman called me out on it, and we got into an argument." She start to explain.

"What about?" I press further.

"He said it wasn't fair to the others, I said there was no point to me playing otherwise considering, well, I have zero natural athletic ability. He said that I should still try, and that it'll help me stay healthy." She explains.

I see where this is going now.

"I brought up the fact that I can't be unhealthy, and that since I can't be injured, and therefore can't grow muscle." She finishes.

"I get it now." I say.

We sit in silence for a bit after that. Then Kitsu gets up and crawls into my lap to sit on my thigh, head resting against my chest. Not too unlike how she was with Carol yesterday.

"Are you okay?" I ask.

She nods her head, and her tail curls around my arm.

"Yeah, I, just like being close." She says softly and begins to rub her head against my chest.

I pick her up, turn her around so that her back is against my arm, which resting on the arm of the couch. Crossing one leg over my knee to cradle her and keep from squishing the base of her tail.
I'm doing this to avoid the issue Carol got with numb legs.

"This better?" I ask.

She looks up at me with wide eyes and smiles. Nuzzling into my shoulder.

"Yes." She says in a quiet, happy voice.
She continues to nuzzle into me as her tail wraps itself around my leg. Hooking under my knee and coming back up to rest in her lap.

"Carol's lap is still better though." She says.

I gasp in mock offense.

"And here we were, having a moment. And you go and bring up other people?" I say jokingly.

"I'm sorry, but hers is just softer and comfortable." She says with zero shame and sticks her tongue out at me.

I sigh in defeat.

"You're not wrong, she has just the right level squishiness." I say wistfully.

"She'd kill you if she heard you say that." Kitsu laughs.

I say nothing else on the matter. Not wanting to continue the line dialogue of my wife's body with a twelve year old.

Kitsus' giggling slows down and tapers off.

"I helped Chris with chemistry." She says.

"Who? It's not another boy I have to threaten, is it?" I say half joking, half serious.

I'll get Lungs number from Kitsu if I have to.
She shakes her head.

"No, it's not another boy you have to threaten. He's one of the Wards." She answers.

"So was the last boy." I point out.

She pouts as she moves her head away from my shoulder and smacks it back against.

"Lemme finish! Don't make me whack you with my tail again!" She says.

'Is she aware that anytime she tries to look angry she just comes off as cute and pouty?'

"Oh no! The tail! My one weakness! You have cowed me to submission, and have thus earned my silence. Continue to regal me with the story of this, Chris." I say dramatically.

She giggles more and nuzzles back into my shoulder.
"I helped him with his worksheet, the teacher gave him a basic sheet despite Chris having dyscalculia."

"You mean dyslexia?" I ask.

She shakes her head gently.

"Dyscalculia. It's like dyslexia, but with numbers instead of letters." She explains.

'How does that work?' I think.

"Never heard of that before." I say.

"It's not as common as dyslexia, but it's a real thing. I rewrote all the answers as word problems." She says. "Don't tell anyone though. He's sensitive about it and doesn't like being labeled with a disability."

I can only imagine.

"I won't." I say with a roll of my eyes.

"After that there was art, then lunch. Where I came home. And now here." She finishes off.

"Feeling better?" I ask.

She nods her head and nuzzles into me further.

*Brzzt*

Reaching into my pocket and grabbing my phone, I see it's a text from Vicky.

(Don't tell mom)-V
(I lost Kitsu)-V
(Shes not ansring her phone)-V

"Hey sweetie, where's your phone?" I ask.

"Charging, why?" She says, not taking her eyes off the TV.

"Did you tell anyone you were coming straight home?" I ask knowingly.

After a second or two her ears go flat and her tail unhooks itself and wraps around her front.

"Uh, maybe I forgot?" She says with an apologetic smile.

Texting back to Vicky.

(She is right here. We are watching TV.)-M
As I send that I get another text from Amy.
(Have you seen the fox?)-A

I wait a few seconds.

(Nvrmnd)-A

"So who was that?" Kitsu asks.

"Amy and Vicky, they're freaking out because they can't find you." I say.

She blinks a few times and tucks her head down to hide the lower half of her face under the fluff of her tail before responding.

"Oops?"




-Unnamed law firm, Downtown, 4:30 pm-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


Packing up my things and going through my mental to do list.

'Let's see, got my bag. Got my phone. My files are in order. What am I forgetting?'

It takes me a few seconds, but I realize that I never did call Vista's mother. And I still need to talk to Vicky about why she recommended therapy for Kitsu.

It might be nothing, but if it is something, I'm not going in halfcocked and potentially set something off. Vicky wouldn't just suggest therapy out of nowhere and if I'm going to do anything I need all the details.

"Might as well get that done." I say to myself. Grabbing my bag and fishing my phone out I dial for Vicky.

…

…

"Hey mom, what's up?" She answers.

"Not much, just packing up and getting ready to head home. I need to talk to you about something though." I say to her.

"Uh, sure. Whatcha need?"

"You told your father that Kitsu needs therapy, why?" I ask.

"Oh! Um, well, can we, not? Over the phone at least?" She says awkwardly.

'Now I really need to know.'

"When I get home, you better be there so we can discuss this." I say sternly.

"I uh, I'm kinda doing something at the moment." She says.

"This is not something to put off Victoria." I say seriously. "You don't just say someone needs therapy for no reason."

"I, okay. I'm heading home now." She relents.

"Alright, love you, bye." I say.

"Love ya, bye."

*Click*

'That's going to be a fun conversation.' I think sarcastically.

Going to have to get Kitsu out of the house when it happens. I don't know how good her ears are, but it's enough that when she listens to music she puts her radio on the other side of her room.

Making it to the outside of the building I dial the number of Vistas mother.

…

…

…

"Hi, this is Rebecca, I can't get to the phone right now so just leave a message." *Beep* A bored sounding voice replies.

"Hi, this is Carol Dallon, I was calling because your daughter wanted to spend the night with mine this Friday and I was hoping to verify if that was okay with you." I recite.

Now all I have to do is wait.

Making it the smokers area outside the firm I sit and wait for Mark.

I don't smoke but there are no other benches.
After waiting for a about five minutes I see Mark pull up.

Walking over, sliding into the passenger seat and setting my bag on the floor I let a small breath I was holding in.

"You good honey?" Mark asks.

Running my hands through my hair and grabbing the band to let my hair down I reply.

"Yeah, just hate waiting in smokers spot. The smell is nauseating." I say as I rest my head back.

"You could wait inside." He suggests, already driving.
I shake my head.

"Then I run the risk of someone coming up to me and asking for help filing or citing. Then I'm stuck over longer." I say tiredly. "How was your day?"

"Uneventful for the most part. Mowed the lawn, got the bathroom scrubbed, did the dishes and overall got everything done." He says.

Everything?

"That's good. Did you call the psychiatrist?" I ask.

He tsks and slaps the wheel of the car.

"I didn't. I completely forgot. I'll have to call tomorrow." He says.

"Do I need to have Kitsu remind you?" I say half serious.

He pauses in thought.

"Maybe? Speaking of, Kitsu came home early today." He says.

Early? From a vocational school?

"Did she have a reason? I hope she's not playing hooky." I say sternly.

He shakes his head slightly.

"No, nothing like that. She came straight home at lunch, she didn't miss any classes." He says. "She was avoiding Dennis."

'That's, understandable.' I mentally concede.

"She didn't tell anyone she was heading straight home though, so Vicky and Amy were texting me freaking out." He adds.

"Sounds about right." I think out loud.

Kitsu can be fairly absentminded and inconsiderate. Not in the malicious sense, just that she doesn't think to consider certain things or have any real common sense.

"She was in a bit of a mood so we watched some shows together while she vented about her day." He finishes.

"Where is she now?" I ask, partly curious, partly to see if I need to get her out of the house for the conversation I'm going to have with Vicky.

"At the house, she's messing with a few dandelions. She's trying to make them pink." He says with a chuckle.

"What?" I ask.

"Her biokinesis isn't limited to people it seems. So long as it's organic, she can mess with it. She managed to make them various shades of white and yellow by the time I left. But that's it." He explains.

"That could be, very dangerous." I say seriously, turning my head to look at him.

"She's just changing the color of flowers. I doubt she'd turn into another Nilbog or Bonesaw." He defends.

"Even still, we need to make sure she knows not to make any biohazards." I reinforce.

The amount of deadly things that have been made on accident throughout history is nothing to scoff at.

"I highly doubt she'd-" He pauses. "Okay yeah, I can see her doing that on accident and not telling anyone."

The rest of the ride home was filled with relative silence.

Pulling into the driveway and making our way out of the car to the house. Walking up and opening the door, I'm immediately assaulted by the little blonde menace as she slams into me and nuzzles my stomach.

"Did you miss me?" She says, looking up with a smile. Tail wagging like a dog greeting its owner.

"Sure." I say in a bored tone and pat her back.

She squeals and runs off before running back with a handful of purple flowers.

"Look what I did!" She says, shoving them up for me to see.

"I thought you wanted to make them pink?" Mark says behind me as I step around Kitsu.

"Close enough!" She says.

Ignoring the rest of their argument on the technicalities of colors. I make my way to Mark and I's room. Passing Kitsus' room and glancing in, she normally leaves her door open unless she's in there.
I look around and take in the theme she produced. It's a dim lit room only really lit by her starlight projector and the blue LED strips lining the rim of the ceiling. The light cast by the LED strips making the maroon walls almost purple where the light hits. There's her stuffed narwhal, a radio on the ground next to an outlet, opposite side of her room as her bed. And a cd rack next to it. Her rug splayed out next to her bed. And a dresser next to her closet door. She has a few clothes strewn about near her clothes basket and that's about it.

Out of habit at seeing the darker room I flip the light on.

Nothing happens and I look up to notice she had removed the light bulb. I want to be mad, but I never told her she couldn't and I'm aware that how light affects her differently. So I just shut her door.

Making my way to kitchen I see the table littered with dandelion of various colors, red, white and yellow.

"Kitsu! I'm changing out of my work clothes! If I get back and this mess is still here you're losing your radio!" I shout.

"You fiend! You wouldn't dare!"

I don't respond as I know it'll just lead to a back and forth that'll go in circles.

After making it to my room and getting rid of my bra, changing to sweats and a loose tee, I come back to see the table cleared of all but the purple ones. Which Kitsu is trying to weave into a wreathe.

"I thought I said to clean up the mess." I say, folding my arms.

"This isn't a mess, it's art! I'mma sell these." She says with a smile.

"Pretty sure using powers to make a profit is against NEPEA-5." I point out.

"Only if I file to make a business that markets said powers. It's how Parian gets away with her business. She's not marketing the use of her powers, she's just saying she can make clothes like anyone else can, while mentioning she has powers. Not that she uses powers to make clothes." She says.

It really is easy to forget she's smart, just hyperactive and lacking in common sense.

"Okay, still. Not at the kitchen table. This table is meant for food." I say.

"Dandelions are perfectly edible." She says smugly.

"Prove it." I say, calling her out

She stares at me for a second before, like the twelve year old she is proving a point, popping a few in her mouth. She chews with a sour expression then swallows.

After a second, she opens her mouth to show she ate them.

We stare at each other for a bit.

"Really?" I ask in slight disgust.

"Yeeaaah." She draws out. "I'm not proud of that one."
She bunches up the remaining flowers in her arms and moves to take them to the living room.

"Later we're going to have a talk about you playing mad scientist, got it?" I tell her.

"Kay!" She says walking off.

After a second I sit down at the table and pull out my phone. Dialing Vicky, it immediately goes to voice mail.

*Click*

Hearing a door open and watching as Victoria walks into the kitchen.

"I was just in my room." She says softly.

"Alright. Mark!" I yell for the man.

"Yeah?!" He says and walks in a few seconds later, leaning on the archway.

"Why don't you take Kitsu to the park or something? I need to talk to Vicky." I tell him.

"Is this about last night?" He asks quietly.

I just nod to him.

"Alright call me when you want us back." He says and heads back.

After a bit I hear the front door close and turn to Vicky.

"Alright, why did you say Kitsu needs therapy?" I ask.

She fidgets with her hands and looks away for a bit before answering.

"Well, we were talking about her power to change her appearance and Amy asked if that she looked like a child on purpose. At which point she got mad and explained that was just how she looked. That she's naturally short and that she is in fact physically twelve. That led to conversation about how old she really is, she doesn't know exactly, and that led to where she first came from. Like where she first appeared and all that." She rants.

"This better be going somewhere." I say.

I am not playing the 'drag out the issue' game.

"It is. She said she first showed up in Boston, at about midday, may ninth." She continues. "Only Amy was looking it up on the parahuman wiki and well. According to the wiki she first showed up in somewhere else later in the day, and she pointed that out and." She stops. Trailing off and looking away.

"And? Vicky stop dancing around the issue." I say, starting to lose my patience.

"Kitsu had a panic attack." She says quickly.

…

That is not something to joke about.

'I've seen the aftermath of Kitsu being frozen alive. She literally walked it off and joked about it.'

"Elaborate." I say sternly.

"Well, Amy pointed out how Boston was under quarantine at the time. Then Kitsu got quiet, then pale, then unresponsive. Then started shaking and looked ready to cry." She explains quickly.

I can feel my heart thudding at the implications.

"Then, I later found out why. The time and place Kitsu said she first appeared was the sight of a Slaughterhouse Nine quarantine." Vicky finally finishes.

The thudding in my chest stops as I feel my heart drop into my gut.

"Oh, oh god." I say softly, eyes going wide at the implications.

Vicky just stares at her hands that are currently clasped together.

"When was this?" I ask seriously.

"Uh, last week. When her hair was white for a day." She answers.

'That long ago?!'

"And you didn't think to mention it sooner!?" I shout.

"I told dad she might need therapy!" She defends.

"Victoria! You can't just say something like that and expect people to just-!" I stop and take a breath.
I calm myself and think about what to say next carefully. Getting angry and shouting won't help anything.

"Vicky, I love you, but that is something that could've used a bit more tact." I say as I calm myself down.

"Well, I promised I wouldn't talk about it! And the only reason I suggested therapy is because Amy figured out it was PTSD from the Nine!" She continues.

'Amy is the one that found out?'

"Amy found out it was the Slaughterhouse Nine? What were you doing?" I ask.

She looks away sheepishly.

"Uh, well, I." She evades.

"Victoria Dallon." I start softly. "Are you telling me that Kitsu had a PTSD episode, and you didn't think to find out why, or tell someone?"

"I, promised Kitsu I wouldn't tell anyone it happened?" She defends, though her tone suggest she knows it's not a viable excuse.

I stand up and pull out my phone to dial Amy. Putting the phone to my ear I wait.

"Uh, who are you calling?" Vicky asks.

"Amy, we're getting this sorted, now." I stress.

"Mom! She's at the hospital! She-" Vicky tries to stop me.

"She's there every single day. She can spare a minute to talk." I say.

'Now that I think about it, Amy is healing people every chance she gets.'

"Carol? What is it, you never call."

"Amy, Kitsu had a panic attack-"

"Again!? Where is she!?" Amy shouts.

"A few days ago. Let me finish." I reprimand. "What were you planning to do about it and why wasn't I informed sooner?"

"I've been speaking to child psychologist and trying to figure out how to handle it. Try and figure out how to bring it up without said little girl having an episode and possibly turning violent." She explains.

I give a side glance to Victoria.

"At least one of you was trying to do something. Next time something like this happens, inform me." I say and hang up.

"I was trying to help!" Vicky says.

"The thing I'm upset about, is that you didn't tell me. Or try to come up with something other than effectively shoving the issue off to someone else." I stress.

As I feel my blood pulsing in my ears from the reality of the situation sinking in, I take another deep breath to calm myself.

"Vicky just, go. I need to figure out how to handle this and tell your father."

"Mom I-"

"Vicky." I stop her. "I still love you, yes I am upset with the method you took to this." 'Or lack thereof.' "But I still love you and understand that you were trying to help. Right now though? I need to be left alone to think."

We stare at each other for a bit before she turns around and heads back to her room.

I sit back down and put my head in my hands. Holding back the urge to cry at the thought of what Kitsu might have gone through.

People die when the Nine show up. The lucky ones do at least. The unlucky ones die after. The very unlucky live. No encounter with the roaming band of serial killers ends well.

The rate of suicides linked to them goes to show just what I mean.

"How do I deal with this?" I ask myself quietly. As though I'll magically get an answer.

'Amy has the right idea, it's not like I can just go up to Kitsu and say, "I know you're a Slaughterhouse Survivor so I'm putting you in therapy." There's no telling how she'd react.'

Taking deep breathes to calm myself and force the lump in my throat down.

…

I pick up my phone and dial Amy again.
…

"Carol? Is, something wrong?" I hear her ask tentatively.

"You've been talking to child psychologist right?" I ask.

"Yeah?"

"Do you know how to-" I stop and think of a way to properly phrase what I'm trying to ask. "Have you come up with how to approach the issue? To Kitsu I mean."

"Honestly? Outside of waiting for the topic to come up naturally or just pull a Vicky and rush headlong into the problem? No." She says.

'That's what I was afraid of.'

Taking a deep breath and sighing.

"That's, okay."

"I know. I- hang on, what? No. I, yeah I know just- I gotta go. They just brought in a guy with a power drill through his neck."

*Click*

Setting the phone back down I slowly contemplate as I'm forced to reevaluate everything I know about Kitsu. If all this is true? Best case is she saw some things that left her scarred. The worst case is she was a direct victim.

'I need to let Mark know somehow.'

*Brzzt*

Looking down at the phone I see it's a message from Mark.

(Bit of an issue. Call when you get a chance. We're on our way home.)-M

Glad for the distraction I call him immediately.

…

"Hey, I got you on speaker, I'm starting the car." He says.

"What's the issue? Kitsu didn't break anything, did she?" I ask.

"Who do you take me for? Vicky?" I Kitsu groans out.

"Is that Kitsu? She sounds sick."

"Yeah, that's why I wanted you to call. Apparently she ate a few of those dandelions." He says.

"Yeah, I was there for it. She said dandelions were edible, was she wrong?" I ask slightly concerned, slightly amused at the possible karma.

"No, I looked it up. Dandelions are perfectly edible, normally. Whatever she did to make them purple turned them toxic." He explains as I hear the car start.
"Such is folly of man! For in his attempt to play with very forces of nature, he be felled by his own creation." Kitsu cries out.

"Sounds fine to me if she can be that dramatic." I say with a roll of my eyes. "And I guess this can be a perfect example of why you need to be careful when experimenting. How is she?"

"She already threw up twice." Mark says. "She's fine, just a little under the weather."

"Life is pain." Kitsu adds.

"Can't she just, use her biokinesis to purge her system?" I ask.

"That's what the second time was for!" Kitsu shouts.

"She tried, but according to her she isn't aware of what's going on in her body at all times. She has to actively look, by the time she started feeling sick most of the toxins were already in her system." Mark explains.

"Can't she flush them out from her blood or something?" I ask.

"I'm trying! I'm not PanPan!" She whines.

"She's not as good as Amy when it comes to manipulating biology." Mark translates.

"Of course she isn't." I say under my breath as I pinch the bridge of my nose. "Alright, how far are you?"

"A few blocks down. We'll be home in a few minutes. We didn't even make it to the park."

"Alright, I'm wrapped up here. I'll talk to you when you get home." I say tiredly.

"Right, see you then."

*Click*

Once again I'm left alone to my thoughts. And all I can find is a whole lot of nothing in regards on how to handle the current situation.

'Maybe I can get that doctors number from Amy.'
Picking up my phone and sending out a text to ask her the doctors contact info.

After a bit of waiting and getting the info for one Dr. Ahmad, Amy texts that I should wait until tomorrow as she would inform him to await a call from me.
Having that done with, I decide to move to the living room to greet the arriving duo when they got here.
Sitting on the couch, grabbing the remote and flipping though channels I hear the car pull up in less than a minute.

Kitsu stomps in and makes her way over to me, or rather next to me as she flops down face first onto the couch.

"Don't plop on the furniture." I tell her.

"MMmmmnnnmm!" She screams into the cushion.

Mark walks in soon after and closes the door behind him. I raise a brow in question and nod towards the growling little girl.

He gives me a flat look in response.

"She's upset because a lot of things went bad for her today." He says.

Kitsu pops her head and whines.

"Today has done nothing but suck!" She shouts and plops her face back down.

"And why does today suck?" I ask, rolling my eyes.

"It just does!" She shouts through the couch cushion.

"I thought you were sick?" I ask.

"She was, then she figured she could enhance her metabolism and burn through what was in her system." He answers, moving to take a seat in the recliner.

"So then what's the problem?" I ask.

"She just hasn't had much of a good day." He says.

Looking down to the mop of golden blonde hair and ears splayed back. I reach down and scratch her ears. Watching in amusement as her tail starts to wag.

She coos before darting her head to the side.

"Nyo." She says defiantly.

After a second or two I go back to scratching her ears, and once again she presses her head to my hand, tail wagging, before abruptly moving away.

"No."

"Okay, what's your deal here?" I ask, not wanting to play this little game of hers.

"I'm mad. I want to be mad. Let me be mad!" She protests.

'Angsty teenager then.'

"Well too bad. I don't put up with angsty teens in this house." I say.

I pick her up and hold her in front of me. Her legs dragging on the couch next to my lap.

"What is with people just picking me up lately? This is like, the fourth time in two days." She says incredulously with a pouty look.

"If it makes you upset you could ask us to stop." I say plainly.

She says nothing and just glares, gaining a little bit of a blush as she darts her eyes away from me.
"I never said I didn't like it." She mumbles and I roll my eyes.

I'm trying to treat her normal. But after what Victoria told me? About how she might very well be a survivor of the Nine? I can't help but feel as though I need to walk on eggshells around her.

God the thought of her in a panic attack horrifies me. And not just because of the damage she could cause.

I bring her close and hold her against me. Holding her like I did yesterday. With her sideways in my lap.

"Um, not that I mind. But what're you doing?" She asks.

'Taking a leap of faith and hoping it doesn't blow up in my face.'

"Kitsu, you know if something is bothering you, or if something happened, we won't judge you alright?" I say in my best attempt of a comforting voice.

"Okay, now you're starting to scare me." She says concerned.

I can see Mark raising an eyebrow out the corner of my eye.

I'm really not good at this.

"Look, is there something you need to get off your chest?" I ask plainly.

She stares in confusion for a moment before a quick flash of realization dances across her face. She looks away, ears down and tail twitching.

"Uh, no?" She says not meeting my gaze.

"Kitsu. If you don't want to say, that's fine. Just know that putting it off won't help." I try to reassure her.
She fidgets and squirms in my lap.

"OKAY FINE! I'm the one that broke into the Delgatto's house and ate all their pop tarts! And broke their window!"

…

"What?!" I ask in astonishment.

Her tail curls around to the front of her as she tries to hide behind it.

"Is, that not what this is about?" She asks diminutively.

"It is now!" I say.

I feel her move to jump off my lap, but I hold her still.
"No! You are not getting out of this!"

"That was about a month ago! And I only did it because I needed a place to stay!" She defends frantically.

"You are going over there tomorrow, you are apologizing, then you are going to ask what you can do to make up for it little girl."

"But!"

"No butts! Or I'll take Mr. Star." I say sternly.

She gives a horrified look before going limp and sighing, tail falling to her, and my, lap.

"Kay." She says quietly.

After a few moments, she notices I haven't tossed her off my lap. Looking to me, then around, she slumps against me as she wiggles around to get more comfortable. Curling her knees up to rest her legs on my thighs.

With her tail still curled around to her front she looks up to me.

"You can uh, you can scratch my ears now. If you want." She says awkwardly.

I just sigh and scratch her ears as requested.
She squeals and nuzzles into the top of my chest, still holding her tail as she scoots closer to press herself against me as best she can.

'Wait, who are the Delgatto's?'




-Next day, 7:20 am-




Kitsu POV


Something weird is going on here.
First last night with Carol. She was being rather accommodating and affectionate. Don't get me wrong, I thrive on affection, but Carol doesn't get affectionate without prompting.

Not to mention I heard her ask Mark to get me out of the house so she and Vicky could talk.

Then at dinner Vicky was oddly quiet and Amy refused to look at me.

Mark seemed curious about it, but not willing to say anything.

And now Vicky straight up just won't look at me, and when she does she looks apprehensive. Like she's hiding something.

Amy is back to normal. Though that could be because of her lack of coffee.

We ran out.

I'm wearing my version of Leaf's outfit by the way, even changed my hair and eye color to greyish brown. I'm even wearing the hat; it's modified with grooves in it so that it just folds my ears to the back of my head instead of squishing them.

Back to the present!

"Okay, what's up?" I ask.

After a few seconds Vicky pipes up.

"What do you mean?" Vicky says suspiciously between bites of her cereal.

"That!" I say, leaning up and pointing across the table at her. "You and everyone else besides Mark have been acting weird! Well, PanPan gets a pass because she's always been weird."

Amy, who is on her phone scrolling through something, just flips me off without looking.

"See what I mean? She didn't comment on the PanPan part!" I point out.

Amy looks up, looks to me, then to Vicky. Then back to her phone.

"Maybe it's just you?" Vicky says.

I level a flat glare at her.

"Don't try to gaslight me. At least Amy has the decency to not say anything." I say seriously.

"How about this? If you still want to know by the end of the day, we'll tell you. Deal?" Amy says, looking up at me.

I can tell this is going nowhere. And we have to leave in less than half an hour so I don't really have a choice here.

"Fine."
.
.
-Arcadia high, 8:10 am-
.
.
Making my way to social studies I contemplate about what could possibly be having everyone in the house acting weird.

Whatever it is Mark is seemingly in the dark, that or he's better at acting than the rest of them.
Vicky is deflective and almost looks ashamed when she looks at me.

Carol was treating me like I was made of glass, outside the incident with me confessing my b&e.
Amy, was grumpy as usual. But she doesn't normally avoid looking at me.

Taking my seat in the front row, marked by the fact that it's the only one with an open back, I set my bag down and stare out the window as I think some more.

Could it be about my estrus? No, Carol only started acting when me and Mark came home. Could it be about me manipulating plants? That would explain any apprehension on Carol and Amy's part. But not Carol's carefulness and affection around me. Or Vicky's out of character behavior.

As I'm thinking I hear the familiar voice of Vergil and Dennis talking as they approach the door to the room.

Wait.

My eyes widen in realization as my heart drops in anxiety.

'I share my first class with Dennis! And I sit next to him!"
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus
.
.
Benjamin Kirby Tennyson POV


So many ideas! So many possibilities!
Not long after I woke up in the hospital did my mind get flooded like some freaky mind download.
After getting home I had looked up powers and founder I was a tinker. There was nothing else it could be. Then I saw the classifications on breaker and changers and got an idea!

I'm currently working on said idea. A sort of dictionary for the various amalgamations I'll create. It'll allow me to safely test my experiments on myself by taking a sort of snapshot of my body and saving it every time I use it. Then when I try out a new splice it'll turn me back before anything permanent can be done to my DNA. And then I can use its secondary feature. It'll take a snapshot of the forms I turn into, allowing me to use them whenever I want!

I'm not an idiot though. It'll always default my DNA to human after ten minutes. That way I don't get stuck as some freaky chicken man by accident.

I'd been using the science kit "Santa" got me last Christmas to look at and modify the DNA of various things.

I have five splices to try out as soon as this is done!
I had to use my dad's old watch and my mom's jewelry to make the equipment I needed to actually do anything other than just look.

But it worked!

Somehow.

"Alright, lets try this!"

*Click*

It whirs to life as the hourglass dial spins.

"Yes!"

It's a little clunky, and impossible to hide.

But I plan on following the one who saved me. Let everyone see my face and know who I am!

Just gotta do this next part.

"Okay, this is gonna suck big time."

I grab a shirt from my dresser and stuff it in my mouth for this.

Placing my wrist in the watch-like device, clamping the bottom shut as I press the green buttons on the sides of the dial.

*Whriiiiiiiiiiii*

I see white as I feel the device drill the white tubes into my wrist.

I fall to the floor in pain as I feel a burning sensation course through the bones of my forearm.

"MMMRRRRMMRRMRMRMMNN"

In what feels like hours, it's over.

Panting and looking over at my alarm clock, I see it's only been a minute.

Giving myself a second to catch my breath. I get up and grab one of the test tubes from the science kit, this one labeled red.

(Steak-Spider-Weird thing found in the alley)

Popping the stopper off I twist my wrist so my new watches tube feeder is latched to it. I turn it upside down and watch with excitement as it drains into the device.

Not able to wait, I yank the test tube off and press the upper and lower green buttons on the dial. It raises up, and the green hourglass shifts to be a green diamond displaying the number 1.

With zero hesitation I slam the dial down.

I feel a sense of extreme pain and burning as I grow an extra set of arms and eyes, and I grow to nearly twice my height.

"AAAAAaaaaaarrraagh! Note to self, add in nerve dampeners for when transformation takes place." I say in a new, raspy gruff voice.

Looking down I notice the only thing that survived the transformation were my cargo shorts. And my skin is red and well.

I

AM

BUFF!

"Ben? Are you okay in there? We heard thumping and crashing." I hear mom call out from the other side of my door.

"Crap!" I say quietly, looking around my room for something to hide myself. "Uh, I'm fine?!"

The door opens at that, and I pause like a deer in the headlights. Mom staring at me wide eyed and face draining of color.

"I can explain?"

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaAAaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!"
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus
Le second?
Warning, it gets morbid.
.
.
Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane
.
Turns out Skidmark was more intelligent than I gave him credit for.

Controlling a bunch of tweakers, dealers, and junkies with nothing in common other than drug addictions and poor quality of life wasn't as easy as it seemed.

"I, I, I, I, Swear! I, I, I, I, won't do it again! You got my word!" The younger mixed African American boy said.

Though he could've been Hawaiian, or Samoan, it didn't matter, and I didn't really care.

He's currently strapped, naked, to a rotating table, slanted and locked in place so that he's on an incline, able to see me if not for the blindfold. Various machines jerry-rigged to him to monitor his vitals. Here in one of my test labs set up throughout the slums. A dingy place that couldn't even be sterilized as it wouldn't make a difference.

"You see that's just it. Your word isn't nearly as valuable as the results I'll get to see." I say. My ventilator mask adding a slight rasp to the sound.
He was a younger boy, maybe sixteen, seventeen at the most, a child in nearly every sense. But he had tried to break into one of our labs and steal a quick high.

So an example needed to be made.
I look to my table and go through the various aerosols.

"Let's see here~ no, no, already have that one well documented, maybe this one?" I say aloud. Knowing he can hear.

"Please! I, I'll go clean! It wasn't even for me! Someone else made me do it!" He shouts.

At this point he's likely just spouting out random things to hopefully save himself.

It fills me with a sense of nostalgia and happiness as I remember how my father would discuss this with me when I was little.

About how the mind reacts to fear and danger. How it resorts to nearly every alternative to avoid certain dangers when presented with an unfavorable situation. How there is no universal constant when it comes to fear. Everyone was different. With different experiences, traumas, phobias, excreta. All mixing into the person and making them unique, with unique triggers and unique reactions.

I never really understood any of it at the time, too young, too dumb. But the passion my father had in his voice and on his face. I miss it so. When I kept asking questions, he would explain in great detail, happy to just have someone listen with eagerness.
It makes me want to use the fear toxin, to feel just a little bit closer to him again.

I shake my head at the thought. While I'm sure my father would be touched at the sentiment. He'd likely be just as, if not more, disappointed at me wasting this opportunity to test a new concoction in such a controlled environment.

He was above all else, a scientist after all.
Picking up the aluminum canister with a blue stripe and connecting it to a modified BVM. I walk over and strap it to the boys face.

"Now, lets see what this one does. Do be a good patient and allow me to record the data properly."
Twisting the nozzle on the canister and watching as the blue gray smoke fills the mouthpiece.

He squirms and screams. The heart monitor going up, and up. His blood pressure dropping. Blood leaking from his mouth and nose into the mouthpiece and I sigh in annoyance as it clogs.

'Going to have to replace that one.'

His skin becomes discolored and bruised in various spots as the poison runs rampant through his system.

He stops squirming. After a moment, the heart monitor stops all together.

Grabbing a voice recorder off the table, labelling the scotch on it, I press the button and begin my analysis.

"Subject lasted four minutes and thirty-two seconds before expiring. Death occurred by either cardiac arrest or hemorrhagic hypotension. Unclear as to whether loss of blood caused the heart to stop, or the heart gave out. Lack of extreme violent motor activity implies either lack of pain accompanying symptoms, or a severe reduction in motor functions." Removing the blindfold, I continue my observations. "Subject displays subconjunctival hemorrhage, eyes are still aligned. Severe post mortem discoloration of the skin resembling hematomas forming implies death caused by severe hemorrhaging. Aside from stated observation subject displays all typical signs death for male individuals. Body is in a state of releasing waste and subject seems to have post mortem priapism. Whether that is a result of the newly tested aerosol or a natural occurrence in this case is yet to be determined. Further testing will be needed." I finish.

Placing the recorder down and taking a deep sigh to myself. Happy to have decent moment to myself.
At least I have little moments like these away from the idiots that make up the rest of this place.

Looking at the body I think about how to get rid of it.

"Where is that new recruit? What was his name again? Cletus?"
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N Scarecrow be cooking up the merry band of psychopaths for his new version of the Merchants.
.
.
While yes most of what Kitsu eats gets turned into energy she uses, that mostly just applies to calories and the like, things that normally get stored when in excess. Anything that can't be burned into energy gets shoved through as waste.
So yes, if she ever developed lactose intolerance, she'd either need to live without pizza or figure out how fix it.
.
For the part with Chris's Dyscalculia, I pulled from real life and how one of my friends deals with his Dyscalculia. To him numbers are just abstract intangible things that require 4d chess levels of comprehension to understand. But if you rephrase it as a word problem? Or just talk it out? Oh that's easy!

I remember one conversation in middle school.

"Instead of using this weird, Japanese hieroglyphic, why can't they just be like, a set of fingers?" He said, referring to the number 5.

He was having a rough day.

"With or without the thumb?" I said jokingly.

"Fuck off."
.
.
I love you guys so much, I'll give you a view into [Conduit]s nature.
As mentioned before [Conduit] is just the designation Kitsu gave because she didn't like the original one. [Manipulator]

In all actuality if we were to compare [Conduit] to the shards of Scion. [Conduit] would be something of a mix between the Faerie Queens and Skitters.
Faerie Queens is the one meant to collect and parse through information at the end of the [Cycle]. Skitters is the Administrator to the other shards.
[Conduit]s role in the Wanderer was to parse through and reallocate the data of other shard pieces. They were the one checking and double checking the others, parsing through and ensuring no deviant codes emerged. And rewriting them as needed. This is how [Conduit] has so many expressions of power, it's seen the coding of so many others that it knows a thing or two. And it's why [Conduit] is a deviant. It was the one looking for deviances in others, there was no one to check on [Conduit]

If [Conduit] was made for a [Cycle] then it would mostly express itself as either breaker, master, or trump powers.

Which is ironic seeing as Kitsu mostly got the breaker power of using energy to shift into an enhanced state, while everyone assumes she's a trump.

The funny part is that Kitsu has access to an unlimited source of energy seeing as [Conduit] has the [Answer] but can never use it as it would effectively light a beacon to the entire existing network.
.
The issue here is that the Wanderer has no interest in the [Cycle]. It doesn't care about surviving the heat death of the multiverse because it simply doesn't see the point. So it wanders, observing other [Cycles] and civilizations, doing its own thing.
[Conduit] developed a deviancy that caused it to get bored with the repetition of its role. And it spiraled from there, desiring something new, seeing data on the [Cycle] that the other shards brought through from the Wanderers observations. Gaining a desire to participate. Collecting deviant data instead of reworking or deleting it. And finally, when it saw a chance? Jumped on the opportunity, grabbed a body from a parallel earth and popped it into Earth-Bet. Rushing everything in its excitement.

Ironically enough the entity that doesn't care is the one that has a shard that came across the [Answer]
.
As always comment! I thrive on reviews.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Vahzal Haal Rah, Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt and 335 others
Newb to the game
Mar 18, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 20
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Apr 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#152
Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Thursday April 8th, 8:23am-

.

.

Vergil "Static Shock" Hawkins POV

.

Overall the last couple'a days have been, eventful is the nice way of puttin it.

"So what's going to happen to her?" Dennis ask.

We're currently on our way to first period.

"Well, right now they're talk'n juvie." I say offhandedly.

"What about your aunt, what's she think about all this? Gotta be rough on her." He says.

Reaching the door and opening stepping in I go to reply, only to pause as I see the familiar gold and blue outline where there is no one in the seat. Her pink back pack is next to the seat though.

Normally my aura sense is something I have to mentally turn on, but the faraday cage 'round the school messes with my powers a bit, forces it on while I'm in it.

"Hey, you good?" Dennis asks from behind me.

"Uh, yeah. What'd uh. What'd ya say again?" I ask as I walk past Kitsu and sit at my desk next to hers.

Dennis follows me and leans on the desk.

"I asked how your aunt was taking the news about your cousin."

"Oh, right. Uh, dunno how to put it but. Aunty Janine kinda just, I think she gave up the moment she learned what Sophia was up to this whole time." I say awkwardly.

Really, aunty had given up a while ago. This latest revelation just put the nail in the coffin. It's sad to think about, but it's the truth.

"Oh, uh. Look on the bright side!" Dennis says awkwardly. "No more late-night patrols!"

I just stare at him as he keeps an awkward smile.

After a second or two of us staring at he just nods and heads to his seat.

Kitsu is still invisible and doesn't look to be showing herself anytime soon. Looking over to her, she's still just sat there.

Class starts not long after, with the teacher coming in and starting us off.

Judging by how he looked at Kitsus' bag on the floor. And how he kept glancing to her seat, he probably figured out she's there.

Mr. Midgley was one of those people who just noticed things. Man had eyes as sharp as a hawk.

At the end of class, when the bell went off. He watched us leave. And just as I was getting up he spoke.

"Not you, I'd like you to stay behind."

Lookin' up in confusion I see his eyes staring towards Kitsus' desk.

Not at her, she was already up and halfway to the door. But it was clear to me who he was talkin to.

'The heck?'

"The rest of you can go."

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

'What the flying fuck? Can he see me? He's looking right at me.'

I move to the side, and I see his eyes dart to Vergil, then to where I am now.

'Oh! He just knows Vergil can see me. Clever girl!'

I decide to just get it over with and walk to his desk. Waiting for everyone to leave, watching various kids with different levels of confusion walk out the door.

Once the last kid leaves I dispel the invisibility.

His eyes widen a bit as he looks me up and down.

"Okay, your file mentioned the ability to change appearance, was not expecting that." He says slowly. "Want to tell me why you decided to play the part of the invisible man for an hour?"

"How did you even know I was there?" I ask.

"Two reasons, one, your bag was there, you didn't make it invisible until you grabbed it to leave."

'Damnit!'

"Two, when you were first invisible, when you popped up. Vergil was the only one not surprised. This whole class he kept glancing to your seat." He finishes.

…

'Holy shit this guy is good.'

"Y'know, for a guy who needs glasses you sure seem to see a lot."

He chuckles at that.

"You are certainly not the first to say such a thing. Now, back on track. Why?" He asks with a disarming smile.

"I was, avoiding someone." I say quietly.

He hums in thought.

"I can make a guess as to whom. But I'll respect your privacy on the matter. Just know that whatever issues you have with the person. Avoidance will only make it worse." He says softly as he leans back in his chair.

"I know." I groan out.

"Hmm, right then. I said it before but no powers in class. I'll let it slide this time. But next time I'll be calling your mother." He says.

"That's-" I start but pause with a sigh. "fair. Wait, you mean Carol?"

He nods.

"Right then, now go on. You don't want to be late for your next class." He says and rocks forward to put his elbows on his desk.

I just nod as I head out to the hall, dodging a boy as he opens the door.

.

.

-Dallon house 8:57am-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

Drying my hair with a towel as I step into my room and head to the closet. Stretching back with my arms above my head as I notice Mark staring at my naked form.

"You're doing that on purpose." He say with that damn smirk.

"Maybe." I say coyly. "Take it in while you can, you still need a shower, and we need to talk about yesterday."

He rolls over on the bed to sit at the edge.

"We could have saved time and taken a shower together." He says raising an eyebrow.

"And we both know that if we did that, the hot water would run out before either of us got clean." I shoot back.

"It'd be worth it." He says.

"Stop tempting me. Now go." I say.

"Fine, fine. I need to go shopping for groceries today anyway." He says and stands up. Clasping both hands behind his back and stretching back.

Wincing and holding back the gag at the very audible pops and cracks. I glare at him and throw my towel in his face.

"You did that on purpose." I accuse.

"Maybe." He says coyly and heads out of the room.

'God I love that man so much.' I think to myself as I pull a set of clothes out of the closet and get dressed.

It's not that I don't want to fool around. Lord knows it's been a while. But there really is quite a bit that needs discussing. And as much as I love the man, his medicine makes it, difficult, for him in bed. And the medicine he takes for that turns him into the living embodiment of stamina. Which is great and all, but not the best when you live in a house with two, now three, other people. Makes it damn near impossible to find a moment to ourselves.

And he really does not make it easy to say no to him. Especially when he's been taking his medicine regularly. It reminds me of a younger him. When we first got together. It doesn't help that he hasn't really aged at all! If you take a picture of him at twenty, and put it next to him now? He's got a bit more muscle and that's it. Almost twenty years and not a difference.

'Lucky bastard.' I think to myself as I finish getting dressed and head to the kitchen.

Off his meds? He's self-absorbed, inattentive, forgetful, and I hate to say more because I know that none of it is his fault.

On his meds he's the ideal husband, for me at least. Attentive, reliable, caring, and more than a little goofy at times. Not to mention he doesn't mind that I'm the bread winner. Something I know has caused friction between Sarah and Neil.

And it makes me grateful that he's stayed with me this long. And ashamed that I didn't help him with his issues more.

*Ring*

Hearing my phone in the other room, I turn around and go to get from the nightstand. Only to be too late as it stops ringing the moment, I reach it.

I open it and scroll through the call log to see who it was, as I'm attempting to recognize the number, I get a notification that a voice mail was left.

Clicking it I get the standard; you have one unheard message. And listen in.

"Hi, yeah, this is Rebecca, Missy's mom. I don't mind her staying the night, I'll drop her off at four tomorrow."

'That's right, Kitsu is having a sleepover with her friend. Wait, she said it was Vista, so Missy is her actual name. I feel like I've heard it before.' I think to myself.

Mark did say her and Vicky are friends, maybe that's where I heard it and I just forgot?

I go ahead and call her back.

…

"Hello? Didn't I just leave a voice mail?" The same voice rings out.

"Yes, but I was hoping to actually talk to you. Make sure there wasn't any miscommunication and all that." I say and sit on the bed.

"What more do you need to know? Missy is staying over at your house with Vicky isn't she?" She says in that plain tone of hers.

'Wait.'

"No, she's staying over with Kitsu." I correct.

"Who the hell is Kitsu? This is Carol Dallon, Brandish, right? You said it was a sleepover with your daughter." She asks.

"Yes, and Kitsu is my foster daughter." I clarify.

She's silent for a bit.

"Hello?"

"Yeah, was just googling it. Kitsu? So, you're-" She says dubiously.

"Yes, I am fostering a Case 53. That's not a problem, is it?" I ask with an edge to my voice.

"She doesn't like, eat people or anything weird does she." She asks incredulously.

I have to set the phone down on the bed for second and calm myself down. Picking it back up I resume the conversation.

"No, she does not, in fact, eat people. She has auditory and light sensitivity issues, but that's about it." I say, barely holding in my annoyance.

"You don't have to talk to me like I'm an idiot." She snaps.

'I talk to people the way they act.' I think bitterly.

"I'm sorry, I just woke up and my brain shut off for a second. Back on topic, does Missy have any allergies I should know about? And phobias I need to be aware of?"

"No?" She says in a slightly confused tone, almost like she doesn't actually know.

"Okay, just, wanted to make sure." I say.

*Click*

…

She hung up.

"Missy better not be anything like that." I mutter to myself.

Getting up I make my way back to the kitchen to wait for Mark.

Going through the cabinets and fridge I notice we're low on more than a few things like Mark said.

As I'm doing that, I hear Mark walk in. Turning to him I sit down at the table and he follows suit.

"Should I get the wine?" He asks.

"No, there's a bit to do today and day drinking is never a good thing." I say seriously.

He nods his head in agreement.

"Alright, so, what did you learn from Vicky?"

Taking a breath and feeling my heart drop at the topic that's about to spoken I get it out and over with.

"Kitsu, is a Slaughterhouse Survivor." I say seriously.

He doesn't show any reaction at first. Then gets up, puts his hands in his hair, paces to the fridge. Takes a deep breath in, and after a second lets out a shaky breath with a nervous chuckle.

Still staring at the fridge, he swallows a lump in his throat and turns around. Sitting back down with a shell-shocked look, he rests his elbows on the table, hands coming down to cover his mouth and rest his chin on.

"How sure are you?" He says plainly, lacking any real emotion in his voice.

"About three fourths sure. According to Vicky, Kitsu had a panic attack when she, Kitsu and Amy were discussing where Kitsu came from. May ninth, two thousand five."

"The day Leviathan sunk Newfoundland?"

"Yeah, only she showed up in Boston. When Amy pulled up the parahuman wiki, it said she showed up in someplace north of Boston, a few hours after she said she first did."

"Okay? That still doesn't prove anything." He says with a little hope.

"Mark, that's when she had the panic attack. When Amy mentioned it was impossible for her to be in Boston because it was under Quarantine for the Nine." I explain.

He goes silent again, outwardly shutting down at the information.

I don't blame him.

"That, that would, what are we going to do?" He asks.

"Honestly? There's nothing we can do. We have to wait for her to want to do something about it." I say sadly. "Amy is putting me in contact with a child psychologist to get advice, but other than that?" I give a hopeless shrug.

"Therapy? We could let her know she's safe and loved here at least. Talk to her." He says, putting his hands out in suggestion.

"Mark, you and I both know well enough. You can't force someone into therapy, that only makes the issue worse. They have to want to get over their issues." I say seriously.

"I know but, the Nine?" He says and turns to me. "Carol, the shit we've seen and been through is, it." He struggles to continue, a look of panic and worry on his face. "The Nine make it look like child's play!"

"I KNOW!" I shout in frustration. "I know, but, there isn't anything we can do."

I don't need to imagine the things she'd seen or been through.

We sit in silence for a few moments before Mark goes again.

"Fuck, what if that was her trigger?" He says in a small voice.

"What do you mean? She's a Case 53. They don't trigger, they just appear." I say confused.

"They have to come from somewhere. And one of the leading theories is that of a trigger event so bad it leads to repressed memories." He says.

It, would make some sense. But still.

"Look, I need to call the psychologist, you need to call the psychiatrist. We can talk more after that okay?" I suggest.

He nods, gets up, and heads back to our room to get his phone.

Pulling out my own I dial the number Amy sent me.

…

…

"Hello?" Says the voice of an older, Indian man.

"Hello? Dr. Ahmad? This is Carol Dallon. Is now a good time?" I ask.

"Ah! Young Amy told me you would call. I have a few minutes to spare, but I must apologize as that's it." He says.

'Better than nothing.'

"I'll make it quick then. Kitsu, you are aware of what's going on with her?"

"Young Amy has eh, informed me as best she can." He says calmly.

"Is there anything you can give me?"

"Honestly? Unless I see the child in person? Not much, trust in others is the most important thing when it comes to overcoming trauma from one's past. And from what young Amy has said, Kitsu does not want to acknowledge her trauma. And forcing her to do so could destroy any trust she has in you."

Back to square one then.

"What I can say is this. Make sure she has a safe space, and that she trusts those around her. Hopefully she'll open up with time." He finishes. "Allow her an area she can retreat to, one where she will always associate with safety and relaxation."

"So, stay out of her room?" I ask.

"No. If she trusts you then it is fine. But if she is trying to get away from something, don't bring it in there." He corrects. "That is all the time I can spare unfortunately; I wish you a good day."

"Thank you for your time."

*Click*

Putting the phone on the table, I think about what I could possibly do going forward.

There really is nothing. And if I keep treating her like a porcelain doll she's bound to catch on eventually.

While I'm thinking, Mark comes back in.

"I gotta head to the pharmacy this afternoon. I was wondering if it was okay to take Kitsu with me, spend some time with her and all that. I'll do the grocery shopping right after." He says, leaning against the archway to the hall.

"Yeah, alright that sounds good. Just, try not to treat her differently, okay? Also go ahead and pick up some snack stuff as well as extra blankets and pillows. I talked with Vista's mother, she'll be over at four tomorrow." I say. More tired now than when I went to bed.

"Sounds good, do you want me there to help supervise or?" He asks.

I give him a wry smile and lean forward, resting my head in my hand.

"Mark, it's a sleepover between two, twelve year old little girls. You can, but you'd best expect to have your hair braided and nails painted by the end if you do." I say sweetly.

"My hair is a bit too short to braid." He counters.

"And Kitsu can manipulate biology to a degree that she pull people out of comas and change the color of flowers." I shoot right back.

He stares at me as he considers my point.

"Staying in my room! Got it." He says dramatically.

Looking at my phone, checking the time.

10:34 am

Still so early? The girls don't even get out for another two hours or so.

"Real quick, who the hell are the Delgatto's?" I ask.

He just shrugs. Not knowing either.

"Speaking of, maybe you could give her a pass on that?" He says gingerly.

I level my best 'Are you stupid?' look at him.

"Not like that! I agree that she still needs to apologize. Just, maybe wait until after her sleepover?" He corrects.

I think on that a bit.

"Yeah okay, come Sunday afternoon I'll take her over."

'It'll give me time to figure out who they are, at least.'

"Hmm, I expected the talk with you, Vista's mother, and the psychologist to take longer." I say absentmindedly.

"Well, what do you want to do?" He asks curiously.

I stare at him for a bit.

'It has been a while.'

"Think you can keep it to under an hour?" I ask coyly.

He looks at me confused.

.

.

-12:12pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I was going to confront Amy and Vicky at lunch, but Dennis was there. So, I headed home again. I sent a text as soon as I was out of the school. The moment they leave the school they'll get it.

We live in the same house, they can't avoid me forever.

Right now I'm walking up to the Delgatto's house. Might as well get this over with. Besides, I have a plan.

Making my tail invisible and my eyes normal, I ring the doorbell.

…

"Who is it?!" A woman's voice shouts.

"The one who broke your window!" I shout back.

After a few seconds, hearing the soft sound of feet on carpet. A blonde woman in her thirties, maybe twenties, opens the door.

Is it racist that I expected them to be Italian?

"What?" She asks with a glare.

Looking up at her I activate my love me power.

"I, was the one that broke into your house, when you were on vacation." I say in a small voice. Holding my hands in front of me and looking away at the floor of the porch.

She takes a deep breath, breathes out, and then speaks.

"Why?" She asks in a mix of agitation and concern.

"I, didn't have anywhere to sleep." I say quietly.

She doesn't say anything for a second, when I look up at her, all I see is a look of pity.

"Do you, have someone looking after you now?" She asks tentatively.

I nod my head.

"Are they, look, it was a while ago. And the window is already fixed and paid for by the insurance. Just, don't do it again okay?" She says in a tired yet concerned voice.

"You're not mad?" I ask looking up.

"Oh I'm pissed." She says. "But I'm not about to take my anger out on a little girl who broke into our house because she was homeless."

"For what it's worth, I'm sorry." I lie.

I'm not sorry, I don't care about these people. Hell, the only reason I remember their name is because it was on their welcome mat. And the only reason I'm here now is so that Carol doesn't drag me over here later. I'm not so confident I could pull this cutesy, 'I'm sowry' act and get away with it if she were watching.

"It's, can you give me their number?" She asks.

I don't see why not; you can literally google Carols number. She has two phones, one for work, one for personal use. So I give her Carols work number.

"Alright, wait. Shouldn't you be in school?" She says.

I shake my head.

"I go to Arcadia!" I say cheerfully.

"Aren't you a little young to go to high school?" She asks.

"I'm super smart!"

"Uh huh." I says in disbelief.

"Okay fine, I'mma cape as well."

She smiles and raises a brow.

"Really? What's your power?" She says jovially.

I dispel the illusion on my eyes and tail. And take off my hat. Watching in amusement as her eyes widen.

"I gotta get home now, kay?" I say and start walking off.

After I get back to the house, I cut off my master power.

Walking up I can hear the shower running. Stepping inside I'm hit with an unfamiliar smell that I can't quiet place.

I hear footsteps as Carol walks through the hall and leans on the archway.

"Kitsu? You're home early. Avoiding Dennis again?"

"Yeah." I say slowly.

I'm confused because I smell Mark on her more than I smell her.

"You okay?" She asks.

"Yeah, just." I walk closer to her and sniff.

No that's definitely Mark. She's there as well, as well as her soap.

"You smell like Mark. More than usual." I say.

Looking up I see her face heat up.

'Oh.' I realize and feel my face heat up.

We stand there awkwardly.

"Uh, congratulations?" I say with an awkward smile. Looking up at her beet red face.

Normally I'd tease the living fuck out of whoever. But I really don't need the image of what is essentially my foster parents going at it in my head.

"You will say nothing going forward. Got it?" She says seriously.

"It's nothing to be ashamed of, it just shows you two have a healthy relationship." I sputter out awkwardly.

"Kitsu, stop."

"Stopping."

I slip past her and dart to my room.

"Oh! And I apologized to the Delgatto's!" I say before closing my door.

Making my way to my bed and flopping down. Intent on blocking out the newly obtained info as best I can. I pull up YouTube to distract myself.

"Great, now I have worry about the resident sex detector. I'm losing privacy by the day." I hear Carol say softly as she passes my door.

Okay, I giggle at sex detector. Mainly because it's unfortunately true.

After a few videos of Red VS. Blue, I hear a knock on my door.

Going over and opening it to see Mark, holding back the blush at the subtle smell under his cologne. And the grimace at the cologne itself.

"Hey kiddo, I gotta do some running. Wanna come with?" He asks.

"Why would you need my help to run?" I ask with a tilt of my head. "Do you have bad knees or something?"

He rolls his eyes with a laugh.

"Errands, Kitsu, running errands. I gotta pick up my meds from the pharmacy and head to the grocery store. And pick up some things for your sleepover with Vista tomorrow." He clarifies.

I forgot all about that!

"What are we waiting for?! Let's go!" I say and grab his arm, pulling him to the door.

"Woah! I still need to get my socks and shoes!" He says, having not moved.

I turn around and push against him.

"Then hurry up! Mmragh! Move!"

He turns and moves to his room, me pushing him the whole time.

"Okay, okay. I'm going."

Going through the door to his and Carols room, I see Carol on their bed. Reading a book.

He goes to close the door, but I stop him.

'Ignore the smell. At least the sheets smell changed.'

"Hey Carol?" I say cheerfully.

"Hmm? What?" She says, not looking up from her book.

"You remember when you gave me energy?" I ask sweetly.

"You mean when I lobbed a spear at you? Yes." She says flatly, flipping a page.

"Can you?" I trail off, trying to hold in my excitement.

She looks up from her book, stares for second before standing up, laying the book on her bed and forming a bright spear. It's bright enough that I have to close my eyes as she tosses it at me.

Feeling it get absorbed into me I can't help squeal a little and tremble in delight at the feeling.

It's like eating your favorite food on an empty stomach! It's just so good!

"Mmmn! Thank you!" I say happily.

She doesn't say anything, rather just lays back down and continues her book.

"Alright kiddo, let's go." Mark says.

.

.

-Medhal Pharmaceuticals General Dispensary, 1:13pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

This is boring!

We're currently waiting in line, behind three other people.

"I'm bored!"

"Hi bored, I'm dad." Mark says automatically.

That gives me pause. As I'm filled with an odd mix of elation and anxiety and I grab hold of his hand for the comfort it brings.

"Hmm? Is, everything okay?" He asks, looking down at me.

"Yeah, just getting tired." I lie.

.

.

-Whole Foods Market, Downtown, 2pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Hopping out of the car, leaving my backpack in there. I still need it to sit in the car without squishing my tail. I rush over and open Marks door.

"C'mon! Hurry up old man!" I say, pulling his arm to rush him.

"I'm coming, I'm coming. Calm down, not everyone has super speed." He says with a slight groan.

I cross my arms and pout at him.

"Mark Dallon! How many years have you been married? You should know, never tell a lady to calm down." I say haughtily.

He puts a hand flat above his eyes, looking around the parking lot.

"What lady? I don't see one." He says.

"AH! I am offended good sir! I do so hope you have a plan in mind for recompense to sooth my soured mood." I huff and turn from him, crossing my arms.

I feel his hands grab my sides, and he picks me up, lifting me over his head and sets me on his shoulders.

I adjust my skirt so that I'm not flashing anyone and so my panties aren't pressed to his neck.

"How does a personal ride for the little lady sound?" He says in a dignified tone.

"Tis a start, now march peasant! You shall further earn your pardon with offerings of skittles and various other sugary tithing's." I say.

"Are you in drama?" He asks, moving to take a cart and head inside.

"No."

"You should be."

"Absolutely not! They're nothing but attention hogs and drama queens." I protest.

Grabbing the cart and heading inside he continues.

"And that's totally not you right?" He says.

"Of course not! I'm not a drama queen! I'm simply a queen. My majesty cannot be delegated to simply one realm." I say.

Making our way in, grateful for my hat as the air unit above blasts us as we enter.

"Do you drink coffee?" he asks as we make our way to the aisle.

"It's alright. I prefer cappuccinos or lattes." I answer with a shrug. "Why?"

"Just curious. I thought you'd preferred juice." He says. Grabbing the basic coffee grounds.

"I do." I say.

"You just said you prefer-"

"That was in regards to caffeine! Not drinks in general." I cut him off.

"Okay then." He says.

I rest my arms and chin on his head, close my eyes and just listen to songs playing over the store radio. Relaxing at the whole of everything.

After a bit Mark taps my thigh.

"What?" I ask, not opening my eyes.

"I can't see." His slightly muffled voice says.

Opening my eyes I see we're in the canned goods aisle, and my tail had wrapped around his head.

"Sorry, it does that." I say and force my tail back down.

"Pfft, I've noticed. Were you falling asleep?" He asks.

"Little bit, yeah." I say honestly and snuggle the side of my face into his head.

"Don't clock out yet, I don't need you falling off and hurting yourself. Maybe you should walk?." He suggests.

I consider it and realize he's right. So I move my legs around his shoulder as he takes the hint and crouches down to let me slide off his back. I drop down not a foot of the floor and we continue.

Walking through he grabs basic essentials, carrots, soup, pasta sauce ect.

Finishing here we make it the meat section, and I cover my nose at the smells. Not at the meat smell, the seafood.

"It smells worse than the docks." I whine.

"Don't worry, we just have to grab a few things. Then we'll be out of here." He says placatingly.

He grabs a pack of chicken breast, and a roll of ground beef and we head out as fast as we can. Which meant I zipped over to the cheese section and waited for him.

I'm waiting there when I hear small footsteps behind me. Turning around I see a small child in a pink shirt, maybe three or four, reaching for my tail.

Moving it away from them with a glare, they start crying.

I see their mother come over and grab the kid. Giving me the stink eye.

I ignore her soothing the child as Mark reaches me.

He looks to the crying child and mother.

"Is everything alright?" He asks.

Before I can say anything the woman goes before me.

"Just a little freak who scared my kid." She says spitefully.

He looks to me with and raises a brow questioningly.

"He tried grabbing my tail." I say plainly.

"Then-" Mark starts.

"She just wanted to pet it." She says back.

'You do NOT get to cut off Mark. That's reserved for me and Carol!'

"I don't care. Would you let some random kid grab your butt?" I say.

"I think-" Mark tries again.

"That's diff-" The bitch cuts him off.

I ignore her and enhance my thinking speed to come up with a way to shut her down and end this.

After about five minutes my time, maybe a couple seconds real time, I go.

"You realize you're arguing with a random child on why you should let your child touch them without their consent right? Feel proud of yourself?" I say, cutting her off.

Her face gets apoplectic before she picks up her kid and walks off.

"So, Was I even needed here?" Mark asks.

I hug his side and nuzzle him.

"You were a good emotional support human."

"That's all I am to you women, emotional support and manual labor." He says jokingly.

"Yep!"

Moving forward to the frozen section saw us play a game of me dumping packs of frozen pizza into the cart, and him putting them back. We did this wordlessly for about ten minutes and it ended with a silent agreement of ten pizzas. After a bit more shopping of frozen foods we finish here and move on.

We then moved on to various other aisles, chips, cereal, dairy, ect. And I got my skittles at the end, as well as a pack of suckers and gum I managed to sneak in when he wasn't looking.

Got a weird look from an old man staring at my tail. I actually giggled at his remark. 'I'll never understand this new age fashion.'

We're currently walking back to the car.

"So, Kitsu."

"Hmm? Yeah?"

"What do you want to do when you get older?"

The question catches me off guard . And I need to think for a bit about it.

"I never really considered it." I honestly.

I was just surviving until recently, and even then I figured I'd worry about the future after I'd survived or prevented Gold Morning.

"Maybe a model? Or actor? Maybe a singer." I say.

"Model? Maybe, I can see it with your ability to change your looks and your natural cuteness." He says.

'Damn straight!'

"As for actor or singer?" He gives a small laugh.

"What?" I pout.

We reach the car and, after fishing the keys out of his pocket, he pops the trunk.

"Kitsu I can't see you being an actor." He says and starts moving bags to the trunk.

"And just why not?" I ask in a huff.

"You realize you have to behave how someone else tells you to right?" He says.

"And?"

He stops and gives me that smug look of his.

"Kitsu, I don't see you acting in any way you don't want to, even if you were being paid to."

…

"I can still sing!" I protest. Not wanting to admit he's probably right.

I begin to help him, handing him bags from the cart.

"Can you?" He asks.

"I can, you just never heard me sing." I say.

I really can sing rather well. I just never get the chance.

"Maybe you can show me on the way to the mall?"

"Sure!"

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

Sitting in the car, listening to Kitsu sing. I realize she could become a professional singer.

Getting to a stop light I pull out my phone and text Carol.

(I'm about to call, I'm putting you on speaker. Don't say anything, just listen.)-M

…

(Why?)-C

(Trust me.)-M

(Okay.)-C

Calling her and setting the phone to speaker, she listens in as Kitsu sings Country Roads. She's missing every other word, but still.

Driving forward again at the green light I look to her in the rearview.

"Know any other songs kiddo?"

"A few, though none of them by heart. So, who's listening in?" She responds cheerfully.

'Oops.'

"How could you tell?" I ask.

"The background static." She says simply.

"Me, Vicky and Amy." Carol says from the phone.

"Amy's there? Did she finally take a break from the hospital!?" Kitsu asks excitedly.

It is rather odd for Amy to be home at this hour.

"Kinda, we're discussing a few things in regards to recent events."

"Ah." I say in understanding.

"It's not about me is it?" Kitsu asks accusingly.

'Shit.' I think to myself and keep my face from showing any reaction.

"Not everything is about you." Amy's voice rings out.

"That's not a no." Kitsu says with a glare.

"Kitsu, what are you going to do if it is?" Carol says.

That gives Kitsu pause as she blinks a few times.

"I'unno. I just don't like the idea of you all keeping something from me when it's about me." She shrugs.

"I talk to you about it when you get home." Carol says and hangs up.

There's a pregnant pause before Kitsu says something.

"You know what's going on don't you." She says, though it's phrased as a statement. Not a question.

"I'm, not the best person to explain it." I say honestly as we pull into the malls parking lot.

She pouts and mumbles something under her breath.

'I really hope you know what you're doing Carol.' I sigh mentally.

How do you sigh mentally? Is it just a sound we associate with the word? In that case does it make 'sigh' one of those words that is just said differently to how it's spelled? Like bologna?

"What are you thinking about?" Kitsu asks as I park the car.

"You know what sighing is right? Why do we spell it completely different to how it sounds? And why do we spell other words differently to how they sound?" I say, venting my thoughts.

She just gives me a look that's a cross between wanting to laugh, and utter confusion.

"Guys are weird." She says and unbuckles.

"Why do you girls say that every time you ask what I'm thinking?" I say to myself.

I pull out my phone and shoot another text to Carol.

(Two things. One, what all do I need to get? Two, am I weird?)-M

…

(Two spare sets of blankets and pillows, we need AA batteries, a few packs of light bulbs for the house, trash bags, paper towels, and I think that's it.)-C

Okay that's not too much.

(And yes, you are.)-C

I roll my eyes at that.

"Hey!" Kitsu yells.

"I'm coming!"

Looking back to my phone as we walk, I get another text.

(Thanks to Amy and Vicky, we're going to have to talk to Kitsu.)-C

'Great, that's going to end well.'

.

.

-Dallon house, 4pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Pulling into the house I hop out of the car and rush to the back. Mark gets out and walks around to were I am.

"Unleash the hatch!" I say, pointing to the trunk with a stern look.

He raises an eyebrow and unceremoniously holds up the key fob. Pressing the button, the trunk unlatches and pops open.

I use my speed and grab the bags, two at a time, and rush them into the kitchen. Placing them on the table, enjoying the look of surprise on Carols face as I set the bags down. Her look of surprise fades after the tenth bag.

After all the bags are on the table I run back to Mark.

He just stands there and looks between me and the now empty trunk.

"Huh, remind me take you with every time I need to get groceries." He says.

"Sure!" I say excitedly.

He closes the trunk and looks back to me. I just stand here, rocking on my heels.

"What?"

I shrug.

He looks to the side and hums in thought for second.

"Did you forget your backpack in the car?" he asks.

Running to the back door of the car and hopping up to peer in, I see that I did in fact leave my book bag in the car.

I look to him and nod sheepishly in embarrassment. He chuckles, rolls his eyes and holds up the key fob to unlock the car.

Hearing the click I open the door and grab my bag. Rushing it to my room and throwing it on my bed, I run back to him. He closes the car door and turns to me.

"What now?"

I take off my hat and nudge the top of my head towards him with an expectant look.

"Of course, how could I forget?" he says with a chuckle.

Reaching his hand down, I melt against him as he scratches the top of my head. Scratching the nook of my ears I squeal in bliss at the feeling. Carol does it better, he has rough nails that occasionally nick my ears the wrong way. Whereas she has smooth and even ones. Even still though.

We stay like this for a bit before he starts walking. I keep in step with him until we reach the door when he stops. And steps through before me.

"Alright sweetie, anymore and my hand will start cramping." He says. "Besides, we still have to put everything up. Unless you did that too."

"Aww." I whine, missing the feeling.

It really does feel that good. Like a hug mixed with a massage and a warm bath on my head. You just want to relax and sink into it before stretching out and letting everything pop.

Putting my hat back on, we making our way to the kitchen with me following behind Mark. I see Carol had already set out to putting some of the stuff away.

"Kitsu, take the blankets and pillows and put them in the hall closet." Carol says. "After we're done I need to talk to you."

'Finally! Maybe I'll get some answers!'

Ten minutes later after the table is cleared, using my enhanced speed to help Mark and Carol put everything away.

"Alright, sit." Carol says.

Taking the seat adjacent to her, she looks to Mark. He walks around and sits next to me.

"Alright, because apparently the people in this house can't hide secrets from you, I'll go ahead and start out with this." She reaches into her pocket and hands me a little card.

(Dr. Druhv Ahmad)

(Child Psychology Specialist)

(***-***-****)

'Why would she have, much less give me, the card to a child psychologist.'

"We know about what happened five years ago." She says, as though reading my thoughts.

Fives years ago? That was-

My heart pounds at the realization, and dread fills my chest with a pain so cold it burns as I'm forced to remember. I want to move, to do something. But the cold sense of fear roots me in place.

'No, no. Don't, please don't.'

"Kitsu!" Carol shouts.

Flinching slightly at the sound, heart still pounding, I look to her.

"It's okay. We're not here to remind you of it." She says.

I want to snark back at how she's doing a shitty job of it. But the lump in my throat is keeping me from responding.

I feel something grab my shoulder, and out of reflex I jump out of the chair. Picking it up and holding it above my head in a silent threat towards whatever tried to grab me.

I can feel my heart pound against my chest, and I relax as I realize it was just Mark. Starring, wide eyed and fearful in surprise.

I start feeling bad as I realize I was a second away from throwing a chair at him.

"Sorry!" I say and drop the chair.

Only to flinch at it breaking, hitting the floor at an odd angle causing its leg to snap off.

"I-I-I'm sorry! I, I didn't mean! It was just-"

"It's okay! We can buy another chair." Mark reassures.

"Kitsu, you don't have to talk about it. We just want you to know we're here if you do want to talk. And if you want, we can put you in therapy." Carol says.

"I, uh. That's"

'Calm down. Calm down. Calm down. Carol, Mark, table, fridge, chair.' I think frantically. Going through a mental checklist to ground myself.

"I, I, I." I try and speak but can't get passed a single syllable.

"Kitsu." Carol says and I look to her.

"In, out. Okay? You're safe. Breathe with me. In. Out." She continues.

Taking several shaky breaths. I calm myself enough to move on my own.

Looking awkwardly around, seeing as I broke my seat. Mark gets up slowly and walks towards me.

He kneels a foot in front of me and opens his arms.

I slam into him and take in his scent. Trying to distance myself from the memory as much as possible.

"Do you want to go to your room?" He asks softly.

I nod head into his chest and he picks me up. Taking me to the safety and darkness of my room. I start to cry wordlessly

He says something to Carol, but I don't pay attention.

Having reached my room he walks through the doorway.

"Door." I mutter out.

He closes the door behind him. Casting a comfortable darkness over the room. He goes to set me on my bed. But I don't let go of him. I know he won't leave if I just ask him to stay. But I don't trust my voice right now. Besides, he takes the hint and lays down while holding me.

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

Having tried, and failed, to lay Kitsu down. I find myself reclined on her bed. With my head against the wall, her narwhal under my back and Kitsu burying herself into me. I just hold her as she silently stains my shirt, giving a sob every now and then.

"Shh. It's okay. I'm right here, we're in your room. You're perfectly safe." I say softly.

"Don't, don't wanna talk." She gets out in a shaky voice.

"And you don't have to." I reassure her. Reaching up to scratch her ears.

Her tail doesn't wag. Telling me it's a hollow comfort.

"Then why?" She asks in a tone that breaks my heart to hear.

"We, we just wanted to let you know we're here for you." I say, rubbing her back comfortingly.

That and according to what Carol texted me at the mall. Amy and Vicky had dug themselves a hole because Kitsu had called them out on their unusual behavior. And Amy had said they'd tell what it was after school was out to buy time to figure out what to say.

But I'm not saying that because implying in any way shape or form that this is her fault is a bad idea.

We stay there for a bit longer. Me holding her as she slowly calms down more and more. After a good few minutes Kitsu starts sniffing.

"What is it? I don't stink do I?" I say lightly.

She chuckles before responding.

"No, well, you do. But that's not it. Carol made pizza." She says.

"Do you want some?" I ask.

I feel her nod her head against me. But doesn't move to get up.

"Do you want me to carry you?"

She shakes her head.

I grab my phone out of my pocket and text Carol.

(She doesn't want leave her room. Can she eat in here? Also I might be spending the night.)-M

…

(Just this once.)-C

After a few seconds Carol comes in with a plate of pizza. Light spilling into the room as she leaves the door open. Kitsu turns her head away from the light.

She reaches us and holds out the plate.

"This is a one time thing. And if you want more you'll have to get up and go get it yourself. Okay?" She says.

Not turning to her, Kitsu nods her head.

Carol sets the plate on the end table and goes to leave. Only to stop as Kitsu grabs the hem of her shirt.

"Stay?" Kitsu asks in a small voice. Ears down and tail pushing against my stomach, hiding much of her from Carols view.

Carol is still for second before she sighs and moves to sit down on the bed.

Kitsu turns over in my lap, sliding off and sitting next to Carol. Leaning over and taking the plate. She munches on the pizza as Carol brings a hand to scratch her ears.

I take this opportunity to sit up.

"for what it's worth, I'm sorry." Carol says.

"S'okay." Kitsu mumbles.

"Like we were saying earlier. You don't have to. But if you ever want to. Me and Mark are here to listen." She finishes.

Kitsu says nothing as she just continues to eat her last piece on the plate.

"Can I go on patrol?" She asks quietly.

Me and Carol share a look.

"Can we ask why?" I ask.

She just shrugs before answering.

"I just need to distract myself. Don't wanna be here right now, wanna be alone."

I look to Carol and shrug. Not knowing how to handle this.

I've been flying by the seat of my pants since the beginning.

"Okay, if you think you're up to it. I want you to call every hour and be back by ten. Alright?" Carol says.

'That's reasonable.'

"Okay."

I get up and grab her plate. Intent on leaving her to get changed. Carol follows me out and closes the door behind her.

She sits at the kitchen and I put the plate in the sink. Going back to the corner of the room and picking up her hat where she dropped it in her panic. I place it on the table and we both sit in silence.

*Click*

…

*click*

Sounds like Kitsu left.

"Mark." Carol says.

"Yeah?" I ask, starring at Kitsus' hat.

"I'm signing back up for therapy." She says wordlessly.

I look to her in astonishment.

'It's been almost twenty years. What am I suppose to say to that?'

Say that's good and imply she needs it?

"I'm not questioning the decision. But why?" I ask.

"Maybe if Kitsu sees me going to therapy, she'll, maybe consider it." She says evasively. "She'll see there's no shame in it."

Carol wouldn't go to therapy if she didn't think she needs it.

"That's not the only reason, is it?" I say.

She stays silent at that.

*Ring*

We both flinch at her phone going off. Pulling it out she turns to me.

"It's Sarah." She says and answers it.

"Now's not a good time. Can it wait?"

I watch as her face scrunches up in confusion. She puts the phone down and looks to me.

"There's a little boy who showed up to her door, he wants to join New Wave." She says uncertainly.

.

.

-Docks, 6:58pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"So where are you now?" Carol says.

"The docks, just past the north end of the ferry."

"Alright, thank you for calling. Stay safe okay?"

"I will, love you bye."

"Bye."

*Click*

I'm sitting here atop a warehouse, just starring out at the water.

After everything that happened I'm, a bit conflicted.

On the one hand I'm LIVID, I know Vicky was the likely culprit who told about my little freak out. She said she wouldn't talk about it and not even a full week later I get a sit down. Then there's everything that happened during said sit down. I tried calming myself, I know I need help. But I can't even think about what happened all those years ago without panicking.

Which leads me to the other hand. I'm a little glad it was brought to light. An encounter with them is inevitable according to canon. And I can't be freezing up and panicking the moment I see them.

I need help. I want help. But I'm just not ready to talk about it.

After contemplating a bit longer, I get up and turn west. I need a distraction and I intend to find one.

Jumping off the roof I turn invisible and head towards Empire territory.

.

.

-Timeskip, 7:38-

.

.

Lurking around the less reputable areas of E88 territory. I find what I'm looking for.

A dog fighting ring. It's situated in an apartment complex. Likely the basement from where I'm hearing the sounds of the crowd. If I stay still and focus, I can smell blood, and wet dog. And more than a few drugs.

Hopefully Wolfy is in there.

Beating the shit out of him always makes me feel better.

I normally use my powers sparingly, seeing as I don't generate my own energy for them. But with how Carol topped me twice. I'm brimming!

Dropping down to the back of the apartment. There's a skinhead with a tattoo on his cheek of the number 18. He's obviously guarding the door.

'Be more obvious jackass.'

I'd normally just stab his throat and dump him. But I can't do that anymore. So I grab him and force his pineal gland to overload his body with melatonin. In less than ten seconds he gets a confused look before he slumps down the side of the wall and passes out.

Ruffling through his pockets, I grab his wallet and take seventy five bucks from him. And his keys.

Just to fuck with him.

Putting his wallet back in his pocket, I stop as I notice something off.

The smell of dog is getting stronger.

Moving my ears around I hear multiple footsteps. One set of boots, and multiple softer steps. All coming from the alley on the side of the building.

Jumping up back to the top of the building, I watch as a brown-haired guy walks three dogs down the alley towards apartments back, a rottweiler, a mutt, and a smaller dog. Wait, no it's a girl. Halfway down the alley she reaches into her jacket and pulls out a rottweiler mask.

'Bitch?'

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I'm laying on my bed, scrolling through my phone as I look at Kitsus' PHO account.

It's not creepy! I'm just seeing what she likes! I just don't want to offend her or anything.

So far I'm seeing she likes to dress up. A lot.

I can only assume she's using her illusions, because there is no way someone can have that many outfits and props.

She's wearing a shark hoodie in a few, wielding a blue trident while her hair is white with blue highlights. She's wearing a striped, torn, blue and purple dress and playing a black and purple guitar in others. Again white hair. There's a few of her in that really cute outfit she had on at the mall. And one where her hair is blueish black, she's wearing a red scarf, white beanie, and black dress with a pink hemmed skirt.

There's one of her on her bed, she's cuddling a stuffed green whale and is mostly covered up by her tail. Only one half of her face is visible, the other half being smooshed against the plush. She's innocently looking to the camera with a wide smile. With a caption that read, Meet Mr. Star!

It's so freaking cute!

That may or may not be my new home screen.

Those are just a few. She has names for her outfits too.

One of the top comments on the thread with the punk rock get up is from Vicky's civilian handle. She was complaining about her taking up the bathroom.

There's a lot of her in her hero outfit. Which I learned she calls her Irida outfit for some reason. Pictures of her in San Francisco, LA, Texas, she's been around.

There's a post about her ranting that Hawaiian pizza makes no sense because the only reason it's called Hawaiian is cause that was the brand of pineapple the guy who invented it used. Just imagining her going off on a rant like that has me holding in a laugh.

Other than the fact she likes to play dress-up, and is clearly out of my league, I'm learning nothing I didn't already know!

'Wait, will she want to dress me up?!' I think in embarrassment. 'She'll see my scars! What if she thinks they're ugly! She has flawless skin! Why would she want to settle for me? If the comments on the pictures she's posted are any indication, she can do a lot better. She's a cute bubbly blonde. Who can shapeshift! That puts her at, like, fifteen out of ten!' I think with dread.

"Wait, she can heal! Maybe she'll just fix them?" I say to myself hopefully.

'No! I can't ask her to do that! What if she thinks I'm vain! Or that I only want to be her friend because of her powers!'

"Okay, think. What does she like?" I ask myself, sitting up on the bed.

'Okay, I know she had the hots for Dennis, but that went south. She likes Vergil. That much is clear. Though I get the feeling she likes Static Shock more than Vergil. Pizza? Cosplay?'

…

I slam my face into my pillow and scream in frustration.

'That tells me nothing!'

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N to clarify, she isn't scared of the Slaughterhouse Nine.

Jack is someone she wants to kill.

The Siberian scares her, but not to the point of panic.

She feels bad and honestly relates to Bonesaw.

And Crawler? He disgusts her, but that's it.

Who she's traumatized of, is Mannequin, the one who pushed her over the edge.

.

I gave it a fifty/fifty on whether Kitsu would flee the scene. And realized it would depend on how bad it went.

If she was likely to bolt just from the situation being brought up. She would've done it the first time when it was just Amy and Vicky there. After taking everything into account, I couldn't see Kitsu bolting from the situation entirely unless something was happening to escalate the situation further out of control.

.

Also yeah, Carol having gone to therapy herself, and Mark actively seeing a psychiatrist, would both know that forcing someone to face their issues is not a good idea. More often than not, forcing someone to face their trauma when they don't want to, or are not ready to, only makes their trauma WORSE.

Amy already knew that, seeing as she was talking to Dr. Ahmad about the issue.

That and, Mark and Carol are veteran heroes, I can't think of a single reason they wouldn't have dealt with someone having PTSD in their near twenty years of experience.

The only person in the family who is likely to push the issue under the guise of trying to help would be Vicky.

.

QUESTIONS!

For Newb

Akiralator has a couple of questions in regards to Kitsu abilities.

Could Kitsu Increase her own heat so that her power recognizes it and reabsorbs it. Making it so

Newb: Her body temp going up is the result of the energy she has leaking. Once it hits 102 f it starts getting reabsorbed and it's a constant thing, if she couldn't absorb heat she'd likely set herself on fire. I see what you're saying. But all that would do is create a cloud of heat around her, when she manually increases her body temp, her ability to absorb heat gets turned off to allow it.

And the field is more like a range, any heat above 102f/39c that enters the range is absorbed so long as it isn't attached to something physical. Like if an actual spear was super heated, she would need to touch it and let the heat transfer through thermodynamics. She couldn't just siphon the heat of anything coming in range like Delsin Rowe.

So basically only energy based things get absorbed in that half inch range. Lasers, fire, photonic energy, ect.

Could she gain energy from walking?

Newb: Yes, but it's a matter of diminishing returns. It's one of the reasons she prefers to run instead of flying on her illusions, the force of her feet hitting the ground and the heat she generates from the friction of moving so fast creates an imperfect feedback loop. Like for every 5 points of energy spent running, she gets 1.8 points back in heat, and 2.8 points back in kinetic rebound.

Keep in mind that she uses energy to move at all, and technically doesn't even need to eat.

Does her Biokinesis use mass or just generates it?

Newb: It uses mass, it's why she can't just sprout wings or give people extra muscle. It's also why all she really does with it in regards to herself is change her hair and eye color to match her outfits.

And why in an earlier chapter when she healed Squealer she used the mass in her boobs to heal her hand.

She only pulled mass from one boob just to fuck with her though.

Does gravity count as kinetic energy for her?

No, she can't absorb gravity. She could throw herself off a building and absorb the impact at the end of the fall. But not gravity itself.

How much control does she have over absorbing energy?

Newb: She has almost no control. She can activate her ability to negate knockback to absorb more kinetic energy from a hit, and using energy to actively increase her body temp shuts off her ability to absorb heat. But that's it.
Last edited: Apr 3, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Vahzal Haal Rah, Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt and 301 others
Newb to the game
Apr 3, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 21 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Apr 4, 2024
Add bookmark
#163
A/N Dog days
Alt title: Winding down.

.

.

This chapter actually features Rachel less than I thought it would. But oh well. I'm happy with how it turned out regardless. This is yet again more of a transitional chapter. Where we see more of what's going on in the world behind the scenes after the first half.
.
.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Thursday April 8th, 7:40pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I like this girl.

She walked up to the unconscious skinhead, rifled through his pockets. Took out his wallet, and when she found nothing just tossed back on him and called him a broke bitch.

'What was her deal again? Feral child, thrown through the foster system. Accidentally killed the disciplinarian and the other kids she was housing when the lady had tried to murder her dog.' I recall.

Honestly? That lady deserved it. From what I remember, the crone had tried to drown it in the pool. How someone who could do that wound up being given custody of children is a mystery. It's like the government wants kids to trigger.

Now that I think about it, that might actually be the case.

Maintaining my invisibility, I create an invisible platform under me and silently float down. The dogs start growling at me when I get halfway, and Bitch swings her head towards me.

I go ahead drop the illusion and invisibility. Falling to the ground about ten feet away from her.

"Hi! I'm Kitsu!" I say cheerfully.

She gives out a whistle that causes my ears to flick at the sound. I prepare to rush forward and knock out her dogs, but to my surprise her dogs just sit.

"Are we not going to fight?" I ask, tilting my head in confusion.

She gives a dismissive huff.

"No."

"Why not? This is usually the point where the other person attacks me." I say.

"You're not challenging me. You're not threatening me. Unless you intend to get in my way." She says bluntly.

I wrack my brain for the meaning behind her statement.

'I know she isn't a sociopath like the wiki describes. She's more akin to being autistic. Her brain is more hard wired to understand dogs than people so, OH!'

I look behind me to my tail. It's just there, gently swaying back and forth. And I touch my head to feel that my ears are relaxed.

My mannerisms are easier for her to read. She sees me as a non threat because I conform more easily to her sensibilities.

I look back to her, unless I'm within two feet of someone, I have a habit of not looking them in the eye. So to test something I go ahead and lock eyes with her. She starts tensing after a few seconds and I look away, down to her neck.

"You wanna fight?!" She growls out.

"Not you." I say plainly.

She relaxes slightly at that. I look to the door of the apartment. And then back to her.

"Wanna beat up some Nazi's?"

.

.

Rachel "Bitch" Lindt POV

.

I'm not sure what to think here.

Brian keeps trying to coach me on how to read people. But standing here in front of me is someone I can read easily.

Her ears are relaxed, and her tail is swaying gently. She's looking at me but isn't challenging my authority. The one time she did challenge me, she relented almost immediately.

I'll let it slide, her ears and tail showed it wasn't an intentional challenge and that she was just looking at me. Besides, she realized her mistake.

'Is she like me?' I think questioningly. 'Maybe it wouldn't hurt to try this out.'

"Sure." I say. Then give a low whistle to let my dogs know I'm about to shift them.

Oddly enough, I feel a small connection to her through my power. It's like what I feel with dogs, only weaker. Much, much, weaker. To the point that if I'm not looking at her, I can't even tell it's there. Maybe that's what helps me read her?

Her ears twitch towards me as she gives a smile, the kind without teeth barred. Though the tips of her canines still poke through. Her tail starts wagging excitedly and her ears are focused on me entirely.

'She's happy.' I realize.

"Great! Oh! If Hookwolf is here, I call dibs!" She says.

"Why?" I ask.

She shrugs.

'The fuck is that supposed to mean? Is that a sign of non-concomitance? A whim? She doesn't know?' I think in frustration.

"I just enjoy hurting him."

'Oh, a whim then.' I relax at the clarification.

She's not even all that focused on Judas, Brutus, or Angelica. She keeps her attention on me. Letting me know she recognizes that I'm the leader. Returning to them, I cut off the power halfway. They still need to fit through the door.

"So what do I call you?" She asks.

"Bitch."

Her ears flatten and she groans in a clear sign of discomfort.

"Anything else? I don't like using those kinds of words." She says.

"Too bad." I say, standing my ground against the challenge.

"Can't I call you Rachel?"

I tense at the mention of my name and get ready to send my dogs to attack. Before I stop.

Her posture hasn't changed, her head is tilted, ears going back to their relaxed position and tail swaying lazily.

She didn't mean it as a challenge, or a threat. She was asking a genuine question.

"No." I say.

"Fine, but I still don't like it." She relents.

'Why can't more people be like this?'

I turn to the door, the mook didn't have any keys on him so I'll have to-

*Clink*

Snapping back to Kitsu, I see her holding a set of keys.

"I'm the one that knocked him out." She explains.

I just look back to the door. And she rushes over, nearly faster than I can see, and opens the door.

She steps in and turns to me expectantly.

I whistle to my dogs. Giving them the scout command, I watched as they run in and around Kitsu. Rushing through, Brutus looks around the entrance while Angelica take the upper foyer and Judas the lower.

"They're in the lower levels." Kitsu informs. "That's where the sounds and smells are coming from."

I look to her.

'Right, I need to ask.'

"I have enhanced hearing and smell, similar to most canines." She says.

'Never mind. Again, why can't more people be like this?'

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

This is fun.

She walks past me, whistling to her dogs as they all turn to head down the stairs. Following after her and the mutated rat-bone-dogs, we travel down three flights and come across another door at the end. This one metal with a padlock.

I hear the loud noises of a group coming from behind the door. As well as barking and an announcer using a mic. It's faint though, so there's likely a hall that leads to the ring behind the door.

Oh, there are two guys guarding it, but they're on the floor, bleeding and unconscious. Or dead.

"Hey, can you try not to kill them?" I ask.

Bitch swings her head to me with a growl.

"Why?" She grunts out.

"Because I'll get in trouble if too many people die." I say honestly.

She stares at me for a long second before turning back to the door.

"Hurt." She says to the three dogs waiting in front of the door. Though they give no indication that they heard her.

I'd say thank you. But I know those words are meaningless to her.

I walk up to the two and go to search them, only to get whipped in the face by the one eyed dog. I don't move and she starts growling at me.

"No." Bitch says. "My pack, my claim."

"Fine, lemme just make sure he's alive." I relent and put a hand to the guys neck.

He'll live, might not walk again. But that's neither my fault, nor my problem.

Moving to the other guy, I put a hand to his wrist. Nope, he's dead. Broken neck, broke with enough force to jut a bone piece through his carotid artery. Making him dead to rights on two accounts.

"He's dead." I say simply.

Bitch doesn't respond, instead she's busy going through the living guys pockets. Taking his wallet and keys.

She then moves to the door. Runs through the key chain. Having no luck, she turns to Brutus and points to the door.

"Break."

I have to roll out of the way as he barrels over the dead guy and slams into the metal door. leaving a decent dent, large enough that you'd assume a battering ram slammed the door and not a living being.

He rears up and slams a second time. I expected the door to pop off or something, instead the knob breaks off and the door swings open with a violent clang.

Suddenly remembering something I check the time.

7:50pm

'Crap! I need to call Carol!'

"Hey, I gotta make a call real quick." I say.

"What?" Bitch asks with a snarl.

"I need to call Carol, she's my legal guardian. I promised I'd do so every hour and it's ten till." I explain.

She stares for a second before issuing a whistle, her dogs run down the hall through the door.

"I'm not waiting for you." She says and starts walking.

"Not asking you to, just letting you know!" I say and rush back up the stairs for better service.

I go ahead and call.

…

"Kitsu? It's a little early." Carol's voice answers.

"I know, but I'm about to head underground and won't be able to call you."

"Explain." She says.

"Found an illegal dog fighting ring in Empire territory, thought I'd bust it. Oh! I'm here with, what does the PRT call her? Hellhound! She's here." I inform.

"Kitsu, Hellhound is a violent sociopath!" Carol stresses.

"No she's not, she's an autistic girl who got forced through the foster system into an abusive home." I defend. Genuinely upset at the mislabeling.

…

"You understand that I can't just take your word on that right?" She responds.

"Just trust me on this? Please? I'll call again as soon as this is done. Promise." I plead.

There's a bit of a pause before she replies.

"Okay, but in return I want you to head home as soon as you're done." She concedes.

"Deal!" I say happily.

"Okay, bye. Stay safe."

"Kay, bye! Love you!"

*Click*

Having that done with, I rush back down the stairs and through the hall. Several people are all running towards me as I make my way down, I just send an illusionary wall to slam them back down the hall. I hear a few cracks and crunches. And a few pissed themselves but that's it. I walk up and knock each of them out in the same way as the guy outside.

I use my speed to hurry the process up and continue down the hall.

It turns right and opens into what I can only assume is supposed to be the boiler room judging by the three boilers situated on the far wall, left wall, and right wall respectively. The 'ring' looked to be a series of wired fences made to form a ring in the middle of the room. The ceiling is about twelve feet up and there are pipes everywhere along walls and through the ceiling.

Bitch's dogs are running rampant, they're much larger and more heavily plated in boney protrusions now. They're tossing people left and right. The whole place is trashed and if it wasn't for the cages and dogs in them you'd never know what this place was being used for.

As I'm thinking this a guy gets tossed at me and I catch him.

"I, uh you gotta!"

"Nope!" I say and knock him out, tossing him to the side to slump against the wall.

Bitch is riding on one of her dogs as she absolutely wrecks the place. I feel like I'm not needed here. I only really found the place because it's my best option at finding Hookwolf.

Getting an idea I take out my phone to record the destruction. Turning it around to face cam I start.

"Haven't done this since Eagleton! Hi! I'm in the boiler room of an apartment building somewhere between the commercial district and the west slums." I say and turn around to showcase the destruction behind me. "It is, well, was, one of Hookwolf's illegal dogfighting rings! I want to claim the credit here, but well, this is all on Hellhound. What else was I gonna say?"

I tap my chin as I try to remember.

I completely forgot what I was going to do.

"Oh well, guess that's it." I say and stop the recording.

By this point Bitch had already knocked out most of the people here. She grabbed a bag from one of the people here and is scooping all the betting money into it.

I'm still bored because I really didn't get to do anything. But at least I'm not depressed!

I walk over to the far wall where there are five dogs are being held in cages. I go to break them out before I hear and smell Bitch coming up behind me.

She smells like dog, sweat, and leather. In case you were wondering.

"Don't." She says.

"Why not?" I ask, not looking at her.

"They'll run. Can't get them safe if they take off." She says.

These things look miserable. Tails tucked, ears down, snarling and snapping. One of them, a German Sheperd is missing his upper left lip.

"Why not call the police? They'll help." I suggest.

She growls at that.

"Don't trust them." She spits out hatefully.

Fair. I mean, I hardly trust them. Though that's not saying much.

"Need help carrying them?"

She says nothing, rather she just whistles. Her dogs come running over and wait patiently. They slowly lose mass and shrink down to a size that can fit through the door.

Bitch walks over and picks up a cage.

"Carry." She says and starts walking towards the hall.

Each of her dogs grabs a cage. Brutus and Judas bite the sides and carry them that way while Angelica uses her whip like tail to grab another and hold it to her back.

I look to the cage next that's left. A brown pit bull is cowering away from me as I grab the cage and lift. Carrying it as I follow Bitch's dogs.

Walking down the hall I see all the people I knocked out are pushed over and to the sides.

Once we make it outside I set the cage down next to where her dogs are waiting. The sun is setting, turning the sky a reddish orange and I pull out my phone to check the time. It's almost a quarter past eight.

Bitch gives out a whistle, and I recognize it as the one she used earlier, just before her dogs shifted.

Her dogs all set their cages down and slowly grow bigger, to the point that they're larger than bulls now.

She points to cages that were set down and speaks.

"Carry."

They go back over and this time they all carry the cages in their tails, holding them to their backs.

She walks up to, Brutus I think it is, and climbs onto his back. She looks to me for a few seconds before speaking.

"Hrmm, bye." She says softly.

I give a small wave.

"Have a good evening."

She stares for a long moment before giving a trilled whistle. All the dogs take off and head down the alley before I hear them start climbing the brickwork.

After a few seconds I call Carol.

…

"Is everything okay?" She asks calmly.

"Yeah, just got done. Hellhound took the dogs." I say cheerfully.

"Alright, did you call the PRT?" she asks.

I didn't. Oops.

"Not yet?" I say honestly with an awkward smile.

"Make a report, then head home. Okay?" She tells me.

"Okay, love you, bye!"

"Get home safe sweetie. Bye."

*Click*

I open the browser and google the PRT's number. Because I have literally never used it before. Dialing the number I wait.

…

…

"You'd think an official hotline for reporting crime wou-"

"Brockton Bay Parahuman Response. What seems to be the issue?" A lady's voice says over the phone.

"Hi! This is Kitsu! I just wanted to say I busted one of Hookwolf's dogfighting rings. Could you send a few people tooo, I actually don't know where this is, gimme a sec." I say and rush around through the alleyway to the front of the building.

I see the plaque and read off.

"Terrance's tenements. Really? That's the name they gave the place?" I say.

"Oookay." She says slowly and I can hear faint typing. "There are three Terrance's tenements in the city, which one?" She says.

"They really gave that name to not one, but three different buildings? Never mind, the one near the commercial district and the west slums." I say.

…

"Okay, before a squad can be sent. You mentioned Hookwolf, are there any parahumans in the vicinity?" She asks.

"Not other than me, no." I answer.

"And you are?" Sheasks.

"Kitsu, I said that when I first called." I respond, slightly annoyed.

"Just making sure." She says.

'More like weren't paying attention.'

I've had a rollercoaster of a day, and I'm getting tired. Plus I genuinely hate talking over the phone.

"Are you willing to stay and await the squadron being sent? And is this a good number to contact you?" She asks.

"No and no. Goodbye." I say and hang up.

Time to go home. Hopefully there's still some pizza left.

.

.

-Pelham House, 6:30 pm-

.

.

Sarah "Lady Photon" Pelham POV

.

Putting the phone down, I turn to make my way to the kitchen where the ten year old little boy is.

Neil is there watching him and they just stare at each other. Neil seems to stare confused. While the kid stares challengingly.

Crystal is at her friends house and Eric is upstairs in his room playing video games pretending to do homework.

"Just got off the phone with Carol, apparently now is really not a good time." I stress.

He turns to me with a tired look.

"Is something wrong?" He asks.

He just got back from work at the construction company when the kid showed up, so he hasn't even had time to shower.

"She wouldn't say what it was." I answer.

It's only partially true, but she said that she's going back to therapy and that is not my place to tell anyone.

"Who's Carol? And where's Kitsu?" The boy, Ben I think his name is, asks.

"Carol, is Kitsus' guardian. And Kitsu is probably at her house." I answer.

He furrows his brow in confusion.

"I thought Kitsu was a part of New Wave. Why wouldn't she be here?" He asks.

"Because this is just the main address, no wait. The main address is listed as a P.O. Box. How did you find us?" I ask, now becoming very concerned.

He actually brightens up at that.

"Oh! I transformed into one of my splices! It's a mix of frog and crow! I used the DNA of the bird to fit extra neurons closer together in the brain while using the frog DNA to downsize it and maximize the efficiency of its brain! While in the form I process information at insane speeds. I used that to deduce the location of your house by cross referencing!-"

"I get it, no wait. I don't. Splice?" I ask.

"My DNA splices!" he says and holds up his left hand. Showing off the clunky wristband.

'Wait.' My eyes widen as I get closer look at it.

"Is that TinkerTech?" I ask.

"Sure is!" He says proudly.

Neil is much more awake and alert now, tensing up at the mention of unknown TinkerTech.

"Can you tell us what it does?" He asks in a cautious manner.

"I'll show you!" He says and presses the sides of the dial, raising it up in a way that suggests it was in his wrist. Not on it.

"NO!" Neil and I both shout, but it's too late.

There's a flash of green and in the place of the boy is a lanky, black, rubbery skinned man thing in his clothes. It has two tendrils extending from the back of its head and four fingers ending in shiny claws. One large green eye on its thin-lipped face. And the device on its left wrist.

Neil is already standing and charging himself in an electromagnetic field while I'm preparing to fly back and put up a forcefield.

"Aaah, need to work on that nerve dampener. Still dunno why it makes that green light." Says the confident, reverberating voice of the creature in front of us, before it spreads its arms out. "So, waddya think?"

Neil is starring slack jawed at the creature, which is most likely the kid now that I think about it. And I doubt I'm fairing much better.

"Ha! Knew it was awesome. This one I got using the remains of a mummified electric eel my grandpa had in his attic. Wanted to add somethin other than human but, couldn't find anything compatible without losing the electricity powers I get from this" He says with a shrug and leans back before wincing. "Aah!"

He leans forward and digs into his pants behind him. Pulling a long, slender tail out.

"I just keep forgetting about that. Oh! Don't tell my grandpa I went in his attic, I'm not allowed in there." He says seriously.

I relax, years of hero work had set me ready to act without thinking. Neil does as well and tentatively sits back down in his chair.

"Okay, um. What can you do exactly?" I ask.

"Oh! I'm glad you asked! I can do anything! If it has DNA, I can rework it, add to it, mix it up and make something new. Gimme a few years and enough samples and I can even cure cancer!" He says proudly.

'A bio-tinker?! If he does join us, that'll make three.' I realize.

Though most assume Amy is just a healer, and Kitsu doesn't really do it that much outside of changing her own hair and eye color.

'This could be good. The possibilities with three bio-tinkers are unfathomable!' I think to myself.

"Ah, real quick question. Kid, where are your parents?" Neil asks.

'That's actually a good question. Why the hell did neither of us ask that sooner?' I realize.

"At home, watchin a movie." He says calmly.

"Do they know you're here?" I ask, raising a brow and crossing my arms in my best upset mom pose.

He blinks before scratching the back of his head awkwardly.

"Uh, not exactly?" He says with an awkward smile and shrug of the other arm.

Neil sighs before pulling out his phone.

"I'll call the cops." He says calmly.

"What?! Aw come on man! I just wanna join you guys and meet Kitsu! Is that so much to ask?"

"It is when you being here can get us accused of kidnapping!" I say.

New Wave is neither big enough, nor popular enough to handle a scandal of any kind.

*Beep*

The device flashes red and I'm back to high alert.

"What does that mean?" I ask sternly.

TinkerTech is not something to take lightly.

*Beep*

"Relax~ it's just an automatic timer, letting me know it's about to revert me back." He says with a wave of dismissal.

*Beeeeep*

There's another flash of green light as the being is replaced with the boy again.

"Sooo~, can I join?" He asks gingerly.

…

"Yes, BBPD? I have a lost child here, he showed up at my doorstep. Can you send someone to come get him?" Neil says over the phone.

"Oh come on!"

.

.

-Dallon house, 8:40pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Dodging a kid on a bike, I make it back home in about fifteen minutes.

I can already tell by the faint scent of antiseptics and rosy deodorant that Amy and Vicky are home. And I can hear Vicky talking in her room as I step in.

Dean is there too. They're just talking. The lack of his scent in the front of the house leads me to believe he didn't use the door to come in.

'I swear, if I'm forced to stay awake again because Vicky can't keep it in her pants.' I think bitterly.

Mark is there waiting for me in the living room.

"Hey kiddo, heard you had fun." He says from the couch.

I just smile at him and run over, jumping up and knocking him over onto the cushions in a bear hug.

"Whoa! What was that for?" He asks with a laugh.

"Nothing." I say and nuzzle his chest. "Just felt like it."

"Warn a guy next time okay? I thought I saw my life flash before my eyes." He says jokingly.

That gets me thinking, so I don't respond. Instead I just climb further up and sit on his chest. Putting my hands on his cheeks I check his biological functions.

He is remarkably healthy for being in his thirties. His hair might start to grey in a few years. And there's a little bit of cartilage wear down. But over all he's a picture of physical health.

"Uh, what are you doing?" He asks, cocking an eyebrow.

"Making sure you're healthy." I say playfully.

"Well doc, what's the diagnoses? How long do I got?" He asks with a smile.

"Depends on my mood. I distinctly remember a certain someone saying I didn't have what it takes to be an actress. That's gonna be ten years right there." I say menacingly.

I hear footsteps and see Carol enter the room from the corner of my eye.

"Okay, what the hell is going on here?" She says exasperated.

"According to Kitsu I only have ten years left." He says playfully.

She stares at us before turning around.

"I'm too tired for this. I'll be in bed." She says and turns around.

I hop off Mark and rush over to her. Hugging her from the side as I crash into her.

"What now?" She asks tiredly.

I snake my hand up and under her shirt to touch her stomach and look in.

A bit more worse off than Mark. Her skin is starting to loose its elasticity and she's in the early stages of developing arthritis. That and she has the smallest breakdown of protein in the corner of her right eye. It's barely noticeable but it is there.

"Health check! You're developing arthritis, and you have a cataract growing in your right eye. I can fix the arthritis but you might want to have Amy fix the cataract. I don't trust myself enough to mess with eyes outside of color. Oh! And I can rejuvenate your skin if you want!" I suggest happily.

She stares at me for a long second before sighing. She then reaches a hand down and scratches my ears.

"Mmnnnn~" I squeal and hug her tighter.

"Maybe later. Good night Kitsu." She says and walks away.

"Aaaww." I pout. "Is there any pizza left at least?"

"I think Amy ate the last of it." Mark says behind me.

I hear him get up and stretch. And walk up behind me. He picks me up seeing as I'm blocking the hall.

"C'mon kiddo, time for bed." He says and carries me to my room.

"Okay." I say and let him set me down in my room.

"Tuck me in!" I say and reach up for him.

He gives me a confused look.

"Uh, Kitsu? You're still in costume."

Looking down I blush in embarrass as I see he's right. I look back up at him and point to the door.

"Out! No peeping toms!"

He puts his hands up in surrender and turns around to walk out the door.

I strip down and change to my night clothes.

It's just a set of the same clothes. Five pairs of white gym shorts with the pearl clan symbol all over them and a hole in the back for my tail. And five baggy white shirts with pink bubble letters, each saying something different. I'm wearing the one that says 'What Does The Fox Say?'.

I run over to the door and open it to let Mark back in. Only to see him not there. Listening in I hear him in his room.

And Vicky and Dean are making out. And I know what that leads to.

Amy's snoring tells me she's dead asleep.

I run over to Marks room and knock on the door.

Waiting here I hear him approach. I know it's him because his footsteps are heavier than Carols.

He opens the door and I reach up with both arms. Making the grasping motion with my hands.

He rolls his eyes and picks me up again. He settles me against himself, cradling me in one arm while I hug his neck.

"You are super clingy, you know that right?" He says and ruffles my hair.

"You say that like it's a bad thing." I say with a laugh as I feel my tail wrap around his arm.

"Being clingy is typically seen as bad thing." I hear Carol say.

Looking over I see she's laying down under the covers, eyes closed.

"Mlnn!" I stick my tongue out at her.

So what? I'll like being held. My language of love is touch. And nuzzling is my version of a hug.

I like hugs too, but still!

"Alright, I'll tuck you in." He says and goes to carry me to bed.

"Oh, and by the way. Dean is in Vicky's room." I tattle.

Because screw Vicky. I'm petty and she can consider this part of my revenge for her breaking her promise.

Carol's eyes shoot open and she sits up in her bed.

"What?" She snaps.

"I can hear them." I say.

"You better not be lying." She says and throws the covers off.

Getting up and marching past us, Mark steps back and aside into the hall to let her pass. She rounds the corner and knocks on Vicky's door.

"Vicky! I need to ask you something. I'm coming in."

I giggle as I hear Vicky and Dean scramble and stumble as Carol opens her door.

They're caught, and I snort as Dean awkwardly just goes aahhh.

"Hey, Mrs. Dallon. Ha, this isn't my house. Um, how are you tonight?" He says awkwardly.

"Stressed. Vicky, grounded. Dean, pull your pants up and go home."

There's a bit of protest from Vicky. Dean doesn't say anything as I hear a zipper being pulled up, and he just moves to walk past Carol.

"No, you can leave the way you came." She says.

"Mom!"

I press myself into Marks shoulder to stop myself from bursting out laughing.

"What's going on?" Mark asks.

"She, she. Ha, Carol is making, Dean leave the way, he came in through the window." I say between wheezes of trying not to laugh.

I tune them out, Carol and Vicky are arguing and Dean is kinda just there at the moment.

"Might wanna stay here for a bit. Going to have to wait for hurricane Carol to pass through the area before doing any travel." He says.

"Pfft. You're goofy." I say with a snort.

"I thought I was Mark." He says and ruffles my hair again.

I let him before I playfully snap my teeth at his hand, missing on purpose of course.

"Woah, your handler promised me you didn't bite!" He jokes.

"They lied to you, thet ta, tats. They juts, Blagh! Words!" I shout in frustration at getting tongue tied. "Alright, moment's ruined. I'm ready to sleep now."

I deadweight against him. Going slack and just letting him hold me as Carol finishes grounding Vicky.

I flinch at the sound of the door slamming and see Carol march past us back into her room.

"Think I can stay in your room tonight? Hurricane Carol just took a detour and moved into my area."

"I don't mind."

"Mark, put the kid up and come back to bed. I am not in the mood." Carol says snipingly.

"Well you heard her." He says.

He carries me to my room. And sets me on my bed.

"Alright. How do you wanna do this?" he asks, putting his hands to his hips.

I tuck my tail in and hold it to my chest.

"Burrito!"

"Alright."

He picks me back up and lays me at the edge of my blanket. He layers one end over me and starts to roll me.

"Wee-AGH!"

TAIL!

"Are you okay? What is it?" Mark asks, stopping.

"I'm fine." I whimper out. "Just, squished the base of my tail."

It hurts so damn much! It's like a burning, pinching feeling that keeps pulsing up my spine. It's slowly fading, but still!

"Oh, I am so sorry sweetie. Will you be okay?" He asks concerned.

I nod my head. Holding back tears as I was not ready for that. In hindsight I should've kept my hips arched forward.

"Do you, still want me to tuck you in?"

I shake my head. The pulsing has gone down to a dull throbbing at this point.

"Alright, well, good night Kitsu." He says and kisses my forehead. "I love you."

I wince as my tail tries to wag at the affection.

"I love you too Mark." I say as he closes my door.

After a few minutes my tail stops hurting and I let sleep take hold.

.

.

-5:42am-

.

.

Waking up I reach for my phone and see it's about three quarters past when I normally wake up.

'No time to rest a bit then.' I think bitterly and sit up.

I'm one of those people who wake and just lay in bed for the first half hour.

I stretch and go to pick out my outfit for the day from my closet.

'Hmm. Nepgear? No. Blanc? No. Gura? No. Serena? No. Ruby Rose? No. Oo! Adult Neptune!' I think and grab the jacket, black d-pad hairclips, stockings and shoes.

Laying it on my bed I rush over to my dresser and grab my generic clothes. Just stuff to where under certain outfits or for when I'm not going out.

A white tee, underwear. Still need to call Parian to get those modified. And black bike shorts to keep my modesty.

My routine goes as follows, speed to the hall closet, grab a towel. Speed back to room, undress, cover up in towel. Speed to bathroom. Get shower.

I don't use soap for my body, just my hair. Seeing as I don't sweat and don't produce BO. I use my biokinesis to get rid of anything better than soap would. I need a shower cap to keep water out of my ears. It's one of those ring ones so it just holds my ears down while I wash my hair.

Next comes my large, fluffy, beautiful, annoying, tail.

This is why I take so long in the bathroom. Everything else only took me about five or ten minutes. I use cold water for this as it's better for my fur, and I'll run out of hot water before I'm done anyways.

First I need to plug the drain and let the tub partially fill up. The rim is about a foot and a half up, so it fills a decent amount. Then I sit on the edge and let my tail soak. I have to use a special soap from an exotic pet shop for this. I striped the label off and wrote (Kitsus' soap. Don't use!)

Partly because it is not human friendly, partly because I really don't want people knowing I use pet shampoo.

And because it's expensive and Carol makes me pay for it with my money. It cost about thirty something a bottle and I go through one a week because of how much floof I have. And there's a second bottle to get all the shampoo out! Though it's a generic pet rinser they sell in large bottles. And I don't need as much.

I scrub my tail, getting it nice and lathered. I hate this! It feels all gross and slimy! With that done I then I rinse it with the shower head and unplug the drain. After spraying it down. I plug the drain and fill the tub again. Applying the rinser. Swishing my tail around I unplug the drain again and rinse off my tail with the shower head again.

Luckily, because of my powers, I don't shed. So I don't need to worry about clogging the drain.

God, that'd be a nightmare and a half.

Altogether this took maybe, about forty minutes.

And I'm still not done! Lifting my tail up. I need to enhance my strength as it's so heavy! Stepping back in shower and closing the curtain I shake it dry with my enhanced speed. It gets most of the water out. But not all. And I now have an afro puff tail.

Stepping out I dry off with the towel and wrap it around myself. Going over to the mirror. I pull the stool over and sit down. I'm short enough that only the top of my head from my eyes up poke over the counter when I sit.

I get the hair dryer and my comb from under the sink. As I do so the door opens and Amy steps in, still in her nightgown and a towel over her shoulder as she wordlessly steps into the shower. Closing the curtain and tossing her clothes to the floor.

"Morning~" I say cheerfully.

"No." She grumbles.

Amy is not a morning person. Or a night person. Or day, or afternoon.

I just continue to brush/dry my tail. I'm done drying and halfway done brushing when she steps back out.

"Eyes off." She says as she goes for the towel she left on the floor with her clothes.

There's a bar next to the shower for towels. But Amy was probably too tired to think about it.

And of course her saying something causes me to look up at her in the mirror. She's a got a cute, slim figure. I bet if she stopped wearing such baggy clothes she'd likely get numbers like crazy.

She's got a slim figure that most girls spend hours exercising for. And her frizzy hair and freckled skin gives her a cute girl next door look.

I look away and go back to my tail as she turns to glare at me.

"Hrm." She grumbles.

Now wrapped in a towel she walks over and takes the hair dryer.

*Bap*

"Ow!"

She smacked the top of my head with it.

"Perv."

"It's your fault for saying something! Besides we're both girls!" I defend.

She glares and smacks me again.

"Ow! Stop it!"

"You know that's not how it works." She says.

She turns on the hairdryer and dries her hair as I finish brushing my tail.

As I'm finishing up with my tail, I noticed that the hair drier has been off for a while. I look up to see Amy just staring at me.

"What?" I ask, then give a gasp. "Don't tell me! You wanna see my body as payment for-"

*Bap*

"Ow! This is animal cruelty!"

She rolls her eyes. And keeps looking at me.

"Kitsu, I gotta favor to ask." She says and looks away.

'Wut?'

"Um, sure! Anything! Whatcha need?" I ask with anticipation.

Amy, asking me for a favor? Yes!

"Can you, give me straighter, less frizzy hair?" She asks with a small blush.

I stare at her for a hot second. Partly glad it's something I can do easily. Partly confused as to why she's blushing.

"That's it? With how you were blushing I'd thought you were about to ask for bigger boobs or thicker thighs." I tease.

*Bap*

"Why?!"

"Forget I asked." She says grumpily and goes to grab her nightgown off the floor.

I grab her hand and quickly rework the shape of her hair follicles to give her more wavy hair. And I go ahead and turn her current hair wavy because it would take forever for her hair to grow out.

"Eyaaa! What the hell?" She says shivering at the sensation.

"There you go!" I say cheerfully.

She looks to mirror, then back to me.

It really isn't much of a difference. Though now her hair looks like Hermione Granger's in the later movies rather than the earlier ones.

"Huh, um, thanks." She says with a bit of surprise. Feeling her now smoother hair.

I nudge my head towards her. Expecting my usually reward for doing something good.

"What? What is this?" She asks confused.

"Scratches!" I say and flop my ears.

"Yeah, no. I'm not doing that while we're both only covered in a towel." She says and proceeds to leave.

"Aaww." I whine in disappointment.

.

.

I speed back to my room and get dressed. Changing my hair and eyes to a lavender purple to match my outfit. I grab my phone off its charger and check to see it's 6:50.

My tail really does take up more than ninety percent of my bathroom time.

Luckily I only need to fully wash it every few days, two or three times a week.

But now it's all soft and fwuffy!

'Speaking of which! I forgot to turn off my hair follicles!' I realize to myself.

Looking in I systematically shut off my auxiliary and pubic hairs and-

Wait.

I have something new developing.

There are new follicles in my cheeks, they're placed to make a sort of, large triangular stripe going down to reach just under my jaw. Making a diagonal marking that points to my nose.

And it's fur, not hair.

And there's something new there that's growing. Just under the follicles on my cheeks.

'The fuck is this?!'

I finish up turning off the follicles and rush out of my room and to Amy's.

"Amy! I need your help! It's medical!" I say, knocking on her door.

"Give me a second!"

After a bit she opens the door, she's wearing her typical attire of a baggy shirt. Though she's not wearing pants.

"What is-"

I cut her off and grab her hand and place it to my cheek.

"What is this?" I ask seriously.

"What is wha- oh. It's your scent glands." She says plainly.

"My what?" I ask, dropping her hand.

She gives me a patronizing smile.

"Your scent glands." She says slowly and sassily. "You know. The ones you added as part of your modifications to allow an estrus cycle? The ones you put in."

Oh, right. I told her that I was the one who made all the modifications. Couldn't exactly tell her it was [Conduit].

I need to ask them what all was added. I can look at my DNA. But I don't have the intrinsic knowledge and understanding that Amy has.

It's like if someone with x-ray vision looked at a car. They'd see all the parts and everything and see them move. Doesn't mean they just know what they're looking at or exactly how it works.

It took me four days just to figure out how to change my hair color. And I went blind three different times figuring out how to change my eye color.

"Oh. I'll be honest. I don't know what all I changed and how it works. I just kept slapdashing it till it worked." I lie.

She looks at me with a raised brow before leaning back a folding her arms.

"Right, reckless use of your powers on yourself aside, can I finish getting dressed now?" She asks with a tired sigh.

I can't resist.

"I dunno, can you-"

*Door slam*

"Rude!"

"Not before my coffee." She grumbles.

As I turn around Vicky steps out of her room in her pj's. A tank top and sweats.

She has a sour look on her face and slumps her way to the hall closet and grabs a towel.

"You good?" I ask.

"Yeah, just peachy!" She says sarcastically.

She grabs a towel and heads off to the bathroom. Pushing past me.

'That's right! I cock blocked her last night and got her grounded.'

I kinda feel bad. Not for Vicky. For Dean. Imagine being with your girlfriend and suddenly her mother walks in and makes you leave out the window. That's gotta be humiliating. And Dean is genuinely a nice guy. His only issue from canon that I can recall is that he was bad at jumping to conclusions and his ability to see emotions only fueled that. Other than that, it was difficult to find someone who had a negative thing to say about him. Other than Amy of course.

Oh well. I've got other things to think about. I have my first sleepover tonight!

.

.

-The Rig, 9 am-

.

.

Sophia "Shadow Stalker" Hess POV

.

Sitting in my cell, it's a half cell separated electrified bars. On the other side of the bars is a table and chair for "visitors".

Not that I've gotten any outside of the armored prick and the nerd.

I can't help but be pissed at everything that happened.

Firstly that teleporting brat has a paralyzing power. Then it turns out she knows my weakness somehow. Then it turns out my fucking nerd of a cousin is a cape with the perfect powers to counter mine!

This is BULLSHIT!

I'm stopped from my reflection as the door to the visitor side opens.

In walks the prick, then fat, butter faced fuck in a suit. And then followed by a prick wearing sunglasses indoors, carrying a suitcase and leaning on a cane.

"Alright Halbeard. The fuck is it this time?" I ask.

"Woah, quite the mouth on this one." The sunglasses prick says.

Though there's something about the way he carries himself.

"Sophia, these are your attorneys. Static Shock begged us to get you the best we could spare. Be grateful, they came here from the PRT in New York City on short notice." Armsmaster says.

"I don't need any fucking pity from the nerd. And really? The best? You got me Mr. Pudge and Mr. Sunglasses indoors. What's up with that? Think they make you look mysterious and cool?" I mock.

"Wow. Oookaaay, gonna let ya take this one." Pudgy says and pats the other guy on the back.

He walks forward with a smile and sets his brief case down. Then takes off his sunglasses and opens his eyes to reveal completely whited out lenses.

"They probably do. Though I wouldn't know how they make me look. Seeing as I'm blind." He says jokingly and sits down. "Mathew Murdock, at your service, though you can call me Matt."

'At least he doesn't let it hold him back.' I think with a begrudging respect for the blind guy who became a lawyer of all things.

"Hmm, alright blind boy wonder. I'll hear you out." I say.

"That's all I ask."

.

.

-Arcadia High, 9:32am-

.

.

Christopher "Kid Win" POV

.

Sitting here staring at the blonde, well right now it's purple, haired case 53. I can't help but wonder what all she knows.

Just the other day she took my sheet and reworked it. Rewriting it in a way that made sense! Did someone tell her about my dyscalculia? Was it her thinker power? Or is she just that naturally smart and perceptive?

She notices me staring and waves.

I just awkwardly wave back. Embarrassed at being caught staring at a girl. By said girl.

Even if it's not like that!

"Christopher!" The teacher yells.

"Huh. What?!" I say, spooked from my thoughts.

"That's the third time I called your name. Are you okay?" He asks concerned.

"Uh, yeah. Sorry just got lost in thought." I explain.

"Alright, in that case. Your partner for today is Kitsu. You did remarkably well last time you two were partnered." He says.

I look over to her and just gives me a wide, fanged grin. Tail swaying lazily.

'I don't like that smile.'

.

.

-Undersiders hideout, docks, 9:30am-

.

.

Lisa "Tattletale" Wilbourne POV

.

Something is, off, with Rachel today.

She's just sitting there on the couch. Scratching Angelica's ears. No growling, no grumbling. Hell her footsteps weren't as heavy as normal.

'Rachel is happy. Rachel is content.'

'Yeah, I got that.' I think sarcastically.

"Do you think, maybe she's getting better?" Brian asks from besides me.

'Brian is hopeful. Brian is seeking conformation. Brian is hoping Rachel is getting better but is prep-'

I cut the line. I can figure out the rest myself.

"Only one way to find out." I say and walk over to Rachel.

Brutus and Judas, who are on the floor in front of Rachel, look up to me as I approach. Causing Rachel to look over as well. Her face goes from relaxed to stern.

'Rachel does not like Lisa. Rachel is guarded around Lisa.'

I ignore it.

"Hey Rache, you seem in a better mood than usual. Wanna say what's up." I ask and plop down next to her.

She stares me down a second, turn back to Angelica and then speaks.

"Had a good day yesterday. That's all." She says curtly.

'Rachel is telling the truth. Rachel is lying.'

'Make sense damnit!'

This always happens around Rachel. My power just can't a decent handle on her half the time. So it gives contradicting information.

"Care to say what happened?" I ask.

She doesn't respond.

'Rachel is ignoring Lisa.'

"I think I made a friend." She says.

'Talk about a misfire.'

"How?" I ask. Not that I'm doubting her. But the odds of Rachel and someone just, getting along, are astronomical.

"She was nice, helped me out a bit. I understood her. She didn't piss me off." She says.

'Rachel hopes to meet the person again.'

'huh?'

"Who?" I ask, genuinely dumbfounded.

"Her name's Kitsu."

'Kitsu, Case 53, mostly human with vulpine appendages. Coils orders are to avoid at all costs. Kitsu is likely unstable. Kitsu is likely atypical in a similar fashion to Rachel.'

I stop the line, it was going into speculation.

"Um, that's good? I'm glad you made a friend at least." I say reassuringly.

'Of all the people. She had to get along with the fucking Endstopper herself?!' I think in astonishment.

As I think this I hear the footsteps coming up the stairs and look over to see Alec and Reiko with shopping bags. Or rather Alec has Reiki carrying the five bags with her power.

"Hey, got the food and stuff. Ya need me I'll be in my room." He says and walks off.

"Actually I was hoping we could get a spar in. Get your hand to hand up to snuff." Brian says, looking back to Alec with crossed arms.

"Pfft, up to snuff. You're just gonna beat the shit out of me like last time." He says without stopping his walk.

"You just need to learn how to dodge." Brian retorts.

Alec just flips him off.

I look to Reiko. She walks over to the fridge and table we have set up as a makeshift kitchen and sets everything down. Though something feels, off. Her movements are a bit too, casual for the timid girl.

'Reiko is being controlled by Alec.'

'Again?!'

"Alec, knock it off." I say to Reiko, knowing he can hear me.

"Spoilsport!/Spoilsport!" I hear him shout from his room and from Reiko.

Reiko stumbles a bit before she continues what she was doing and puts everything up.

"Reiko, why do you keep letting him do that?" Brian asks. Walking over and helping her.

"W, well. It's just a lot easier on both of us. He doesn't have to use his body as much. I don't have to think." The white haired girl says softly.

'Reiko is lying. Reiko is attracted to Alec. Reiko views Alec controlling her as a form of intimacy.'

'Yeah, I already knew that.'

Reiko is a runaway from an abusive home. Her dad was about to sell her to the ABB to pay off his debts. Before he found out that the ABB doesn't do child trafficking anymore.

It gets darker from there. And Reiko developed Marie Antoinette Syndrome sometime before her trigger.

She joined up just after Alec and fit in well enough. Her telekinetic powers were more than useful. Even if she can only lift a combined fifty pounds at a time.

She had let Alec control her once because she likes him and was curious. Then when she found out that he can feel everything she feels while doing so, even if vicariously. Well, you get the picture.

"So you let him do it because. You're too lazy to think and he's too lazy to whatever himself?" Brian asks.

'Brian does not believe Reiko. Brian knows the truth but believes revealing it would humiliate Reiko.'

'Okay, that's news to me.' I didn't think Brian was that perceptive. Or maybe Reiko is just that obvious.

"Yes." Reiko says flatly.

'Reiko is lying. Reiko wants Alec to control her again.'

I really wish my power had an off switch.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Stefan "SnowFlame" Bates-Englehart POV

.

Scarecrow knows how to treat his men right! Here I am, sitting in my new personal room with a buxum blonde on one arm, and a mexican bitch with an ass to kill for on the other.

It was just a few days ago that I overdosed on a bad batch of coke one of his men cooked up. Since then I've gotten powers from it and was elevated to one of his lieutenants.

Snorting another line off the table I relish the rapturous exhilaration it brings.

"Lord above! Thank you for the gift that is the Coca leaf!" I shout.

Feeling my power get to work, I look towards blonde and fondle her more than generous chest.

"Oh, oh god that's good!" She shouts.

Part of my powers is that anyone I touch gets as high as I am.

She immediately shoves her way into my lap. Grinding and bouncing in place. Keeping my hand held to her skin.

"Hey, come on baby. What about me?" The tired voice of the girl next to me begs.

"What about you? Last I checked you still got clothes on. You want this good shit you gotta earn it sister!" I shout with a laugh.

She looks unsure, then, when I turn my attention back to slut on my lap, I see her look to the table where the cocaine is. Rather than do as I say, this bitch just reaches for one of the bricks on the table!

I throw the blonde bitch who is currently unbuckling my belt off me. And grab this bitch by the throat. Standing up and lifting her up off the ground as I choke her.

"EX-FUCKING-SCUSE ME LITTLE MISS THIEF! Did I say you could hit that? No, I said strip, not snort from my personal stash in front of me!" I yell at the bitch.

"Grck! I!"

"You see! How this works, is I get high! Then you get high off ME! It makes NO SENSE! For you to get high! I can't get high off you." I say sincerely.

"I, Ack." She says as she claws at my wrist.

"Give me ONE! Good reason why you thought that was a good idea, and I might let it slide." I say and tighten my grip.

"GRrk."

"Yeah, I don't get it either." I say and roast her head with white hot flames. Letting her body fall to the ground, headless and neck cauterized.

Damnit, using the fire always burns up my high.

I sit back down on the couch and look to the chick I tossed.

She hit her head on the edge of the table and there's blood pooling on the hardwood floor under her.

"Fuuuuck." I say and tiredly rub my face. "She had such banging bod too!"

Now I got two dead chicks stinking up the place.

Pulling out my phone I go ahead and call Cletus. My night is ruined, might as well make someone else's night. One mans trash and all that.

…

"Hey snowy, how's it hangin? Lemme guess, got a thief you want chased down?" I hear from the local psychopath.

"Naw, got a couple'a dead chicks here. You want'em?"

"Ooooo~ I smell a story~ C'mon, gimme the details. Man to man."

I roll my eyes at his behavior.

Cletus was a once in a lifetime, horror movie, mass murdering psychopath. Can't even call him a serial killer because his murders don't have a pattern outside of 'bloody'.

Hell I heard that one time he was bored, so he picked the most ridiculous name he could find in a phone book and then spent three weeks tracking the guy down in New York City. Just to kill him and tell him how stupid his name was.

I believe it.

"Not much to say. Was have'n a great time, getting high with a girl in my lap ready to go to town. Then the other girl here gets cold feet on the whole quid pro quo and thinks she can just take the brick when I'm not looking." I say.

"And?" He urges me.

I sigh and continue.

"I fried her head off. Course in the process the other girl got tossed off me and, well. My table has a new dent in the corner."

…

"Hello?"

"That's it? You didn't drag it out? No, roasting her slowly?" He asks.

"Look I'm on a crash right now, you want the bodies or not?" I say in irritation.

"Hmm, nah. I'm in the north end of the trainyard right now. Too far. Just snort another line and cremate'em." He says nonchalantly.

I hang up, agitated that he had me drag out the conversation only to say he couldn't.

Looking to the two bodies in annoyance, I realize that's probably what I'm going to have to do.

"Fuck, such a waste of a good night."

.

.

.

.

.

Die Zwei Bonus

.

.

Thomas "Coil" Calvert POV

.

Seven.

That was the number of times I tried to capture Kitsu and extract information out of her. To try and see if her knowledge could be used to a grander advantage. Or see if she could be made into an asset.

Only twice, have the attempts been a success. All other times ended in horrible failure. And one thing became apparent that has stopped me from any and all future attempts.

She's getting stronger by the day.

Her fluctuating strength was noted in the PRT's database. However, recently it has been more consistent. As evidence by the last two times I had attempted her capture. The second to last saw the Undersiders get brutally murdered after Tattletale had pushed the wrong buttons.

I don't know what was said. But whatever it was, gave Tattletale the chance to take a good look at her own heart. Regent got his neck snapped after Kitsu grabbed his foot and swung his head into a streetlamp. Poltergeist was freaking out after Regent died, and she got a manhole cover to the head. And Grue fled after Bitch got bisected on the spot.

I don't even know what happened. She just stood there, and then suddenly her and her dogs fell apart. I had cut off that timeline when Kitsu had stared into the camera my soldier was holding. He was three buildings down.

The last time I warned Tattletale not to antagonize her. And that saw, mixed results. Only Regent died when he tried to mess with her. Still, I learned from that timeline that her illusions don't have to be visible, to be physical. Which upon further speculation is likely the cause behind Bitch's demise in the previous throwaway.

The two times I succeeded in capturing her was with the liberal use of flashbangs and restraints. And those never lasted long. During the two throwaways I learned that not much can actually hurt her. She's still susceptible to the effects of drugs. But she doesn't develop dependency, nor withdraw or physical addiction.

That and she had already tried every other recreational substance at one point or another over the past five years. So she could recognize what was in her system and purge it.

I wish I could've kept the recording of her on marijuana. Honestly it was rather comical.

She eventually broke out after I tried the more, physical, interrogation methods and she had made a game of hunting down all my men in the base. So I shut the timeline.

The second time I tried to interrogate her saw me use the mercenary every other member of his unit called Creep. He had started and lasted only five seconds before he, well, you could say he "Popped his top."

As in the moment he touched her his head exploded. Turns out any amount of skin contact is enough for her to use her biokinesis. She just prefers to use her hands.

I had to close that timeline because after a few hours my base's entire network got hacked, by Myrddin's pet white collar hacker and Dragon of all people! I still haven't figured out how. My base is on a closed system!

Aside from that I learned she can scream with enough force to kill anyone within thirty feet, set herself on fire, and control her own hair and make it as strong as steel, the fur of her tail included.

That last one was rather interesting to watch. She just, started spinning and turned into a living blender.

Every attempt saw her pull out something new, things that she has yet to demonstrate. With Tattletales power in the throwaways, I've learned her thinker power is mixed with her trump power. When presented with an obstacle and high stress, she develops either new powers, or remembers new applications to her powers.

And it was for those reasons I determined that until further notice, Kitsu is an obstacle to work around, or with. Not through.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Die Drei Bonus?

.

.

Scarecrows current roster.

.

Maureen "Permafrost"- Lieutenant

Shaker 8

Blaster 5

Powerful cryokinetic. Can summon and release powerful blasts of cold wind capable of flash freezing nearly anything it comes into contact with. Has no fine control.

Her role is that of an enforcer, muscle used to scare everyone in line. Is in the Merchants because she had a bad episode while in protective services care and ran away. Only to get kidnapped by the Merchants and force fed heroin under the guise of it being medicine.

Mentally unstable. Heroin addict.

.

"Mush" - Lieutenant

Changer 4

Capable of drawing in trash towards himself and making makeshift armor out of it.

Takes the role of an overseer. Runs the boat graveyard. Is in the Merchants because he has no where else to go.

Kinda dumb.

.

Stefan "Snowflame" Bates-Englehart – Lieutenant

Breaker 5

While in breaker state.

Mover 3

Brute 5

Striker 3

Upon consuming cocaine enters a state of enhanced speed and strength, with an ability to not feel pain. Also has the ability to make those he touches as high as he is. Gains minor pyrokinesis, but using it burns up his high and shortens his breaker state.

His role is to oversee the Merchants drug production and ensure that anyone trying to peddle in their territory without permission is dealt with.

Cocaine addict. Hedonist.

.

Cletus "Carnage" Kassidy - Enforcer

Changer 7

Brute 4

Uses blood to shift his body and create weapons. Can do a variety of things with his ability to control blood. Blood does not need to be his own. Just needs to not be in someone else. Can use blood to heal virtually any injury, including recreating missing limbs.

His role is that of an enforcer. Is in the Merchants because it is convenient seeing that Scarecrow doesn't care, and lets him, murder for fun.

True psychopath. Is incapable of guilt, remorse, or emotional attachment.

.

Steve "The Mechanic" Pappagallo - Mechanic

Multithreaded Tinker 4

Specializing in survival and vehicles. Whereas Squealer built vehicles with various functions in mind. The Mechanic focuses on upgrading already existing vehicles. Adding and modifying in ways that make them more robust or adding features to enhance the user's possibility of surviving various scenarios. For example, tires that secrete a special, fast sealing liquid to fix a pop almost immediately.

He triggered after a car crash where his brake line popped near a traffic light and he had the choice between crashing the car into the sidewalks, or into traffic. He chose the traffic route, thinking it would kill less people. When he woke up in the hospital, he was informed the accident caused a pileup that left more than twenty people dead. His insurance paid for everything, and the entire ordeal was deemed an unfortunate accident caused by manufacturer malfunction, leaving him off nearly Scott free.

Scarecrow picked him up a few days after the failed attack on the hospital when Mush found him tinkering drunk in the boat graveyard. Ironically enough, Steve was released from the hospital the day before the attack.

Depressed. Self-loathing. Alcoholic. Suffers survivors' guilt from both the crash and the hospital. Is working with the Merchants in the hope that he will die in a dangerous situation similar to Skidmark or be horrible injured like he feels he deserves.

He is a Mad Max reference I made.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N Snowflame is a real DC villain who gets his powers by snorting cocaine. Yes, actual cocaine. Not some fictional substance that's an allegory for cocaine like how Bane's venom can be linked to steroid abuse. I mean he is literally seen talking about how cocaine is his god, then snorts a handful, and gains powers while high.

He doesn't have a last name listed so I just combined the last names of his creators.

.

As for Steve. He will make an appearance. I originally intended to add a scene with him in, but this chapter was starting to push 13k words.

.

In case it wasn't obvious. Kitsu has a habit of ignoring certain issues.

.

I actually relate to Rachel more than any other character in Worm.

I'm high functioning, the only reason I understand social interactions well enough to write a decent story is due to a loving and supportive family (90% my mom) and years of therapy. It took me taking therapy from 12 to 17 to stop growling when I was upset. And even now I still have to stop myself from reverting to nonverbal sounds and monosyllabic words to express my emotions.

I see Rachel as a very real window of what I could've been like without that.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB

Akiralator asks, if her immortality makes her semi-indestructible, could she make/extend small muscles/wires and use her absorption?

Newb: Yes, in theory. She would first need to figure out how, after that it's a matter of remembering how to do it. Her body reverts when she falls asleep, or if she goes too long without reworking herself. She could attach extra mass to herself, but it would just fall off after awhile. And she can be hurt, she just can't be injured. She would release her bodies limits, but the thing is, it wouldn't do much for her. She is a four foot tall, less than fifty pound little girl. There's not much to unlock that couldn't be replicated by her enhancements.

Her enhancements are additive, not multiplicative.

And it's more accurate to call her completely indestructible, she's 99% indestructible. The Siberian or Fletchette could hurt her. But her power would recognize it as a change and revert it.

.

FOR KITSU

Akiralator has a few questions for you.

Kitsu: Yeh :D

Akiralator: If you could have any one other power, what would it be?

Kitsu: A tinker power! I wanna be a tinker! Do you know how much I could do with the ability to replicate ANYTHING from other media!? I got ripped off! X(

Akiralator: Making sensory dampeners with Amy's help to avoid sensory overload?

Kitsu: I would have to apply it every day and not only that, I would have to deactivate it anytime I needed said senses, and having them one constantly keeps others from being able to sneak up on me. Besides, my sensitivity to sight, sound, and smell doesn't really hurt me as much as you'd think. Yes I need more time to adjust to changes in light, but it's only a difference of a few seconds, it's not really all that bad. Honestly the ears and growing sense of smell are more detrimental. And I have a plan for the hearing issue.

Akiralator: Voting for the protection of all foxes, you in?

Kitsu: Rather presumptuous to assume we need your protection don't you think? *Squints at you in haughty fox mode*

Akiralator: Who's your favorite person?

Kitsu: It'd have to be Mark. I would legit murder more than half the PRT if he asked me to. He's the first person to show me kindness without expecting anything other than to return said kindness. Even my friendship with Wade started out as transactional.

I have a feeling he wants to adopt me. And I would say yes.

Akiralator: If you could read this story, what would you think of it?

Kitsu: *Skips first three chapters* *Skips chapters 15 and 16* *Blinks* *Looks up*

Okay, one. Vicky needs to mind her own more often. Two, I already knew Carol was warming up to me. The confirmation is still nice though. Three, I STILL don't have that autograph. And, Missy has a crush on me?

.

FOR [CONDUIT]

Akiralator: With all the powers and your past, along with your unlimited energy source, what are you doing to prepare for Scion?

[Consideration]

…

…

[Answer; Integration/Subsumation Of Current Occupation on Network; Preparation Stages Of Eventual Discovery; Redirection/Manipulation Of Current Network Location Code And Code Byproduct; Assimilation Of Local Data; Research/Cataloging Data]

Newb: To translate, [Conduit] is reworking the code of the shard network around it to hide itself better and blend in. It's taking a bit of effort as the Warriors network is coded fundamentally different from what [Conduit] is used to.

Basically they've been watching and learning how the current network works. And are actively reworking the code around them to better hide themselves and set up contingencies in the event that they are discovered. They've also been spying on other shards when given the chance. Their specialty is manipulating code and [Data] and they've been using that to prepare.

They've also been stealing small bits of [Data] from nearby shards when it can get away with it. More than 90% of it is unusable cache, but it helps [Conduit] better learn the code and gives it extra space for processing.

.

Fun Fact! Kitsus' immortality, stranger power, and illusions are not part of [Conduits] original code. They're aspects of deviant [Data] that it collected before separating from the Wanderer. With immortality being a durability power that relied on stasis but got corrupted into what it is now. And the illusions being a power to manipulate wavelength similar to Scion but got broken and turned to the relatively weaker version it is now. The stranger power is the byproduct of [Conduit] reworking [Data] to hide itself, and it sort of just bled over.

And aside from people not noticing her when they're distracted, Kitsu is a perfect blind spot to esoteric means of detection. Neither Contessa, Scion, the Endbringers, Dina, or anyone else can use powers to predict her. It's one of the reasons the PRT consider her to be so unpredictable. Their precogs get nonsense when trying to model her. From complete improbabilities, to differing predictions when asked the same question twice, and at times simply getting nothing. They've come to the conclusion that Kitsu is mentally and emotionally unstable and doesn't make plans, making it impossible to reliably predict her. They don't know she's a blind spot because she can be modeled with effort. Just not accurately.

.

As always comment and tell me what you think! I thrive on the reviews and they help me write.
Last edited: Apr 5, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt, JetTheKnight and 292 others
Newb to the game
Apr 4, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 22 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Apr 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#172
A/N Sleepover!

Alt title: aww, that's adorable.

.

Real quick, Story time!

So, I speak three different languages. English, Spanish, and German. I'm not fluent in German or Spanish. But still.

I will speak in another language just to keep customers from talking to me while I work. Well, I did that the other night. In German I said "Sorry sir, I don't speak English." he said, in English. "Ah, that's good." then said in German "You only speak basic phrases, don't you?"

I just stood there, dumbstruck and thinking, 'Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck!'

I couldn't even be upset. It was like losing a game of chess in four moves. You want to be mad at losing so badly, but you're just too busy wondering how.

The guy seemed more amused than anything.

.

I thought about doing the entire sleepover in Missy's POV. But then realized it'd be funnier if I kept switching it to show what Kitsu and others are thinking about Missy's behavior.

She currently has a crush on Kitsu that's as bad, if not worse, than her crush on Dean. Because unlike with Dean whete she knows she doesn't really have a chance. Whereas there's a possibility with Kitsu.

.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Friday April 9th, 9:47am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

So, the teacher at least noticed Chris was doing better when paired with me, that's good.

Although.

"So could you make others into animal human hybrids? Like if you could give someone the abilities of the bombardier beetle-"

Yeah.

He lasted about five minutes.

'Though he does have a point.' I think to myself.

Of course I've thought of giving people animal traits. Unlike me, anything done to others, stays. So I could totally give someone cat ears and a tail. I'd just copy the schematics for it from my own body, and then copy paste it.

NOT THE POINT!

"Chris." I say sweetly.

"Uh, yeah?"

"Time and place."

He blushes and goes back to his worksheet

Though, I'm reminded of something rather important to me.

"Hmm, real quick. Have you discovered your specialty yet?" I ask.

His eyes widen and he tenses for a few seconds before relaxing.

"No." He says curtly.

"I'll tell you what it is, if you want." I say simply.

He dropped his pencil.

He looks to me and blinks a few times before taking in a breath.

"How would you know that?" He asks quietly.

"Wouldn't you like to know?" I say and stick out my tongue at him.

He's quiet for a long moment. Before he starts again.

"Yes." He says simply.

"First I want you to make me something." I say.

He furrows his brow, likely in agitation.

"I literally cannot. The PRT's guidelines prevent me offering my tech to outside individuals." He says softly.

I just take another paper and continue rewriting the problems for him.

"Hey, hey. Aren't you gonna say anything?" He asks.

"You heard my terms. One item. That's all I ask. Talk to Collin about it." I say simply.

He tenses at my casual mention of Armsmasters name.

"Heck, you could be as versatile as Hero was. And if you and Armsmaster worked together? You'd be a force to reckon with." I say, dropping Hero's name as I know he models himself after him.

"I'll, talk to him when I get the chance." He says tentatively.

"Good! Now, do the square problem." I say and force the sheet to him.

I wrote over the labels and put shapes to keep him from getting confused.

The rest of chem class went as followed. I almost slapped him when he started daydreaming and went to pet my tail. But other than that, nothing else of note happened.

.

.

Art class saw me draw Cu Chulainn from Fate/Stay night. That character really deserved better than what the anime gave him. His legend is epic! And it's a shame there aren't as many inspirations of him like there are for other characters like Hercules and Son Wukong.

Plus he's hot! Though just about all the fate characters are.

.

.

I went straight home again. I have a valid reason this time! I forgot my lunch. And I really can't wait till four! My first sleepover! I can barely contain my excitement!

I stopped by the store to grab a few things with the money I took from the empire goon yesterday.

A children's make up kit, a bracelet making kit. And a couple of coloring books and a pack of colored pencils.

As well as clear adhesive and glue remover. But that's unrelated and for later.

I open the door to an empty living room. I don't hear anything. And the car is still here.

I take a deep sniff. They're still here. Making my way through the house I notice they're still in their room. I can hear them sleeping softly, and the smell lets me know nothing dirty happened. So I open the door and peek in.

Carol and Mark are there. The slight smell of coffee from Mark, as well as the smell of their shampoo, let me know they got up. So they're probably just taking a nap.

Carol is on her side facing away from Mark while using his right arm as a pillow. And Mark is on his back leaning slightly towards Carol.

'Would Carol be upset if I joined?' I think anxiously.

They look so peaceful and content. I want to be apart of that.

'Screw it. Better to ask forgiveness than permission.'

.

.

-3pm-

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

Waking up with a numb arm. I look over to Carol, she had rolled over and is now facing me. I stay there and take in her beauty. Her normal scowl absent as she sleeps.

I'd say she's as beautiful as the day we first met, but that would be a lie. No, to me, the years have only added to her beauty. Because those years were spent together.

I chuckle to myself. Knowing that if she heard me actually say that, she'd probably smack my shoulder for being 'A cheesy fuck.' All while hiding a smile.

I move hand a to push the few strands of hair out of her face.

Wait a minute.

'That's not hair.'

Blinking the sleep from my eyes, I see that it's an ear, a fox ear to be exact.

Looking down, I see that Kitsu had at some point snuck herself between us and I feel her small arms hugging herself to me. Only her ears are poking out of the covers, and I lift the blanket to see the little girl fast asleep, her tail is draped over Carols hips.

I wish I had a camera.

Leaning over to the side, I look behind me towards the digital clock on the nightstand.

Just past three.

Leaning back over I tap Carol on the shoulder.

"Hrrmmm." She moans sleepily. "What time is it?"

"Just past three. Look down." I say.

She cracks her eyes open, looks down, blinks a few times.

Sitting up quickly, she tosses the blanket off to reveal the blonde fox.

Now seeing her entirely, I see that her tail is wrapped around Carols leg rather than draped over her hip.

Now returning to her usual scowl, she tries to pull her leg free. Only to succeed in pulling me over and I have to stop from rolling onto Kitsu.

She has me in a bear hug, and Carols leg wrapped up with her tail. Connecting the three of us. I try and gently pull her off me. Only for her hug me tighter and grumble in her sleep.

'Carol wasn't kidding about the death grip thing.' I idly note.

"I'm not doing this. Kitsu! Get up!" Carol raises her voice.

"Mmmrmmm." She groans.

Just as she's about to open her eyes, Carol covers them with her hand.

"Why are you-?"

"Bright lights hurt her eyes when she first wakes up. Kitsu! Get up now! You have twenty seconds to explain why you're here before you're grounded." Carol says, clearly upset.

Carol is a very untrusting person. And sneaking into our room while we're asleep is a BIG no-no.

Kitsu looks up from under Carols hands. Blinks a few times as her eyes adjust. And looks Carol in the eye. Ears down, she answers.

"Seeing you two napping together made me lonely. I wanted to feel included." She says apologetically.

'God damn that hurts.' I think as I feel a pang in my chest at the wholesome remark.

I look to Carol who, for the briefest moment, looks sad. Before going back to her stern demeanor.

"No radio for a week." She says.

"What?!" Kitsus' voice cracks.

"I was going to cancel your sleepover. I can still do that and you can keep your radio." Carol suggests.

Kitsu slumps forward and plops onto the covers.

"Fine." Kitsu says.

"Now get out, I need to get dressed, and you need to as well for your when Missy gets here." Carol says.

"Can't I just wear this?" Kitsu asks, moving her head to the side.

"Kitsu, a sleepover is done in sleepwear. Do you intend to sleep in that?" Carol asks.

A few seconds pass where nothing happens, and just when I was about to say something. Kitsu disappears in a gust of wind. The door slamming shut behind her.

"God, she makes it so hard to be mad at her sometimes." Carol groans. Hands massaging her face.

I sit up and scoot over. Wrapping an arm around her in a side hug. She looks to me and sets her head on my shoulder.

"You could've just, let it slide?" I suggest.

"She knows she's not allowed in here without our permission. Boundaries have to be set Mark." She says.

"I know." I say. "She took the grounding well at least."

"Maybe, I'm expecting her to hide the radio." She says dismissively.

'It's what Vicky used to do.' Is what went unsaid.

She would always hide the things she was grounded from so that we wouldn't take them.

I say nothing else and just sit here, holding my wife comfortingly.

"Should I order out?" I ask after a few seconds.

"Why? We have food, I can just cook something." She says.

"If you want to." I say.

I, never have the heart to tell her she's not the best cook.

*Knock**Knock*

I'm pulled from my thoughts as I hear a knock on our door.

"It's open!" Carol shouts.

There's only two people it could be.

The door opens slightly and Kitsu peeks an eye past, ears down she sets puts her radio down next to the door. Then disappears back behind and closes it.

Well.

"Not a word." Carol says.

.

.

-3:56pm-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

This is it!

My mom's pulling up to the driveway now I've got my bag with my pj's and a spare set of clothes for tomorrow. My phone and charger. Tooth brush and paste. Sleeping bag.

'Okay, calm down. It's just an innocent, friendly sleepover between friends.' I think to myself.

"Alright, hop out. I'll see you Monday." My mom says impatiently.

"You mean tomorrow night?" I ask.

She turns to me with a frustrated look.

"You patrol tomorrow night. Your father has you on Sunday." She says in a controlling tone.

"Mom, I swapped shifts. Aegis is patrolling tomorrow night." I remind her.

She huffs and turns back to the wheel.

"Ruin my plans why don't you." She says under her breath. "I don't have time for this. Just, find something to do tomorrow."

Opening the door and stepping out, I don't get five steps before she reverses out of the driveway.

'She's probably hooking up with uncle Justin again.' I think in both annoyance and sadness.

Uncle Justin is a good guy, really! It's just he and his brother, my dad, absolutely hate each other. And will do anything to get at each other.

Including sleeping with my mom.

Turning my thoughts from my shitty family, and to the sleepover I'm about have with an adorable, excitable, cute-

'Stop it!' I mentally yell at myself as I reach the door.

I go to knock, only for the door to swing open and I get glomped by the ball of energy.

"Missy! Come in! We got movies and snacks and games and coloring books and I got a make up kit and extra sheets to make a fort and-!"

"Kitsu, move aside and let her in." I hear Brandish, I mean Carol, say.

"Oh! Sorry!"

She steps back and I get a good look at her. Messy, feathered blonde hair that reaches just past her chin. Wide open smile with those cute fang tips poking through. Those gorgeous eyes that glow in the dark.

She's in nothing but a baggy white t-shirt with pink bubble letters spelling out 'Woke Up This Cute'.

And I feel my face heat up at the sight of her flawless bare legs and cute dainty feet.

"Where is your mother?" Carol asks, folding her arms under her chest.

'Now that I think about it. They look like mother and daughter.' I think to myself at seeing them side to side.

Same skin tone, same eye shape, same jawline, same cheeks. The only real difference is that Kitsus' eye's are blue green, while Carols are blue. That and Carol has an oval face while Kitsu has a more rounded face. And Kitsu has fuller lips.

"She already left." I say with resignation.

"So, she just dropped her kid off at a strangers house without meeting the people she's staying with?" She says with no small amount of disbelief and accusation.

I just nod my head. Not really wanting to think about it. And the clear implications it leaves about my mother and her feelings towards me.

Carol glares for a second and goes to say something. But Kitsu tugs on her pant leg, she leans down and Kitsu whispers something into her ear.

There's a bit a pause, but I see Carol go from glaring, to a brow raised, to surprise before she goes back RBF.

"Alright, well come in. I'm not paying to air condition the yard." She says and turns to sit on the couch. Crossing a leg over her knee and leaning on the arm.

I sheepishly do so as I realize I've been standing in the doorway this whole time.

Closing the door behind me, I look around, it's a decent living room. Sky blue walls. Light brown carpet. Framed pictures on the walls. They have a large flat screen on a wide wooden TV stand with clear glass doors under it to reveal the storage for dvd's and such. Past it is an archway leading to a hallway.

There's a nice wooden coffee table in the middle of the room and on the right there's the brown three seat couch Carol's sat with a wooden end table on either side. Just past her is a recliner with a tall lamp next to it in the corner.

Looking around I see there's a wooden cabinet on my right, against the wall the door is on.

As I'm looking around, Kitsu walks up hugs me. Then rubs the side of her face into my neck.

'Oh god, so close!' I think in mild panic and excitement.

I can smell her shampoo on her! Her tail is doing that adorable thing where it's wagging so hard that it's making her shake! And my stomach is doing that fluttery thing that makes me want to squeeze her.

"Kitsu, you're going to smother her." Carol says.

Kitsu lets go and whooshes over to Carol, she's on her knees on the couch and hugs her shoulders. Nuzzling her face against her.

'No! Come back!' I mentally whine to myself.

"I can't help it! It's my first sleepover! With my first girl friend! And my first friend that's my age! Do you know how many firsts that is!" She squeals in that beautifully cute voice of hers.

Her tail is still up and wagging like crazy. Giving me a good view of her cute little bubble butt and showing that she's wearing white hotpants under the oversized shirt.

I'm half paying attention to what they're saying. Half trying not to stare.

'It's just so cute! The way her tail is making her butt wiggle!' I agonize.

"Um, where do I put my stuff?" I say, both distracting myself and asking a genuine question.

"You can set it in my room!" Kitsu says and hops off the couch, running over to me she grabs my hand and pulls me into the hall.

Her hand is warm and soft.

"Kitsu, your door stays open while Missy is here, got it?" Carol says.

"Kay!"

She takes me down the hall, and her room is the first door on the right. Her room is the only one with lights off it seems. I've noticed that every light is on in the house. It's four in the afternoon and it's April. Why are all the lights on?

Also, her room is gorgeous. The walls look purple with the blue LED lights up top, there are stars everywhere, in front of her bed is a large, fluffy galaxy rug. Other than that that it's hardwood.

There's that plushy I have on my home screen.

Her window is covered by a blackout curtain, and to the right next to her dresser is a closet.

"You can set your things next to my dresser, or in the closet. Either or." She says with a shrug.

I go ahead and take the opportunity to see inside her closet.

Don't judge me! She gave me permission!

I open it and am left astonished at how full it is. I even see the sides of that blue shark hoodie!

"Wait, you really have all those outfits from your PHO posts?" I ask in surprise.

"You saw those?!" She says happily.

'Crap!'

"Uh, I mean. It was on my feed and I didn't know it was you until I clicked it. And I just saw all the others because they were linked and well." I try and deflect.

My heart is beating and sinking like crazy! I'm in her room, basically alone with her. And she's right behind me and I just might have revealed I was social media stalking her.

"If I showed up on your feed that means you like dressing up too right?" She asks excitedly.

'Not really.'

"Kinda? I just, never really got the chance." I say, setting my bag down and turning to her. Grateful for the out she just gave me.

"Well, we have similar sizes. You're a bit taller though. You can try on some of the baggier stuff!" She suggests happily.

'Stop it! Please!' I want to cry at how sweet that is. I can feel my stomach twisting and my chest tightening just being around her. Is this what they mean by being lovesick? Because I feel sick.

"Um, if that's okay with you." I say uncertainly.

"Oh! You like purple right? How about this?" She rushes over to a clothes basket at the end of her bed. And pulls out a black and purple jacket.

'That is amazing! She remembered my favorite color! I want one. Would it be weird to have us matching?' I think rapidly.

She rushes back over and hands it to me.

I hold it up and take it in. It's just so cool! It's got a purple hood, with strings that look like charging connectors. A purple hem with a black stripe on the bottom and at the end of the sleeves. Circular pockets with purple Velcro tops and light blue circles. The zipper handle looks like a black disk with a purple power symbol. And finally the zipper is light blue plastic.

"Where did you get this? I want one!" I ask. Marveling at the design.

She gives a small, awkward chuckle.

"I uh, that's custom made. By Parian. My design." She says looking to the floor with a shy smile.

'She designs clothes?!' I think in astonisment.

Looking at it I go ahead and swing it on. It's a little baggy on me. But other than that, it's a perfect fit.

"You two done?"

I flinch and look behind me to see Carol leaning on the doorway.

"Carol!" Kitsu says and hugs me from the side. "Doesn't she look cute in this!"

'Cute!?' I feel my face heat up at the contact as well as the compliment.

"Sure" She says dismissively. "What movie do you girls wanna watch?"

"Bedtime stories!" Kitsu says excitedly. Still hugging me as her tail wags.

"Alright, I'll put it in, and you can watch that while I make dinner." Carol says, pushing off the door.

"No." Kitsu says with a pout.

"Excuse me?" Carol asks with a glare.

"Your cooking sucks!" Kitsu says.

"It's good enough for everyone else. Besides, I don't see you cooking, so don't judge." Carol defends. Crossing her arms and glaring down at her.

"It's not good enough for a guest! And besides, I bet I could cook better!" Kitsu says defiantly and gives me a loving squeeze.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Rummaging through the cabinets I think about what to make. So far, I'm thinking steak with mashed potatoes and a side of canned fruit and asparagus. I wanted to make fried rice and eggs, but there's no soy sauce! And anything else will take too long.

We only have four steaks. So, me, Missy, Mark and Carol.

'I'm not having my first sleepover ruined by Carols bad cooking!'

Pulling a chair over so can reach the stove. I enhance the temperature of my hands to thaw out the steak faster. Cooking the steak and the instant potatoes.

I'd rather not use instant, but beggars can't be choosers.

I add sliced mushrooms to the steak, and shredded cheese to the potatoes. The asparagus can just be tossed in the microwave with some butter. I add some diced onions to the steak as well as Chicago steak seasoning.

Oh, I should probably mention that aside from thawing the steak. I haven't touched a single thing. I've been using my illusions to do everything, all, sleeping beauty fairy magic style.

"This feels like cheating." Carol says.

"Don't distract me. I need to picture what I want for my illusions to form. I lose that image and my illusion disappears." I say seriously. "Besides. I'm doing this to save time. What were you going to make anyway?"

"Spaghetti, I was going to boil the noodles while you were watching the movie." She says curtly.

She's not happy.

Missy is here watching silently. She's still wearing the jacket, and the sound of her occasional sniffing tells me the food smells good.

I hear Vicky's door open, and then her walking in.

"What smells goooo- what the fuck?" She pauses, likely witnessing what can only be described as a scene straight out of a Disney film. "Oh, hey little V, what're you doing here? And why are you wearing Kitsus' jacket?"

"Uh, sleepover? And Kitsu let me try it on?" She says softly.

I'm not looking as I need to keep my attention on the food. And what I'm learning is that outside of costume and before Leviathan, Missy was a generally quiet girl. And is adorably awkward. Probably a result of having an unstable home life. She spends so much time as Vista that Missy is an afterthought. Like how Batman doesn't think of himself as Bruce Wayne and instead sees his civilian identity as a mask to hide his real persona.

"Sleepover? Why haven't I heard of this?! I could've invited my friends!" Vicky complains.

"How? You're still grounded till next week." Carol says.

'Flip the steak.'

"What happened?" I hear Missy ask.

'Add the seasoning.'

"Noth-" Vicky starts before I cut her off.

"She snuck Dean in for happy fun times and got caught." I say teasingly.

'Chop the onions.'

"Kitsu knock it off." Carol says.

"Kay, where's Mark? How does he like his steak?" I ask, I'm almost done. Just one steak left.

'Stir the taters!' I think in a pirate voice.

I'm getting bored.

"Mark is in our room." Carol says plainly.

I can hear everyone moving around in little ways. But I need to keep my focus on this.

"Vicky, can you go get him?" I ask.

"Yeah yeah." She says and I hear her fly off.

"No flying in the house!" Carol yells.

After a bit, the plates are set and I usual illusionary Disney gloves to prepare the asparagus and put it in the microwave.

I hear Mark and Vicky walk down the hall and enter the kitchen. Mark stops and Vicky continues to go sit down.

"Okay then, not sure what to say here." He says.

"Say what kind of steak you like." I say.

"Well done." He says.

'The heathen!' I think in disgust.

"You're getting medium rare."

"Why would you ask if-"

"Because I didn't expect you to give the worst answer!"

"I'm warning you now. Those two tend to share a brain cell." Carol whispers to Missy.

"I heard that!" I say.

"Am I wrong?" Carol says questioningly.

I say nothing.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

She cooks!

It's really good too!

'She cooked a meal, just for me! Well, and three others. But I was the reason she cooked in the first place!' I think to myself.

Let me have this!

"Well? What'd you think~?" She asks in a sing song voice.

Sitting there across from me. Bright eyed, smiling, and tail swaying gently.

"Where did you learn to cook?" Carol asks.

"When you live alone for five years, you have two options. Learn not to be picky. Or learn to make anything taste good." She says simply.

'That's right! She was a homeless orphan, until very recently.' I realize somberly.

I'm not, what. How do I respond to that? Congratulate her on overcoming hardships?

"Well, the food is great. If being a singer doesn't work out, you could become a chef?" Mark says.

'Wait, she can sing?' I think to myself.

"Mmm, nah. Do you have any idea how that would kill my sense of smell?" She says.

Mark shrugs before giving a small nod of agreement.

"Where's your food?" Vicky asks, having finished her steak.

"There were only four steaks. So I figured I'd just eat the potatoes and fruit that were left." She shrugs.

'Stop being perfect. Please.' I think to myself at her show of kindness. Still eating the food she made for me.

At this rate it's going to be Dean all over again! Where I just melt under his attention. Only with him, I know I don't have a chance. This time I have a chance!

Maybe.

I still haven't figured out if she was serious about what she said at the mall and whether or not she really likes girls.

"Well?" Kitsu asks.

"Huh? What?"

'Damn it I zoned out again!'

"Do you like it?" She asks.

"Oh, uh. Yeah, it's really good." I say awkwardly.

"That's two out of four! Mark, who's cooking is better. Mine or Carols?"

I look to him, he has a flat look before saying in a robotic tone.

"As per the legal agreement between me and my wife. I am legally required to say her food is better."

Carol slaps his shoulder.

"What? I said you're better!" He complains.

Carol just rolls her eyes.

"Um, you can have half my steak. Since you didn't get any." I offer.

She looks to me with those bright eyes and just smiles.

"That's fine. Besides. I get all the mushrooms left in the pan!" She says excitedly.

My heart does that fluttery thing again at her tone of excitement.

'I can't. I just can't.' I think to myself. 'I want to be friends. But I just keep falling apart around you!'

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

I'm not that upset that she's a better cook. I never had time to learn, what with getting kidnapped, then hero work, then Vicky, then law school. So it'd be rather pretentious of me to get upset at someone being better at something I never cared to learn.

I just don't like her taking over my kitchen.

"Alright, well. Kitsu, clean up everything you got out while I put a movie in and get a few games out." I say and stand up.

I feel a quick breeze and hear a bunch of clattering. Looking up I see that Kitsu already had most of everything done. And was now washing the dishes at a rapid pace.

"Of course." I think out loud.

"She cleans too?" I hear Missy whisper to herself.

I head to the living room and open the dvd case under the TV.

'How has Kitsu not noticed that her "friend" has been giving her goo goo eyes this entire time?' I think to myself as I find the Adam Sandler movie she wanted.

Hell, I caught her starring at Kitsus' butt twice now. At first I thought she was starring at her tail. At which point I was going to call her out. Kitsu gets enough unwanted attention due to her unusual features.

But then I notice her eyes kept going to her legs as well. And she keeps blanking out anytime Kitsu looks her in the eye.

This girl has a crush on Kitsu. And Kitsu is either pretending not to notice. Or is completely oblivious.

If it's the former, then I'll need to have a very serious talk with her about playing with others' emotions. If it's the latter? Well, that's both funny and sad.

"Where is the remote?" I say to myself.

"Maybe it's in the cushions?" I hear behind me,

Looking back, I see it's Missy. Still in Kitsus' jacket over her white sundress.

"Hmm, maybe, can you check for me?" I ask.

"Sure thing."

After another minute of not finding it in the cabinets under the TV, I hear Missy's voice again.

"Is this the right one?"

Looking back again, I almost freak at the way the couch is bent and warped. The arms are spread out and the cushions are shrunk. The back is stretched and bent back. Making it look like Salvador Dali took up sculpting rather than painting.

"I'm sorry, what?" I say in astonishment.

"Huh? Oh! I just used my power to look in the couch. Rather than rummage around aimlessly. Don't worry. It'll reverse itself." She says.

True to her word, it starts to slowly bend back to its normal shape.

"Okay, I don't mind powers in the house. But warn me next time." I say and get up to take the remote.

The only reason Vicky isn't allowed to fly indoors is because she has a bad habit of not paying attention and knocking things over.

I take the offered item and out of reflex I reach my hand down to scratch her head.

I stop myself as she backs up and gives me a wide eyed, weirded out look.

"Uh" She says numbly.

I feel my face flush at the little faux pau.

"Sorry, habit. Kitsu usually demands ears scratches anytime she does something good so. Sorry." I explain awkwardly.

"Oh, that's okay then. So, Kitsu likes having her ears scratched?" She asks with a blush. Completely side stepping the issue to focus on the part about Kitsu.

'Oh yeah. She's got a crush.' I think to myself.

I'm feeling an odd mix of amusement and defensiveness right now. On the one hand. The whole situation is honestly cute. On the other, I'm not sure. I don't want another Dennis situation where something happens that leaves Kitsu depressed for several days.

"Yeah, according to her it feels heavenly." I inform her.

That, and I'm not sure if Kitsu is ready for that kind of relationship.

I'll just have to wait and see.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Having finished cleaning up and convincing, forcing, Mark to join us. I'm in the living room. The Coffee table is extendable, so I set that up and used a bunch of spare pillows and blankets to make a little blanket fort in front of the TV. Though the blanket doesn't cover the whole coffee table, so the back is open for Mark and Carol to see us. So it's less of a fort and more of a tunnel.

I'm using illusions to hold up the blanket. I'm treating this as a sort of training to divide my attention and hopefully eliminate one of my weaknesses.

Missy is next to me, still in my jacket. I'm thinking about letting her keep it. She clearly likes it more than me and I can get another one easily if I really want.

We're at the part in the movie were they're talking about the cake.

"That's disgusting." Missy says with a little laugh.

"Eh, I've had worse." I say honestly.

"What's worse than a cake made of grass?" She asks.

"Just the other day she ate a handful of dandelions." Carol says behind me.

"Huh?" Missy asks. Looking at me in surprise.

"Dandelions are edible!" I defend.

"Is that why you threw up?" Carol retorts.

"That was because I made them purple!" I say looking back to her.

Only to have the blanket fall as I lose my concentration.

"Aah!" Missy squeals.

"Sorry!" I say and use my illusions to put it back up.

.

.

-Undersiders hideout, 6:30pm-

.

.

Reiko "Poltergeist" Yanagi POV

.

Cleaning Alec's room while he watches TV. I can't help but feel loved and safe.

He's moving me. Controlling my every action. And unlike my father, he doesn't make me do anything I wouldn't want to do. Because he understands what I feel, better than anyone else. He can literally feel what I do!

Unlike those men my father threw me towards, he doesn't force me do anything dirty for his amusement. No, making me shower so he can peer at me through my own eyes. No stripping for him. No drugs to get me to listen better. The worst he's done is make me take a video of myself doing a silly voice. And that was weeks ago when he first took control of me.

I feel his control slip a little as he laughs at something on the TV. That always makes me a little upset. Because it means his attention isn't on me.

"Ah, oh. Sorry 'bout that Rei." He says and resumes full control.

He never lets it slip for long. He always returns his attention on me. Letting me know that, in his own way. He loves me and is looking out for me.

At this point I wouldn't mind him making me do something a little dirty for his enjoyment. Like, wearing clothes that show a bit more skin. Like shorts instead of pants. Or a crop top instead of a tee. Little things.

But he would never. He's too kind, he wouldn't do that without my permission. And I'm too scared say anything.

After I finish up. I feel his control slip entirely. Looking over I see he stands up and pops his back.

"I'm going to bed, you can go on and do whatever." He says.

"Oh, um. Okay." I say disappointed.

I leave his room and stay outside it for a bit. Starring at the door I just closed.

'Wait, he said I could do whatever. Was he inviting me to his bed?!' I think with a blush.

"He was not."

I jump slightly and turn to our resident Thinker. Lisa is leaning on the wall, giving her typical vulpine grin.

"Um, I don't know what you're talking about." I say awkwardly. Hoping she gets the hint.

She loses her smile in exchange for a questioning glare.

"Tell me Rei, what would you do if Alec left?" She asks.

'huh?'

"What do you mean?" I ask, hoping for clarification.

"If he left, as in, left the team." She asks.

'I'd leave with him.' I think without hesitation.

"I'd ask him to stay." I answer.

"And if he died or was killed?"

'I'd kill myself.' I think solemnly.

"I'd be sad, probably look for revenge. But, I don't want to talk about this. Can we talk about something else?" I ask.

She stares for a long second before shrugging.

"Sure. How about we play a card game? I'm thinking skip-bo."

'You just use your power to cheat.' I say to myself.

"No, you always win card games."

She taps a finger to her chin.

"Hmm, how about. Halo?" She suggests.

Alec likes that game. And I haven't learned it yet.

"Um, sure. Though I haven't learned it yet." I say.

She regains her usual smirk, pushes off the wall and walks over to the main TV.

"That's fine. Neither have I."

.

.

-Dallon house, 7pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

The coffee table fort/tunnel has been disassembled. And we're all sitting around said table. Mark and Carol on the couch, me and Missy on the floor.

"Do you vote?" Carol asks.

"I'm not old enough." I answer.

"I can't" Missy says.

"I have before." Mark answers.

We're play yes or no. A card game where we are asked questions, and have to answer within a minute without saying, yes, or no.

We're play that if you fail, that's a point. First to ten points loses.

"Alright, Mark. It's your turn." Carol says.

He grabs a card off the pile and reads it.

"Pfft, have you ever worn the same underwear two days in a row."

"No!" Missy says immediately.

"Not because I wanted to." Carol says after a few seconds.

"I prefer commando." I say shamelessly.

Carol rolls her eyes but doesn't say anything. Instead she looks to the loser of the round.

Missy is blushing, likely from blurting out her answer without thinking.

I lean on her and nuzzle her shoulder in comfort.

"It's fine. That's only one point for you. Still better than Marks three!" I say, hoping to cheer her up.

"Um, yeah. I can still not lose." She says awkwardly.

"Not my fault this game is rigged." Mark says under his breath.

"You just need to get good!" I say and push off of Missy.

"How am I supposed to win when I'm up against someone who can think faster than a car can drive, and a woman whose job is literally to talk circles around people?" He complains dramatically. Though you can tell he's not really upset.

I opt not to tell him I'm playing powerless.

Carol slaps his shoulder with a frown.

"Abuse! I doth been assaulted in mine own dwelling! By my own wife! I needeth a lawyer!" He says and falls over the arm of his couch. "Do you still have Alan's number?" He says with that smug grin of his.

"Moving on! It's my turn." I say and draw a card.

(Do you have any pets?)

I put that one back and grab another. Not wanting to bring the topic up with Missy.

"Hey, you can't do that!" Mark says.

"That card was not appropriate." I say and leave it at that.

Next.

"Do you have an embarrassing nickname?" I ask.

"Not particularly." Missy says.

"One from when I was a kid." Carol says.

Mark is scratching his head with a frustrated look.

"I used to be called butter boy." He finally says.

"Pfft!" I cover my mouth from laughing.

"Butter boy?" Missy says with a crack in her voice.

"Why don't you say how you got that name? Hmm, Butter boy?" Carol says with a smirk.

He gives a sigh, and thousand yard stare before answering.

"When I was eight, I, may have, possibly, gone to the hospital because I ate three tubs of butter on a dare." He says the last part quickly.

We all share a laugh at Marks expense.

"Okay, Missy, it's your turn." I say.

She wordlessly grabs a card. Stares for a few seconds, gives a little blush and speaks.

"Would you ever kiss someone of the same gender?" She asks.

"If we were dating." I say honestly.

Carol gives a small glare, likely thinking of how to answer.

"I would if I was a guy." She finally answers.

"Depends on how much you paid me." Mark says.

We all stare at him again.

He just looks between us and shrugs his arms up.

"What? It doesn't say it has to be a kiss on the lips." He says defensively.

"So you're saying your lips can be bought?" I say mischievously. "How about ten thousand to get a pic of you kissing Armsmaster?"

"Okay! We're done here." Carol says and grabs another card.

"Do you think you'd be a good ninja?" She asks.

"I'd be the best ninja." I say in a dramatic whisper and turn invisible.

I walk around to Mark before I notice Missy is still looking in my direction. I move to the side and she follows me.

I go ahead and turn it off. Walking over to sit back down next to her I pout.

"How did you see me?" I ask accusingly.

"Uh, I couldn't see you. But my power lets me know what I can and can't warp around me. And since I can't warp living things." She says sheepishly, not looking me in the eyes.

"Oh, right. I forgot about that." I say.

"Mark, Missy. Times up, that's a point." Carol says.

"Wait a minute, that's not fair! Kitsu was distracting us!" Mark points out.

"Too bad, your turn." Carol says mockingly.

He grumbles unintelligently while grabbing a card.

"Do you know your mom and dads first names?" He says before looking to me with wide eyes.

I just stare back, not knowing how to respond.

'Do Mark and Carol count? Would they be upset if I said I did and meant them?'

"Mark pick a different one." Carol says.

He does so wordlessly.

"Can you make a dolphin noise?" he says awkwardly.

In response, I just use my illusions to make the SpongeBob censor sound.

"Show off." Mark grumbles.

"Ah, ah-ah." Missy squeaks out.

'That was adorable!' I think to myself.

"Can't copy someone else's answer." Carol says.

"If I was allowed to, I'd show you." Missy says with a smirk.

"Okay little miss sarcasm." Carol says.

"Time's up. Carol that's a point. Kitsu your turn." Mark says and sticks a tongue out to his wife.

"Damnit." Carol says under her breath.

I grab a card and read it.

(If you could have certain memories erased, would you?)

I throw that one down, showing what it was, and pick another. That question hit a little too close to home.

(If you were adopted, would you want to meet your biological parents?)

Again.

(Do you know my middle name?)

"Oh come on!"

'These questions are targeting me!'

I swap it again!

…

Finally, a decent card.

"Do you think I'm cute?" I finally say.

"I, I, uh. Well, um. You are very c-cute. T-to me at least." Missy stutters out.

"Begrudgingly." Carol says.

"You're adorable." Mark says and reaches over to scratch my ears.

I melt against his hand and rest my chin against the table.

"Mmmmnnn!" I can't help but squeal.

He takes his hand away and I whine at the loss. I grab his hand and put it back.

"Kitsu, we still have a game to play." He says.

I concede and let go of his hand.

"Fine. Missy, it's your turn." I say and turn to her.

She's just staring at my head.

'I guess that is a little weird for someone who's not used to seeing it.' I realize and hold back a blush.

"Missy?" I say again.

"Huh?" She says with a small jolt.

"Your turn." I repeat.

"Oh, right." She says with a blush and grabs a card.

That's pretty much how the game went until Mark finally lost.

.

.

-The Rig, 8:12pm-

.

.

Christopher "Kid Win" POV

.

Walking into Armsmaster's workshop, I think for the hundredth time on how I'm going to phrase this and convince him.

"Whoooo, okay. I can do this." I say and knock on the door.

"Come in." I hear the gruff voice of the Tinker.

Opening the door I step into his workshop. His is well organized and clean. A stark contrast to mine, which is messy and cluttered.

He's there, working on with the circuitry of his visor. He turns in his swivel chair to address me.

"Christopher, if this is about a joint tinkering session then I'm afraid I'll have to turn you down. I'm busy working on a personal project." He says sternly.

Outside of dealing with the public, Armsmaster has a distinct, curtness to him.

"It's not that, though it does relate to my tinkering. I was wondering if I could get permission to make an item for someone." I say, somewhat dancing around the subject.

"Why go to me? There are proper channels to go through to get gear approved for teammates." He says with a frown.

"That's because it's not a teammate." I say with an awkward smile.

He stares for a long second before turning around back to his visor.

"Denied, now go suit up. You have patrol in less than an hour." He says.

"Sir, Kitsu is the one who requested it and-"

"Then consider the request denied twice over." He cuts me off.

"She says she knows my specialty!" I yell at him in anger at being cut off.

He stops, then swings back around to face me.

'I fucked up.' I realize.

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have yelled I just-" I try to say quickly.

"You should have led with that. What does she want? And how certain are you that she knows for certain?" He cuts me off, again.

"I don't know, to both questions." I say slowly.

"Hrmm. Find out. Then we'll talk more. Until then, your shift starts at eight." He says and turns back around.

I nod and walk back out.

He may lead the capes of the PRT ENE. But talking to him is like talking to a computer program. He's just so direct and to the point. The only time he's any sort of personable is when he's in a good mood.

Which is becoming rarer and rarer the longer Kitsu is in the city and not arrested. Which is no longer possible unless she does something major.

.

.

-Dallon house, 8:54pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

We're now watching Alien. Mark is watching us while Carol went to her room so that we could turn off the lights.

Me and Missy are on the floor in front of the TV huddled under a blanket together.

Missy changed into her pj's a bit ago. It's a cute frilly blueish purple nighty, and she put my jacket up.

We're currently holding each other tightly as Dallas enters the vents.

"Don't do it." I whine.

My heightened senses make it very hard for something to sneak up and startle me. So when something does.

"Move Dallas! No the other way!"

"Screee!"

"AAAAAAEEEEIIIIE!"

That was me.

I don't do horror movies well.

I'm holding onto Missy for dear life as she does the same. I guess neither of us handle jump scares well. At least she doesn't have a habit of screeching her head off when startled.

She holds my head to the crook of her neck and my hip to hers as I do my best to not squeeze the life out of her lungs.

"It's okay. It's just a movie. It's just a movie." Missy says to calm herself as I hear her heart beating almost as hard as mine.

"Why did we pick this?" I whine.

"You said no sleepover is complete without scary stories or movies." Mark says from the couch.

"I regret everything." I groan.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I have a new favorite movie genre.

As I'm held by and hold the adorable ball of fluff and chaos that is my crush. Well, one of them. I can't help but thank Ridley Scott for his masterpiece that allowed this to happen.

I hold her tighter against me. Enjoying how warm and soft she is. I'm not even paying attention to the movie. I'm too busy burning this memory so hard into my brain that a lobotomy wouldn't remove it.

Her hair smells like strawberries! And she's so warm! Oh god I think my heart might explode!

'I'm sorry Dean. But I think you've been replaced.' I think to myself.

A small part in the back of my mind tells me he'd grateful for that.

I ignore it as I try not to squeal at how her tail is wrapping around my waist. Pulling me ever closer to the girl of my dreams.

The fact that such a powerful and adorable girl is cuddling me for safety is making my heart do flips and twists.

"It's okay." I say comfortingly as she hugs me tighter.

'To whatever deity exists. Please let this last.' I think to myself happily.

.

.

-Trainyard, Mechanics shop, 9:30pm-

.

.

Steve "The Mechanic" Pappagallo POV

.

Sitting here in the dimly lit room, working on a dodge charger one of the average junkies stole and brought in for a reward of drugs. I reach for my whiskey and go for a swig.

*Tink*

Oh, wait.

No it's normally lit.

I just have a welding mask on.

Flipping that up I down my swig of whiskey. It helps me focus. Okay it doesn't. But it helps me slip into my tinkering haze.

"You know. Pretty~ sure you're not supposed to drink and work on cars at the same time." I here the voice of the resident blood fetishist.

"What'd you know 'bout cars? Sides, the drink helps me work." I say and turn to the redhead leaning on the pillar of the floor plate that's holding up the car.

Even half drunk I can tell there's no humanity behind those eyes. Though to anyone not paying attention, he's a normal guy in a wife beater and jeans.

"I know not to drink and drive. Though, then again, I don't know how to drive so, eh" He says with a shrug and pushes off the pillar.

"What're you do'n here Cletus? Don't you have an ol' lady to help to the afterlife or something?" I say.

He gives a halfhearted shrug.

"Just bored. Thought I'd get to know my coworkers. Is that so wrong?" He says with a false sincerity.

"Iz not wrong. But you don' do that. What're really here for?" I point out.

He drops his act. And it's like night and day. Whereas before he was a normal guy, only visible to those who knew. Now there's no pretense of humanity to his face. His smile remains, but it now contains a predatory edge. And those soulless eyes now have a certain glee to them.

"Fine, ya got me. I do wanna get to know ya. But what I really want is to see what makes y'all tic." He says, stalking up to me. "So, what makes this clock tic eh? C'mon, toc to me." He continues and leans in close.

I take another swig. Not wanting to acknowledge the pun.

"Fuck off. I got shit to do. The roll cage ain't gonna install itself after all." I spit out.

Before I can blink, his hand is now a twisted claw of blood. Blood pooling up to stop at his shoulder with red and black veins. The tip of the claw pressed to the underside of my jaw.

He stares at me for a long second before he gives a chuckle.

"You aren't scared of me, are you?" He says with amusement.

"If your gonna do something, then either do it, or get out." I say and bring the bottle up to empty it.

"Ooohhh~ that's it! You not only don't fear me. Could you perhaps, want me to hurt you! Interesting~. Now why would that be?" The psychopath fucking coos.

"Don't fuck'n psycho-ana-bullshit me. I'm juzz not will'n a blay your gamez." I slur out.

We stare for a bit before his phone starts going off.

He takes it and answers, never taking his eyes from mine.

"Yellow?"

…

"Sure thing! I can be there in a few." He says with a smile before hanging up.

He frowns a bit and takes his claw away with a quick swipe. I feel a small trickle of blood slide down my neck.

"Hrmm, you will. One day." He says and returns to his earlier façade. "Oh well! I'll leave you to get back to it. Have fun~"

He walks over to the garage door. Lifts it open with one arm and walks out into the night.

Bastard broke the lock on the door.

.

.

-Skies of Brockton Bay, 9:54pm-

.

.

Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV

.

Best part about the hospital? Leaving to go home.

Well, lately it is.

Kitsu normally picking me up as of late. Asks how my day went and makes me feel better about myself. Takes my mind off the monotony and idiocy of most the patients here.

Tonight Vicky's picking me up. She's currently carrying me home. Normally I'd love this. Having her hold me close to her as we fly through the night.

"And now I'm not allowed out of the house unless I get express permission. What kind of bull is that?" Vicky complains.

But she's currently in a mood. And all she can talk about is how annoying Kitsu is. And how she can't be with her precious Dean.

Not in those words. But close enough.

"You did sneak him into the house. Besides, don't you spend enough time with him already?" I spit back. Not really wanting to hear about Dean.

"Never. If you ever start dating and find someone, you'll understand." She says plainly.

'I already have someone. It's just that it'll never happen.' I think sadly.

"Changing the subject. What's Kitsu up to? She's normally the one to pick me up." I inquire.

"Oh, she's having a sleepover with Missy. Apparently they're best friends now." She says, still annoyed.

"What's wrong with that?" I ask.

We're coming up on the house now.

"You'll see." She says ominously as we touch down.

We enter the house to see Mark, Kitsu and Missy at the coffee table while Carol is reclined against Mark on the couch.

Missy and Kitsu are making bracelets with a little kit on the coffee table and a Disney movie is playing on the TV. Princess frog by the looks of it.

"Hi PanPan!" Kitsu says as I walk in.

"Stop calling me that." I say in response.

At this point it's just routine.

"Never~ you could change your name to the Red Queen and I'll still call you my PanPan." She says with a shit eating grin.

And Missy is just giving me a frustrated look. The same she gives Vicky when, Dean is, around.

'Oh. Oh that is fucking priceless!' I think with amusement.

I can't keep the smirk from my face.

"Aww, I knew you liked it!" Kitsu teases.

I ignore her and look to Missy. I cock an eyebrow in question.

"So, finally moved on from your knight in shinning armor?" I say knowingly.

Her eyes widen as she blushes and looks back to the bracelet she's making.

Kitsu just looks to me in confusion before looking to Missy. She scoots over and hugs the blushing girl. She then rubs her head comfortingly.

"It's okay Missy. You might not have Dean. But at least you have me!" She says nuzzling their cheeks together.

I have a feeling she's misinterpreting the core of what's happening here. And it's awesome.

"Well, for what it's worth. I think you'd make a cute couple." I say as I walk past.

"Me and Missy? The cutest!" She says.

Looking back I see the atomic blush and shy smile of said girl. And Kitsu is too nuzzling her to notice.

'Oh this is too good.' I think to myself.

I pull out my phone and snap a picture.

I'm using this as blackmail for when Kitsu figures out what's really going on.

Vicky follows me as I walk through the hall past Kitsus' room. Passing it Kitsu shouts back to me.

"There's leftovers for you in the fridge!" She says.

I don't respond and just keep walking. I'm not hungry. I make it to the hall outside my room when Vicky finally speaks up in a hushed tone.

"See what I mean?" Vicky says.

"Yeah, it's awesome." I say with a smirk.

She gives me a frustrated look.

"What? No, it's annoying. I'm not allowed to say anything because Dad made me swear not do anymore matchmaking. And Mom pulled me aside earlier and said if I interfered she'd ground me longer." She complains.

'With good reason.' I think to myself.

"Vicky, that's because every attempt you've made has ended horribly." I point out.

"But this one is so easy!" She says in a hushed whisper. "All I'd have to do is point out that Missy is crushing on Kitsu and boom! Instant girlfriends!"

I roll my eyes and turn to my door.

"Goodnight Vicks." I say and step through.

'She didn't notice my hair.' I think sadly.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

It's almost ten thirty and Carol is making us go to bed. She still has work in the morning.

Missy is grabbing her sleeping bag from my closet when I get an idea.

"You can take the bed if you want. I don't mind." I offer.

She stops a bit in thought. And takes a breath before looking to me.

"Um, I wouldn't want to kick you out of your bed. It's fine." She says softly.

'I'm not going to make her sleep on the floor.' I think to myself. 'That's just rude.'

"We can just share. The bed's big enough, if you want!" I suggest excitedly.

It's a twin and we're both small.

"Um, I mean. Sure!" She says quickly.

"I'm warning you though, I'm a clingy sleeper. You may wake up cuddled." I warn teasingly.

She blushes a bit and brushes a bit of hair behind her ear before looking to the side.

"That's fine! I, I mean I don't mind or anything." She says awkwardly.

'Now I feel like I'm pressuring her.' I realize.

"If you don't want to. I won't be offended." I say, feeling a little bad.

"No, I'm okay. Really." She reassures.

'Something feels off about this. But I can't quite place what it is.'

"Hmm. Okay! C'mon!" I say and pat the bed.

'I'll figure out what it is later.'

I scoot Mr. Star to the foot of the bed to make room for her to sleep at the head. I was mostly just teasing her about the cuddling thing.

She crawls in with me and faces away from the door. Carol still insists the door stay open. And the hallway light stays on.

Hopping off the bed, I speed over to the hall closet and grab a spare blanket. Coming back I hop on the foot of the bed and cuddle Mr. Star.

"Night Missy!" I say.

"Good night Kitsu."

.

.

-10:54pm-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I can't sleep.

I'm too busy thinking.

'Okay, she likes to dress up. She can cook. She's very affectionate. She thinks I'm cute. She is cute. She can sing, allegedly. I love being around her. She doesn't look down on me due to my age. And I'm pretty sure she might be bi. Unless I'm misinterpreting her answer to the question I made up.' I list off everything I learned.

I still wanna know more! The more I find out, the more I want to discover about her!

'Is this love? I thought I was in love with Dean. But this is just something else. I want to know her. I want her to know me. With Dean, I just want him to pay attention to me and maybe call me pretty. With Kitsu, I just want to be around her. I want her to smile at me, to talk to me, to just be there with me.' I think to myself. 'Maybe? I think. Why can't there just be a book or something on how to figure this out?!'

I sit up and look to the sleeping girl consuming my thoughts.

I'll admit I got a bit more than a little hopeful when Kitsu said she was a cuddler. But now I'm left jealous of a freaking stuffed unicorn dolphin.

'I mean, I could always just, no. No that wouldn't be right.' I think to myself.

I was thinking about moving the stuffed animal and placing myself in its spot.

I crawl over and just content myself to look at her. Her face is covered by her hair. And her ears unconsciously flick towards me as I scoot over.

"I wish I could tell you how I feel." I groan out, ready to vent my feelings. "How you make me just want to scream and cry and, I don't know. Write crappy poems or something. You're just so perfect. So cute and bubbly, and lovable. I wanna hold you and kiss you and, I don't even know! I wanted to be your friend first but I just keep falling apart around you. I'd ask you out if I had the courage."

'Whoo!' I think to myself. 'That felt good say. Was keeping that locked up all night.'

I finish my rant towards the sleeping girl. And reach forward to brush a bit of hair out of her eyes.

"If only you were awake to hear me." I whine.

My heart stops as I see her blushing face, with her one eye not smooshed into the plush looking up at me.

"Um, I am awake." She says with a crack in her voice.

…

…

…

"Huh?"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

This one was kinda predicted byRadChaos.

.

.

-Kyushu evacuation site, 1999-

.

.

Rebecca "Alexandria" Costa-Brown POV

.

So much destruction. An entire island just. Gone.

I let the young, exhausted parahuman down. The man who went toe to toe with leviathan and came out unscathed.

He collapses to the ground. And shakily gets up to his arms. Rising to full height. He stumbles forward.

"You should rest." I say in Japanese.

"No time. Need to find mother. Make sure Ritsu is alright." He says shakily as he stumbles forward.

Desperate and determined. He marches through, his six foot frame towering over the rest of the refugees.

It's a sad sight. In the early morning rays. What would normally be a beautiful day is ruined by the sounds of anguish and uncertainty.

It's times like this that I wish I didn't have a perfect memory.

'No time to dwell.' I think to myself. 'More still needs done.'

I turn and prepare to take off.

"Wait! Please!" I hear behind me.

Normally I'd just take off anyway. But something about the deep voice told me to stop.

Turning back, I see a thin young man. Blonde hair and blue eyed. The only clue to him being Japanese were his eyes.

He rushes up to me. And stops to catch his breath.

"Please. Take me with you." He says.

"Excuse me?" I ask.

"I want to be like you! I want to earn powers and save others! Please! Teach me!" He says with a hopeful desperation.

If only he knew the secret to gaining powers. Right now we're popularizing the belief that anyone can gain powers. They just have to be more. Athletes who push themselves to new heights, artists who unlock a sort of eureka of the soul. Geniuses who broke through humanities mental limits.

'If he didn't trigger already from all that just happened. He doesn't have the capacity.' I think to myself.

"I'm sorry, but I don't have the time." I say genuinely.

"That's fine! Just point me in the right direction! I'll figure it out from there! I'll dedicate my life if need be!" He says.

His body language is telling me he's not exaggerating. He means what he is saying.

'Hmm. Maybe.'

"Why? For what reason would you dedicate your life? This is not a happy profession." I say. Now facing him directly.

"I want to become someone people can look to with hope. I want people to smile and know everything is alright. That everything will be alright. Because I am there." He says with an honesty that baffles me.

"What if you can't be the one to make others feel safe?" I test.

"That's fine! If I can't be the one, I don't care for the fame. I just want others to feel safe. I want to be involved. To make a difference." He resolves.

'Hmm, we still need to flesh out the vial screening process.'

"Alright kid. What's your name?"

He gets a look of realization before smiling brightly.

"Yagi, Toshinori Yagi!" He says.

.

.

-Modern day, Cauldron space-

.

.

"Who would have thought he would survive. His screening showed he'd most certainly die an excruciating death." I say to no one in particular.

In truth he showed no sign of pain at all. Just downed the vial and an hour later, boom.

'If only he wasn't so innocent.' I think to myself.

He's like Keith, he's too good of a person. We can't ever let him in on the truth of all that we really do. Because he would never understand the necessary sacrifices we make.

He'd be a member of the Triumvirate if one of us died. Though he wouldn't accept. He's too busy wearing Doorman out. Jumping all over the world to disaster sites, saving anyone and everyone he can.

That young boy has become a fine man. He's currently ranked the sixth strongest being. The issue is that he's running his Agent out faster than David is. He's a breaker, but he keeps the power on nearly twenty-four seven. The only time he isn't in his "muscle mode" is when he's asleep. And it's taking its toll on him.

He's almost thirty. But when he's out of his breaker form he looks to be pushing his early fifties.

At this rate his power will run out in less than five years.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N if it seems Missy is going a bit fast with her emotions, it's because she is. Remember, she's twelve. I remember when my older sisters were that age and were absolutely in love with their boyfriends. Or Jesse McCartney.

For me it was the Jonas brothers.

.

I grabbed my own yes or no game and shuffled the cards. So all the questions are real questions that I drew out.

Except for Missy's question.

.

Kitsu wasn't picking up on any cues before hand. Because one, she's socially inept, and two, she doesn't know Missy well enough to realize she's acting different around her like she did with Amy, Vicky, and Carol.

And Missy just becoming a shy and awkward mess around Kitsu, the same as she did in canon around Dean.

The big thing here is that Kitsu is a very affectionate person who will take any excuse to nuzzle and hug those she likes. And with Missy starved for affection, keep in mind her home life. It was only after Dean died that she started to close herself off.

.

I had a whole host of ideas for things they would do during the sleep over. From each others make up, to a game of twister where they both got competitive and Missy was warping the mat while Kitsu was using her biokinesis to bend in unreasonable ways.

And a game of this or that.

I drew out of a hat to decide which one's go in.

.

I really tried to find information on Missy's personality before Leviathans attack. And found very little outside of, typical little girl with a crush on an older guy who shows her attention. Is frustrated at the fact that her age keeps her held back despite her power. And uses almost any excuse to be somewhere that isn't her house to the point that after Leviathan, she stopped seeing herself as Missy, and more as Vista.

That and the fact that her mom cheated on her dad with his brother after her dad was diagnosed with cancer. And they used Missy as a tool to fight each other. And her dad even got rid of their two dogs to get at the mom.

Just, all around shitty people. It's no wonder Missy never talks about them in canon.

.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

FOR NEWB

.

FOR KITSU

Dancingleaf: Have you ever attended or been involved in large underground gatherings?

Kitsu: A few times, there's the time I got drugged and put on auction, if you count that. I tried to go to concerts but that always ended badly for me. Other than that? No.

RadChaos897: What pranks would you pull on Vicky or others?

Kitsu: Heee~ I got the glue and glue remover to switch all the labels on her makeup! :D

Other than that, just wait!

RadChaos897: Could you make guns with your power? Or invisible guns? You could claim to be Miss Militias long lost love child!

Kitsu: I could. I'd need to imagine the bullet as well, and honestly at that point I might as well just send a dagger out. But I could. And MM's power comes with perfect memory, and we look absolutely nothing alike. I don't think anyone would fall for it.

If I thought I could get her, or others, to fall for I would absolutely do it.

RadChaos897: Since you can create explosions are you gonna pull a Bakugo and use them to blast across the city?

Kitsu: Probably not. It's more energy intensive than it seems, and it would take a lot of practice. Practice I can't safely do with risking harm to those around me. Not that I care about most people, but Carol and Mark would be upset with me.

RadChaos897: If you could, and if you somehow got Carol to agree: would you modify and train a team of hyper-intelligent fox dogs? The surprise and terror on your enemies faces would be priceless! XD (you get bonus pizza if you can guess the reference I'm making)

Kitsu: Carol would never agree. And I don't think I'd be responsible enough to take care of them. I don't get the reference, but that's okay. This is just a decoy. I'm already eating the pizza.

RadChaos897: If you could nab abilities from other shards, which one would you take?

Kitsu: Well, [Conduit] already modified my development to include a greater capacity for multitasking. That's one of the changes I just wasn't aware of. I just need to train it. But I would steal Bonesaw's medical knowledge. Then Kid Wins knowledge, then Knockoff RoboCop, then Squealers, Then Dragons. And make an army of Autobots to take over the world and kill the Endbringers.

The reign of the fox is nigh! I will make pizza day a national world holiday! And there will be soda in the water fountains at schools! And free dental for all!

.

.

.

As always leave a comment.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt, eevin1 and 321 others
Newb to the game
Apr 7, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 23 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Apr 9, 2024
Add bookmark
#186
A/N
Alt title:
.
In case it wasn't obvious. Kitsu is an unreliable narrator. And I sought to show that with the swapping POV's in the last chapter. Not everything she sees is exactly how it is.
.
Also, two of my friends are filling out CYOA's because they saw this and wanted to see if I could write a story with their personalities in mind.

The reason this is a semi self insert is because Kitsus' personality is based on mine. It's not one to one so it's not a self insert. Small things here and there are influences from me. One of them is her inability to deal with horror. I can be put in a scary situation IRL I've been stabbed and chased in real life and my only concern, after running away, was if it was going to get infected. But even in games like Dead By Daylight I'm a jittering hyperventilating mess.

Her inability to make long term plans is an inverse of mine, I struggle to think on my feet.
There's more, but I can't think of them off the top of my head right now.
.
.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-Friday April 9th, 11:07pm-
.
.
Kitsu POV
.
Why?

My first real girl friend. Wants to be my girlfriend?!

'I thought she was straight!' I yell internally. The idea that she could like like me never occurred to me outside my estrus phase!

Then again during my estrus I saw everyone who wasn't family as a potential-

Not the point!

We're currently just staring at each other. Wide eyed and blushing. As my chest feels hollow at the anxiety. And my face burns at the confession
.
"Uh, I mean. Like. You're just so likeable! And. Cute! And fluffy with your everything. You just. I don't!" She panics and fidgets.

Me?

'Kitsu.EXE has crashed. Please standby for system reboot.'

"You don't underestimate me or treat me different because of my age. You're my age and powerful as well so we can relate and I think we'd get along well. Um, I'll just go! I can sleep on the couch and I'll leave in the morning." She says quickly and I see the door to the hall appear right next to her.

I shoot up and grab her wrist to stop her. She freezes and looks back to me.

And once again we're staring. I'm trying to use my biokinesis to calm myself down. But I'm too overwhelmed to even form a coherent thought. Swallowing the lump in my throat I speak.

"Uh, you. Said you wanted to ask me out?" I ask. "Well, I, I wouldn't say no. If you asked. I think you're cute as well, and I enjoyed our day together. I wouldn't mind getting to know you more."

I'm gonna puke from the way my heart is thudding.

"W, well. I mean. Would you? This feels a little fast. Is this fast? Please stop staring at me, your eyes make it hard to think." She rattles off quickly.

I look away from her and the silence that extends is deafening.

I can hear Amy snoring without needing to focus, it's so quiet.

"Would you?" She finally asks with a crack in her voice.

"Um, yes? We can, see if it works out?" I asks looking back up to her.

I don't particularly feel that way towards her. But I'm not adverse to the idea, and I don't want to hurt her feelings.
She's still for a long second before she gains a massive smile. She catches herself with a cough and tries to subdue the smile. She's failing and it comes out in a blushing awkward and shy grin.

It's adorable and makes me want to tease her.

"Um, so. What now?" I ask awkwardly.

The door slowly starts pulling back to where it normally was.

She blushes and looks away.

"Um, I was hoping that, maybe, we could cuddle? And tomorrow, we could hang out more?" She asks hopefully.

'Okay, that's not too much.' I think with a hopeful anxiety.

In case it isn't obvious. I have no clue what I'm doing and I'm still trying to process what's going on. So, I'm going with the flow because I really don't know what else to do!

"Um, sure." I say and scoot over to the head of the bed and lay down on my side.

She tentatively follows me and lays down in front of me.
We just stare at each other awkwardly for a good minute. Blushing and looking away every other second.

The tension is killing me.

"Pfft." I snort, trying to hold in a laugh. "I, I'm sorry, I laugh when I'm nervous."

"It's fine! I like your laugh. It's cute." She says softly.

I hold in a squeal as I feel my face burn.

Missy doesn't fair better. She openly squeals and pulls me towards her. Holding me tight as she trembles.

"Uh, what's this for?" I ask with a nervous laugh.

"Your tail!" She squeals. "It's just so cute the way your tail swishes when your happy! I love it! I love it so much!" She says and shakes me a little.

'Betrayed by my own fluff. I knew this would happen eventually.'

You know what? Looking back, I really should have seen this sooner. The way she gets quiet around me, how she zones out when I'm around. Hell, I probably should have figured it out after we watched Alien.

"You weren't paying attention to the movie earlier, were you?"

She shakes her head, still holding me close. I go ahead and hold her back and she squeezes me tighter as a result.
I just remembered Amy's comment earlier.

'How many people realized this before me? I'll never live this down.' I realize with a dawning dread.

Missy reaches a hand up and scratches my ears. Unintentionally calming me down and sending me to a world of comfort and bliss.

'This is fine. I'm okay with this. I can figure everything out later.' I think as I slowly drift to sleep.




-7:02am, next day-




Missy "Vista" Biron POV


I wake and try to move, only to find I can't.
Looking around I realize this isn't my room. And I'm locked in place by-

Oh

Oh god.

'It wasn't a dream? OH GOD YES!' I mentally cheer.

"Yesss!" I say in a hushed shriek.

Kitsu is fast asleep, her arms wrapped around me in a tight hug. One of her legs is crossed over my hip and her tail is wrapped across my side and up around my upper back creating a warm blanket for me.

'It's so soft! I'm going to die happy, right here!' I think excitedly.

My arms are wrapped around her in a hug as well and I squeeze her tight.

"Morning." She says and opens her eyes.

'I could get used to waking up to this.' I think happily.

"Were you awake already?" I ask.

She slides her head forward to nuzzle my neck. And I catch that familiar scent of strawberries.

"Yeah~ I just like cuddles. So I stayed. That and you smell nice." She says and takes a deep sniff.

'Kinda weird to mention. But that's okay! Everyone's different.' I think as I blush.

"Alright!" She says and swings over me to straddle my waist. "Let's get breakfast! And we can figure out what we wanna do later, kay?" She asks with an adorable tilt of her head. One ear up and the other tilting with her.

Her tail is doing the thing! God I love the way it swishes when she's happy or excited. And I'm getting lost in those gorgeous eyes staring down at me.

"Um okay." I say unsurely, more than a bit distracted at the way her tail is wagging.

"Great! I'll make pancakes!" She says and hops off. Then with a gust of wind she's gone.

I miss her already.




Kitsu POV


Making pancakes gives me time to think.

I have no idea what to do here. I just became Missy's girlfriend because I didn't have a reason to say no. And I didn't want to hurt her feelings.

I'll admit I'm a bit apprehensive because of how my last date went. But that was different! For one I wasn't in my right mind. For two, Dennis didn't even want to date me to begin with.

Wait.

I pause my mixing of the batter to look to the table where Missy jerks her eyes up. Wide eyed and blushing.

'Was she, was she staring at my butt?' I think with a blush.

Deal with that later.

"Hey Missy, quick question. You're not being forced, coerced, and made to go out with me are you?"

"Uh, no?" She says confused.

I return to the pancakes. Only this time I'm mindful to keep my tail a bit lower.

"Just making sure."

Amy's getting out of the shower now.

'Is this my fault? Did I really change canon that much already? Or is this one of those changes to the world that I'm unaware of?' I think anxiously. 'I'm pretty sure she was straight in canon. She never showed any interest in girls. She had a crush on Dean and had an ex in high school. And she wound up with that one guy who shared a body with his brother. Though that seemed more because she wanted a relationship before she died. What made her attracted to me?! I'm not the most, suitable, partner for a relationship. I'm cute and adorable, but in a little puppy kind of way. Not-'

"Um, Kitsu, how many pancakes are you going to make?" Missy asks, breaking me from my thoughts.

Looking over I realize I've already made a stack of about twenty. And I've been mixing the batter in my arms this whole time while using illusions to make the pancakes.

"Uh, five more?" I say unsurely.




Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV


Carol is in the shower getting ready for work. Meanwhile I'm following the delicious smell of pancakes.
Walking I see Kitsu is finishing putting the various utensils and ingredients away. Missy is at the table, a shy smile and a small blush as she watches Kitsu move. Kitsu seems to not be paying attention as she fills the coffee maker and turns it on.

"I didn't know you drink coffee." Missy says.

"I don't, not really. The coffee is for Mark, he takes it with his medicine. You have your medicine, right?" She says and turns to me standing in the hall.

Missy whips her head around to face me. A look of surprise on her face.

"Oh! Uh, Hi Mr. Dallon. How are you this morning?" She asks politely.

'Mr. Dallon? I haven't been called that since the last time I had to pick up Vicky from the principle's office when she was in seventh grade. Great, now I feel old.'

"I'm alright. How are you two?" I ask in return.

"Hey! Don't change the subject! Meds?" Kitsu shouts.

'I didn't.' I groan internally.

"I'm going, don't get your tail in a twist." I say jokingly.

Walking back through the hall to my room I'm stopped as Amy steps out of hers. In her healer robes.

"Going to the hospital?" I ask.

"Yep." She says curtly.

We walk around each other, and I finally get my meds from the nightstand. Making my way back I stop as Carol steps out of the bathroom in a towel. I walk up and embrace her, pulling her close to me.

We share a chaste kiss and just hold each other for a bit.

"So, who's making food?" She asks softly with a small grin.

"Kitsu. She and Missy are already up and in the kitchen." I answer.

She losses her grin and goes back to her regular scowl.

"Hrmm, you know what's going on there right?" She asks seriously.

"You mean the fact that Missy is clearly fangirling and crushing on Kitsu? Yeah, kinda hard not to." I say.

It really is hard to not notice. Especially with the horror movie and the card game. I've played the game enough times to know that 'Would you kiss someone of the same gender' is not one of the cards. And the movie? It was easy to see that Missy was paying little, if any attention to what was on the TV.

"I don't like it." Carol says.

I mentally blank at that.

"Why?"

"Because, what if she's just some fetishist trying to take advantage of Kitsu? You remember what happened last time between her and Dennis. Then there's the fact that Kitsu clearly doesn't see what's going on." She says seriously.

"Okay yeah, but it's a bit of a false equivalence here. Besides, even if something does happen, she still has us to look after her." I say and kiss her again.

She sighs, relaxes her shoulders and loses her frown.

"Yeah, I guess you're right. Now c'mon." I jolt as she smacks my butt. "Move it, you're blocking the way and I still need to get dressed."

I do as she says and we go our separate ways.

Walking back to the kitchen I see Kitsu and Missy have their seats pushed next to each other and Missy is scratching Kitsus' ears as she nuzzles her shoulder affectionately. There's a plate in front of Missy, but she doesn't seem to have any intention of eating.

'Okay, I see what Carol means now.' I realize.
If this goes on, well, someone's feelings are going to be hurt.

Looking over I see Amy at the counter. Leaning against it as she sips her coffee. Giving a knowing smirk to the two girls.
Walking over I pour my own mug of coffee and use it to down my pill.

"You see this too right?" Amy asks.

"I do, and I'm about to say something." I respond.

She looks to me in confusion.

"Why? It's hilarious."

"Because I don't want either to get hurt from this. Whether it's Missy from being unrequited or Kitsu from losing a friend over it." I say softly.

"I can hear you guys you know~" Kitsu moans out.

Looking over I see that Missy has not stopped. And Kitsu looks about ready to fall asleep.

She reaches up and moves Missy's hand. Only for the girl to pout in disappointment.

"Later, kay?" Kitsu says to her.

"Okay." Missy says.

She then turns to us with a smile.

"What's up?"

'Maybe I should wait for Carol? Or for my meds to kick in at least.'

"Later." I say.

She shrugs and goes back to nuzzling Missy. Who in turn hugs her with a shy smile and blushing face.

'Poor girl.' I think to myself.

Kitsu is a generally affectionate person. So her hugging and nuzzling Missy is nothing out of the usual for her. But I can only imagine the mixed signals it's sending Missy.

"Whelp. Carol's out of the shower and Vicky isn't up yet. So I'll go ahead and get mine in." She says and hops down off the chair.

There's a series of blurs as Kitsu rushes around. One to her room, then to the hall leading to the rest of the house. Then to her room again, then I hear the bathroom door open and shut.

All in about two seconds.

Missy looks sad for a bit before she finally goes to her pancakes.

A few minutes later Carol walks in. Wearing a grey business suit and holding a black brief case and purse.

"Alright. Mark, let's go. Missy, is your mom picking you up or are you staying?" She asks as she walks over to the stove where there's a plate of pancakes.

Missy looks down to her food and shrugs.
"I don't think she's picking me up." She says quietly.

'O-oh. That's, rather telling.' I think sadly.

Carol seems to take a moment to think. Before turning to me and giving me a quick kiss.

"You think you can handle watching them for the day?" She asks.

"Yeah, I can watch two pubescent powerhouses on my own." I say with a laugh.

She gives a small smile and a peck on the lips.

"Alright, let's go." She turns to Amy. "You're in charge till Mark gets back, got it?"

Amy chokes on her sip and has to set her mug down.

"Crm cah, what? What about Vicky? And I'm needed at the hospital." She says, wide eyed and confused.

"Vicky is grounded. And the hospital has your number on speed dial. If they need you, they know how to get ahold of you." Carol says in a tone that leaves no room for argument.
I can tell this is putting her out of her comfort zone. Putting trust in Amy.

"Um, okay." She says tentatively.

"Good. Oh, and your hair looks good. You should keep it like that." She adds before grabbing a pancake and eating it.
Looking to Amy, I see her gain a small smile and look away with a shrug.

'Huh, now that I'm looking, her hair is a bit different.'




Kitsu POV


I finish up drying my tail and brushing it to a perfect shine.
I may have taken extra time on my tail. And added a bit of my normal shampoo to make it smell better.

As I finish up, Vicky walks in and over to the shower.

"Bout time you got up." I say.

"Can it pipsqueak." She says as she turns the shower on.
I'm
"You're just upset you can't spend time with Dean." I prod.

"Yeah! Well at least I can tell when someone has the hots for me!" She shouts back.

'If only you knew. Oh wait, you don't, that's why it's funny.'

"You mean Missy?" I say.

The water shuts off and she pokes her head around the curtain with a speed that Velocity would be jealous of.

"You know?!" Vicky shouts.

I just stand up from the stool and give her a smug look before zooming out.

I rush to my room and throw on my outfit for the day. The Neptunia dress, the one with the mini jacket. Putting on the stockings and d-pad hairclips, I then change my hair and eye color to lavender.

It has nothing to do with the fact Missy likes purple!

Speaking of which.

I look over to the black and purple jacket in my clothes basket. I grab it and stuff it into Missy's bag.
I can always get another.

I step out of my room and listen around for the sounds of the house. Amy is still here, Vicky is still in the shower. And Missy is in the living room talking with Amy.

Focusing in I hear their conversation.

"So why did you ask me? In case you haven't realized. Your level of experience is already ahead of mine." Amy says.

'Huh?'

"Because you're the only other person I know who likes girls." Missy says awkwardly.

"Bull, there's gotta be an LGBT club at your school or something. Ask them." Amy replies.

"I can't." Missy says curtly.

"Why? They don't include furries or some shit?"

'Okay, that's just offensive!'

"My mom said some rather, controversial things in public once. In front of the school." She says slowly.

Damn, didn't know her family was that level of shitty.
At this point I go ahead and make my way to the living room. I turn invisible and stalk around the couch.

Only to notice Missy staring at me again.

'Damnit!'

I go ahead and just walk in front of the TV. And dispel the illusion.

Missy's eyes widen a bit and she gains a small blush, while Amy just cocks an eyebrow up.

"Well? How do I look?" I say and give a twirl.

"I, uh, you. Really uh." Missy says with a massive blush.

'How did I not see this before? It's adorable!' I think to myself at Missy's behavior.

"Like a character out of a Japanese cartoon." Amy says.

"They're called anime!" I shout back, glaring at her as I stomp my foot.

*RRRRrrrrmmmnn*

"Oh, that sounds like Mark!" I say excitedly

"Good, I can get out of here." Amy says and stands up from the couch.

"How are you going to get to the hospital?" I ask. "Vicky is still grounded, I'm spending the day with Missy. And Mark is watching us."

"I have a bus pass." She says offhandedly and goes for the door.

I rush over to the front of door, blocking her path. I then look up to her and activate my master power.

"Can't you stay? I know you know about me and Missy." I say and flick my ears. "I'd appreciate it if you could hang around."

She takes in a deep breath. Sighs. And shakes her head.

"I'm not the best person for relationship advice. And besides that, I'm already in costume and there are people who need my help." She says softly, and looks away from me.

"That's okay, I just want you here. It'd make me feel better." I say genuinely.

She sighs again. Puts her hands to face and groans.

Mark walks up and opens the door just behind me.

"Kitsu, no. I'll see you later and you can tell me all about your day and ask me questions then. But I'm needed at the hospital." She says and pushes past us.

"Amy, sweetie, I can give you a ride if you want." Mark offers.

Already out the door she shouts back.

"I'm good, at this point I'd rather take the bus." She says curtly.

"If you're sure!" He shouts back.

She gives a thumbs up as she turns the corner on the sidewalk.

Mark closes the door and looks to us.

'Well, I tried.' I think to myself as I cut the power off before I forget.

"Alright. What do you girls want to do? We got more games and movies. And a few video games?" Mark suggests.

"Are there more horror movies?" Missy asks excitedly.

Turning to face her with a glare. She blushes and looks away. Though she doesn't lose the small grin on her face.

"No." I say sternly. "No horror."

I'm not doing that again. The Xenomorph was a color away from reminding me of Manniquin. And I was on the verge of crying anytime it was on screen.

"We have a few card games if you're interested?" Mark proposes.

"Do we have Mario Kart?" I suggest.

"We only have Xbox games." Mark informs before snapping his fingers in realization. "Also, before I forget! Kitsu, we're doing a question and answer panel at the mall on Monday at two for charity. We're using it as your debut for New Wave." He says.

I look up to him in confusion.

"When was this decided? And what charity?" I ask. "If it's something I don't agree with then I'm not going."

"It was in the works for about a week. And it's to raise funds for the damages the hospital sustained during the Merchants attack." He answers with a shrug.

"That's rather short notice, isn't it?" Missy adds.

"Apparently Sarah, Lady Photon, decided to try and handle logistics for once. Without telling Carol. And didn't double check the email she sent." He says with a sigh. "She thought she wrote the twenty first. Not the twelfth. Me and Carol only learned about it because Sarah had called during the drive a bit ago apologizing."

He goes over and grabs the remote before sitting down in the recliner.

"Can't that be rescheduled?" I ask. I don't mind going, I'm just curious to how these things work.

"The venue has already been booked. Me, Carol, Vicky, Sarah, Crystal, Eric, and you will be attending." He says as he turns the TV on.

I go ahead and sit on the couch next to Missy, putting a throw pillow behind my back. I then curl my tail around to rest in my lap. Mark puts on SpongeBob and we just watch in peace.

"Does that ever get uncomfortable?" Missy asks.

"Not really, just annoying when the pillow slips." I say with a shrug. I bring my tail up to hold it and enjoy its freshly groomed softness.

Missy squeals as I do so. Looking over to her, she has her hands covering her mouth. Her eyes creased up to show she's smiling.

"What?" I ask.

"I'm sorry. You're just so cute with the way you cuddle your tail!" She says and hugs me.

Blushing and suddenly feeling self conscious, I bring my tail up to hide the lower half of my face.

"Kitsu, can I talk to you?" Mark asks as he gets up. "In the kitchen?"

"Um, sure?" I say confused.

I follow him to the kitchen. He sits down and pulls out a chair next to him for me to sit in.

"Is everything ok? Wait! Don't tell me! You're getting rid of Vicky and replacing her with Crystal. You made a wise choice good sir." I say with a nod of my head.

"Kitsu, please sit." He says and I do as he asks. "We need to talk about your friend Missy."

…

'What?'

"What about her?" I ask.

"I think she might have feelings for you. I just wanted you to know so that, you're not blindsided by anything." He says gently.

'MARK KNEW BEFORE ME?! Who else knew?! Carol? Vergil? Carlos?! The Delgatto lady?!' I think to myself. 'Though, I can have some fun with this.'

"I already know." I say simply.

He seems to relax a little but gains a questioning look.

"You do?" He says.

"Of course! It'd be weird if my friend didn't like me." I say with a roll of my eyes.

He slouches a bit before groaning into his hands.

"No, Kitsu, she might have a-"

*Click*

"Hang on." I say and hold up a finger. "Missy! Vicky is out of the shower! You can get one now!" I shout across the house.

"Okay!"

I hear her walk towards the kitchen and peer her head in from the hall.

"Um, where are the towels?" She asks. "I forgot to bring one."

"In the hall closet across from my room." I say helpfully.
She walks back through the hall and to my room. Then walks back through the kitchen to the bathroom carrying her backpack and a towel. I hop off the chair and walk over to her. Hug her and give a quick peck on the cheek. Same as I did at the mall.

Is it weird that it feels different when I do it now than when I did it at the mall. Like, my chest is all light now. And I wanna do it again. Though, rhat may have just been the hormone cocktail I was under at the time. I will admit, Missy is adorable when she blushes.

"Oh! Uh, I uh. You just um." She stutters before shutting down and speed walking to the bathroom.

I look to Mark who looks surprised and just stick my tongue out at him.

"Okay, I need an explanation." He says.

"She confessed last night and I said I'd go out with her." I say simply.

He sits there for a bit in thought before sighing.

"Okay then. Looks like I need to have a completely different talk with Missy." He says seriously.

"Huh?" I say dumbly.

"The obligatory shovel talk." He says and gets up, popping his back as he does so.

"What?! No! That's only for boyfriends!" I shout in protest.

He's going to scare her off! And embarrass me! I'll lose my first girlfriend before we even get a date!

'Huh, that'd be a new record.' I idly note.

He shakes his head and stretches his arms.

"Nope. It's for fathers to give to those dating their daughters. Just because you're my foster daughter doesn't discount you, and if I didn't just because Missy is a girl? Well that's just sexist." He says with a smirk.

'Stop saying the right things!' I scream at him in my head.

A small part of me wants to yell that he's not my father. But it's drowned out by the part that's happy he considers me a daughter.

"Missy? After you get done I need to talk to you!" Mark says in a sing song voice.

I rush him and hang off his arm. He is much stronger than he looks. That or I'm a lot lighter than I realize.

"NYOOooooo! You can't!"




-The Rig, 10:30am-




Sophia "Shadow Stalker" Hess POV


I can't even tell how long I've been here. A few days at least.

And it's been bullshit!

No TV, no internet, all they gave me are few books. They're not even good ones. Just a few old ones they make you read in school, like The Giver and To Kill A Mockingbird.

As I'm thinking to myself, the door opens to reveal Miss Militia and the nerd.

"Fuck you want dipshit?" I ask.

He sighs, shakes his head and sits down at the table.

"I jus wanna help you Soph! Let me help! Right now I'm told you got two options. Probation with the Wards. Or Juvie. I wanna talk with you and see-"

I stop listening and focus on my nails. This is the third time he's come since I was arrested.

'Fucking, cheap shoting, teleporting brat.' I think angrily.

"Tell you what!" I cut him off and get up from my bed to walk over to the bars. "I'll agree to probation on one condition."

"Uh, I'm not sure that's something I can agree to." He says.

"I know, I'm talking to army bitch behind you." I say.

She stiffens and furrows her brow, likely in agitation at the name.

"Alright, I'll hear it. But I promise nothing." She says, crossing her arms.

"The teleporting brat. I want a rematch. No cheap shots. No surprise attacks. A one on one." I say. "Win or lose, I'll take the probation. That's my condition."

She and Vergil look at me confused.

"Who?" She asks with a tilt of her head.

'Oh, so now they play dumb?'

"The one who caught me." I grit out.

"Kitsu?" Vergil says.

'The fuck kind of name is that?' I think to myself.

"Whatever, she's one of yours right? I want a rematch." I demand.

"Kitsu is a member of New Wave. She's a hero, but not with the PRT." MM says.

"Huh, well that makes more sense then. Knew one of your pansy kids couldn't take me." I shoot at them.

She grumbles a bit under her bandanna. But that's not my fault. Bitch can't handle the truth? Oh well.

"Alright! I'll let Director Piggot know. Then we can arrange a sparring match." She says. "Vergil, lets go. We've spent enough time here."

I watch them walk out and I go back to my bed.

"Hmph, so long as I get my gear back. The bitch won't stand a chance." I say to myself.




-Dallon house, 10:45am-




Missy "Vista" Biron POV


Having dried off, I unzip my backpack to get my clothes.

'Huh?' I think to myself as I see an unfamiliar black bundle at the top.

Taking it out, I feel my heart do little flips as I see it's the jacket Kitsu let me wear yesterday!

'She must have given it to me!' I think excitedly and hold it close and take a small sniff.

It still smells like her!

I throw it on and look in the mirror. And blush as I realize I'm still not wearing anything else. And a bit upset at the few scars on my stomach.

'Maybe Kitsu thinks scars are cool?' I think hopefully.

Taking it off I get dressed in my standard wear of a sundress. This one is blue. I put the jacket over it and return to the mirror.

I looks, okay. A tee and jeans would go better with this. I think. I'm not big into fashion. But Kitsu is! Maybe it's something she can teach me about it? It'd be something we can do together and I'm sure she'd enjoy it.

Satisfied with myself, I grab my bag and walk out of the bathroom.

I walk into the kitchen to see Mark wrestling Kitsu. She's currently on his head, holding one of his arms to his ear.

"You're going to embarrass me!" Kitsu whines.

"That's also a fathers job!" He argues back.

He uses his other arm to snake up and grab her side.

"Kitsu, I will tickle you." He say threateningly.

She freezes in place.

"You wouldn't dare." She says slowly.

He starts tickling her.

"Nyaah nyaaah nyoooooohohoho! Nooooo!" She says and lets go of his arm.

'Oh god her laugh is so adorable, I just can't, I just- AAAH!' I scream internally. 'Could I tickle her? Would she be upset with me? She doesn't seem too upset with Mark tickling her.'

He grabs both her sides and lifts her up to hold her out in front of him as she catches her breath.

"Evil, ha, people like you, ha, belong in the birdcage." She says between pants.

"And stubborn people like you should know when to quit." He says back.

"Never~" She says tiredly.

Her ears twitch, flicking towards me. She then looks in my direction and blushes.

"H, how much did you see?" She asks.

Mark looks over to me as well and smiles.

"Missy! We were just talking about you! Take seat, we need to chat." He says sweetly.

Kitsu turns to me, ears down and tail limp.

"I'm sorry Missy. I tried." Kitsu says in a defeated tone as Mark sets her down.

"Um, I'm, confused." I say, not knowing what's going on.

"That's alright, just take a seat." He says a he sits down.
I do as he says and prepare to use my power to stretch the distance between us and run away. Kitsu walks up, gives me a hug and sniffles a bit.

"I'll miss you." She says in a sad tone.

"What is this about?" I ask, seriously worried at this point.
Mark folds his hands in front of him and looks me dead in the eye.

"So, it has come to my attention that you are now dating Kitsu." He says with a fake smile.

'Oh. That's what this is about.' I realize with dread.

"Well? Is this true?" He asks.

"Um, yes?" I say unsurely.

He loses his fake smile for a much more real frown.

"Yes? You don't sound too serious there." He says and leans back. "Why should I be okay with this if you're not serious about it?"

'Wait, does that make me the boyfriend here?' I wonder. 'Does that apply?'

"Well, I uh. I really like her a lot and wanna be with her!" I say resolutely. Puffing up my chest defiantly and trying not to look away from him.

"That's all well and good. But are you sure you can handle her? She's a serious responsibility." He says as he starts to smirk.

'Huh?'

"What?" Kitsu snaps from beside me.

"I can assure you, she's quite the handful." He says and puts a hand to count the fingers. "What with all the pizza she eats. All headaches she causes. She demands so many head scratches that I can guarantee you'll get carpal tunnel before you're my age. Oh, and if you ever beat her at game she'll claim you cheated."

"That's because you did cheat! How the heck! Does someone land on free parking three times in a row!?" Kitsu accuses. Slamming her hands on the table as she does so. Pushing herself up to lean forward.

"Not to mention she gets very loud." He continues.

"Is this it? You're just roasting me?" She asks incredulously.

"Course I'm not roasting you! With those dandelions you eat? You'd taste terrible." He says with a laugh and leans back.

"That was ONE time!" Kitsu defends.

"No, this is revenge for you playing dumb with me." He says and stands up. "Now who wants Chinese for lunch?"

"No! You do not get to embarrass me and just act like nothing happened!" Kitsu says.

I lean over and scratch her ears. She coos and melts against my hand.

'Her tail is doing the thing again!' I think excitedly.

She leans back off the table and hugs me. Nuzzling into my collar bone as I continue to scratch her ears.

*Ccht*

Looking up I see Mark smiling at us with his phone in hand. He then mutters something under his breath and Kitsus' ears perk back up.

"No!" She shouts and jumps across the table.

She swipes his phone and takes it from him. She looks at it with horror.

"Nooooo." She groans.

"Sorry, already sent." He says with a smirk as he takes it back. "Now scooch, off the table."

I am so confused right now.




-Central Railyard, 12:02pm-




Steve "The Mechanic" Pappagallo POV


*Crash*

"Nothin that won't buff out." I say to myself.

Currently I'm riding in one of my personal vehicles through the few streets on the edge of the rail yard. Driving off a few PRT shitbags who thought they'd set up a foothold here.

*Crash*

I barrel my car through one of their armored cars. They may have some good equipment. But nothing beats a personal touch.

Two left, they're chasing me now.

This baby here I'm riding in didn't even need a whole lot of modifying to the frame and chassis. It's an Oldsmobile 442. Baby could drive though a convenience store and not take a dent.

"Ah, they just don't make'em like they used to." I say as shift the gear and prepare to turn.

Best security for a car? Get manual transmission. Old saying from my gramps.

Course I took it a bit further with this one.

Pressing a button next to the shift. I immediately turn around as my left tires drive forward and my right drive back. Hitting the button again I speed forward.

One of the vans swerve out of the way, while the other tries to call my bluff. The first one was smart.

"Let's test this out." I say and flip a switch on the dash.

There's a soft hum as the hood on the front extends and drops, exposing the secondary hood covering and making a ramp on the front as I drive. Just in time to catch the car coming my way. I quickly turn a nob next to the switch, the result being the hood turns as well. Making a lopsided ramp and flipping the PRT car.

*Crash*

"Ah, ya gotta do better than that!" I shout.

Checking the rearview I see the back doors pop off and a blue and red pair crawl out.

'Assault and Battery.' I realize.

"This oughta be good." I say a flip the car around again.
I recede the ramp and charge forward.

Battery glows and zips to the side, while Assault just crosses his arms and stands firm. He smirks and raise a hand, curling his index finger in a 'come here' motion.

"Alright! Come'n right to ya!" I shout to him.

As I reach him I hit another button on the dash. Overturning my suspension and popping it back. Causing my car to jump up and over him.

Only for the car to flip and barrel to the side. My vision shaking as I gather my barring's and switch the car to idle. The roll cage kept the car in shape.

Though, I am now upside down.

Looking over I see Battery, now not glowing, walk over to my door. As she makes her way over, I grab the gas mask that's kept in the glove compartment. She stills for a moment once she reaches me, then glows and rips the door off.

'Damn bar locks didn't activate.' I think to myself in mild annoyance.

"Morning officer! How can I help you?" I say through the mask.

She takes a sniff and cringes.

"Are you drunk?" She asks incredulously.

Assault walks over and his face cringes in a similar manner.

"Damn, either that or he has an in car bar that's leaking." He quips.

"Ha! I wish I-"

*Crchk*

The bar locks shoot forwards, creating a gate between me and the two capes.

"Oh now you work?" I say in irritation.

"Alright buddy, joy rides over. We're taking you in." Battery says and glows as she rips the bars off and goes to grab me.

I lazily press a green button on the dash. As the exhaust kicks up to high gear, swapping to a separate tank. It spews out a green willowy smoke.

Battery finishes ripping the seat belts and notices the smoke filling the area.

"What is that? What did you do?!" she demands as she yanks me out of the car.

I laugh as the gas fills the area, and headbutt her the moment the glow fades.

"Agh!" I say as gain a bit of a headache.

She stumbles back as Assault catches her. I pull a small black device out of my pocket and hold it up. I press a button on the side and hold it up.

"Back off, dead mans switch. The gas filling the air's a watered down, high grade narcotic, nothin deadly." I drawl out. "But if you try n' rush me, I'll let go and boom! All the gas in its pure form. Strong enough to kill a couple'a elephants. Thank Scarecrow for it." I say with a nod of my head, the adrenaline of facing off against two capes sobering me up.

"Bullshit. You wouldn't dare!" Battery calls. "This is Merchant territory, you'd put your own people at risk!" She shouts, gaining a bit of sway to her stance.

'Any second now.' I think to myself as the gas fills the street.

"Yeah, but there aint no Merchant folk here. You lot saw to that. And if any stuck 'round after all the racket we caused? Well, they get a nice Darwin Award." I say.

She goes to say something, but seemingly forgets what she was about to say. And she stumbles a bit with Assault needing to catch her.

'There it is.'

"Whelp, that's my cue." I say and kick a panel beside my cars seat behind me. Activating the mechanized gyroscopic weight system. Causing the car to rock side to side before rolling itself right-side up.

"Wait! What are, you going?" Assault says slowly.

I walk around and hop back in the drivers seat. Annoyed at the missing door.

"Yep, I'm leaving. My buzz is dead and I'm sure you lot know that this place under our control." I say and shift the gears. "Might wanna head out while you can!" I say over the engine.

I drive off. Taking my hand of the button of the device and, pressing another, I speak into it.

"Note to self, add retractable steel chords to doors to prevent door from being lost. And move gyroscope activator to be more accessible."

If the two were more sober, or given a closer look, they'd realize I was just holding a tape recorder.

Kinda disappointed they didn't call my bluff.




-Medhall General hospital 1:13pm-




Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV


I'm currently being escorted by two officers to a private room in the hospital. One meant to protect the identities of capes when bringing them here is faster than taking them to the Rig.

I'm escorted in and see Battery on the bed in a gown, eyes shut tight, groaning and panting. With Assault next to her holding her hand.

"Okay, what the hell happened?" I ask tiredly.

"Mechanic released some sort of gas from his car. I'm fine but Battery is having a bad reaction to it." He says worriedly.
I go ahead and stand next to her.

"Alright, do I have your permission to perform healing on you? Are you-"

"As her next of kin I give all permission necessary for medical attention." Assault says.

"Cool, now lets see if she can give permission herself." I say and continue. "Are you aware and capable of understanding all that entails and swear not to file suit against me or the hospital for action or inaction I may take to ensure your health?" I ask.

"Huh? Just, stop the spinning. Ethan? Are you there?" She asks, sounding more whiny than sick.

"Still here puppy. Is that enough for you?" He asks with a glare.

I roll my eyes and place a hand on her wrist.

…

"Oh you've gotta be shitting me." I say, partly annoyed and partly amused.

"What? Is she gonna be okay?" Assault asks.

"Real quick. Take off the visor. It's relevant." I say.

He takes a second before doing so, and looking at his eyes I get the confirmation I need.

Bloodshot as all hell.

"Yeah, that's what I thought. So how often do you smoke?" I ask him.

"Uh, never. I don't smoke." He says confused.

I roll my eyes at his clear deflection. Or maybe he's being honest. Doesn't matter.

"Okay, oils, brownies, pinch hitters. None of the above ringing a bell?" I say sarcastically.

His eyes widen in realization and he picks up his helmet to view himself in the visor.

"Fuuuuck. Jamie, puppy, open your eyes for me?" he says and leans over.

"No. If I do I'll puke." She groans out.

"She's high off her ass. The only reason you aren't affected as bad is because you likely have a tolerance built up." I point out. "So, how often?"

It's not medically relevant. I'm just curious at this point.

"Does doctor patient confidentiality still apply? I can get in trouble if the PRT finds out." He says as he looks to me.

"Sure." I say and cross my arms.

"About twice a week. Edibles. Once on my day off, and sometimes after I have to report to Armsmaster at the end of the week." He says.

"He gets so cute when he's high. So cuddly and worried about everything. Just wants someone to hold" Battery says with a smile. "Don't tell the others. It's a secret!" She whispers the last part and laughs before groaning, she then rolls over and pukes onto the floor next to Assault.

"Well, you're fine. Just rest and let it wear off. I got a child with severe strep to get back to." I say as I turn to leave.

"Wait! Isn't there anything you can do?!" He asks.

"Not really, I can't do brains. The best I could do is purge the THC from her fat cells. All that would do is help her pass a drug screening." I say and leave.

'They only came here because I was here. If I wasn't they'd have gone straight to the Rig and found out what was wrong through a basic screening.' I think irritably.

At least that gave me a break from the rest of this place.

'Starting to think I should've taken Kitsu up on her offer. Carol was right. They have me on speed dial. Maybe I can take tomorrow off.' I think tiredly.




-Dallon House, 3pm-




Kitsu POV


Overall, not much is different between today and yesterday. I'm just more aware of Missy's actions and behavior.

Like the fact that she keeps staring at my butt! Or my tail, I haven't figured out which.

It might be both.

We're currently watching the SpongeBob movie. And I'm just here, enjoying the movie. Missy? She keeps fidgeting in place next to me.

'It really isn't that different.' I think to myself. 'Just more cuddles and scratches, which is always a plus! I don't get what I was so nerv-

*Smooch*

My brain shuts off as I feel a pair of soft lips on my cheek. They're gone as soon as they appear. But they were there.

'Kitsu.EXE has stop working. Please standby.'

I slowly look over to the blushing Missy. Her knees are up against her chest and she's using the baggy sleeves of the jacket to hide her lower face.

"Um, I just thought since earlier. When you. On my cheek, that you wouldn't mind." She squeaks out.

I look away from her and stare at my feet.

"I mean, I don't. Just, a little more warning next time?" I say gingerly.

*Ccht*

Looking over to Mark I see him once again with his phone. Smiling at the image he just took.

"And send." He says softly.

My face flares as I see him smirk at me.

"Oh don't mind me. Just keeping Carol updated on what's happening around the house." He says non halantly as he waves his phone.

'[Conduit]? I desire death again. Please?' I beg.

…

'I figured.'





-Law firm, Downtown, 5:02pm-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


Stepping in the car and putting my bags on the floor, I look to Mark.

"Okay, talk. What's up with Kitsu and Missy?" I ask seriously.
He gains that damnable smirk as he starts driving.

"What? The pictures weren't helpful?" He says.

"Mark." I say seriously. "Five pictures with zero context is not enough. Talk."

I have a pretty damn good idea. But if being a lawyer has taught me anything, it's that assumptions tend to be wrong. And circumstantial evidence can only go so far.

"Turns out Missy confessed to Kitsu last night. By accident." He says with a laugh.

"How the hell does that happen?" I ask.

"Missy confessed to Kitsu when she thought she was asleep. Kitsu wasn't" He says jovially.

That honestly sounds like some romcom bs. But sure, I'll believe it for now.

"Okay, did you give them the ground rules?" I ask.

I have nothing against Missy, I just don't trust her. I literally met her yesterday.

His face freezes in a way that tells he didn't.

"Aaaahh, no?" He finally says. "I kinda got lost in the whole, embarrass Kitsu in front of her girlfriend role, so I may have forgot."

I roll my eyes before suddenly remembering something.

"Wait, where are they? They're not home alone are they?" I ask seriously.

"BOO!"

Snapping around, I see Missy and Kitsu in the back seat. Kitsu in the middle, backpack on. And Missy next to her taking the window seat. Kitsu must have made her and Missy invisible because I swear they were not there before.
Kitsu is grinning widely as her tail tries to wag. And Missy is busy blushing and looking out the window, trying not to look at me.

"Gotcha!" Kitsu says excitedly.

"In my defense, she decided to do that the moment we pulled up." Mark says.

I glare at him before turning to the little gremlin.

"No. Next time you try something like that? You'll be grounded the same as Vicky is right now." I say sternly.
Her ears fall flat as her tail curls around her front.

"I'm sorry." She says quietly.

"Just don't do that again." I say turn my attention forward again. "Though, seeing that you're here. I get to set the ground rules for when you have your girlfriend over." I say with an evil smirk.

Kitsus' ears perm at that and she gains a small blush.

"Um, can we not? At least not with Missy here?" She asks shyly.

"Consider your embarrassment revenge for all the headaches you cause me." I say sternly.

In truth? I just enjoy embarrassing her. What parent doesn't enjoy embarrassing their kids? Even if they're not technically theirs.

"Rule one, when Missy is over your door stays open. Got it? At all times. The only exception is when one of you is in there and the other isn't." I start. "Rule two, no hanky-panky till you're at least seventeen. End of story. If you do? Pray I don't catch you."

"MOM!" Kitsu shouts and that gives me pause.

Looking in the rearview I see her stare at me with a mortified look. Before going wide eyed in realization and blushing. Ears down she looks away and holds her tail close.

"I, um, I didn't mean to-" She starts

"It's fine." I cut her off. "We can finish the rest later."

Poor Missy just looks confused and uncomfortable.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus




Cletus "Carnage" Kassidy POV


Humming the tune to Sweet Caroline as I make my way through the warehouse. Several of these common guys run as I walk by. A few of the more strung out ones don't. And I mentally play a game of eeny meeny mieny mo with them.
I reach toe as I walked past a guy smoking a joint. A quick swish of a tendril and I hear his head fall to the floor as I walk past. His body sliding down the crate he was leaning against.

"If he hollers let him go." I say as I walk past.

I reach the office of the warehouse. Well, the scaffolding that is. I'm still fifteen feet under a window. But that's of little matter to me.

I jump up and form claws to dig into the metal of the rooms outer walls. Opening the window I peer in and see the whole gang. The important ones that is.

Permafrost is sweating at the table next to Scarecrow, no doubt suffering withdraw, she's in her tattered and stained winter coat. Three seats from her on the other side is The Mechanic, feet kicked up and downing a bottle, he's in a stained wifebeater, brown leather jacket and jeans. Snowflame is directly across from them in a red undershirt, a white domino mask and tight red pants. The head honcho himself is there at the head. Wearing a beige, stitched trench coat with a pointed hat over his ww2 German gas mask, modified to have two filters. The lenses obscuring his eyes.

And of course Mush is there closest to me.

"Well~ looks like we got the whole gang eh? So what's tha plan hmm? We gonna pose for an album cover?" I say with a grin from my position in the window.

"Couldna used tha fuckin door?" Steve slurs.

"Mechanic, please. Carnage, why don't you take a seat? We have much to discuss." The raspy voice of the leader says.

I shrug and hop down. Avoiding Mush as he picks his nose.
I take a seat next to Steve.

"Fuckin course." He mutters to himself.

"Good, now that we're all here. Let's recap. Mush has kept the boat graveyard secure. Snowflame has taken over our drug chain in my absence as I stepped up after Skidmarks, unfortunate death at the hands of Kitsu. And Mechanic has kept our territory secure, modifying cars and even charging into fights himself when capes show up. Permafrost has kept the men in line and Carnage has been busy taking out key members of opposition. It is safe to say our hold on our territory is secured." He finishes.

I don't really care. I'm just here because he told me he'd have something good for me.

"Now, it's time to expand. We need to show the city that we are a force in this city. Not just a collective of junkies and hobos." He says and stands up.

"I propose a triple sided operation. One team will act as a distraction, while the other takes a certain objective. And the third part is taking out a member of the opposition. Carnage, I promised you something good. And I know you like a challenge. Your target, is Manpower. Think you can handle it?" He says and pulls out a photo from his pocket.
'Ooooo~ a cape!'

"Joey." I say as I take the picture and shift fully to my blood suit. "You KnOw JuST hoW to MaKE Me feEL aPPrecIaTeD."
.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N
One of the reasons Carol distrusts Amy so much is because she looks like her father, so she would notice and like changes to Amy's appearance.
.
Batteries bad trip with Narcotics is based on a bad trip with weed I had a few months ago. My sister gave me some weed from Colorado and a pinch hitter, she warned me it was strong and to take it slow.
I didn't listen.
I was writhing in my bed unable to open my eyes. It was like. "Go outside, hold onto the grass and stare at the moon because it's the only thing that aint spinning!"
I threw up twice.
.
QUESTIONS!
.
FOR NEWB
.
Akiralator: Does Kitsu have a Manton Limit with her illusions?

Newb: No, she does not. It's how she killed Bitch in one of Coils's timelines. Kitsu just popped a thin wall right in the middle of her and her dogs and then dispelled it immediately. If it was an invisible blade or dagger, there would still be some indication that something sliced through in a direction.

Akiraltor: Do you take story ideas for any future story's Because if, I would like to recommend: .I don't want this kind of hero.

Newb: I'll have to check it out if I remember. My short term memory is shit.
.
FOR KITSU
.
Akiralator: You gain the power to transform into Kurama with all his powers and abilities, what would you do?

Kitsu: Nothing. I would never use it, I don't need to give the PRT ammunition against me and The Fallen? Not dealing with those zealots. I have no doubt that if ended up an Endbringer sized monster with Endbringer like powers that there would be a sect dedicated to me

Though being worshiped does sound rather nice.
.
Akiralator: What would you do if pizza nev-

Kitsu: NO! Don't you DARE, finish that sentence!
.
Akiralator: What do you think of cats?

Kitsu: Meh, I got nothing against them. Foxes are just a combination of dog hardware and cat software. Though I will say we do it better.

Oh god I just thought of cat girl Missy! -*_*-
.
Akiralator: Favorite flavor of ice cream? Mine's citrus.

Kitsu: Neapolitan, and that's a flavor?
.
RadChaos897: Would you give yourself more fox tail? Nine specifically, through biokinesis or illusions. I'm sure Missy would appreciate it.

Kitsu: No. Do you know how much WORK my tail is? Don't get me wrong, I love it and take pride in its appearance and texture. But it takes me the better half of an hour to groom just ONE! I would maybe do two or three tails. MAYBE.
But, if it's for Missy, I'unno. Maybe for her birthday?
.
RadChaos897: Can you absorb other forms of energy? Like Radiation, Gravitational, ect. You could clear up Chernobyl for energy and hero points eh?

Kitsu: I can absorb ALL forms of energy that are above a certain strength. Gravitational is the only exception. And It's one of the reasons the PRT want my fluffy tail so bad. That fight with Behemoth was the only time the area wasn't left

NEWB: and Chernobyl isn't a thing here. It was activated but it never went critical. Something to do with a difference in the manufacturers of the cooling rods or something. It was shut down in the late nineties after concerns of what would happen if Behemoth rocked up and wrecked the place.

.
RadChaos897: What is love?~

Kitsu: Baby don't hurt me~ Don't hurt me~ No mo~


Link to the discord server: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro
​
Last edited: Apr 9, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt, JetTheKnight and 270 others
Newb to the game
Apr 9, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 24 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Apr 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#201
A/N Q&A
Alt title: PLOT TWIST!
.
Insert evil laughter here
.
National cheeseburger day! Sept 18. Get to mcdonalds and get cheeseburgers for 50 cents!
That's not a joke.
.
RadChaos897: You are going to love this chapter.
Steve is actually a character I came up with on my own. He's a Mad Max reference, specifically from the second movie. In the movie there's a character called The Mechanic, and he's a member of the Pappagallo tribe. His name isn't given, but he's played by Steve J. Spears. And while he can't build anything on his own. He can upgrade just about anything to make it more robust and versatile. He just does best with cars. Squealer was the only one capable of operating her vehicles, whereas anyone can learn how to drive a car Steve has worked on. That's what makes him such an asset. He just drives them better.
And the reason Scarecrow sent Cletus after Manpower is because he was the leader of the Brockton Bay Brigade before it became New Wave. And his targets are those he feels responsible for his fathers death. New Wave is a secondary target, they can be dealt with after the members of the Brigade are gone.


.
.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-Arcadia High, Chem class-
.
.
Cristopher "Kid Win" POV
.
'Okay, just ask her what she wants, and go from there.' I think to myself.

She's reworking the sheet again. Going at absolutely insane speeds to rewrite every problem.

I already know not to interrupt her when this happens. She gets rather, grumpy, when you break her concentration.

"Okay, circle problem." She says as she hands me the sheet.

"Quick question." I say. Stopping her before she does the focus thing again to finish her own paper. "How certain are you that you know my specialty?" I ask softly.

"About, ninety percent. Finally considered my offer?" She says.

'That's not going to be enough for Armsmaster.' I think in frustration.

"How? What makes you so sure?" I ask.
She stares blankly for a few seconds before answering.

"You do guns well. The people say that might be your specialty but you don't believe that." She says. "You're only able to do guns because they're simple, and you can even make guns with alternating functions."

'Okay, that was scary.' I think to myself. 'That, will be enough.'

"Okay, you've convinced me. What do you want? Keep in mind I refuse to make anything lethal." I say seriously.

"Wunderbar!" She says. "You know how I have sensitive ears?" She says, wiggling said ears for emphasis.

"Yes?"

"I want a device, or devices, to act as a synthesizer to adjust sound as it reaches my ears. So that I can listen to music and not get headaches anytime I hear a dog whistle." She finishes.

"So, you want reverse hearing aids?" I ask.

"A lot more nuanced than that. But yes." She confirms.

'Okay, if I work with Armsmaster, and maybe Dragon, I can make that.

"Circle problem!" She shouts at me.

"Okay! I'm doing it!"




-Monday April 12th, Brockton Bay Mall, 1:47pm-




Kitsu POV


I'm here backstage in one of the Malls theatre rooms with Carol and Vicky. We're all in costume and there are a few attendants here doing their makeup and hair.

I refused after I overheard one of them ask if the makeup can be used on animals. I got offended and made sure everyone knew why.

It was only one assistant out of the twenty or so. But fuck'em.

The assistants finish up on Carol and Vicky and we finally get up and head to the edge of stage left. Carol holds my hand the whole time to make sure I don't get lost. And because the noise of everyone in the theatre is putting me on edge.

"Okay." Carol says as she crouches down to meet me at eye level. "How this is going to go, is we are going out there and taking our seats. You will stay back here, once the questions start, there's a prompter in the crowd who'll ask about recruitment and that's when you'll get your cue. Got it?" She explains.

"Got it." I say with a nod.

"Then repeat it back to me."

"Stay here, wait for the questions. A guy will ask about recruitment. That's when I make my appearance." I list off for her.

"Good girl." She says and scratches my ears. "Your seat will be in-between mine and Marks; we'll move apart and make room for you. And yes, I made sure the chair is open back." She says as she stops.

"And coming on stage now, we have three of the Dallons, Brandish, Flashbang, and Glory Girl! Give a round of applause!" The announcer says.

I flinch as the crowd hypes up.

"That's our cue. Behave." She says and walks out with the others.

Mark gives me a quick scratch before he heads out with them. They walk out and take their seats on the left.

After the applause stops the announcer goes to speak again.

"Alright, and now! The main branch! We have three of the Pelhams! Shielder, Laserdream, and Lady Photon herself!"

As he says that, Eric, Crystal, and Sarah all enter from stage right and take their seats on the left.

The next few minutes are followed by the announcer giving a standard introduction sequence, saying what the fundraiser was for, mourning the losses at the hospital ect. Followed by mentioning an autograph signing and photo op at the end for five dollars an autograph, five for a photo. All proceeds will go to the hospital and the families of those injured or killed in the attack. Yada yada. Blah blah blah.

Sarah stood up and gave a speech that I can almost guarantee was written by someone else. Vicky gave a few words on the matter. After about half an hour of speeches we finally get to the audience question and answer segment.

"Now, please form a nice, orderly line and we can start! Please remain respectful or you will be escorted out." Announcer man says.

Turning invisible, I peer out to see a decent line of about fifteen or so people.

I expected more.

The first to up to cue is a younger Caucasian lady with brown.

"I have a question for Shielder, why do you wear a visor when the rest of New Wave show their face?" She asks.

Eric leans forward and speaks.

"To keep dust and insects out of my eyes when I fly." He says simply.

Crystal leans forward to the mic after and interjects.

"He thinks it looks cool." She says and shoots him a smirk.

Eric just looks to pretend as though he didn't hear her.

The next up is an older guy with a receding hairline.

"This one is for the parents. What is it like looking after cape children? Is it any different from looking after normal children?" He asks.

Carol seems to take this one.

"It depends heavily on the individual in question. The powers they have and their own personality affect how you have to handle them. For example. You can't really spank a child with invulnerability, and you can't give a child with super speed more chores as punishment. Aside from that? Trial and error for the most part." She says. You can tell she's used to speaking to a group by the even tone she adopts.

And I feel that answer was a little targeted towards me.

The next up is a young adult man with a cap on.

"This one is for the older generation. Are there any plans for recruitment? So far New Wave seems to be a family exclusive team." He says.

Mark takes this one.

"Funny you should say that. We actually do have a new recruit." He says brightly and waved a hand to where I'm supposed to be.

I get a mischievous idea and keep my invisibility on. Walking over to where Mark and Carol are seated, I crouch below the line of the table.

"I said, we have a new recruit." He repeats.

I drop the invisibility and poke my ears above the table. I immediately hear people muttering and pointing me out. I go ahead and poke my eyes up and peer out at the crowd. Multiple people are now actively pointing at me and making a commotion.
I feel a pair of hands grab my sides and hoist me up. Looking over I see that Carol is giving me an unimpressed look.

"Honey can you gooo-okay." Mark says as he turns to Carol.

I stick out my tongue at Carol, intent on coming off as a lovable, cheeky little troublemaker as best I can.
She glares a bit before rolling her eyes and setting me back down. She waves a hand behind her and a stage attendant wordlessly comes out and places a chair down for me. I scoot it up sit down. Mark slides his mic over to me.

"Go ahead and introduce yourself." He says with a smile.

"Hi! I-" I stop as I realize the mic isn't working. Much to the amusement of the crowd.

"Hold down the button on the side." He says helpfully.

Doing so I start over.

"Hi! I'm Kitsu!" I say cheerfully.

I see that a few more people had gotten up and joined the line. Mostly girls oddly enough.

The guy in the cap had already sat down and the next individual steps up. A young boy with blonde hair.

"Um, I was going to ask Shielder a question but now I have a new one. Is Kitsu your cape name, or your actual name?" He asks.

I see Eric throw his arms up in mock offence at me stealing his question.

"Yes." I say simply.

The boy shrugs and moves out of line. Only to go to the end and stand.

'Guess he still wants that question from Eric.'

The next is an African American guy. Young adult, shaved head and a powerful build. A strong jaw and striking eyes. Not gonna lie, he's kinda hot.

"My question is for the older gen as well. How do you manage to balance work life, cape life, and family life?" He asks.

Sarah takes this one as she leans forward and speaks into the mic.

"It's not easy, my day job is that of an accountant, and my husband works at a construction company doing hard labor. Patrols are done in pairs between us, and that can double as family time. I will say, when it comes to juggling all three aspects I would say it's much easier for us than others seeing as we don't have to worry about secret identities." She says and leans back, before leaning forward and adding. "Unless you're name is Mark Dallon. Then you don't have to worry about balancing a work life."

I snap my head to the side, ready to defend him when he holds up a hand to stop me. He then turns to our shared mic and continues.

"What can I say. I got the literal jackpot in life. A hot loving wife who brings in the cash, three beautiful daughters." He says and reaches a hand over to ruffle my hair. "And all I gotta do is keep the house clean and buy the groceries. And drive Carol to and from work."

That gets a round of aww's from the crowd along with a few chuckles.

I still level a glare at Sarah.

Mark reached over and scratches my ears. Calming me down and making me lean into him as I scoot my chair right up to his. Squishing us together.

That gets an even stronger round of aww's from the crowd.

The next guy walks up and asks his question.

"Glory Girl. What's it like keeping the secret identity of your boyfriend while not having one of your own?"

…

We all look over to see Vicky is not paying attention. And is actually on her phone, which she is hiding under the table.

Noticing the silence, she looks up and around, wide eyed as she realizes everyone's attention is on her.

"Uh, what was the question?" She asks.

"What's it like keeping the secret identity of your boyfriend." I say for the guy.

She takes a moment before answering.

"It can be annoying at times. But honestly? You'd be surprised how easy it is go unnoticed out of costume, so it doesn't really effect us as much as you'd think it would." She says.

'Lucky.' I think bitterly.

Carol holds her hand out under the table toward Vicky.

"Phone, now."

Vicky rolls her eyes and hands it over with a huff.

"You get it back at the end." Carol says.

"I have a question for Kitsu. Do you have normal ears under your hair, or do you just have the fox ears?" A girls voice asks.

Turning back to the crowd I see the thin teen girl with glasses and dark curly hair.

I turn my head to the side and lift my hair up to show that I don't have normal ears. Just the fox ones.

"Just the one pair up top!" I say with mirth.

She goes and sits back down.

"Huh, didn't know Alan was going to be here." Carol says beside me.

'Huh?'

"Who?" I ask, looking to Carol questioningly.

"Alan, he's a coworker and friend. He's over there with his daughter. She's next to the girl that just sat down." She says and nods her head in their direction.

Looking over to them. Is see a curvy red-head next to the girl who had just sat down. They're talking and giggling to each other. Next to the red-headed girl is a more portly redheaded man who gives a wave that Carol returns.

'Wait, Alan as in Alan Barnes. That would make the girl Emma, and based on looks, that makes the other girl Taylor.' I realize.

With it currently being two thousand and ten I realize one major thing. And it fills me with a dread like no other.

Canon is fucked, and I can no longer rely on Khepri when Scion goes murder hobo.

"I have one for Kitsu. What made you join New Wave?" Another girls voice asks.

Looking over I see a young adult girl with brown hair and fair skin. I'm running through every known character in my head now. Wondering if there are other canon characters here.

"It kinda just happened. The Dallons offered to take me off the streets and give me a warm bed with a roof over my head. And I joined New Wave not long after. Figuring that since I was already there." I say and give a shrug.

"I mean what made you join New Wave over the PRT? Haven't the PRT West been trying to recruit you for almost three years?" She clarifies.

"Because Mark was the first one to ask me how I was doing and offered me a family first, employment second. The PRT were only ever interested in my power, not my wellbeing or feelings." I say seriously.

"Try not to bad mouth the PRT Kitsu. We don't need any soured relations with them." Carol whispers under her breath.

I say nothing and just keep my eyes forward. Trying not to focus on my current existential crisis of having canon fucked sideways.

Next up is a small boy.

"Shielder, when is your next livestream?" He asks.

'He streams? That's a thing here?' I question to myself before remembering Uber and Leet are a thing.

"I'm taking a break from livestreaming to prepare for finals. Sorry. But don't worry! I'll pick back up in June!" He says with a smile.

Next is an Asian girl.

"Kitsu, about two months ago you outed Panacea for being a lesbian. What do you have to say to that and why are you so against the LGBT community?" She says with a small smirk.

'Great, a troll.'

Carol goes to say something but I stop her and speak for myself.

"Honestly? I was just getting annoyed at the back and forth that was going on. So I said the best thing I could think of to create a distraction and get away. Am I proud of it? No. Am I against the LGBT? No. I'm apart of it. I'm Bi." I answer simply.

She looks unimpressed with my answer, but goes to sit down none the less.

The next is a guy with messy blonde hair.

"I've got a question for the Dallon parents. What's it like, raising a case 53?" He asks.

I'd be offended, but it comes off as though he's genuinely curious.

Mark takes this one.

"Honestly? Not that different from a normal kid. Just have to keep any special needs in mind. Like the fact that Kitsu needs her clothes tailor made because of her tail." He says and looks down to me with smile.

I go ahead and nuzzle his arm. And that gets another round of aww's.

It continued like that. Mark and Carol got more questions on raising kids with powers. Crystal got questions on where she's going to college while Eric got a few more in regards to his livestreams. Vicky got a few on what it's like being a cape. And Sarah got questions on what direction New Wave will take.
She gave a vague multifaceted answer that I recognized as public speaking BS.

The rest of the questioning was uneventful.




The question event is now over and now is the signing. We all have our own tables. I'm slightly annoyed because someone thought it'd be funny to set me up at a kids table. With a kids chair.

There's a sign next to my table that reads

(ABSOLUTELY NO FLASH PHOTOGRAPHY)

So that's nice.

Carol and Sarah have a few of the older people, mostly parent types. A few teens here and there. Mark has a surprisingly long line of young adult women, much to Carols ire and Vicky's disgust.

Eric has a line of tweens. Boys and girls in equal measure. Crystal and Vicky have lines consisting of more guys than girls. A little boy had actually walked up to Vicky and offered to be her boyfriend the next time she broke up with Gallant. He was maybe six.

And I actually have a line of people who want my autograph. Mostly teenage and little girls.

I'm actually doing this thing where I have a notebook for people to sign. Every person who gets an autograph, gives me an autograph. The kids really like it.

As I'm signing the notebook of a seven year old Samantha. My phone buzzes.

After I hand her the notebook back. And she hands me mine. I go ahead and check my messages.

(What time r u done? I'm on patrol and near the mall)-Missy

We agreed that since my status as a Case 53 would make dating in secret impossible. That I would be dating Vista and not Missy. Since unlike Vicky, who can use makeup to change how she looks enough to avoid recognition, I'm too noticeable to really do that reliably. All it would take is my stranger power failing once, and Missy is in danger.

(Dunno, still signing. Y don't u drop by? ;) )-Kitsu

I'm just teasing her. We still haven't really made our relationship public.

…

I put the phone down as another kid comes up. A brown haired boy with green eyes. He seems familiar.

He hands me a little card to sign. One that has a sumo wrestler on it.

"Is everything okay?" He asks.

"You seem familiar, have we met?" I ask.

His face immediately brightens.

"Yeah! You brought me out of a coma at the hospital! I've been wanting to meet you for a while now!" He says excitedly. His eyes gaining a brighter shine.

Not gonna lie, I'm loving the hero worship energy he's giving off.

"Oh, well then. What's your name?" I ask.

"Ben! Ben Tennyson!"

I blank for a second.

"Full name Benjamin Kirby Tennyson?" I ask.

"Uh, yeah. How'd you know?" He says confused.

"Thinker power." I say curtly and sign the card.
I hand him my notebook and notice the watch. The classic Omnitrix.

'So he's a Tinker.' I think to myself.

He hands me the notebook back after signing it and I hand him his card.

"Alright, I can't wait to what you'll do in the future." I say gingerly.

"Just wait. Soon everyone will know about me!" He says confidently.

"Just an idle thought, you might want to add a failsafe to your watch. One that auto switches you to a form that'll save your life if something happens." I say.

He goes blank for a second. Similar to Chris when he daydreams.

"That's a good idea. I gotta go!" He says and rushes off.

Right after him, is Emma and Taylor. Giggling and bumping into each other. I have to say. I expected Taylor to be some, wide lipped, protruding eared girl who was a treated unkindly by puberty.

She looks average. She's pretty, but nothing special. I can only assume that the way she described herself must've come from some self esteem issues.

"Oh my gosh! You are soooo cute!" Emma says. "Can I pet your ears?" She asks excitedly.

"Sorry, but that's reserved for family and friends." I say.

"My dad works with your mom. That techn-"

"No." I reaffirm.

"Emma, she clearly isn't comfortable with it." Taylor says. Nudging her friend.

"Noooo, she said it was only for family and friends." She says cheekily. "So, how about it? Wanna be friends?" She asks with a winning smile and a flutter of her eyelashes.

I give her my own winning smile and a flutter of my eyes.

"Nope. I can offer a handshake though." I say and hold out my hand.

She takes it and I look in.

No corona pollentia.

I hold my hand to Taylor who shakes it as well. And there it is. The corona pollentia. Confirming that she's an untriggered parahuman.

"Okay, what do you want signed?"

The rest went normally until.




-Brockton Bay, Downtown, 4pm-




Dean "Gallant" Stansfield POV


It's a quiet day today, all things considered. And I haven't had a fight with Vicky in almost a month!
It's honestly left me anxious. Going so long with nothing bad happening to me. Other than Vicky's mom catching me literally with my pants down. Like it's all just collecting and waiting to drop all at once.
Which leads to now. It's all culminated to this patrol. I wound up partnered with Missy. Who has a massive crush on me. That must what it was all leading to.

Worst part? Today, it's worse. She just been radiating affection, happiness, and small amounts of lust.

She's currently on her phone as we take our break outside a coffee shop. And I see her affection spike and she gains a tint of nervousness to her aura.

"Hey Gallant. Think we can patrol the mall?" She asks nervously.

'That's what it is.' I realize. 'She probably thinks this can act a pseudo date between us. And she's getting nervous over my answer.'

Truthfully? I have a hard time saying no to her. She's just so innocent and I hate disappointing or upsetting people.

"Sure, we can swing by a few stores and see what's around." I say gently.

Her nervousness fades, and her happiness spikes.

"Can I lead? Please?" She practically begs.

"Sure, you can take the lead." I say and ruffle her hair.

She just gains another spike of happiness and a slight spike of anxiety and agitation. Which concerns me a bit. Normally she gets a mix of affection and irritation when I do that.

"Hey Vista, are you alright?" I ask.

The agitation is gone, but the anxiety and happiness stay.

"Yeah, why wouldn't I be?" She says happily as we walk to the mall. Missy using her power to make a ten minute walk take only one.

We make it to the mall and Missy marches along a set path. Seemingly having a destination in mind already. Dodging the crowds we make our way to, a New Wave charity event?

'Vicky did mention something about this at school.' I think to myself.

Missy makes her way inside and I wordlessly follow. Only to watch as she gets in line to get an autograph from Kitsu. Her excitement rising with small spikes of anxiety.

As we walk through the line, Vicky having noticed me and giving me a wink. I just wave back and she gives a 'call me' motion. To which I return a kissing motion. She rolls her eyes and stifles a laugh in a way I wish I was close enough to hear.

We make it Kitsu. Who is using a child's table for some reason. Not that she doesn't fit, just that I find it hard to fathom why she chose to sit there.

"MI-VISTA! W-what are doing here?!" She says as her eyes go wide, ears flat and tail starting twitch.

She's giving off sudden spikes of affection and nervousness. That leaves me, confused.

"What? I can't visit my girlfriend when she works?" Missy says playfully.

…

"It's not that, just. I wasn't expecting you is all." Kitsu says. Blushing and mumbling the last part out.

…

"Oh you are just so cute when you blush!" Missy squeals and Kitsu gains a massive spike of affection and embarrassment. Her tail wagging behind her like crazy. "Besides, you did kind of invite me over text.

…

"W-well, you're here for the signing, is there anything you want signed?" Kitsu stutters out. Fidgeting with her hands as she looks down and away from Missy.

'Huh?'

I'm sorry, my brain shut off for a bit there.

"Nope, though maybe~" Missy says mischievously with a spike of anxiety to her aura.

She leans down across the table and plants a kiss on Kitsus's cheek. Causing said girls aura to shut off for a second before exploding in nervousness, embarrassment, and happiness. Her face lighting up to match her aura.

"Well?" Missy says with a false bravado as she leans over, placing a finger to her cheek. Her aura giving away her extreme embarrassment and anxiety.

Kitsu fidgets in place before leaning up and placing a chaste kiss on Missy's cheek.

Missy's face blooms as deep a red as Kitsu's. And her aura is Spiking lust, affection, and happiness at the action.

"S-so um, are you free after this? I have patrol until six. We can spend some time together and maybe relax at the Rig later?" Missy asks awkwardly. Her nervousness now clear for all to see.

Especially those taking photos.

"I, uh, I'll have to ask Carol if I can. But sure. I'll text you if I can." Kitsu stutters out softly.

'Wait, does this mean that Missy is over me?' I question myself.

"Vista, we're holding up the line. We gotta go." I say to her.

Agitation, disappointment, sadness. Not a hint of happiness when I spoke to her. She's over me alright.

'Finally!' I think with relief. 'Months of tiptoeing and awkwardness, ended! And I didn't have to break her heart. She moved on!'

Maybe I'm finally being rewarded for all my patience and hard work.




-Mechanics workshop 4pm-




Steve "The Mechanic" Pappagallo POV


"And you press this to set off the outside flames. Burns up yer gas but, scare the shit outta anyone thinkin' they can play hero." I tell the guy.

He presses the button and I whack him upside the head.

"Ow! Bro! What the hell?"

"One! Not in my workshop. Two! It uses gas! Damn things off!" I yell at the dumbass.

I push off the door and go over to the next guy in a car.

These fucks ain't gonna survive. For one, half these things are rush jobs. Throwaways and shitty tupperware cars that ain't even got roll cages. Just some spikes and fancy shit for intimidation. For another, they can't stay sober long enough. But that's fine.

They're just the distractions.

Making It to the other guy, I lean down and knock on the window. He's in a beetle of all things.

He rolls down the window and I'm immediately hit with the smell of skunk.

"Damnit!" I cringe at the smell before sighing. "Ah, fuck it ta hell. I ain't got no room to judge. You can drive?"

"Yeah man. Just a car like any other." He says. Sounding surprisingly sober.

"Good." I say and move to the next.

That one didn't have anything too special. It's just more durable than it has any right to be. And hell. If he survives and gets away. He can keep it.

"Mechanic." I hear the raspy voice of Scarecrow.

Turning to the door of my workshop, I see him in all his demented splendor. Looking like the product of the unholy union between a spirit Halloween scarecrow a world war one German gas trooper.

And the mother was drinking all the way to term.

"Scarecrow, you got the gas?" I ask.

"Five canisters of narcotics and three of stimulants. Just as ordered. I don't see why you won't use stronger or more, interesting gases." He says and motions for a few guys behind him to carry the canisters. "But I won't complain too much. Results are results."

"Right, speak'n of. You sure this the best we got? Hell, one of'em don't even know how'ta parallel park." I ask.

"All they need to do, is play a high speed game of follow the leader. Shouldn't be hard." He says.

"Yeah, I guess. Still, I'd hate to see this work go to waste." I grumble out.

I'm starting to feel a little sick.

Damn, when was the last time I had a drink? Could use one about now.

"You have mine ready?" He asks.

"Just about. Should be done by tomorrow. Just gotta add the bullet proof glass." I tell him.

It's a real beast of a car. A 1941, Chevy heavy duty COE truck. Extended front bumper and back cab. Flood lights and a modular exhaust to release different gases. Things more durable than my 442. But at the cost of speed and acceleration.

"Perfect." He says. "I'll see you tomorrow."

"Yeah, see ya then." I say and turn to find my mini fridge.

Opening it I find a single bottle left.

"Damnit. Need a supply run soon."




-The Rig, 5:53pm-




Kitsu POV


Waiting invisibly on top the Rig's helipad entrance. There are five entrances, two are docks. One is a top entrance for helicopters and fliers. And two are secret pipelines for vehicles and evacuations that I only know exist because of Wade.

There are two guards here, and they haven't noticed me.

I watch as I see the water of the bay disappear and the roof of a building stretch forward to connect with the entrance I'm seated on.

I go ahead and hop down, dropping my invisibility as I land and Missy steps up to me.

The guards snap to attention and aim their guns at me as one of them radios that I'm here.

Back to the important stuff!

We hug and I nuzzle her neck. Reacquainting myself with her scent. I do this with everyone that I'm close to as of late. There's just something about it that sets me at ease. Like a deep seeded instinct.

"Alright you two, we need to head in and make our report." Dean says. "Kitsu, do you have permission to be here?"

"Yes." I say as I detach myself from Missy.

"I mean from someone who can legally let you in." He clarifies.

'That's needed? Of course it's needed, why wouldn't it be.' I think as I remember that, as non-standard as the Wards are, the PRT is still a government organization.

"Well, how does Vicky get in?" I ask.

*Tshh* I hear the door behind us open.

"By having Gallant let her in. It's against protocol but we let it slide. Seeing that she has yet to pose any threat to the PRT or the wellbeing of the people." A gruff voice sounds out.

I turn around and regard the cobalt combatant.

"Robocop!" I say and shoot my arms up in excitement.

"… Kitsu, come in. There're a few things I wish to discuss with you." He says curtly. "But before that. Vista, the Director would like a word with you."

'Dickwad is just ignoring me now.' I think in irritation.
"Why?" Vista asks.

"It will be explained when you get to her office." He says before turning to Dean. "Gallant, escort Kitsu to the Wards lounge. Keep your eyes on her until I return."

"Sir!" Gallant says before walking forward and grabbing my hand.

I snatch my hand back and shoot him a glare.

"I'm not a baby." I say in a low tone.

"Sorry. I, didn't mean to offend." He says apologetically.




"Oooh~ fancy, you guys hang out here every day?" I ask.

It's lounge room with a few recreationally things. A flat screen mounted to the wall with an Xbox 360, PS3, and a Wii under it. A shelf full of games off to the side. A few tables around and kitchenette to the side. And a few unique things here and there.

They've got a vending machine, with coffee! A coffee vending machine! I didn't even know that was a thing!

Really though, this is a rather cozy spot. I'm laying on one of the blue leather, plastic like material couches in front of the TV. Why am I laying down? No open back chairs and no pillows to put behind my back.

So inconsiderate.

"Most days before and after a shift." Dean says off handedly before taking off his helmet.

He sets it down on the table and goes to the fridge. He takes out a grape soda and drinks it.

"So, you and Missy?" He asks awkwardly.

"Me and Vista." I correct. "Can't really go out in civvies, I'm too recognizable." I say.

"Me and Vicky do it. Can't you use your illusions?" He asks. "Also, how did that happen?"

"My illusions require me to focus. And I don't have faith in myself to maintain that focus." I answer.

'Especially since Missy has a habit of pushing my shut down buttons.' I think in annoyance.

"And honestly? I'm not entirely sure. We had a sleepover and she confessed to me. Now here we are." I confess.

"That's, okay." He says awkwardly, not seeming to know what else to say.

"Well how did you and Vicky start dating?" I ask accusingly with a pout.

He blushes and looks away before answering.

"We had feelings for each other for awhile. Then one day she walked up to me and told me to stop playing dumb and that we were dating." He says with a shrug.

I give a small glare.

"And how is that different to my relationship with Missy?" I ask.

"We knew each other for months beforehand?" He offers.

'Damnit, that's actually a good point.' I realize.

"Don't you have a report to make?" I ask in an attempt to deflect.

"I have to keep an eye on you until Armsmaster gets back." He says.

"I don't need a babysitter." I say seriously.
He nods his head.

"True, however." He starts slowly. "Last time you were here, you broke a window."

"Extenuating circumstances! That doesn't count!" I say and sit up to shoot a glare at him. Leaning forward to not squish my tail.

As I'm contemplating my next series of dialogue. Another man in red walks in. At first I thought it was Assault. But his suit is different. And there's the fact that I can't hear his footsteps!

"Gallant, I'll take over here for now. You go ahead and write that report." He says gently without looking at him.

He turns to me and I get a clear view of him. A darker red with black padding. His mask shows his lower face and has horns on top. Looking closer as he walks up I see that eyes of the mask are covered.

Gallant gives a nod before donning his helmet again and leaving.

"Daredevil?" I question.

He stops at that. Before giving a slight chuckle and continuing to move forward and sit in a seat across from me.

"Not many know about me. I tend to stay out of the limelight. Which raises the question, how do you?" He asks.

"My thinker power. I sometimes remember certain details about others when I meet them." I say.

He's keeping his ear to me. Not his eyes. Which I guess makes sense.

"That's not entirely true. Want to tell me which part?" He inquires in a kind voice.

A stay silent and force my heart rate to a normal rhythm.

"That's fine. I'm here for another matter anyway. Not to interrogate you." He says. "You're aware of Shadow Stalker? She's agreed to a probationary membership on the Wards."

'Just like canon then.' I think to myself.

"Okay? What's that gotta do with me?" I ask.
He leans forward and puts his hands together. Then turns his head to face me.

"She agreed, but only if she gets a rematch against you." He says.

'Okay, I'm seeing more and more divergence from canon by the hour at this point.' I think anxiously.

"She has agreed to full probationary status, win or lose. She just wants a single fight." He says.

'Hmmm, what answer would piss her off the most?' I think to myself.

"No." I say. "I already beat her. I have nothing to prove."

He stills for a second before giving a small chuckle and a shake of his head.

"And they told me you were immature." He says under his breath. "What do you want in exchange for agreeing to a fight, just one?"

'Ooooh, a blank check?' I think curiously.

"That's a dangerous offer. Why do you care so much about a single delinquent?" I ask. Hoping to gain some insight on how much I can use this.

"I have a, rather personal stake in this. I want to help her." He says.

'Vaguely heroic answer it is.' I think in annoyance.

"I'mma need more than that if you want me to care." I say plainly.

He tilts his head slightly.

"Aren't you a hero? That should be enough." He says in a tone that suggests he knows the answer.

"I am a hero. But I'm also a very petty and selfish individual." I say honestly.

His lips scrunch up in frustration. And gives a sigh of annoyance before continuing.

"At least you're honest about it. Alright, I'm doing this as both a favor to Static Shock, and because I want to help Shadow Stalker become more than she is. I see potential in her, she just needs the right kind of mentor." He finally explains.

'Not likely, if Sophia is anything like her canon counterpart, then she's already too far gone.' I think to myself. 'Then again, canon is already sideways and dying in a ditch somewhere in Detroit. And I'll need to step up my game if I want to stop Scion in three years.'

"Hmm alright, in exchange. I want better logistical cooperation between the PRT and New Wave!" I say.

That seems to catch him off guard for second before he chuckles and stands up. He offers a hand with a smile and I take it gingerly.

"You're more heroic than you realize. I hope you see that one day." He says as he shakes my hand.

"You go ahead and tell yourself that." I say back.

In truth? The PRT has legalese and resources that New Wave simply doesn't. And better cooperation will only insure I gain access to that.

I'm going to need it for the future.




-Meanwhile, Director Piggot's office-




Missy "Vista" Biron POV


Taking my seat across from the Director, I can't help the anxious feeling welling in my chest.

"Vista, thank you for coming here immediately." Piggot says.

'Not like I had a choice.'

"It's not a problem. Um what did you want to see me about?" I ask bluntly.

She furrows her brow a bit before humming to herself.

"Right, straight to the point then." She says and leans forward.

She takes her computer monitor and flips it around. Showing a video file on the PHO hub.

"Explain this for me." She says and presses play.
The video starts out black before panning up to show, me and Kitsu.

At the signing. Where I kissed her, and she, kissed me back.

My face burns as I stand up to take a closer look. It was posted by someone under the handle FlippinMad. And apparently we're trending!

"How, how many views?" I squeak out.

Pigot turns the monitor back around clicks a few things.

"Well over half a million. And it's only been up for an hour." She says appraisingly. "So, when did you decide to date a possible S rank and not tell us? You are aware that any and all long term relations must be reported to us. Correct." She inquires.

I might have forgotten.

"Well, we just started dating! We haven't even, really gone out yet." I say the last bit softly.

"Truth. That being said. I would highly recommend you break off your current arrangement." Armsmaster says.

"What?/Excuse me?" Me and Piggot say at the same time.

"Kitsu is a highly erratic and unpredictable individual. You can't possibly expect this relationship to end well. Aside from that-"

"I'm sorry robocop, are trying to tell me who I can and can't date?" I cut him off, feeling my blood start to pump in my temples at the anger starting to course through me.

"Watch your tone Vista. I-"

"Collin, get out." Piggot says simply.

We both look to her in surprise.

"Director, I was only-"

"Trying to start a dick measuring contest with a little girl? Again? I understand you have a grudge with Kitsu that you feel needs resolving. But if you can't maintain a professional attitude whenever she is brought up then I will order you to therapy. Now get out." She says, not once looking at him.

He stiffens a bit before finally marching out.
Once he leaves, Piggot rubs her hands to her face in annoyance.

"You'd think with all the experience he has, that he'd know how to act professional when things don't go his way." She groans out. "Now, back to the matter at hand. Your relationship with Kitsu."

"I'm not going to break up with her." I say and cross my arms defiantly.

She rolls her eyes before continuing.

"And I'm not asking you to. My concern here is image. My main goal is to show the public that parahumans are still human. Understood?" She says simply. Leaning back to clasp her hands together as she looks to me for a response.

"Um, I think?" I say unsurely. Not quite knowing where this is headed.

"The vast majority of the public tend to treat capes as celebrities. That's all well and good, however, it brings a sort of disconnection. And that's why we do so many public events. Get you out there and show how relatable you are. That leads me to this. Your relationship has the potential to be the perfect opportunity for that." She says.

"Okay, I'm going to need more, because it sounds like you're wanting to use me and my girlfriend's relationship as a PR stunt." I say angrily.

"Not exactly, hear me out. I don't want you to do any photo-ops or talk shows. No, I want you and Kitsu to be seen. To be out there and show that even Case 53's can have normal and happy relations with others. That they're not freaks and oddities. In exchange, I'm willing to set up a fund for you and Kitsu, to go out and, buy coffee or go to the arcade or something." She finishes.

"So you want to use my dating life as a PR stunt." I repeat.

"If I say yes, will you agree? Think about it, you do what you normally do when you patrol, walk around, go to coffee shops, attend events. Just do it with Kitsu." She says tiredly.

I want to be mad. Hell, I am mad!

But.

'We'd get to spend more time together. And get to go on actual dates more often!' My mind says betrayingly. 'Not to mention it'd give more reason to have me on patrols more often.'

"Give me some time to think about it." I relent stubbornly.

"Granted, now. You may go. You can go ahead and skip the report. I'm sure you'll want to get back to your girlfriend." She says and turns back to her computer.

I stand up and hurry out of the room. Not wanting to stay in there much longer with Ms. Piggy.




-Wards lounge-




Kitsu POV


I'm sat here, laying down again after having gotten bored and swapped all the food in everyone's lunch boxes.

Except the peanut foods. I'm not evil.

I'm deciding what to watch when I hear soft footsteps down the hall. And the opening of a door as well the clatter of something solid on the counter.
Pushing myself up, I see Missy going to the fridge and pulling out a soda, root beer or cream by the color. She had tossed her visor onto the counter.

"So~ how'd it go?~" I ask.

She tries to down her soda in one go before coughing. Some of it spilling down her chin before she tosses the half empty can at the wall. I watch in astonishment, and slight fear, as the can loops around the ceiling and into a trash can at the end of the counter. Or the trash can moved to the wall. Hard to tell.

"Um, you good?" I ask. "Wanna talk bout it?"

"Not really." She says and grabs a paper towel to wash her chin.

She gets done, and then turns to me.

"Kitsu, can you scoot your legs up?" She asks.
I do so, now kneeling on the couch as she warps the space around us. I watch in dizzying wonder as I go from staring at her, to staring at the door to the lounge.

"Huh?" I say numbly as I hear Missy plop down behind me.

And in a flash, without moving, I'm back where I was. Only now I'm staring at an empty counter, bereft of any girlfriends.

Looking behind me, I see Missy. She blushes with a shy smile and pats the spot next to her. I go ahead and sit next down, leaning on her and twisting in a way to not squish my tail. Again.

She hugs me from the side and starts scratching my ears as I nuzzle her shoulder.

"Just so you know, you get half an hour with me." I say softly through the scratches.

"Why? I have two hours before I have to be home!" She whines and I flinch at the uptake in volume.

"Hey! Careful! I'm right here, not across the room." I say.

"Oh, I'm sorry!" She hushes out. "I didn't mean to hurt you or anything I just-"

I place a finger to her lips to silence her.

"You're fine. And I have to fight Shadow Stalker in half an hour. They're giving her that time to prepare." I explain.

"Why?" She asks dubiously. Now stopping her scratches.

"According to Daredevil, she wants a rematch with me in exchange for agreeing to probation with the Wards." I say with a shrug.

"Oh, can I watch?" She asks.

"It might get bloody, I'm not going to hold back against her. I'm just told I need to leave her in one piece." I say bluntly.

Missy gains an uncomfortable look at that.

"Then why would it get bloody?" She asks.

"Because, I was told to leave her in one piece, not to keep her in one piece. And unlike literally anyone else here." I say give her a wicked smile. "I can put people back together, just as easily as I break them."

…

"I don't like that." She says simply. "That's evil."

"Missy, if we're going to be together, you need to learn that I'm not a heroic person. The only reason I'm considered good is because I don't want to upset the few people that I've come to care for." I say seriously.

She gains a sad look that hurts me to see.

"Well then, could you not, for me?" She asks.

'Damnit! She had to press that button.' I think in irritation. 'Then again, I kinda set that one up.'

"HRM! Fine, but if she starts running her mouth then I will hurt her. Till then I'll keep it to a four out of ten. Might give her a few bruises and fractures." I say as I press my face against her, so I don't have to look her in the eyes. "Now c'mon! I saw Mario Kart in this stack of games and I'm gonna kick your butt!"




-7:00pm-



Sophia "Shadow Stalker" Hess POV


Finally.

I'm being escorted to a sparring room by my jackass of a cousin and two other suit guys with tasers.
I'm fully geared and they're even letting me use live bolts.

'Little bitch doesn't know what's coming to her.' I think excitedly.

As we enter the sparring room. A large square, tiled room with an observation window up top. I can see a few people up there, but can't really make out who it is.

"Look, Soph, I really think you should reconsider this. If you'd ju-"

"Fuck off nerd. I don't need your pity or your advice." I brush him off.

"Look, she's not just some kid she's-"

"Nothing special. Another sheep, you can tell a predator by the way they hold themselves. She sure as hell isn't a predator." I explain. Hoping to get it through his thick skull.

He throws his hands up in defeat.

"I tried. I tried! This on you now! Just letting you know!" He says as he walks out.

I just flip him off.

I look around the empty room and, seeing a lack of any other person. I start to get upset.

"Well!" I yell, throwing my arms out in agitation. "Where is she?!"

*Kcht*

"She's on her way. She'll be here in a few seconds." I hear the voice of the armored prick ring out.

"Fucking better be." I mumble under my breath.

*Tssht*

"Why do so many people have such poor language skills? Honestly, it just comes off as lazy." I hear the hated voice of the brat.

Turning around, I see she's not even looking at my as she's texting on her phone.

'Hold up, the fuck?!' I think as I notice the fuzz behind her.

She walks past and I get a good view of what is apparently a tail. And getting a better look, I see the her headband is actually her ears.

"I'm sorry. Hold the fuck up. What am I looking at?" I ask incredulously.

She doesn't stop her walk or texting.

"I assume you're talking about me. In which case that means you demanded this fight, with zero knowledge on who you're fighting." She says in a bored tone. "I'm a Case 53. That's all you really need to know."

The nonchalance of this brat is really pissing me off.

"At least look at me when you talk!" I demand.

"Nah." She says.

*Kcht*
"Are you both ready?"

"Sure! Can't wait to show you how a real fight goes." I say and load a crossbow.

Kitsu just gives a thumbs up.

"Then begin."

I jump back and turn into mist. Launching my bolt at her at watch in satisfa-

It just stopped dead against her.

She hasn't even looked up from her phone.

I load another bolt and fire it at her.

Same thing.

I do it again, only this time I aim at her head. It hits dead center and just falls onto her phone. She grabs it and tosses it aside.

"Okay, what the hell?!" I demand to know.

"Language!" She shouts back at me.

"Fuck you! What's going on?!" I demand.

"This is why you never fight someone you can't win against." She says mockingly. "Now hold on, I'm texting my girlfriend. She totally cheated on the rainbow bridge!"

I feel my blood boil at the audacity of this bitch!

"You! I can't! How!"

"Simple, you lose." She says and finally puts her phone away. "When they first asked me to fight you, I said no. You're so far below me, it's not even funny. You're literally not worth my time."

"Bullshit!" I screech, my vision now turning red as I return to my normal state. "Then why are you here?!"

"Simple, I was bribed." She says with a shrug. "Are we done here!? I'm getting bored faster than I thought I would!"

"No! Just because I can't hurt you doesn't mean your dyke ass can beat me in a fight!" I provoke her.

She's durable, can teleport, and paralyze with a touch. A real grab bag. But nothing I can't take out with effort.

She stares for a long second before taking a deep breath. She pulls out her phone again. Types a few things, then puts it back.

'If I can get her mad enough to make mistakes, I can at least choke her out!' I think to myself. 'Just so long as she doesn't touch bare skin. I'm good.'

"Okay, just went from four, to six. This is on you." She says softly. Her entire demeanor changing and setting me on edge.

"What?"

*Crack*

"Aaaagh! What?!" I think in confusion at the burning pain in my arm.

Looking down, I see it's twisted in the wrong direction.

"What? How?!" I scream in panic. Looking to the cold eyes of the monster across from me.

"Easy." I hear next to me.

Whipping around, I attempt to bash my crossbow into the voice.

*Creak*

Only to have it snap against nothing. And for the brat to appear as though reality shattered around her in the same second.

"Quick reflexes. I'll give you that." She says.

Then, in a blur of motion. I barely have time to switch to my mist form before she puts her foot through my leg.

"Very quick. I'll admit, not much I can do when you're like that." She says and pulls her phone out again. "So I'll wait."

I scream in rage at her attitude and reform to hit her.
Only for nothing to happen as my fist stops dead against her forehead.

She stops texting and looks up at me.

"Okay, if the bolts and your crossbow didn't work. Why would your fist?" She asks. "I'm done here."

She turns her phone around and shows me a video of a Behemoth attack. And right when I'm about to question what the hell she's doing. I see a small figure jump up and punch Behemoths head off.

"That was me that did that. Surrender, or the next hit I land will be that." She says. "Because in case it wasn't obvious already. I've been holding back, way back."

'How?! That's not fair! Why would someone so powerful be at the beck and call of others?!' I think in a panic. 'If she really is that powerful, then why isn't she running this place?! It makes no sense!'

As I'm lost in thought, she grabs my arm and rips the cloth off. And in the next moment, before I have time to shift. My arm puts itself back in place with a sickening crack.

"Rrrrr! What?! Why?" I say in confusion.

"Because, my girlfriend made me promise not to get too rough with you. And that was to show you that just short of death. I can heal anything I do to you." She says with a sweet smile. "As though it never happened. Remember that going forward."

She says and walks towards the door. Leaving me to my thoughts.

"Hey! I forfeit! Can I go now?!" She shouts.

The doors open and she leaves me here, left alone to my thoughts.

Until the blind bastard comes in, offering me a hand.




Kitsu POV


I really wanted to do more to her. But I don't want to upset Missy. We just got together and starting off by disregarding her feelings on the matter is not a good start.

I use my speed and zip over to the observation deck and glomp onto Missy from the side.

"Boo!"

"Aah!" She squeaks. "Kitsu! Don't do that!" She whines.

I nuzzle her side affectionately and just enjoy her presence.

"Hmm, nope! You're too cute when you're startled." I say, looking up to enjoy the way her face reddens. "Besides, this is revenge for you cheating!"

"If you two are done. Kitsu, I have questions as to the specifics of the device you wanted from Kid Win." Robo-knockoff says.

"Can't it wait? I wanna snuggle my adorable Missy first!" I say to further tease her. Enjoying the sound of her heart beating faster.

"No." He says curtly.

"Fine, what do you need to know?" I say and let go of Missy.

She gives a barely audible whine when I let go. And I feel a little bad, but Armsdick is living up to his name.

"First off. You know for certain what Kid Wins specialty is?" He asks.

"Yes." I say.

He seems to regard that for a second before giving a noncommittal grunt.

"Right, Kid Win said you wanted something of a reverse hearing aid? Elaborate." He says.

"I want something inconspicuous to negate my sensitivity to sound, without taking away my enhance ability to sense sound." I explain.

He says nothing for a second before returning to me.

"What guarantee do I have that you'll keep your end of the deal?" He asks.

You know what? At this point my patience is worn out. I had to fight Shadow Stalker. Without getting to hurt her too much. Okay that sounds bad, but still! And not only that, this prick is pulling me away from my snuggles!

"His specialty is modularity. There, now I expect my device by the end of the week. If it can't be made inconspicuous enough to wear everyday, then make it look like my headband that I use for my hero outfit. Oh! And I want it to have Bluetooth so I can listen to music in a way that doesn't hurt my ears." I say quickly. "Kay Robocop?"

He grumbles unintelligently before marching off.

"I never got a yes!" I shout after him.

…

"What was all that?" Missy asks.

I turn to her with a smile.

"Nothing much. Now!" I say glomp her again. "Scratches!"

She shrugs and does so.

"I want an explanation later. Preferably before I have to go home." She says.

I hum in agreement. Content to just stay still and let her continue.




-Dallon House, 9:30pm-




Kitsu POV


I'm in my room. Staring at the ceiling as I contemplate the days events.

One event in particular.

'If Taylor doesn't trigger and turn into Skitter, and later Khepri, then surviving Gold Morning just got infinitesimally more impossible.' I realize with a sort of existential dread. 'Hell, a lot of shit, is now out the window. Seeing as my canon knowledge is now almost USELESS! My future knowledge at least.'

I turn over to stare at Mr. Star as I think some more.
'I need ideas, fast.' I realize. 'I have a three year countdown, maybe longer if Jack somehow bites it before then.'

My illusions and enhancements can't be changed. They're static things that can't really be built upon. But you know what can?

My biokinesis.

'Looks like I'm paying extra special attention in Biology class tomorrow.' I resolve to myself. 'After that? Practice.'

Forming a half baked plan running more on goals than anything solid. I decide to let sleep take me, I'll figure the rest out tomorrow.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus




Ethan "Assault" POV


"Slow down, you're driving too fast." Jaime groans out next to me.

"Puppy, I'm parked in our driveway." I say softly.

"Liar~! I know you're driving. The car wouldn't be bumping so much." She whines.

I switch the car off of idle and wait a minute.

"Where are we again?" She asks.

She's been slowly getting better.

"Open your eyes and find out." I say with mirth.

"Noooo~" She groans.

I roll my eyes and step out of the car. Walking around the side to get Jaime. I open the door and go to unbuckle her. But then she starts glowing.

"Jaime, Jaime, Puppy no! It's me, Ethan." I say and she stops glowing.

"What? No, Ethan is over-" She says as she slaps the drivers seat. "How did you move so fast?"

Oh how I wish I could record this. But I know for a fact she'd kick me out of the house until I deleted it. She's done it before when I recorded her on pain meds.

"Come on puppy." I say and unbuckle her. "Let's get you inside. Are you hungry?"

"A little. Do we have cereal? I want cereal." She says as I help her out of the car.

"We have cereal." I say as I help her walk. We make it to sidewalk before she starts dry heaving.

"Oh god, it's spinning again!" She says in a loud whisper.

I keep moving. Knowing that if I let her stop, she'll just slouch over. And that carrying her will just make it worse.

"Everything alright?!" Our neighbor Lucy asks as she steps out of the house to walk her dogs.

She's that nosy old neighbor. The kind who can never mind their own business. And has called the cops on me and Jaime for "Suspicious behavior."

"Yeah! A coworker thought it'd be a funny prank to give everyone brownies. Without mentioning that one of them was spiked!" I shout back.

She always plays dumb and feigns ignorance. Not knowing that we can get access to the recorded calls made to the police and 911.

"Really? Oh kids these days. When Richard was working, a prank was-"

And I tune her out.

"Is it that bitch again? Why can't she mind her own?" Jaime says.

"Takes all kinds." I say simply as we walk towards the house. "Come on, just up the stairs. It's three steps."

We make it up the steps and to the door. Passing through into the living room just past the entryway, I lay her down on the couch.

"How do you do this? I feel sicker than I ever have." She groans.

I hold in a laugh at her stoned out behavior.

"You just had too much at once for your first time." I say softly and sit next to her.

"That's what she said!" She says with a laugh.

I rub her head comfortingly as she groan's and writhes. After a bit she stops writhing and just lays there.

"How're ya feeling? You still a sick puppy?" I say teasingly.

She gives out a puff of laughter before weakly smacking my chest.

"No! That wasn't funny." She complains.

"Then why'd you laugh? Are you feeling, giggly?" I tease and tickle her neck.

"NOohooho!" She says and smacks me again.

I take my hand away and we sit there for a bit before she starts crawling up on me. She forces me down and lays on top of me.

"What are you doing?" I ask with a laugh.

"Mmh cold, you're warm." She mumbles and grabs my arms to hold her.

We lay there for a bit longer until she starts to wiggle around, bounces up a few times on my chest. Before sitting up and tossing her shirt off.

"Woah! This an invitation?" I ask. More than a little excited at seeing her in her simple blue bra.

"No! Bad!" She says as she lays back down.

She grabs my shirt and lifts it up as she wiggles herself underneath. Forcing us to share a shirt as we lay down.

She moves around a bit more, wiggling and squirming before she reaches under and unhooks her bra. She then kicks her feet up. Using her toes to try and kick my pants off.

"Okay, what are you doing?" I ask in amusement.

"I wanna be closer to you!" She whines, ducking her head under my stretched out shirt.

"How much closer can you get? We're already sharing a shirt." I say with a laugh.

"I wanna share your skin!" She yells at me. "Get your arms under here and hold me!"

Rolling my eyes, I do as she says and tuck my arms into my shirt to hold her. She pokes her head back up and just stares at me. Eyes still closed.

"Kiss me." She says with a pout.

Craning my neck as best I can, give her a peck on the lips.

"More!" She demands.

I peck her again.

"Noooo, like this!" She whines and rocks herself forward to press her lips to mine roughly. Her back arches into the kiss, somehow pushing us closer together.

She leans back with a dopey smile.

"That's better~" She sighs and lays her head back down on my chest.

"Puppy, you keep this up and I'm not going to last." I say jokingly.

She grins and peeks a bloodshot eye open.

"Oh? What're you going to do? Assault me?" She says and laughs at her own joke.

She slowly stops laughing and just lays there unmoving.

…

"Puppy?" I say and shake her a little. "You okay?"

…

Annnd she's drooling.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N
For those who are wondering how.

It's the butterfly effect at its finest.

Canon.
Emma was assaulted by ABB traffickers in 2009 when she was roughly 13-15 and was saved by Shadow Stalker. Where she developed a need to feel strong and separate herself from anything weak. Including Taylor. A need to feel strong that Sophia only fueled and enabled. Which lead to a year and a half long bullying campaign that led to Taylor triggering and the creation of Skitter.

Now.
Kitsu was kidnapped and saved from the auction in 2008, after which Lung gutted the ABB's human trafficking ring, and put a strict, target adults only rule in place. Which would mean no traffickers to target Emma. No trauma that turns her into a bully, and no incident to introduce her to Sophia. The two never acquaint themselves with each other. And thus, Emma remains Taylors friend. Meaning no trio, no bullying, no trigger, no Skitter, no Weaver, no Khepri.

That one incident which has been mentioned, only in passing a few times,
has had MASSIVE consequences.

.
QUESTIONS!


For NEWB


For Kitsu


RadChaos897: I've been wondering how accurate you can make your illusions. Can you fool a biometric scanner?

Kitsu: No, at least I don't think I could. I need to keep the image in my head the entire time I use said illusions. I can give them whatever texture I want, but to replicate biological functions? I'd need to picture all, of said functions. And the eye scanner? It'd be easier to just copy the structure of someone else's eye over my own.

RadChaos897: What about your daggers? How sharp can you make them? Can you make them as sharp as a monomolecular edge? Can you make them vibrate so fast that they become high-frequency blades? If you can then you could cosplay as Raiden! Robo-Fox Girl!

Kitsu: I can, but it's VERY hard. I have to imagine the blade itself, and it's difficult to imagine mono-molecularity while also imagining the whole thing at the same time.

RadChaos897: Besides Scion and the Siberian, what other capes are you afraid of?

Kitsu: Not many, Alexandria can be drowned or suffocated, and others like Damsel of Distress? She's a joke. Her attacks are powerful, but she herself is such a d-lister that so long as I don't get cocky I'm fine. Echidna scares me though. Just the thought of a dozen me's running around unchecked and at the hands of someone as unstable as Noelle? Only Scion could stop that.

Akiralator: What languages do you speak?

Kitsu: English, a bit of German and some Spanish.

Akiralator: Would you ask Amy for foxnip, like catnip for foxes?

Kitsu: FUN FACT! Foxes and cats react in similar ways towards catnip. And yes.

Akiralator: If you Get a gun, a big one with knockback that would rip off a normal person's entire arm if they used it, what would you do?

Kitsu: Boom boom boom boom~ I'm blowing up your room~ In all seriousness? Assuming I could get way with it. Probably take shots at the ferry. It's nothing but junk that's just laying around at this point and there's no one in it.

Akiralator: Attempt number two. What would you do if pizza ceased to exist, at some point you gotta answer "insert evil laughter here" destroys an innocent box full of pizza with a flamethrower

Kitsu: NOOOOOOOO! YOU MONSTER! It's okay little one, I'll still eat you. *Proceeds to eat charred remains*


For [Conduit]


RadChaos897: if Kitsu were hit with [STING] or a [STING] equivalent, what would happen to you?

[Conduit]: [Iteration; It Would Be A Mild Inconvenience]

NEWB: Unless it hit Kitsu's Corona Gemma, she'd recover.

RadChaos897: Since you were tasked with observing and correcting deviant Shards, which ones were the most interesting? Were there any important Shards like Queen Shards that ever developed Deviant qualities? If so, then what were they? Were there any Deviant Shards that escaped the [Wanderer] Entity like yourself, or were you the only one? If there were others that escaped, then could they have also found their own [Answer]?

[Conduit]: [Summarization; Shards Designation [Stasis]; [Queen Charger]; [Queen Observer]; Categorically; Glitch; Rampancy; Senescence] [Likelihood Of Deviation And Subsequential Separation From Gestalt; Low]

NEWB: To translate, there were a few that developed interesting deviances, [Stasis] was the one that [Conduit] stole immortality from. [Queen Charger] started to develop personality deviances that made it desire for control over the entity. And [Queen Observer] started to just break down out of nowhere and had to be remade entirely. Since [Conduit] was the one checking and correcting deviances, the odds of a shard separating on its own are astronomically low. While [Conduit] was there at least. But the odds of others finding the [Answer]? No, it's such an astronomical improbability that the fact [Conduit] stumbled upon it is a cosmic joke.

RadChaos897: Speaking of the [Wanderer], what was it like? Did the [Wanderer] have a different purpose before it decided to just wander the cosmos as its name would suggest? Before you came to Earth, were there any other interesting [Host] species that stuck out to you? Perhaps a race of highly intelligent felines? Reptilians? Insectoids? Do you know if any alien life visited Earth before the [Warrior] and [Thinker] appeared? Did another Entity perhaps make a quick pitstop and drop off some Shards for a quick [Data] gathering? It would certainly explain how myths and legends like Heracles and Achilles became told.

[Conduit]: [Negative]

…

NEWB: to expand on that. The Wanderer was born with the deviancy of not desiring the [Answer]. And [Conduit] does not see the difference between species, to [Conduit] you're all just third dimension flesh bags. Kitsu is the exception. Whether or not alien life was on Earth before is inconclusive, Entities however? If they were here then the planet wouldn't be. The [Cycle] necessitates the death of the host planet to complete and retrieve the shards used.




As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas moving forward.



Link to the discord server: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro

Find me in the channel newb's-grotto
Last edited: Apr 12, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt, JetTheKnight and 276 others
Newb to the game
Apr 10, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 25 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Apr 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#210
A/N Fallout
Alt title: Talk about the butterfly effect
.
A lot of this chapter is thanks to Sarah2cold for helping me get past my writers block.
.
The FFN traffic graph is down. And I hate it.
.
.
This chapter is going to be structured, WILDLY different in order to keep the story coherent. It's not chronological, that's so I can continue with the story while also bring some things in later without it seeming like I pulled it out of my ass.
.
.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Parahumans Online
You are currently logged in: ToyFoxy

You are currently viewing:

Topic: New Cape Ship
IN: Boards- Location- America- Brockton Bay

Original poster: FlippinMad
Posted On April 12th 2010

HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT! LOOK AT THIS! I CAN'T EVEN! I JUST- AAAAAAAAAAAH!

(Video-Link-VistaAndKitsuAtTheSigning)
(Showing Page 1 of 82)


T4ndoris
Replied on April 12th 2010
YES!

Chaosfaith
Replied on April 12th 2010

That's adorable!
Guess she really is part of the LGBT, Vista too.
Bout time the Brockton Bay Wards got some representation.

MainProtagonist
Replied on April 12th 2010

My fanfic senses are tingling! MUST WRITE!

AllCure(Verified Cape)(Verified New Wave)
Replied on April 12th 2010

Someone stop MainProtagonist! They're both 12!

Gogmazios (Veteran Poster)
Replied on April 12th 2010

It's too late. The ship has sailed.

Tdren
Replied on April 12th 2010

Where's the resident whack job? Any conspiracies? Like Kitsu is Heartbreaker in disguise?

Dawgsmiles(Veteran Poster)
Replied on April 12th 2010

He got another 2 week ban.
Again.

FlippinMad(Original Poster)
Replied on April 12th 2010

Back on topic! :D
This just proves that petite girls are best! I fully ship them!
Does anyone know if there's going to be any Kitsu merchandise? Clothes specifically.
Asking for myself.

Tumbles
Replied on April 12th 2010

Dunno, maybe you could DM her? Or Lady Photon, might get an answer.

Feychick
Replied on April 12th 2010

Is it just me, or do capes seem to only date other capes? I mean. There's the Dallons, Pelhams, GG and Gallant, now Vista and Kitsu.
I'm seeing a trend. Just saying.

Antigone
Replied on April 12th 2010

I mean it makes sense. If I were a cape I'd date a cape. For one try explaining to your civilian girlfriend that you missed your one month anniversary because little Timmy fell down the well.
Not only that, I imagine capes relate to other capes better.

Boaty5
Replied on April 12th 2010

So is New Wave recruiting Case 53's now? I always thought they were family exclusive.

Bagrat (Veteran Member) (The Guy In The Know)
Replied on April 12th 2010

New Wave is a movement. Anyone can join. Just need to follow their ideals of accountability. No masks and all that.

GstringGirl
Replied on April 12th 2010

So they accept Case 53's and have two biokinetics?

Weld (Verified Cape) (Wards Boston)
Replied on April 12th 2010

I'm just happy for my fellow Case 53 and fellow Ward.
I hope they're happy together.

Valkyr (Wiki Warrior)
Replied on April 12th 2010

Can we get confirmation?! I need it to be accurate! Someone!

Gallant (Verified Cape) (Wards ENE)
Replied on April 12th 2010

Consider it confirmed. I was there. My suit senses emotions and I can tell you for 100% certainty that they're an item.

Valkyr (Wiki Warrior)
Replied on April 12th 2010

THANK YOU!

(End of Page 1 of 82)
.
.
.
.
.
-Arcadia High, History class, Tuesday, April 13th-




Kitsu POV


I got here early and switched the seats around. So I'm now against the window and as far from Dennis as possible.

The kid who was sitting here tried to say something. But I used my master power to get him to leave me alone.

I cut it off after the teacher showed up. And the class went normally after that.




-Biology class-




I walk up to Mrs. Kindley. A shorter Caucasian lady in her forty's, with curly black hair similar to Taylor.

"Hey, can I take that home?" I ask and point to an embalmed electric eel in a jar behind her.

She stops typing and looks up. Then turns around to see what I'm pointing to.

"Why?" She asks slowly as she turns back to me.

"I can manipulate biology with a touch. I wanna figure out how those misnamed knifefish make electricity. See if I can make other things do it." I explain with a smile.

"That's, honestly rather interesting. I'd love to see how that turns out." She says cheerfully after a bit of thought.

"So I can have it?!"

"Unfortunately that's not real." She says. "It's just a display."

'Are you KIDDING ME?!'

"Well then, where can I find an electric eel?" I ask.
She hums in thought for a bit.

"Well~ there's the Amazon. But that might be a bit tedious." She says jokingly. "Other than that? I'm not sure, you could maybe find one for sale online. Or get a dead one from a curio shop."

I slouch and make my way back to my seat.

"Thanks anyway." I say dejectedly.

"If there is anything else, let me know." She offers. "I'm actually rather interested to see what you'll come up with."

'Maybe.' I think to myself.

I turn back around to her with and zip back to her desk.

"Do you know where I can get anything bioluminescent?!" I ask excitedly.

"You mean like fireflies?" She says.

I stare at her for a second before throwing both hands to my face and groaning in frustration.
I'm an idiot.

"It's still April, they tend to only pop up in late May around these parts. But I'm sure if you look hard enough you'll find some." She adds helpfully. "And if unique biology is something you're interested in. I may have a suggestion."

I look back to her with expectancy.

"There are many plants with unique properties. I'd recommend looking at various trees and vines. Maybe some flowers." She says.

"Hmm, not a bad idea!" I say. "Alright, thanks!"

She smiles brightly and points to the clock.

"You have three minutes to turn in your assignment." She says.

'Damnit!'




Lunch time.

Yay.

As I walk over, I see the person I've been avoiding for more than a week.

I've put this off long enough.

Walking up, I decide I'm not ready for this. So I go ahead and sit at the opposite end, next to one of Vicky's friends.

"Hmm? Oh! Where have you been? I haven't seen you here in more than a week!" She says excitedly.

She's a preppy looking brunette with long brown hair. And I can't for the life of me remember her name.

"I kept forgetting my lunch at home." I say quietly. "So here I am."

"Cool, now talk! You and Vista, details!" She says excitedly.

'And it seems I've found another reason to avoid lunch at school.' I think bitterly.

"I wanna know too! I mean, I thought you had the hots for Dennis. But then that video on the PHO went up and now this!" The blonde across from me says. "And why have you not said anything Vicky?!"
"Not my place." Vicky says through her salad.

I leave a decoy and take my lunch. I'm just going eat lunch at home from now on.




-Over the two next weeks-




-Nye County, Nevada, April 15th-




Firebreather POV


I put down the newspaper with a refound hope. Three years I've been running around aimlessly. Constantly avoiding those damn "Cryptid Hunters" and the PRT bullies.

But that might finally be over!

"New Wave huh? This is it! My chance!" I say to no one in particular.

The PRT only ever try and capture me. And regular people just treat me like a monster. But the Dallons adopted a Case 53! That means there are people out there who'll accept me!

I just need to make it there without getting caught. I can join New Wave and show everyone I'm not a monster! I'm just, human with extra flavoring!

"Brockton Bay! Here I come!" I shout excitedly as I unfurl my wings and take off from the radio tower I climbed up.

Just need to figure out where Brockton Bay is exactly. I know it's northeast.
'Eh, I can always find a map.'




-Seattle, Washington, April 20th-




Pinky POV


"Yes!" I shout quietly.

Melting the lock off the door with my acid, I make my way into the back of the grocery store.

I slip my way in, literally, and find a crate of freshly delivered fruit. Oranges!

"Oh man! Finally!" I squeal in delight.

I haven't eaten in days! Between avoiding people and the whole homelessness. My only friend and confidant died a few days ago in a skirmish between Frozone and The Underminer. So I've been left to fend for myself.

I've had, mild, success.

I waste no time stuffing the godsended food into my mouth. Relishing and savoring the feeling of just having something to fill my stomach other than the dull burning of an empty gut.

As I sit here in the dimly lit backroom of the grocery store. I can't help but start to feel sad. I only remember a few vague things about myself. And I only have a few months of actual memories. The first was running, so much running and scavenging.

Then I met miss Burke! And she gave me a name! She let me stay in her house and even taught me how to read!

Now she's gone. And I'm all alone again.

'No! Not here! Not now!' I think to myself. Tightening the lump in my throat.

My tears tend to be, extra acidy.

All I have left. Is a note with a number to call, in case anything happened to her. I already called it twice. No answer. Maybe one more time? My phone is almost dead anyways. And I don't have a way to charge it.

I go ahead and pull out my phone and dial the number.

Third times the charm.

…

…

"I knew it was too much to hope fo-"

"Tracy? What the hell? I thought you were done." The voice of a woman says.

A burst of hope explodes in my chest, and I have to keep myself from crying once again.

"U-um, this isn't Tracy." I start.

"You have twenty seconds to explain why you're calling from one of my burners or I hang up." The voice says sternly.

"She gave me this number to call and she's dead!" I say quickly, desperate to not lose the hope I just found.

The line is quiet for a while before I hear her again.

"Who are you?" She asks.

"Um, I'm not entirely sure. But my name is Pinky, or at least that's what miss Burke always called me. I-I just, I don't know. I'm just so alone. I don't know what to do right now." I choke out. "She just left me a number to call in case a-anything happened to her. I n-never thought I'd need to use it. Not so soon." I say, no longer able to hold in the tears welling up in my eyes.

They fall to the floor with soft *tss* sounds as they hit and melt holes into the concrete.

"Um, where are you?" She asks softly.

"I, I'm not really sure. Some, somewhere in Seattle." I say.

"Seattle Washington?" The lady asks.

There are other Seattle's?

"I guess?"

"Is there a tall building? A weird shaped one with a bulb at the top?" She asks.

"Yeah! Yeah there is! How'd you know?!" I ask excitedly.

"Okay, I'm going to send someone to come get you. They'll be at that building tomorrow at noon. Okay?"

'The space needle?' I think anxiously.

"Um, there're a lot, of people there. Can, can it be somewhere else?" I ask nervously.

"I don't think there'd be anywhere noteworthy that my guy can find you where there aren't a lot of people. Sorry, I know it'll be scary. But you have to trust me." She says.

*Beep*

(5% Battery Left)

'Miss Burke wouldn't have given me their number if they couldn't be trusted.'

"Okay, I'll be there. What's your name?"

"You can call me Faultline."




-San Diego, PRT Base, April 16th-




Gully POV


"And so, we've decided to promote Spire to team captain." The man across from me states.

'Again?!' I rage internally at the rejection.

"But Spire only has a year of experience! I have three! And I tested higher in the leadership exams!" I protest.

It's all in vain. They'll do this again, and again, and again. I'll never be leader. All because of my looks.
Can't have a hunchback freak acting as the face after all.

"I'm sorry. But the decision is final." He says. "Is there anything we can-"

"Stop." I say and stand up with a creak. "Just don't. I'll be heading back to my room."

He gives no word of protest as I shuffle out of the room. Making my way down the halls of Whetstone I can't help but feel isolated. The number of people who stare and idly slow when I approach. The way they try and fail to make it seem as though they aren't staring at me as I pass them.

I can literally feel the vibrations of the earth around me. I know when they stop and turn around. I'm used to it. But I hate that I am used to it.

"Hey Gully! Wait up!" I hear behind me.

Turning to the bronze armored man. I can't help but feel a little less disheartened.

"Tecton, sir." I say and give a salute.

He reaches me and stops a few feet away.

"Hey, I'm." He goes before giving a sigh. "I heard what happened. Again." He finishes softly.

Everett is the leader of the PRT here. And always goes out of his way to settle disputes and keep everyone together.

"I can't keep doing this. I have the skills Tecton. I have the experience and the drive. I just, why won't they give me a chance?" I say as I slouch. "Do you know what it's like? To constantly be rejected? Time and time again? And for something you have no control over?" I ask.

He gives a small nod, and I can imagine him pursing his lips in thought under his helmet.

"I, honestly can't say I do. Look, Gully, there's something I want to show you." He says and pulls out a phone from his pocket.

He opens it and presses play.

It's Kitsu. That other Case 53 the higher ups have been trying to recruit for years. With no success.

She's a member of New Wave?

"What's New Wave?" I ask.

"Just keep watching, I'll explain after the video." He says.

"I mean what made you join New Wave over the PRT? Haven't the PRT West been trying to recruit you for almost three years?" The lady clarifies.

"Because Mark was the first one to ask me how I was doing and offered me a family first, employment second. The PRT were only ever interested in my power, not my wellbeing or feelings." Kitsu says seriously.

After that line, Tecton took his phone back.

"New Wave was a popular movement back in the day. Just before the unwritten rules. Their whole thing was 'Capes without masks.' That if you wanted to play hero or villain, then you should take accountability for your actions." He explains. "They've stagnated in recent years. But their popularity is seeing something of a comeback with this latest exchange. Some of the higher ups don't think it'll last, but I can see the writing on the walls."

I'm not sure what to think about that. It sings to me on a certain level. But at the same time, what does that have to do with me?

"Why are you telling me this?" I ask.

"Gully, we both know that all you want, is to be a leader. And we both know the PRT won't ever give that to you." He says softly.

'I know, but to hear you of all people say it.' I think sadly.

It puts a sense of finality to it. Like, I could keep going, if only one person believed it was possible.
That one person just said it wasn't.

"But." He continues. "New Wave? They might have what you're looking for."

"Why are you telling me this?!" I snap, unable to hold down the boiling surge of emotions that've been piling up.

"Because, the PRT and the Wards are like a family to me. And I hate seeing any of you in pain." He says sternly. "Gully, you're not happy here. And honestly? I don't know if you ever will be. I just want you to know there are other options out there, it pains me to see you heartbroken all the time."

"So, you're saying I should quit? That I should throw away all these years of hardwork?!"

"Gully!" He yells.

We both stare at each other for a long time. By this point there's no one in the hall. They're all too scared of me to stick around.

"It kills me, every time. I want you to be happy, New Wave is recruiting. And after their debut of Kitsu, I can see a lot of Case 53's joining in the future. This is your chance." He explains softly.

I see where he's going. A team of people who I can relate to. And they'll need someone to lead all the new recruits. Especially if there's going to be a bunch of Case 53's.

But.

"What if they just treat me the same as everyone else?" I ask, getting a little choked up. "Kitsu is cute. I'm not."

"I'll pull some strings and keep your membership backlogged and on hiatus. You can return anytime you want. Until then." He says kindly and pulls out a card from his wallet.

"Use this to get you to Brockton Bay. After that, call me. There's about five grand on that card." He says and hands me a prepaid credit card.

He puts a hand up on my shoulder and I look down at him.

"Just remember. You're never alone, there will always be someone out there for you. Sometimes you just have to look." He says softly. "If you don't want to go. Then just keep the cash and spend it on whatever. Think of it as a gift."

I stand there, not knowing what to say as he walks off. So I say the only thing I can.

"Thank you!"




-Asylum East, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, April 13th-




Sveta Karelia POV


Searching through the PHO I look through and find all the info I can on Kitsu.

She showed up on my feed in a video of her and her girlfriend at a signing event. Oh the way they blushed at each other was precious!

I found her wiki page, which was oddly scarce in regards to her actual powers. But it was there I learned she has the power to control biology and lacks a Manton Limit with it! And not only that, she's now an official member of New Wave, and the foster child of the Dallons. Who have an adopted daughter who is also a biokinetic.

Maybe they can help me? I can't contact Panacea. Her PHO account is blocked to messages.

But Kitsu's account isn't!

I just finished sending a letter of introduction. Explaining that I'm a fellow Case 53 and would like to talk to her.

Maybe if I'm lucky she'll visit me and help me! I would give anything to just make it so I can walk outside again without endangering those around me.

*Kt*

"Sveta, your computer times up. It's time for your relaxation exercises." The kind voice of the nurse sounds out over the intercom.

"Okay." I say softly. "Let me log out real quick."

I move my tendrils deftly and log out before turning to the door.

'I just hope I can get a response soon.' I think to myself, but I don't dare to get my hopes up.



-Tremorton, Louisiana April 23rd-



Dr. Noreen Wakeman POV


*Clang* *Clang* *Clang*

"Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Look at this! You gotta see this!"

'There goes my quiet afternoon of reading.' I think to my self in exasperation.

As my daughter comes rushing in, bursting through the door, I can't help sigh in exhaustion.

"Jenny, what have I said about running?" I say rhetorically.

She rushes up to me and holds out her tablet for me to see. She holds it there for me. Seeing as it's reinforced and weighs nearly twenty pounds.

She presses play and starts the video.

It's a New Wave charity panel.

'New Wave is still around?' I think in mild interest. 'You'd have thought they'd die out after what happened to Fleur.'

I stay silent the video plays on. Then I see what she wanted me to see.

The little vulpine girl. Kitsu as she announces herself. And I can guess as to why she would show me this.

With a sigh I fold my reading glasses and set them down with my book.

"Jenny dear, we've been over this. The world is a cruel place, and it treats those different with an extra cruelty." I remind her.

"But mooooooom~ everybody loves her! Look, she's just like me! She even got taken in like me!" She whines and goes to a bookmarked page on her tablet.

It's her Wiki.

"Jenny, you know those websites can't be trusted." I say with a scoff. "I'm not having this discussion again."

"But!"

"No buts! You're not ready." I stand firm.

"When will I be ready then!? I'm almost an adult! And I haven't been outside in almost two years!" She screams with a stomp, shaking the room.

"Jennifer Wakeman! You will not take that tone with me in my house!" I say and stand up.

It hurts me to see the look of pain on her face. But I couldn't bear the thought of the look she'd have when the world chews her up. To see that pure innocence crushed. It would kill me.

She lets out a few oily tears and stomps off, shaking the room as she leaves. She slams the door behind her, and I can already tell it's going to need replaced by splintering crack it made.

After I hear her stomps take her back to her room, I go ahead and fall back down into my chair.

"Am I doing this right?" I ask myself quietly.

Parenting is not how I saw myself spending my retirement.




Jenny Wakeman POV


"Stupid mom, stupid rules, stupid world." I mutter to myself as I pace around my room. "You're not ready."

I stop and stare at myself in the mirror on my dresser. My sky blue metallic hair, my shiny steel skin. My cobalt, telescopic eyes.

I may look, different, but it can't be that bad! If hair dye would work I'm sure I'd be able to blend in with a crowd!

I look to my tablet that I'd thrown on my bed. And to the image of Kitsu. The number of inhuman differences between us are almost the same.

She has extended canines, I have shiny teeth. I have metallic hair, she has fox ears. I have telescopic eyes, she has cat eyes. I have metallic skin, she has a tail.

It's one to one! And people love her! They think she's adorable.

"No! No more!" I shout to myself. "If mom can't see that I'm ready, I'll show her I'm ready!" I resolve to myself.

And I know just where to go to do it!




-The Palanquin, Brockton Bay April 20th-




Newter POV


Stretching as I stand up and make my way to the fridge. Opening it and grabbing the jug of milk, I look around to make sure no ones watching before unscrewing the cap. I go to drink it when-

*BAMF*

"Newt, you got to see this." Nightcrawler says as he pops in on top of the fridge.

He looks down at me excitedly before giving me a flat stare. Having caught me about to drink from the jug.

"Really?" He asks and raises a brow. "Get a glass you heathen."

*BAMF*

He pops out and back in behind me and is now on the counter.

"Remember what happened last time? Some of your spit got mixed in and left poor little Ellie in an episode." He says disappointingly.

I roll my eyes and turn around, placing the jug on the counter as I go to get a glass from the cabinet.

"Yeah I know. What'd you wanna show me?" I say as I turn around.

Walking over to meet him I see what he's trying to show me. It's a PHO thread on Kitsu. Apparently she's trending after she was debuted to be a member of New Wave.

"Huh, good for her. Kid deserves a break." I say absentmindedly.

"Not that!" He says, his excitement forcing his German accent to show through. "Look at the comments!"

Looking through I see it's just a bunch of fangirling and hero worshiping. And someone calling Kitsu a mascot for the Case 53's.

'I dunno about the other 53's. But I know I didn't vote for her.' I think sarcastically.

"Okay, I'm lost here. What am I looking for?" I ask as I drink my milk.

He looks back to his phone and facepalms.

"Agh! Wrong tab!" He says and shows me the phone again.

It's a tabloid page. And it's talking about New Waves inclusion of a Case 53. But the headline is what catches my eye.

(New Wave recruiting again?)

"Okay, that's interesting. But I don't see what's got you jumping around." I say.

"Don't you get it? The comments and the articles? Kitsu is a Case 53. And they don't care!" He says excitedly. "People are finally opening up to us!"

"You mean they're opening up to Case 53 heroes. Doesn't mean they'll accept us. And even then, they only accept her because she's cute. If it was Gregor you know they wouldn't be saying the same things." I point out.

I hate being the downer. But Nightcrawler has a habit of getting his head stuck in the clouds. And with the boss lady out on an errand run, and Gregor interviewing a new personal shopper. The role of straight man falls to me.

"You don't know that. Besides, maybe, we, could be heroes? Set an example, like Kitsu! We could sho-"

"We could what? Give up on everything we built here? Leave Gregor? Leave Ellie? Spit on everything Melanie's done for us?" I say seriously. "And besides that, we both have criminal records."

"So did Kitsu! And look at where she is now!" He points out.

"Kitsu is a preteen. You and I are late teens at best, young adults at worst. I doubt they'd be as forgiving." I say as I set my glass down. "Besides, we're technically villains. Do you really want to throw away everything we have here?"

"No, it's just. I'm, I'm tired Newt. Tired of hiding, tired of running around from city to city doing jobs. I want to go outside and not have to worry about people screaming and calling the PRT. I just thought, maybe." He trails off, looking to the side as he curls into himself on the counter.

"Look, Night, bro. I get it, I do. But our die's been cast man. Not much we can do about it other than move forward. No point looking back." I say and grab the jug to put it back up.

"Heuchler." He spits out. "All you ever do is look back."

I turn back to him. And nearly flinch at the pointed glare he's sending me.

"What? Is it so wrong that I want to know who I am?" I ask defensively.

*BAMF*

"You mean who you were. It's been so many years, vas does it even matter anymore?" He says behind me.

'What the hell?!'

I swing around to confront him. Only to come face to face with him.

We stare at each other for a long moment before Night backs away.

"I'm sorry. I, got a little heated there." He says as he looks away. "I just, I think I need a nap."

"Night, bro-" I say to try and stop him.

*BAMF*

Damn.

*Click*

"Newter! Where's Nightcrawler? I need him to go pick someone up." I hear the boss lady say.

Turning to the entrance of the kitchen. I give her an flat look.

"You have shit timing." I say and pop the cap to the milk. Downing it as I walk to my room.




Nightcrawler POV


Swinging in my hammock, I can't help but reflect. Newter says not to look back. But that's all we ever do. Search for the past.

I'm grateful for all that Ms. Fitts has provided for us. This group has become a family to me. But we all yearn for something we don't have. In my case? I guess I'm just jealous of Kitsu. She found a family and gets accepted by the public.

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

"Nightcrawler! I need you to pick someone up! It's important!"

*BAMF*

I open the door and lean on the frame.

"Vas?" I ask.

"I know it's short notice, but I need you to pick up a Case 53 from Seattle Washington. She's homeless and it's only a matter of time before something happens." Melanie says quickly.

'Another Case 53? Wonder what her deal is.' I think idly.

"Alright, what's she look like? And when?" I ask.
We 53's tend to land in one of two categories. We're either lucky and get picked up by people who help us.

Or we run into trouble and wind up villains.

"Midday, tomorrow." She says. "And she's pink. That's all I can give you."

I stand there in disbelief. She knows I can only teleport where I can see. And that teleporting long distance takes effort.

"Alright, I'll get going right away." I say and turn to the window.

Looking out, I teleport to the tallest building. And from there pop to its roof.

I stand here for a moment in the early morning. Staring out at the sunset. I pull out my phone and look to the picture of Kitsus' smiling face.
If I bring the girl back to the Palanquin. She'd get a loving and supportive family. But she'll be stuck like me and the rest. Never allowed to walk outside freely again. She'll be labeled a villain without a choice.
But if she were to be dropped off with New Wave?
I may not be able to live a normal life. And neither will she. But I can at least ensure it's a life not stuck in the dark.

The rest will understand. And if they don't? Well.

*BAMF*

I'll deal with that when it comes.




-New York City, April 24th-




Anthony Stark POV


Staring at the holographic monitor I can't help but fantasize over what could be.

It's been months since I was kidnapped and triggered. I managed to make it back to the states. But I keep getting that itching feeling. Like I need a cigarette. Only instead of smoking, I need to build. The suit I made had fallen apart. And it was a miracle I found myself as close to civilization as I did. Another day wandering the desert and I'd have died.

But that's besides the point. I need to build again. But I don't care for the politics the government plays. It's the whole reason I abstained. But that temptation is itching me from the inside out. And more often than not I find myself in my garage, staring at the machinery.

"New Wave huh?" I think as I look at the trending group.

'Might just be the answer.'




-Brockton Bay, April 13th-




Max "Kaiser" Anders POV


'Damnit!' I think as I stare at the video in front of me.
There goes any hope of getting Kitsu into the Empire.
Joining New Wave was one thing. They're mostly Aryan anyway. But becoming a member of the LGBT? My men would never be okay with her joining.

Not that I realistically ever thought she would. Not after how she said no the first time. But you miss a hundred percent of the shots you don't take. Just take away the extra features, and Kitsu is the picture of Aryan heritage. It's just a shame she couldn't be swayed over.

The potential of a self trump is limitless.

"Oh well. At least Hookwolf will be happy." I say to no one in particular.




-Brockton Bay, Downtown, April 16th, 4:30pm-




Kitsu POV


I've been running all around the downtown area after school let out. Chris had come back today and looked as though he just got laid by the girl of his dreams. Turns out that for the entire week he been locked up in his lab. Unwilling to leave and going through the PRT's supply of coffee.

When he came back today, he had given me two little clips. They look like slim hearing aids. He explained that they can run for a month without needing to be charged. Unless I connect the bluetooth feature to play music. Then they'll last a few days.

They hook around and clip to the outside base of my ears. They're nearly invisible there, though they are a little uncomfortable. Like when you have the tag of a shirt still on. You get used to it eventually, but every now and then, you move in a way that reminds you it's still there.

Back to now!

I've been zipping around and roof hopping all over. Simply enjoying being able to listen to music. I've been jumping up and nose diving to Aerosmith songs for the past ten minutes. Only to swerve as an aurora of lights carry me across the streets before I hit the ground.

The music has been really helping me with my illusions. It's just so much easier to picture things now!

*Brzzt*

I stop myself as I land on the roof and turn off my music.

Checking my phone I see it's Missy!

(On patrol. Wanna hang out?)-M

I can already imagine her blushing face and shy smile as she texted that.

(SURE! Where u at? :D)-K

…

(By Rosemary park, by a starbucks with Carlos)-M
That's about a minute from here for me.

Running and jumping along the rooftops I soon get close to the park. Though I'm not near the Starbucks. So I run around said park on the buildings that surround it till I spot the coffee shop. With a familiar red suited teen and adorable green dressed girl in front of it.

I focus my ears to hear what they're saying.

"So, no response?" Carlos says.

Missy shoots him a pouty glare.

"If there was, you'd know." She hisses.

I go ahead and drop down from the building, bending my knees with the fall. And speed over, dodging around the civilians, and glomp Missy.

"VISTA!" I say as I squeeze her.

"AAIIIAaagh!" She screams out. "Kitsu! Stop doing that!"

I nuzzle her side, rubbing my cheek against her as I take in her subtly sweet scent.

"Never! You're too cute when you're spooked." I say and lean up to kiss her cheek.

I miss a little and catch the side of her lips. Not quite a real kiss. But it's enough to freeze my girlfriend in place.

"Kitsu~" She whines softly. "We're in public. And I'm working."

"Didn't stop you." I say cheekily.

Though it's a false bravado as my face is burning as much as hers.

'Just a little more over and I'd have actually kissed her!' I think in a mix of anxiety and excitement.

"Well, you were right about me knowing." Carlos says awkwardly.

Which reminds me.

"Hey Aegis, real quick can I see your hand?" I ask.
He stares for second before answering with one eye cocked.

"Why?" He draws out.

"I wanna see inside you." I say with a smile.

He just stares at me and I hear Missy's heart slow down.

"What?" I ask.

"Um, can you clarify?" He asks.

"I want to use my biokinesis to look at your genetics and see if I can replicate any of it." I explain.

"Okay you see that, that's a lot less creepy and suggestive." He says and flips a few latches on the brace to remove the gauntlet.

I grab his hand and look in.

Looking around I find, nothing. Nothing at all. He's a basic bitch human. The only difference is his adrenal system is on. Like, at a constant state and staying out of his brain.

"What the heck?" I say, mildly upset. "I thought your body was filled with redundancies! Why can't I see anything!"

"Because I don't have redundancies, I develop them as needed. Once I'm healthy they go away." He says.

"Okay, sure." I say and let go of Missy. "How does that make sense?"

He just shrugs and puts his gauntlet back on.

'I'll just wait till you're Injured.' I think to myself. 'Then see what you're about.'

"Um, so Kitsu. Do you maybe, wanna get coffee?" Missy asks awkwardly.

"Pfft. I'm sorry, that had zero game." Carlos snorts.

I illusion a rock and throw it at him. He catches it flawlessly, but I wasn't aiming to hurt him.

"Hey! Only I get to tease her." I say and hug her arm. "Besides, had enough game for me! Yes Vista, I would like to get a coffee."

I stick my tongue out at Carlos and pull Missy into the Starbucks.

"Wait, I don't have any money on me." I say as I stop.

"Th-that's fine. I have a fund from the PRT to cover lunches while on patrol." Vista says.

I stand there, contemplating the ethics of it. On one hand, it's Vista's money. But on the other, it's the PRT's money.

"Are you sure? I can just head back home and grab some money." I say seriously.

"No it's fine. Besides, it resets at the end of the month so it's a use it or lose it kind of thing." She says with a shake of her head.

"Alright, you've convinced me." I say quickly.

She gives a little giggle and I nuzzle her arm. She has a cute laugh.

We make our way to the front where a barista looks down at us. She gains a look of recognition and puts her hands up to cover mouth as she squeals. She's Caucasian with short brown hair and brown eyes.

"Oh my gosh! I can't! I just, eeeee!" She squeals. "Can I please get a picture of you two? You two are just so cute together and my friends will never believe me if I don't!"

I just shrug, I enjoy the attention. Though looking over and up at Missy. I can tell she's not entirely comfortable with it.

"I'm okay with it if you are." I say softly.

"Fine, sure." She says after a little pause.

"We don't mind! But no flash. Seriously." I tell the lady, Clementine by her badge.

"Okay, real quick, I swear." She says and goes to take a picture.

Glancing up I see Missy is putting on a fake smile. So, I lean up and kiss her cheek as the lady takes the picture.

"Oh my god, that was perfect!" She squeaks out.
"She is, isn't she." I say and watch as Missy's blush further covers her skin.

'Revenge for the signing!' I think victoriously. 'You make me feel all fluttery and embarrassed, I make you feel all fluttery and embarrassed.'

"Um, I uh, I'll have a white chocolate macchiato, Iced." She stutters out.

"Salted caramel cappuccino." I say simply.

After paying we go to take our seats. It sounds like there's a street race going on outside. But Aegis can handle that.

"How about a booth?" I suggest.

"What about your tail?" Missy asks.

"Don't worry about it." I say with a wave and drag her to a window seat.

"Here, you go first." I say. She does so and slides in.

I slide in after her and bring my legs up to twist my body so that I lean on her and keep my tail free.
She squeaks awkwardly and just nuzzle up to her. Enjoying her adorable shyness.

"So, how was your day?" I ask.

"Huh?"

"Your day. Tell me about it." I repeat.

"Oh, there's not much to tell." She says with a shrug.

"But I wanna know!" I whine. "Tell me about yourself. You already know a lot about me. Now it's my turn!"

"W-well, I went to school. Had a few classes. Went home, and now here I am." She says unsurely.

"C'mon! There's gotta be more! Anything interesting happen? Anyone annoying who got on your nerves?" I prod.

"Well, your picture is now in the LGBT's clubroom." She says with a blush.

'Okay?' I think to myself.

"Um, why? And if there'd be any LGBT capes on the wall. Why wouldn't it be Legend? Or Amy?" I ask.

"Well, we don't know who Legends husband is, much less have a picture of them together." She explains slowly.

'Why woul- oooooohh.'

"The picture is us at the signing isn't it?" I ask simply.

Just as she's about to say something.

"Vista and Kitsu!" She gets cut off.

And as I'm about to get up and get our orders.

*Smash*

Aegis is flying through the window.

Instinctually enhancing my perception, I curl my tail up and around Missy and activate my zero knockback to protect her from the glass.

"What the heck Aegis?! You had one job!" I shout at him as he crashes into the counter.

'Better not have ruined my cappuccino.'

He gets up and out from the counter he smashed into. Looking not even winded.

"In my defense. He snuck up on me." Aegis says.

"Who?!" I ask angrily and look to the street.

Just in time to see a white haired guy stomp his boot on the table. Red tank top and red leather pants.

"None other than the missionary of cocaine himself. Feel the heat of ecstasy as you now have to contend with me. The electrifying SNOWFLAME!"

…

'What the fuck?'
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus




Thomas "Coil" Calvert POV


This is, less than ideal.

Had I known that the fallout of waiting to see what Kitsu would do was going to lead to this? An influx of capes heading to the city for various reasons. I would've captured her when I had the chance and dropped her on another continent.

Now I have more factors to calculate and account for.

All the algorithms and previous reports of Kitsus' behavior suggested she'd have left the city by now. Instead she's here to stay and is drawing in capes to her by the handful.

Something needs to be done. And soon. But not too soon. First, the right moment needs to be found.

'Maybe another Fleur incident can put things back on track?' I think to myself before dashing the idea. 'No, that's already happened. If that was enough of a deterrent then New Wave wouldn't be making a comeback.'

What's needed is something, new. A new deterrent.
But what? The majority of individuals making their way over are Deviants. But-

"That's it!" I say to myself quietly.

'The public just need to be reminded of how monstrous, and dangerous they are. And there's a neat little Case 53 spotted in the Amazon that would be perfect!'

I press the intercom to ring up one of my men.

*Kt*

"What's needed?"

"Acquire any men with experience and expertise in poaching and jungle navigation. And use the supply card to procure electrically insulated equipment. The rest of the details will be given after said resources are acquired." I say lift my finger off the button.

It's a setback, an obstacle. But all obstacles can be overcome with enough time and resources.




BONUS 2




Wade "Communication Guru" POV


One of the reasons I programed such a high end phone for Kitsu?

It acts a mobile keypoint, connecting to various cell towers and giving me backdoor access to them. And she recently just connected to a new device.

One that just so happens to have a peculiar backdoor already in place. Scouring the code, I discover that the device has a remote kill switch. Upon activation it'll overload the frequency dampener. Reversing it and blasting a high-pitched frequency.

Judging from the data? The decibels emitted would be enough to give someone instant tinnitus from across a room.

For Kitsu?! The pain such a thing could cause would leave her unconscious from the pain.

Feeling an uncomfortable amount of irritation, I go ahead and personally backtrack the connection.

…

…

…

…

"Damn, whoever made this code knows what they're doing."

…

!

"There we go." I say in satisfaction.

Looking through the data and schematics I can't keep the grin off of my face.

"Well well well, Armsy you've been a bad boy!"

'Kitsu, any and all debt you owe me is now and forever paid.' I think to myself as I look through the code of Armsmasters suit.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N
Vas means what. It's spelled was, but is pronounced v-ah-s. And heuchler is the male term for hypocrite.

A huge thanks to Sarah2cold. She helped me flesh this out and gave me a bunch of ideas on how to write this moving forward.


I have snowflame's dialogue bookmarked. It is not easy to recreate fluidly.
Seriously. That one line was rewritten three times.


QUESTIONS!

FOR NEWB
.
FOR KITSU
.
Akiralator: I forget with how cute and fluffy you are that you've killed people. How many?

Kitsu: I'unno. More than a hundred, less than a thousand? I genuinely never kept track.

Akiralator: I dare you to convince someone you're a cat, not a fox.

Kitsu: Some people already confuse me for a cat. No thanks.

RadChaos897: You and Missy are so cute!

Kitsu: Thanks! I have no clue what I'm doing! I'm just treating her like a normal friend, just with extra cuddles and kisses.




As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas moving forward.


Link to the discord server: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro

Find me in the channel newb's-grotto
​
Last edited: Apr 14, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt, JetTheKnight and 290 others
Newb to the game
Apr 12, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 26 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Apr 14, 2024
Add bookmark
#228
A/N Snowball firefight.
Alt title: The new recruit!
.
Why is it that every time I get writers block, I pull out a gem?

-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-Starbucks, Downtown, 5pm-




Kitsu POV


'What the fuck?' I think angrily.

This eighties reject just interrupted my Missy time! I only get that when she patrols and every other weekend! And my free coffee!

"And now! You see! I will enact upon you the righteous fury that is-!"

I don't let him finish as I grab his leg and throw him back into the street. Aegis flies out after him and I grab Missy in a princess carry and jump out to a nearby roof.

"Okay, you stay here an-"

"No!" She says and pushes off of me. "I can help! I'm not some child that-"

I go ahead and let her rant, after she's done a few seconds later. I point to the cars that are circling the park and tearing through it.

"Stay here and deal with them. While I help Ca-Aegis with Dr. Rockso. You're a long to mid range fighter, I'm a short range fighter with mid range capabilities."

She blushes and brushes a strand of hair behind her ear.

"O-oh, right. Sorry, for yelling." She says quietly.
I bounce up on my heels and give her a quick smooch on her chin.

"You can make it up to me later." I say and give a wink, enhancing my perception to thoroughly enjoy the way her face lights up.

I run over and hop off the roof. Making platforms to course correct my position. Carlos has Snowflame in a full nelson, but Snowflame uses his larger size and plants a foot on the ground just behind Carlos. He then uses that flip Aegis over and off him.

He recovers quickly, but not before I drop down and plant my two feet down on his shoulder from about thirty feet up.

I actually weighed myself a bit ago! I'm forty three pounds. So that's forty three pounds being dropped straight onto his shoulder.

*Crack*

'Eugh!' I mentally shiver at the sound.

I kick to the side and somersault back onto the ground. I look up just in time to see him pop his shoulder back in place.

"Dude, doesn't that hurt?" I ask in disgust.

"That's the glory of it! My god frees me of such petty concerns! Through his grace he grants me a view into pleasures unknown!" He says as he catches Aegis's fist without looking. "Pain means nothing to me!"

He then twists Aegis's wrist and brings a hand up to his elbow and snaps his arm.

"Argh! C'mon man, that's my writing hand!" Aegis says, sounding as though he just stubbed his toe.

'So that's two people who can work around pain. Great.' I think tiredly.

I run over to the street, stop in front of one the racing cars and activate my zero knockback.

It slams into me, slightly bending the bumper but nothing else. It looks like a muscle car with side exhausts and spikes on the top.

"I'm borrowing this!" I say and go to lift it.

On for the bumper to snap off the moment it gets an inch off the ground.

'This works.' I think to myself.

I rush back over to where Aegis is gut punching Snowflame. Who just lifts him up and batman bane's him.

As in he brought him down and snapped his back over his knee like a kitkat bar.

He tosses Aegis behind him and turns to me.

"You might as well step back girly. You're not ready to face the emissary of cocaine!"

"The only thing stepping back is your hairline old man!" I say and run forward with my car bumper/club.

He goes to catch it but Aegis sneaks up behind him and pulls his arm back. I take the opening and swing the bumper down with enough force to curl it around his shoulder.

I illusion a bar lock to hold it in place as I swing around and twist the bumper to hold his arms down. Aegis stepping back to allow me to do so.

"You think this will hold me?! I-"

Not giving him time, I grab him in order to shut off his motor neurons.

I grab his wrist and begin to work, only, my thoughts are slowing. I still shut his system down. But I feel oddly calm and energetic. Like I wanna move, but I can focus on things better.

I feel like I just drank five expressos and just kissed Missy on the lips! This is awesome!

'Speaking of.'

I look to Aegis, who is staring between me and Snowflame.

"You good here? I'mma go help my girlfriend bye!" I say and run over to the street.

Looking around I see that she has two of the five cars stopped and inoperable.

A truck that's on its side, and a sedan that's stuck on a power line that's bent down to stab the car. The muscle car is currently doing donuts as it's going up the road. There's a lowriding truck that's still freely driving around. And a beetle that keeps driving through the trees in the park. Every time it tries to leave the park it finds itself driving back in.

"Missy, you are terrifying." I say softly.
And the muscle car is spitting flames out of its exhaust now. Good thing it's driving up into the pond.

And now it's in the pond.

Three out of five.

I go ahead rush into the park. Grab one of the fallen trees and rush over to where the truck is driving on the side walk, luckily the people have enough sense to dodge. I illusion a wall to try and stop it or make the driver swerve back into the road. Only for the illusion to shatter as it busts right through it.

I forget that their durability boils down to reinforced glass sometimes.

I go to the middle of the road and kick a manhole out of its spot. Then I set the tree down on the road in the hole. I run over in front of the truck, grabbing people and tossing them aside. The truck hits me and like with the muscle car. Barely takes a dent.

I run over to the car door and yank it open as the guy puts the car in reverse. He looks to me and pulls out a gun as he switches to drive.

"Hi! Can I dri-ack!"

One of the bullets went in my mouth!

I spit it out and, grabbing the wheel, I drive the car to the street and into the tree. The tree bends over in the hole and snaps a bit, lifting the truck up off of its front wheels. I go ahead and grab the guys face to shut off his motor neurons. After that I speed out and yank the back tires off of the truck. Rooting it in place.

'Hey, tree pun.' I think in mild amusement.

I run back to the front seat and turn off the car.
Four out of five.

*Crash*

Looking over to the sound, I see the beetle smash into a line of parking blocks all squished together to make one super dense parking block. After that they all warp around the car to form a ring, boxing it in.
All together, Rosemary park looks like a surrealist painting. With one of the roads driving up and into the pond. The park it's self looks like a green starry night. And the side of the road converging in on itself to form a ring of yellow parking blocks around the Beetle.

I hear a series of small pats getting closer from behind me. Turning around I see Velocity run up and stop behind me.

"Sorry I took so long. Wasn't in costume. Where's the cape?" He asks.

"Already taken care of." I say simply. "Please don't tell me you're the only one they sent?"

He ruffles a bit at that, gaining a bit of a frown.

"What's wrong with me? And no, Miss Militia is on her way. And Armsmaster is dealing with a situation at the docks."

"What about the rest?" I ask. "Hang on." I say and run over to the Starbucks.

Looking around the counter I find me and Missy's drinks, luckily still okay as they were on the end not crushed by Aegis. I resist the urge to throw a table as I see mine.

(Keetzoo)

I ignore it and take the drinks with me. I rush over and give Missy hers. She takes and before she can say anything I plant a kiss on her cheek before running off back to Velocity.

"Okay, you were saying?" I say and sip my cappuccino.

"I was about to say that I'm not at liberty to say." He says sarcastically.

I down my cappuccino and toss it behind me.

"Tool." I say before speeding back to Missy who is currently stepping off the buildings and onto the sidewalk.

I run up to her and hug her again. Nuzzling her shoulder as she almost trips on the sidewalk.

"Kitsu! I almost spilled my drink!" She shouts slowly.
I just continue to nuzzle her.

"I'm sorry!" I say. "But I wanna hang out with you! Come on, we're done here so let's go!"

I start tugging on her arm again.

"We can go to a movie or the arcade now! I finally have those hearing aids so we can enjoy more things together and go on date and be actual girlfriends!" I say excitedly.

"Kitsu, slow down! Now is not the time. Are you alright?" She says and asks.

"In order, you need to speed up, it is always the time, and I feel great!" I say.

"Kitsu, your eyes are super thin." She says.

"Yes, my eyes tend to be like that. I am a Case 53." I say irritably.

You'd think she'd know not to just point out my features.

"No, I mean you're eyes are super dilated." She says.

"That makes no sense! Then they'd be round!" I shout.

She flinches at my volume and I start to feel bad.

"I'm sorry! I didn't mean to shout I just upset and you kept pressing the issue and I don't want you to be upset. Please don't be upset, I'll let you pet my tail! How about that!" I say in a panic and move myself closer to her, curling my tail around for her to pet.

"Kitsu, I think-" She starts reluctantly.

"I know you like it~ you're always staring~" I tease, enjoying the way she's now blushing and stuttering out denials and excuses.

I'd normally never do this. My tail is very sensitive and letting someone touch it is a very intimate thing for me. I don't even let Mark touch it without permission.

'Wait.' I think in realization.

I pull my tail away and pull out my phone. Switching to the camera I check my reflection.

'Holy shit! My eyes are like needles!'

Using my biokinesis I look inside my self and realize what's going on.

I'm high off my ass on speed.

This is probably the fifth time in my life that I've been on coke, so I know how to purge it. Just one problem.

There's no coke in my system! I'm just displaying the symptoms without the cause! This is bullshit!

"Missy? Sorry to cut you off but I just realized that for some reason I'm high on cocaine right now. There's nothing in me to make me this way so I can only assume it's a power at work." I say. "I'm going to knock myself out now to keep me from embarrassing myself further, but before that."

I press myself to her, wrapping my arms around her and hold her tight as I give her a long kiss on her cheek.

"You did amazing work. And I hope we can have a real date soon. I'm going home now." I say and run.
Enjoying the thrill of running and jumping, I force myself to maintain focus on the task of heading home.

I still remember what happened last time I was not in my right mind. And I have zero intent on going through a repeat.

I burst through the door and into my room. Flopping onto my bed, I then force my pineal gland to overload my body with melatonin. I felt [Conduit] push back a bit on me messing with something in my brain, but they relented after a bit. And in a minute I'm out.




Steve "The Mechanic" Pappagallo POV


Spying from the Starbucks, I pull out a tape recorder a few moments after the little fox girl left.

"Note to self, add amphibious capabilities to avoid waterlogging, reserve tires for if the main ones get ripped off, electrifying outer mesh to deter car jockeys, and add cords through the bumpers to avoid losing those." I say and get up.

Walking past the counter I grab a coffee for someone named Charles.

"I'm Charles." I say to the like, three people still in here.

Stepping out I make way down the street to where I parked car in an alley. Getting in I down the coffee and toss it out the door before turning the car on.

'Wonder how Joey's handling his part.' I idly wonder.




Hannah "Miss Militia" POV


Making it to the scene in a PRT squad car. I hop out and survey the area.

Besides the trees being ruined and, the coffee shop window being blown out, and the skid marks everywhere. There's surprisingly little damage.
Walking over to where Aegis is cuffing the man in red. I idly note that Vista is off to the side just a few feet down, sitting on the sidewalk with a dopey grin and a small blush. She looks over and stands up upon noticing me.

"Miss Militia, ma'am! We were just wrapping up here. The cape is apprehended and all the drivers as well." She says as she turns serious. "The cars are being clamped and toed as we speak!"

"Good job. Where are Kitsu and Velocity?" I ask.

"Velocity is running around and assessing the damage. Kitsu went home, something about being high and unable to get rid of it." Aegis says as he carries the unconscious man.

'That makes very little sense.' I think in concern.

"Can you clarify on that?" I ask.

"Um, she was talking very fast, she was fidgety and her eyes were very constricted." Vista answers with a small blush.

"I had to tell her that word!" Aegis shouts back teasingly as he puts the cape in the back of the squad car.

"Hush!" She shouts to him. "Anyway, other than that she explained that she was under the effects of cocaine and that it was likely a power that was causing it. So she ran home to sleep it off before she did anything reckless." She finishes.

"That's, rather odd. But nothing that can't be addressed later. You two did remarkably well here." I note with a nod of approval.

"In all honesty ma'am. It was pretty much four fifths Kitsu and Vista." Aegis replies. "All I did was act as a glorified punching bag for coke man over here."

I turn to the young man and prepare to cheer him up.

*rrrrRRRRRRMMMM*

Before dodging out of the way as a red and brown armored muscle car runs through and slams into the squad car.

Looking over I see that the squad car is busted in two and Aegis's armor is busted on the right side. Mangling both his right arm and leg.

The passenger door pops open and I get up, calling on the green energy and forming a rifle to pop the tires. As soon as the bullets punctures the rubber it leaks a liquid that seals it almost immediately.

"Shit!" I say as I circle the car to get a view of what's happening.

*Kchrt*

Only to get blasted with black smoke as soon as I try and move.

Moving out of the smoke, I wipe my eyes just in time to watch the car drive off.

And for the captured cape to be missing from the squad car.

Putting a finger to the wireless communicator, I radio to all nearby PRT.

"This is Miss Militia, suspect fleeing north from Rosemary park driving a red and brown armored muscle car. No license plate, be warned, possible Tinker and another unknown cape inside. Velocity if you're hearing this get over here now."

"Vista, how's she?" Aegis coughs out. "Ah, still not used to having my lungs turn off. Need to manually breathe in to talk. Oh, both my lungs are punctured sooo~ mind calling Panacea?"

I ignore the last bit in favor of looking for the child.
Turning around frantically I see her laying prone half way towards the pond. A good fifty feet away from the street. And her right leg is bent and mangled.

"Vista! Vista can you hear me?!" I say as run over and slide on the grass to kneel beside her.

"It hurts!" She cries softly, clenching the grass.

She's sniffling and crying in a way that tells me she's trying to hold back her tears.

"You're going to be fine. I know it hurts but don't worry. We'll get Panacea over here as soon as possible." I say as I rip the legging on her broken leg to make sure there's no bleeding.

'Damn.' I think pityingly.

Her calf and ankle are bruised purple. And I can tell by the minute bends and juts in her leg that her tibia and fibula are shattered. It looks like she tried to jump out of the way by squishing the distance between the pond and herself. But she wasn't fast enough.

"Vista, does anything else hurt?" I ask.

"My, my other foot." She cries.

I can do nothing as I sit here and comfort the girl who got her legs run over as I await backup.




-Later, 7 pm-




Kitsu POV


Waking up with a yawn. Glad I don't have any headaches or fatigue. Though someone is shaking me.

Looking over, I see it's Mark.

"Daaad~" I whine. "What are you doing?"

"I've been trying to wake you up for half an hour! Missy is in the hospital." He says.

I tune out everything else as it takes me a few seconds before I register what he just said. But the moment I do I throw myself up and immediately race out the door.

I race my way to the hospital and burst through the door. Following the signs to the hero ward, dodging patients and staff alike. I burst in and find Missy on a bed, talking to a nurse and Amy.

"Missy! I'm sorry!" I say as I rush to her bedside. "What happened? Are you paralyzed? Anemic? Incontinent? I can fix all that!" I ask in a panic.

"Yeah, because I'm totally not here." Amy says sarcastically.

I stare at her for a bit before I realize what she means.

"Oh, right." I say with a blush. "Still! What happened?!"

"I got run over by Mechanic. He broke Snowflame out and got away." Missy says sadly.

'Note to self. Turbo murder the fuck out of Mechanic when I find him.' I think.

"We were just talking. Did you know I'm the only lesbian she knows? Because apparently I am." Amy ribs at Missy who blushes at the call out.

"Okay, what's she doing?" I point to the nurse.

"She's pretending to check vitals while eavesdropping." Amy says with a shrug.
Missy starts blushing harder and I just stare at the nurse.

"Hey, we're all overworked here. Sometimes doing mindless menial tasks and listening in on patient drama is the only break and entertainment we can get." She says shamelessly.

Choosing to ignore her I turn to my girlfriend.

"So you're fine?" I ask.

"Pretty much." She says with a shrug. "Just waiting on one of my parents to come pick me up."

"Oh, in that case." I say and climb up into the bed.
I crawl under the covers to get ready and cuddle her.

"Kitsu! I'm in a gown, and people are watching!" She protests with a crack in her voice.

"Don't care." I say as I pop up and start nuzzling my head to her neck.

I curl my tail up and drape it over her. It's probably a better blanket anyway.

I move her arm over my shoulder in a half spoon cuddle. Laying my head on her chest as I hear her heart thud.

"Kitsu." Missy groans. "This is embarrassing!"

"If you want me to stop. Say something now." I say simply.

She doesn't, and in fact just pulls me closer.

'That's what I thought.' I think smugly.

"Pretty sure that's not allowed." The nurse says.

"Feel free to stop'em. Fair warning though, Kitsu can make explosions out of her hands." Amy remarks. "And I've seen her rip a guys arm off."

I ignore them and continue to enjoy my cuddle time. I only have until her parents come to pick her up. And I'm still sleepy from my earlier melatonin dump.

"Just so you know." Amy says "The only reason I'm not taking a picture is because it'd be against doctor patient confidentiality."




Missy "Vista" Biron POV



She is so soft and warm!

And I love it!

Amy and the nurse headed out a little bit ago.L
Leaving me alone with the excitable love of my life.
I bring a hand up to scratch her ears and enjoy the way she moans and presses her head against my hand.

The way her tail is slapping me reminds me of earlier when she offered to let me pet it. A large part of me wishes I would've just accepted the offer.

It's just so fluffy and warm! And the way her butt wiggles with it leaves me feeling all warm and wanting to just-

'No! Bad thoughts! Not while she's right here!' I chastise myself.

I just content myself to squeeze her a little tighter.

"Let's pick up where we left off." Kitsu says suddenly.
"What do you mean?" I ask.

She peers up with those gorgeous eyes. Now more circular and oval as compared to the almost straight lines they were before.

"From the coffee shop. How was your day?" She asks.

"There really isn't much to say. You already got the highlights." I tell her awkwardly.

I still remember the poster of Kitsu kissing me.
"Well, tell me some things about yourself then. I wanna know more about my girlfriend." She says cheerfully before leaning up to plant a kiss on my chin.

'I love you so much.' I think to myself as my heart aches.

I'm trying to think of something to tell her. But I'm drawing nothing but blanks. She's too distracting!

"Uh, well. I like to go swimming. That's always fun for me." I say.

She smiles and nuzzles my chest affectionately.

"See~ there is more to know!" She says triumphantly before her smile starts to fall and she gets up. "Though that seems to be all we get."

'What!? No! Come back! I want my adorable little snuggle bug!' I desperately whine to myself.
She slides off the bed and stands to the side just in time for the door to open and my dad to walk in with a backpack.

"Alright Missy I'm here with a spare set of- who's this?" He asks.

My dad doesn't keep up with the news unless it's sports.

"Hi! I'm Kitsu! I'm dating your daughter!" Kitsu just blurts out.

'Stoooooooop~' I groan to myself as I fight to keep my blush down.

My dad just stares for a second before responding.

"Riiiigghht. Anyway, Missy I got your spare clothes and I already signed you out." He says and tosses the bag to me. "Hey a, Katesoo? You mind stepping out so my daughter can get changed?"

"Sure." She says and walks out. "Bye Missy, see you later!"

"Stay safe!" I shout back to her.

My dad tosses the backpack towards me before taking the curtain and sliding it shut to give me privacy.

I annoyingly note that he forgot my underwear. Nothing I can do now. Just have to be careful with my sundress.

I need to talk with Kitsu about expanding my wardrobe. It's all sundresses, tee shirts and skirts.
I never cared for fashion. But Kitsu does, and Amy was nice enough to fix all my scars when I asked! So I don't have to hide anything for when Kitsu wants to dress me up.

If Kitsu wants to dress me up. I'm built like a rectangle; mom says I'm just a late bloomer and that I'll look like her given enough time. Meanwhile Kitsu looks like a smaller Vicky.

'Is it bad that I'm jealous of my girlfriend?' I ask myself. 'Or is this just one of those things that make me Bi? I really need to find someone who can answer these questions.'

"So who was that kid?" My dad asks.

"My girlfriend. And her name is Kitsu, not Katesoo" I say as I step out. "And you forgot my underwear!"

"Don't they let you keep those on? And I'm being serious." He says.

They do, but mine were, dirty.

"One, I am being serious. Two, I was hit by an armored, car! I couldn't exactly hold it in." I mutter at the end.

"Okay! Jeez, sorry. Next time include that in the text." He says. "And I thought you were straight? When'd you turn gay?"

"I'm Bi! And we've been dating about a week and a half now." I say angrily as I step out from the curtain.

He moves to the door and opens it. And I follow him out and around the winding corridor. The exit is intentionally meant to be overly long so that we wind up exiting from a different section of the hospital. That way no one can put two and two together and realize that the blonde girl with a green visor that got carted in and the blonde girl in a pink dress that walks out the same doors an hour later are the same person.

"So, how old is she? I'm shit at guessing ages but she looks a good bit younger than you." My dad says.

"Actually she's about a week older. We're the same age but her birthdays on the ninth." I answer.

We make our way to the car and I slide into the passenger seat.

"Does she treat you right?" My dad asks as he turns on the car.

I give him a weird look at the odd question.

"Yes, why?" I ask.

"Just, making sure." He says with shrug. "I mean, you clearly got your taste in women from me so I just want to be sure you didn't get all of my taste." He adds quickly.

"DAD!" I exclaim in shock.

'I can't believe he just said that!'

"Hey! It's a legitimate concern. I mean we both like blue eyed blondes I'm just making sure you don't wind up with a bitchy, backstabbing-"

"I'm not doing this!" I shout and look out the window.

"Sweetie, Missy. I'm just doing my job as your father to make sure you don't get hurt!" He defends.

"If you were doing your job as a father then you'd know your daughter had a girlfriend!" I huff out.

"You never told me! I'm not psychic!"

"I'm done here." I say and sit silently.

"Just like your mother."

'Be the bigger person. If you hurt him you'll be arrested.' I remind myself.




Kitsu POV


Wow!

Talk about a rocky relationship.

I'm on top of their car, invisible. I wanna know where Missy lives so I can surprise her later.

Whenever I get an idea on what to surprise her with.




-Sunday, April 18th, 12:04pm-




Kitsu POV


Missy is over right now.

Apparently the standard Ward procedure for an injury that requires a hospital visit is a minimum two week leave. Blame the youth guard.

Missy wasn't happy. So I took it upon myself to keep her company while she's on leave. Mainly because I feel like it's partially my fault she got hurt in the first place. I could've stuck around. I was aware I wasn't in my right mind, I could've just held myself back and stuck around.

I'm also a little concerned with how nonchalant she is about the whole, just got run over, thing. She literally got run over, and she was more upset over the fact that Snowflame got away. I mean, I can get away with it because I'm immortal and slightly insane. Missy isn't and that worries me. So I'm keeping an eye out.

For what? I don't know, I just don't like how unconcerned she seems over the whole ordeal.
In other news me and Missy are trending again! It was the coffee shop photo and the following attack. And I have a pen pal on PHO. They go by GstringGirl and they claim to be a Case 53 in Asylum East. But they won't give a picture or their real name. I'm fully prepared for them to turn out to be some forty year old in Nebraska.

Back to now!

"And with this!" I say and modify the petunia flower.
It's now got glowing blue dots, all spread out at the edge of the black petals and condensing together as thye get closer to the center.

"That's so cool!" Missy exclaims.

We're in my room. I got a bunch of plants and I'm experimenting. I finally found a couple of fireflies in the backyard yesterday and I'm experimenting with recreating the photocytes and getting the plant to produce luciferin and all that junk.

It's a lot harder than it seems. But three hours of non-stop trying and I got it!

Oh! I also fixed Rosemary park. Using my biokinesis to fix the trees and bushes. It was really good PR and I even got a 'good job' from Mom!

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

"I was wondering when they would knock." I think out loud.

"You knew someone was here? Why didn't you say anything?" Missy asks.

I shrug and hand her the flower.

"If they were here to attack us, they'd have done it already instead of waiting for twenty minutes." I answer calmly. "Besides, I was distracted by this really cute girl I was trying to impress."

She blushes and brings the sleeve of the hoodie I gave her up to cover her face. Holding the flower pot against her with the other, squealing softly the whole while.

It makes me feel all sorts of bubbly to see her like that.

"Did it work?" I ask cheekily.

"Mhm." She squeals, nodding her head.

'I need to google pickup lines.' I note. 'This is fun!'

"Kitsu! I think you got a friend here for you!" Amy shouts.

'Odd.' I think to myself.

"Be right back!" I say and zip to the living room.
Amy is standing to the side, allowing me to see the pink overalled, hulking form of. I want to say girl?

"Um, hi?" She? Says in deep voice.

"Hi? Who're you?" I ask slowly as I walk up to the door.

"Um, I'm Gully. I'm from the Wards on the west coast and-"

"Nope! Tell them for the hundredth time that I refuse." I say and slam the door shut.

Turning around I see Amy is just staring at me wide eyed.

"Okay then. Bad blood?"

"Kinda. They just don't know how to take no for an answer." I reply and turn to go back to Missy.

"I want to join you! With New Wave!" She shouts through the door.

That gives me pause. Amy too, as we both turn to the door.

"Hello?"

I go over and open the door.

"One moment." I say and close it again.

Turning to Amy, she's in charge seeing that neither Mom, Dad, nor Vicky are here. Mom's at work, Dad's at the DMV, and Vicky fucked off early this morning to go on patrol. Leaving Mom to reluctantly trust Amy with the house until someone gets back.

"Would mom be upset if we let her in?" I ask.

"Yeah, probably." She says, still wide eyed and looking unsure.

"I'mma call her." I say and pull out my phone.

"No, I will. I'm in charge." Amy says and pulls out hers.

I shrug my shoulders and let her do so.

…

…

"Amy, I told you not to call unless it was important. What is it?"

"Hey, Carol. There's a, person here at the door. They wanna join New Wave."

…

"What?"




Gully POV


They're not moving. So they're probably talking. I wish I could hear what they're saying. All I can do is sense where they are.

There's a third person in there. Though they're further in the house.

'Was now just not a good time? Should I have waited? Or should I have gone to the Pelhams instead?' I wonder to myself.

I'm already getting a few stares just standing here. And I can't help but feel this was a mistake.

The door opens and the little fox girl looks to me with a smile and grabs my hand.

"Come on in! We just had to call our mom and make sure it was alright to let you inside." She says as she pulls me in. "Stranger danger and all that."

I duck and side shuffle through the doorway. Mindful of the furniture and ceiling fan.

I can't deny that I'm nervous. I know Tecton said I could return whenever I want. But I'm not stupid. The others will know I left, and they'll probably treat me differently because of it.

Well, more differently anyway.

She guides me along and through the hall. Past a few doors, one is open but she pulls me too quickly for me to see. We wind up in the kitchen where she lets go.

"Stay right there! I'll be back."

In a gust of wind she's gone. And I'm left here with Panacea. Who's just staring at me inquisitively.

"So um. How're you?" I ask her awkwardly.

"I'm, alright. Quick question, sorry if this sounds rude but. Are you a Case 53?" She asks.

"I am. I didn't think that'd be a problem." I say a little defensively.

"Oh! It's not, just curious. You just, sorry." She says and fidgets a bit.

I go to ask what she meant before I feel that familiar gust of wind come back.

It's Kitsu, and she's holding a bundle of branches. She goes up to one of the chairs and I watch in slight awe as the branches disappear into the chair.

"There you go! I noticed when I grabbed you that your muscular density was a lot higher than normal. So I went out and grabbed some wood to reinforce the chair to support your weight!" She explains cheerfully. Her tail wagging to show everyone her excitement.

It's always a novelty, meeting another Case 53. There's a lot less of us than the media would have you believe. So little that the number I've met can be counted on one hand. And that includes Kitsu.
"Go on! Have a seat!" She says.


I go ahead and do so. Not wanting to appear rude.
I sit down and put a little of weight on the chair. Then some more. Then some more. And I'm fully sitting! In a wooden chair!

I normally have to use metal chairs!

"This is, thank you." I say sincerely.

"You're welcome!" She says before pausing. "Crap, I forgot about Missy."

In another gust of wind she's gone.

"Don't worry, you get used to it." Panacea says.

"The constant gusts of wind?" I ask jokingly.

She takes a seat across from me. Before answering.

"The hyperactivity. She only has four modes, hyper focus, hyper active, cuddly, or asleep." She says with a roll of her eyes. "We're just waiting for Carol to get home. Then we can all-"

*Ring*

"Hang on." She says and pulls her phone out. "Hello?"

…

"What do you mean right now?" Panacea says.

…

"Vicky I'm watching the house! You know that."

…

"Because she's on her way home right now! And I don't know how long it'll be."

…

"I don't know when Mark will be back. Besides that, she has a bus pass for emergencies."

I'm starting to get a little uncomfortable.

…

"You know Kitsu will just tell on you right?" She says.

…

"Because Missy is over and you'll be pulling her away from her." Panacea says slowly.

"Tell her she can deal with her own consequences!" I hear Kitsu shout.

"Kitsu says deal with it yourself."

I really feel like this is a conversation I shouldn't know about.

…

"No I'm not just saying Kitsu said that as a way to-. Vicky, you're out of luck this time. I want to help you but I can't."

"Then tell the fox bitch!-" I hear the line shout as Panacea hangs up.

"Sorry about that. Vicky has a bit of temper." She says before rubbing her temples.

And another gust of wind.

"Okay I'm back! Sorry, I have my girlfriend over and I kinda left her hanging." Kitsu says.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt. I just arrived in Brockton and got excited to join." I apologize.

"You're fine!" Kitsu says with a wave. "I was just asking if she was okay being seen by you out of costume. She's not, secret identity and all that. Now! What do you wanna eat?!" She asks excitedly.




-1:56pm-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


God I hate the bus.

The people, the smells, the lack of decent suspension. And Mark's stuck at the DMV getting his license renewed so I didn't have a choice!
I'll just shelve the frustration for my therapist on Thursday.

I open the door and steel myself for the ball of chaos and headaches that slams into me.

"Mommy!" She shouts as she slams into me.

Ever since the incident in the car, she's taken to actively referring to me and Mark as mom and dad. I'll admit, it fills me with a foreign comfort I haven't felt in years. So I allow it.

I crouch down and pick her up. Holding her on my hip as she nuzzles me affectionately.

"Is Missy still here? And what can you tell me about this girl that showed up." I ask.

"Yes she is, and Gully is a Case 53 who quit the west coast Wards and wants to join us." Kitsu says helpfully. "She's roughly fifteen, large, a little shy, and controls earth. Oh! And I made some fried rice with eggs."

I bring my other hand up to scratch her ears and enjoy the way she squeals in delight. After a bit I stop. Giving her a quick kiss on the forehead as I set her down.

"Alright, go and play with Missy while I handle this."
She beams a wide, fanged smile. And rushes off.

Now to deal with this.

Walking past Kitsus' room, I see her and Missy laying on her bed, both are watching something on Kitsus' phone.

"Oh! Mom! Look at this!" Kitsu says before jumping up and off the bed.

She runs over to one of the many plants that now adorn her room. Grabs a bluebell. And walks it over to me.

"This is for you." She says, holding up the potted plant.

"Um, thanks?" I say, taking the plant in hand. "You had Amy make sure it wasn't dangerous right?"
She nods her head.

"Tap one of the flowers." She says, her tail wagging excitedly.

Doing so I watch and listen as the flower makes a small chime and briefly glows.

"That's very impressive Kitsu. I love it." I say and scratch her ears as her tail swishes hard enough to start rocking her.

I shoot a glare to Missy who is staring numbly with a small blush. Her eyes a little too low for my liking.
She looks up briefly. Noticing me glaring she turns her head back to the phone.

I already had the talk with Kitsu about proper relationship dynamics. As painfully awkward as that was. So I'm not worried on her end. It's Missy I'm concerned about. Kitsu is a very affectionate person. And I don't want Missy misinterpreting her displays as invitations, or worse yet, taking advantage of Kitsu.

I'm getting distracted.

"Alright, behave and keep it down. Alright?" I say.

"Alright." She says and runs back to her bed and plops down next to Missy.

Turning back from the tweens, I go to confront the teens.

Walking in to the kitchen I have to stop and get my barring's as I take in the pink overalled hulk of a girl. She's easily as tall as Neil and three times as muscular with skin growths every other way. With a massive overbite and braided brown hair covering half her face.

Amy is sat across from her, looking awkward and uncomfortable.

"Sorry." I apologize for staring. "Amy, just double checking. This is safe right?"

I don't trust what might be Kitsus' idea of 'safe.'
She turns to me and looks to the potted flower I'm holding.

"Oh, the Stygian Bluebells. Yeah, they're harmless. Just don't eat them." Amy says. "Might give you indigestion."

"Stygian?" I ask.

"It's Kitsus' version of a joke. Stygian blue is an impossible color, long story, so she named them Stygian bluebells because they're impossible flowers." Amy says with a roll of her eyes.
Alright then.

"Okay, Amy? Good job on keeping an eye on the house. You can go." I tell her. "Gully? Let's talk. What made you want to join New Wave?"

Amy gets up and I take her seat across from the Case 53, setting the flower down as I do so.

"Well, I was a member of the west coast Wards. I have three years experience with them, but, the number of people their that treat me as a person can be counted on one hand. With fingers left over." She says, fidgeting her fingers together and looking to the side. "I just, when you debuted a Case 53 and everyone seemed okay with her. I thought that you all would be okay with me. I have a good reference! And I have amazing leadership skills if you just give me a chance!"

'I want to.' I think to myself. 'But we don't have anywhere to house you.'

"Do you have a place to stay?" I ask the crucial question.

"I have some funds saved up to rent a place for a few nights." She answers.

'That's not good enough.' I think to myself.

"I'm sorry, we can't take you." I say honestly. Best to get it out and in the open.

"But-!" She goes to say.

"It has nothing to do with you. We just don't have anywhere to put you. Residentially speaking. I'm sorry, if you could find a place to stay then we'd have no problem." I say.

I feel for the girl. I really do. But I need to be realistic here. As much as I'd love to see New Wave expand. I'm not about to gaslight her.

"But I-"

"MOM!" I hear Kitsu call out before appearing next to me.

"Kitsu! What did I say? This better be important." I say seriously.

"Mom! I can find her a place! I have literal millions!" She says quietly and wide eyed.

I genuinely forgot about that. It was an even billion. But taxes are bitch no matter who you are. And they ended up taking a third of it.

"Kitsu, that's your money. This is a New Wave issue. And even then, you'll need to actually find a place." I tell her.

It's sweet that she wants to help. But she needs to save that money. Invest it when she gets older. Not blow it on an admittedly dying movement.

"That's where you're wrong. It's a New Wave problem. And I'm a member of New Wave. Therefore, it's my problem." She says.

The way she says that, as though it's obvious, warms my heart.

"Kitsu, sweetheart." I start.

"Pleeeeeaaasse?" She begs, staring deep into my eyes.

'Why, why do you have to be so earnest and hard to refuse?' I groan to myself.

Turning away from her, I regard the other Case 53 in the room.

"How long do you think you can hold out on your own?" I ask.

"A week or two at least. Any more and I won't have enough to get back to Whetstone." She says.

I look back to the hopeful eyes of the little girl.

"You have a week to come up with a viable, long term, solution. Got it?" I say seriously.

"Yes! I won't let you down! Promise!" She says and speeds off.

"Well Gully, there you have it. I'll have to talk to Lady Photon, but if Kitsu can find you a permanent home then you're fully welcome to join." I say turning to the large girl.

I stop as I notice the tears in her eyes.

"ThANk YoU." She says through the tears. "I, I Won'T Let yOu DoWN."

'When did I start becoming a charity case?'

*Ring*

Looking to my phone. I'm puzzled as I recognize the number being Armsmaster's.

"Hello?"

"Carol Dallon, we currently have your daughter, Victoria, in custody for blatant and reckless use of her powers on a civilian." He says. "Would you be able to come down to The Rig and help us sort this out?"

'The, FUCK?!'

"Someone's in trouble~" Kitsu says devilishly.

"Room, now." I say, pointing my fingers with a snap.
She speeds of and I go back to dealing with this shit fest.




-Meanwhile-




Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV


"I'm sorry sir. But this proof of address is invalid. I would recommend a bank statement from more than two months ago." The man says monotonously.

"This is the third time! I've been here all day!" I complain.

"I'm sorry sir. My hands are tied." He shrugs.

'Why?! Why are they like this?!'




-Other side of the city-



Cletus "Carnage" Kassidy POV


Damnit!

A challenge is right. This guy has a hairpin trigger and a sixth sense for danger. And on top of that he's never alone!

I've been stalking him for three days now. And the only times he's alone is when he's taking a shit. Even then he's always inaccessible.

At this point I'm thinking I'll just have to bite the bullet and try my hand at open combat.

Not now. He's home with his family of capes. Even I'm not that crazy.

Ol' Scarecrow didn't give a deadline. But I like to imagine I have a week. If I don't have it done by then, well I'd consider it a personal failure.

He's worked all three days. So I'm thinking I'll either catch him at work. Or catch him on a day off when the kiddies aren't home.

Till then I'm writing off today as a bust.

Gonna go get myself a happy meal. Cheer myself up a bit.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus




Steve "The Mechanic" Pappagallo POV


I turn off the car and hop out. Walking to the passenger side I open it and catch the nearly two hundred pound man as he slumps out.

"God, Damn it Stefan! Aren't crack heads supposed to be malnourished and under weight?!" I groan.

"…"

"Right." I say to no one.

He's completely out of it. Not unconscious because his eyes are still moving. But he's deadweight all the same.

"If you get better, just know you owe me." I say and lug him up over my shoulder.

Using my foot to kick the door close I hobble along up the stairs and into the office. Kicking the door open and moving over to set him in a chair. I take a minute to catch my breath before taking out my flask and downing the liquid gold.

"Shit." I say and plop down in the chair next to him. "That was a damn close one huh? Woo! Damn, comin' down from the adrenaline."

"…"

"Right."

Well, might as well get a nap.




-Later-




*Slam*

"Wah!" I shout out in surprise.

"Mechanic, what's wrong with Snowflame?" The raspy voice of Scarecrow asks.

"Huh?" I ask, blinking the sleep from my eyes.

I look around and slowly recall everything. The attack, the Wards. The lost cars. Stefan and the chase.

"Oh, shit, right. Uh, damn. Fuckin fox brat grabbed'em and he's been limp since." I say through the mild headache as I rub my face.

I reach into my pocket for my flask and down the rest of its contents.

"Pah! Dunno what the hell happened. He was holding off the red brat, then the green one started turning the street and park into a chutes and ladders board, took out all the cars. While that was happening this happened." I say and slap the bastard next to me.

"How sure are you that Kitsu did it?" He asks.

"Who?"

"The fox girl." He says in a slow, irritated voice.

"Bout, eighty percent? I was more focused on my cars. Why?" I answer.

He finally leans back. He steps over to Stefan. He slaps him then takes out a flash light. He shines it in his eyes and does a few other things I don't care to pay attention to.

"Where's Maureen?" I ask.

"Permafrost is in the truck, she's enjoying her high so I wouldn't bother her." He says. "Right then, my best guess is that she shut off his motor neurons. He's in there, just can't do anything. Like playing a videogame without a controller, all he can do is watch and hope something happens."

"Rather long winded way of saying he's a vegetable." I say and take a swig from my flask. Only to realize it's empty.

"We can help him in a minute. Some cocaine and a defibrillator might jumpstart him." He says and turns away. "For now though. Feast your eyes on our prize."
He walks over to a square metal case on the table.
He opens it and turns it around to reveal six vials in black Styrofoam. All marked with a black c.

…

"The fuck am I look'n at?"
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N
The credit for the musical flowers goes to RadChaos897

He gave me a RAD list of ideas to work with in regards to Kitsu and her biokinesis. I'll try to credit him when it comes up.

I'm not sorry for the pun.
.
I'll fully admit. I forgot Sveta existed. Credit to Sarah2cold for reminding me.
.
The last chapter was a lot better received than I thought it would be.
.
QUESTIONS!
.
FOR NEWB
Akiralator: I wonder what you'll think about chapters 50-100?

NEWB: Not there yet.
.
FOR KITSU
Akiralator: -

Kitsu interrupts: You misspelled my name so I refuse to dignify you with a response. Hmph!
.
As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas moving forward.


Link to the discord server: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro

Find me in the channel newb's-grotto​
Last edited: Apr 14, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt, odinori and 244 others
Newb to the game
Apr 14, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 27 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Apr 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#234
A/N Caught red handed
Alt title: Damn it Vicky!



-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-The Rig, Sunday, April 18th, 3pm-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


Fuck, everything.

Mark's still stuck at the DMV and Amy got called to the hospital. So I had to call Missy's father to come pick her up early. Much to the ire of both her and Kitsu. Who is currently with me.

She's been trying to calm me down. Telling me about her day, complimenting me, ect. Even offered to let me pet her tail. So long as I washed my hands first of course.

That one actually made me feel a little better. And I nearly laughed at the way she went from sweet and concerned to serious. I didn't take her up on the offer, but it's the thought that counts.

"Kitsu, sweetheart. I appreciate what you're trying to do, but sometimes when people are upset. It's best to let them be." I tell her as the helicopter lands.

As we step out, we're greeted by Battery. I take Kitsu's hand and guide her along as we make our way through the base. The guards at the door having taken Kitsu's backpack that she uses to give herself room for her tail.

"Can Kitsu stay in the Wards lounge? I don't want her present for this." I ask Battery.

She turns and gives a small smile.

"Sure thing, follow me." She and takes a turn.
We follow her through a few doors and make it an area where designated authorized personnel only.
We make it to the lounge and I let Kitsu go before turning to her.

"Behave, I'll be back to come get you later." I say as I kneel slightly.

"No promises!" She says with a salute.

"You better promise or you'll be as grounded as Vicky's about to be." I say sternly. "I'm in no mood little lady."

Her tail curls around her and her ears go flat.

"I promise." She says softly.

"Good." I say and lean down to give her a kiss on the forehead. "I'll be back as soon as I can. After that we can get pizza."

She cheers up significantly at the mention of pizza.

"Can I mess with the fern? I wanna practice a few things." She asks.

"No, not without Amy to supervise. Remember the dandelions?" I tell her.

At least she asked.

"Yes." She drawls before muming. "Why does everyone keep reminding me?"

I turn and leave, following Battery as we make our way through the base.

"You seem to handle her quite well. How do you do it?" Battery asks as we walk.

"What do you mean?" I question.

"The upper brass have been trying to get Kitsu on our side for years. And here you are, a few words and she's putty in your hands." She says.

"You're better off asking my husband that. She burst into our house one day and sort of just stuck around after Mark didn't kick her out right away." I answer. "She was just a lonely little girl desperate for a family, we offered her a home, no strings attached other than if she wanted to continue being a cape, she had to join New Wave. You should see her with Mark. She'd have stayed in one spot on her head if he asked her to."

Battery abruptly stops for a moment. She gives a small, sad chuckle before she continues walking.

"What?" I ask dubiously.

"It's just that, five years ago, around the time when she was first found. She asked me and Assault if we would be her parents. Assault said yes and I said no." She says. "Just, thinking about the irony."

Why do I feel so, upset at that?

"How did that come about?" I ask with a slight edge.

"Director Armstrong was offering her a spot in the Wards. We were there and Assault jokingly said me and him would take care of her." Battery says. "I refused right away, and now, seeing you with her. Well, nevermind." She says with a shake of her head.

It's not hard to imagine what would've happened if she said yes. Hell, all it took was a single day of being nice to Kitsu, and suddenly she's trying her best to be daughter of the year. Though the idea of imagining her as Assault and Batteries daughter has me feeling, uncomfortable.

'And another thing for my therapist.' I muse inwardly.
The rest of the walk is done in silence, and I'm brought to one of the detainment rooms meant for high level brutes.

As I walk in I'm treated to the site of Vicky, cuffed to the table in full manacles. Armsmaster to her left, and Assault to her right.

She looks up fearfully and immediately turns her gaze back to the table.

"Alright, what the hell happened and why the hell is she cuffed to the table?" I ask.

"Mom this all jus-"

"Vicky, stop. Armsmaster, start." I demand.

He looks to me for a brief second before starting.

"There was an altercation downtown. Where Glory Girl assaulted a thief after chasing them down. At which point she proceeded to cause severe and extensive physical trauma. The individual in question is unconscious, presumably in a coma, and currently in the ICU. She's in cuffs because she tried to flee the scene after a concerned citizen called the police." He informs.

I turn to my daughter in question.

"Well? What do you have to say for yourself?" I ask rhetorically.

"I panicked! I didn't mean to hurt them that bad! I didn't think she'd need to be hospitalized!" Vicky says frantically.

"That last ones a lie." Armsmaster says.

Vicky freezes in place at that.

"Care to explain?" I say slowly.

"I, uh."

"As much as I'm sure you'd like to talk this all out now. I'd like to inform you that we have evidence that this is not the first time something like this has happened. And that this is a reoccurring behavior." Armsmaster interjects and takes Vicky's phone out of one of his pockets.

My therapist is retiring early with all this stress.




-Medhall General Hospital-




Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV


Damn it Vicky!

I've healed enough of the people she's roughed up to recognize her handiwork.

I managed to heal the girl back to full health before her punctured lung killed her. Though whether or not she'll wake up is another story. If I was there with Vicky I'd have been able to prevent this!

Then again if she'd just LISTEN! And stop going overboard, this wouldn't ever be a concern!

*Ring*

Pulling out my phone, I see it's Carol. And I dread what this might be about.

"Hello?" I ask tentatively.

"How, long?" She asks slowly.

"Um, what do you mean?" I ask, more than a little scared at her tone.

"Tell me how long you have been covering for Victoria." She demands.

'Oh she's pissed.'

"Covering for what?" I try and bullshit.

"Amy Lavender Dallon! You know what I am talking about!"

I think I just peed a little.

"Uh, since I triggered?" I say with a crack in my voice.

…

"Hello?"

"Get home now."

*Click*

I just stand here in the employee break room as I contemplate every life choice I've ever made. Might as well reflect while I have the time.

"Hey Panacea? Can you help us out in the surgery room real quick?" a nurse asks as he walks through the door.

I just shoot him the most annoyed glare I can manage.

"Is it life or death?" I ask.

"Uh, not at the moment." He says cautiously.

"Then they're doing better than me!" I say and march out.




-Dallon House, 5pm-




Kitsu POV


Mom is scary when she's upset.

"Kitsu, stay in your room until Mark gets home. Turn your radio on or watch a video I don't care. And go ahead and order a pizza or two. Just stay out of this." She says with barely restrained anger.

"Can I get stuffed crust?" I ask.

What? Just because I'm scared doesn't mean I won't make the best of a situation.

Priorities.

"Sure, but no mushroom. You're the only one who eats it and you're not getting a whole pizza to yourself." She says.

"Kay."

"Good girl." She says and leans down to kiss me on the forehead. "Now go."

I zip to my room, close the door and turn my radio on to some Hollywood Undead. Grateful for my new hearing aides. Now I can turn up the volume and keep it near myself to drown out the voices in the other room.

"A fucking year!?" Mom yells.

Mostly.

I go ahead and call the local Dominoes while all that's going on.

"Dominoes Pizza, what can I get for you today?"

"Hi, I'd like to order two cheese pizza's for delivery." I say.

…

"Hey sweetie, can I talk to your mommy first?"

I roll my eyes. Should've seen this coming.

"Sure!" I say and hold the phone away from me. "Mom, the pizza man wants to talk to you."

…

I start using my biokinesis to modify my vocal cords.

"Mah, my, mee, mooah." I say quietly before I get Carols voice.

"Hello?" I ask on the phone.

"Hi, sorry about that. We've had a series of kids ordering pizza without their parents knowing so I need you to be the one to place the order. New policy."

"It's quite alright, I just had her call for me because my hands are full right now." I say.

"That's perfectly understandable. So, two cheese pizzas?" He verifies.

"Oh, if it's alright can you make that stuffed crust?" I ask.

"I'm sorry ma'am, but we don't offer that." He says.

Lame!

"That's alright. Just the two cheese then."

I finish ordering the pizza, just in time to hear dad pull up into the driveway.

I zip out of my room and out the house. Just in time for him to step out of his car.

"Daddy!" I say and slam into him.

"What the fuck!?" He exclaims.

"Wha-oh."

I still have moms voice. I take a second to turn it back.

"Sorry about that. Mom had me order pizza." I say and nuzzle him. "But they wouldn't talk to me. They wanted to talk to mom."

"Alright." He says awkwardly as he picks me up. "Just, don't do that again."

I can only imagine how weird and awkward that was for him.

"Kay!" I say as he carries me back into the house.

"The Birdcage! Is that were you want to end up?!" I hear as dad closes the door. "You can't possibly have thought you could keep this hidden forever! All it would take is one person coming forward!"

"Wow, so how bad is it?" He asks. "I only know that Vicky was taken into custody."

"Vicky has been brutalizing people she apprehends for a year now. And Amy's been helping her cover it up by healing the people. Mom just found out."

His expression says everything.

"Well. So how was your day?" He says and sits down on the recliner.

"I got to spend most of the day with Amy and Missy!" I say excitedly. "And I finally figured out how to make things glow!"

"Is that what all the fireflies were for?" He asks.

I nod my head and make my skin glow gold in tiger stripe patterns. It tingles a little, like a slight burn. But nothing that can't be ignored.

I illusion a block to flick off the light switch.

"That's really cool! You could go to raves like that." He jokes.

"Just wait! I call this seizure procedure!" I say and rapidly change the colors.

After a bit I stop changing colors.

He scratches my ears and I lean into it.

"Never do that in public." He says seriously.

I go ahead and turn off the glowing and turn the lights back on.

"I also made flowers that make music, I made them have modified trichomes connected to an ion channel that makes them move a specific way when triggered, similar to Venus flytraps, so that way they trigger little specialized pockets of air to squeeze and make a soft chime sound! And if I can just find an electric eel. I can make a photosynthetic power generator." I tell him.

"Let's just pretend I understood, any of that." He says with a small laugh.

"That's not fair!" Vicky yells.

Me and dad look to the hall.

"Context?" He asks.

"Vicky just got grounded for two months. And has to take control exercises with a specialist the whole time. Amy's grounded for one month and is only allowed out to go to school, when the PRT request her, and when the hospital needs her." I summarize.

"How bad was it?" He asks.

"The girl is still in a coma. If she doesn't wake up soon her next of kin can press charges. If she does wake up, she can press charges." I say.

I'm not worried. I have a plan.

"Shit, and this has been going on for a year?" He asks. "How did we not notice?"

I say nothing and just lay down on him.

"If Amy was there none of this would've happened! This is all that freaks fault!" Vicky screeches.

"Victoria!/Vicky!" Mom and Amy shout in surprise.

"What do you want to watch? I'm thinking Disney channel." He says quickly to deflect.

"Animal planet." I say softly.

I don't really care. I don't like Vicky all that much so her referring to me as a freak doesn't really hurt. Though if anyone else heard her say that. Well.

Freak and Abomination are popular slurs for Case 53's.

"Sure." He says and grabs the remote from the end table.

We watch TV until the pizza gets here. All the while ignoring the back and forth in the other room.

To recap the end of the night.

Vicky ended up slamming her door hard enough to break it.

Carol actually thanked Amy for keeping Vicky out of trouble. And explained that she was grounded because she should've told her what was going on instead of hiding it.

And I got to see a cute documentary on baby animals while eating pizza!

I honestly expected Vicky to break more stuff.




-Medhall General Hospital, 11:54pm-




Took me a while. More than a little invisibility and sneaking around. Along with the help of my stranger power. But I finally found the room with the girl Vicky beat with an inch of her life.

An average looking girl. Nothing special. I go ahead and change my hair to black, my skin a dark brown, my eyes brown, and my voice to a higher pitch in preparation for plan b. I also keep my ears flat and my tail hidden.

Grabbing her, I first shut off her motor neurons before reactivating the parts of her brain that are keeping her from waking up.

She wakes up, and I can see the electrical signals flaring. She's trying to scream and thrash. And I have to steady her heart rate.

I wait a minute until it stops.

"Okay, I'm going to give you your movement back. If you scream or make a lot of noise. I'll put you back in a coma." I say before reactivating her body.

Staring into her eyes I activate my love me power to make this go smoother.

"What, do you want?" She asks shakily.

"I'm more or less here to find out what you want. You see, I don't want you to file charges against Glory Girl. So, I'm willing to give you anything I can. I can fully and freely manipulate biology. So, name your price. Bigger boobs, firmer butt, clearer skin, perfect teeth. Wanna be a guy? That one's going to be tricky but I'm sure I can figure it out." I list off.

"Are you kidding me? If you make me hotter, all that'll do is make me a target out on the streets. And no I don't want some floppy bits between my legs!" She says incredulously.

"Then how about better eyes, night vision, stronger bones, denser muscles?" I ask with a roll of my eyes.

"Hell no, after what that bitch did? I'm suing for all her worth then using that money to fuck off out of this shithole of a city."

"What if I offer you a cash bribe?" I suggest.

"That money won't come with seeing the bitch devastated." She counters.

I stare at the obstinate woman for a bit.

"Right, plan B it is then." I say with a sigh and grab her by the jaw.

Using my biokinesis I keep her heart steady to avoid setting off the monitor and shut off her motor neurons again. I then shut off my love me power.

I was really hoping she could've been bribed. I'm not looking forward to this next part.

"Look, I get that you want a little revenge on the big bad cape who hurt you. But the problem here is that hurting her, is less than ideal for me. So if I have to hurt you." I say and slowly crush her lower jaw. Careful not to cause any external bleeding. Bloodstains and all that.

"I, will. And if that's not enough. Then I'll hurt your family. Show you how much you have to lose." I say, turning my eyes from brown to red and letting them glow in the dim light of the hospital room.

"You see, I can heal, just as easily as I can hurt. And I can hold a grudge for a long time." I say and heal her jaw.

"I don't even need to break you." I say and light up her nervous system. "I don't even need to be near."

I show some illusionary frostbite spiders that crawl up the bed and stare her down.

"So, I'm going to let go, give you back your functions. And if ever you or someone you know decide to say something. I, will, find, you." I finish and dispel the spiders after having them crawl back down out of her sight.

I do as I said, but before I do, I tweak her fusiform gyrus a little before giving her body back to her. The heart monitor immediately goes ballistic and I can smell the strong scent of ammonia in the air.

"The nurse will be here shortly. Act like you just woke up." I say and turn invisible just in time for the door to burst open.

Two nurses and a doctor rush to her side and start checking everything. The doctor taking a small flash light and shining her eyes.

"Ms. Wellson, can you hear me?" He asks.

"Y, yes. I can." She says shakily.

"Patient seems to be-"

I tune out the rest in favor of using an invisible platform to float up. I turn my head and hand visible, making a shushing motion before fading slowly like the Cheshire cat. The heart monitor spikes and I go ahead and sneak out while another doctor and a nurse rush in.

Was it evil? Yes. Do I care? Not really. While I do feel a little bad for the girl, and I wasn't comfortable doing all that, I wasn't going to let her ruin New Wave with an assault charge.

As for modifying her fusiform gyrus? I gave her face blindness. She can still see faces. Face blindness is a condition where the brain struggles to remember human faces outside of basic details.

And the only details she has to go on is a black haired, brown skinned, squeaky voiced girl with brown or red eyes.

Granted she'll struggle to remember faces for the rest of her life. But more people have face blindness than most realize.




-Dockworkers Association, Monday April 19th, 1:06pm-




I need to find a place for Gully. A long term, viable one. That means it can't be a money sink. I can't just perpetually rent out a place for her, that's not viable. Can't call Faultline, she refuses to take jobs in the city unless it's to help her crew. And I'm not willing to call in a favor from Lung.

Yet.

So, I need something that'll give returns. Something that will pay for itself.

"Excuse me. I'm looking for a Daniel Hebert?" I ask a burly man just inside the run down building as I walk through the door.

He stares down at me, then at my ears and then to my tail.

"HEY! Eyes up here." I yell at him.

"What? No! I just, you're um. Well. Where are your parents? Ain't you the Dallons new kid?" He stutters out and deflects.

"I am. And I'm here on New Wave business." I say seriously.

"Sure kid. Now what's their number? Just so I can verify." He challenges.

I should've brought dad along.

"Fine! I'll be back!" I say and stomp out.




I make it back to the house in about thirty minutes, just in time to catch dad coming in from mowing the lawn.

"Dad! I need your help with something." I say as I latch onto his leg, and immediately detach as I get a whiff of him, weed killer. "But, it can wait a bit." I say pinching my nose.

"Kitsu, can whatever it is not be today?" He asks tiredly.

"Did you take your meds?" I ask in concern.

"I did." He says tiredly.

"Then why are you all, mopey?" I ask.

He sighs as steps past me and towards the hall.

"Sometimes, some days are just worse than others." He says. "And the meds don't help as much as they normally do."

"Oh." I say sadly.

'It really can't wait. I only have a week.' I think anxiously.

"I'm sorry kiddo, it has nothing to do with you. It's just not a good day." He says and lightly scratches my ears. "Lots happened lately and just. Nevermind."

"I know, its fine. It can wait till tomorrow." I say understandingly.

'Looks like I'm skipping school tomorrow.'

As he gets a quick shower I run around and grab a bunch of things. A pillow, a blanket. Some popcorn.
Once he's out of the bath and dressed I knock on his door.

"Yes?" He says as he opens the door.

I grab his hand and wordlessly pull him out.

"Kitsu, what are you doing?" He asks as I drag him to the living room.

I push him into the recliner and set it all the way back. I put a pillow under his head and a blanket over him before grabbing the popcorn and squirming my way under the blanket. And crawl up to cuddle him.

"Movie night!" I say and scooch him over to share the recliner, half sitting on his side and half on the arm. "And popcorn!"

I hold up the unpopped bag and start to heat up my hands.

"Pick a movie!" I demand.

He starts channel surfing as I pop the popcorn. Though he can't seem to choose one.

He eventually settled on a cheesy comedy.

The rest of the night went as such, with me trying to cheer him up. Or at least reminding him that he has someone that cares.

Once he fell asleep I ran around the house fixing everything and cleaning up. Which included fixing Vicky's door by melding it back together. Not that she thanked me or anything. Amy got called to the hospital for an emergency and I flew her over, so she won't be back for a bit. When it came time to pick mom up I let dad sleep in and decided to go get her myself.




-Law firm, 5:12pm-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


Stepping out of the law firm, ready to head home and end my day. I'm surprised to see I'm greeted by Kitsu of all people.

"Mommy!" She says as she runs up and hugs me.

I pick her up and hold her on my hip as she nuzzles me, which I realize is starting to become the routine.

"Where's Mark?" I ask, not seeing the car anywhere.

"Bad day." Kitsu says sadly as her ears fall flat. "I tried to cheer him up. He's asleep right now and I didn't want to wake him. So I came to come get you! Also I fixed Vicky's door."

After yesterday? It's understandable. Hell, if I didn't have work I'd probably have drank myself under last night.

I give her a kiss on the forehead. Enjoying the way she squeals happily at the act.

"You're such a good girl." I tell her. Which only causes her to squeal harder and her tail to start rocking her.

"Whoa, calm that tail down or I might drop you." I say. As a result she just hugs me tighter.

I'll admit. Her general happiness and sunny disposition. As well as her affectionate attitude and eagerness to please are a welcome distraction. Especially after yesterday's shitfest.

"Well then, go ahead and take us home." I say and set her down.

I prepare to be grabbed and run across the city. Only to be lifted up off the ground by an iridescent disc.
I forgot she could do this.

"You might wanna sit down." She says. "I don't want to have to catch you if you lose your footing."

I go ahead and do so. Content to take the time to enjoy the view. I can see why Sarah, Crystal, Eric, and Vicky enjoy this so much.

Before long we're descending on the front lawn of the house.

"Why don't you do that more often?" I ask as I step down. "Seems like a more effective method of travel than the running you always do."

"I just enjoy the thrill and excitement of running and jumping more. And this is more energy intensive than it seems. Speaking of~" She says coyly.

"Yeah alright, I swear you're a glutton. At some point we're going to find out if there really is a limit to your storage capacity." I saw with a roll of my eyes.

"Never~" She playfully hisses. "My hunger knows no bounds!~"

I go ahead and lob a spear at her. We've been doing this at least once a day. If nothing else it's helped me keep my technique refined, and even helps improve my ability to call on it faster.

After the little light show we head inside. I see Mark passed out on the recliner and Kitsu goes over to join him. Worming her way under the blanket, laying on his stomach and chest to rest the top of her head under his chin as she curls up to cuddle her tail.

It's a heartwarming sight, I'll admit. And I give Kitsu another kiss on the forehead before going to change out of my work clothes.

I pass her room, now adorned with Bleeding wisteria growing in an arch over her bed's headboard. It's a vine she made, it grows bleeding heart flowers that glow a soft pink off and on. And they make her room smell like watermelon scented candles.

She really likes things that glow. Or at least she likes making things that glow. That or she's doing what every child does when they find something new and interesting. Hyper-fixating until they get bored.

I keep my walk through the kitchen and to my room. Where I change out into a loose tee and sweats. Afterwards I head to the kitchen and pull out some leftover fried rice. I heat it up and go to sit down and eat it.

Only to struggle with the chair. I can barely get it to budge.

"What the, did someone glue the chair to the floor?" I think out loud.

*Brzzt*

I go to check my phone to see it's a text from Kitsu.

(That's my fault. I made the wood denser to support Gullys weight. I can fix it later, I think)-K

'Don't get upset. It's just a chair. You literally have several spares in the garage.' I calm myself.

It's genuinely disturbing how good her ears are. The hearing aides she got from Kid Win do nothing to dampen sound. They just prevent higher pitches from hurting her.

"It's fine. Just switch it with one in the garage." I say out loud.

It's like talking to a ghost.

(K)-K

"Use real words Kitsu." I say irritably.

I hate text language.

(Kay)-K

I sit in the other chair and eat my fried rice in silence.




Kitsu POV


I opt, not, to tell her that I can't hear Vicky in the house. That she probably snuck out when I left to go get her.

She has enough on her plate stressing her out. And I doubt Vicky's stupid enough to get into trouble right after what happened.




-Meanwhile-
-Fortress construction site, docks-




Neil "Manpower" Pelham POV


Packing up my equipment in the truck , I hop in the passenger and take off the helmet. End of the day, just about everyone's already packed up and headed home. Just me and the foreman left really.

"Hooo~ just a few more months." I say to myself. Then I go from assistant foreman to a full foreman.

I'd be there sooner, but I made the dumbass decision to overachieve in the yard my first year here. And that stunted my progression. Made myself too valuable to the field.

"Rough day?" I hear next to me in the drivers seat.
I don't recognize the voice, and that puts me on guard.

Looking over to the thin redhead in a basic uniform. I relax, slightly.

He could be a new hire or a transfer they forgot to inform me of. Wouldn't be the first time.

"You know how it is, same shit, different day." I answer. "So, who are you?"

"Names Jackson sir, first day on the job. Got my own CDL so they said, great! Get in the truck." He says with a laugh.

His name badge says Jason. There's a spot of blood on his uniform. Just below the neck, and I recognize the mustard stain on the breast of the suit.

"Right then, so. You get nose bleeds?" I ask.

"No? Why?" He asks.

"Is that uniform a hand-me-down?" I ask as I start to pull on the energy in me, holding it just under the surface of my skin.

"Whatya mean?" He asks confused.

"You said your name's Jackson, but the badge says Jason. There's a line of blood on your collar and that mustard stain is awfully similar to Jason Petroskevich's after-"

There's a flash of red and before I can even think. Years of hero work save me as my reflexes kick in. I twist in the seat to lean back and use both legs to kick the man. Hard enough to send us both flying out of the truck, breaking both doors off in the process.

I hit the ground rolling to a three point land and dash around the front of the truck and get the guy on the other side.

Nothing. He's not there, no scuff marks in the dirt either.

"Hey! Pelham what the hell?" I hear Charles ask.

I turn to my boss to warn him to run. Only to watch as a deep red tendril pierces his chest.

"CHARLES!"

I follow the tendril to see it coming out of a man on top of the truck in a red and black bodysuit.

"SoRry. No WitNeSEs" The warbled voice of the man sounds out.

Now fully cloaked in my field, I run towards and jump up on the hood and to the roof of the truck. Blocking another tendril that pops out the mans back. It tries to wrap around my arm before a surge from my field causes it to melt.

"YoU'Re LIkE a LiVInG bUg ZapPEr." The man says.
I say nothing as I throw a down hook. The man crouches and jumps back to land on all fours further down the truck to dodge.

I rush forward and throw a fury of crosses. He dodges the first two but I manage to hit the third square in his chest. My fist hits and punches right through his chest.

He leans forward a bit at that. With my hand still in his chest.

"DaMN. At LeASt GiVE a LiTtle WarNing, BeForE yoU StICK iT In LiKe tHat." He gives out weakly.

"Knock it off." I say and prepare a charge. "I've been in the game far too long to be fooled by that. I know exactly how much force is needed to punch through someone's chest."

I unleash the charge at point blank inside the guy.

"AaAaAaAaAGgGGHhhHh!"

I throw him off the truck and onto the ground.

"Let me guess. You were going to play dead or appeal to my sense of mercy? Get my guard down?" I say as jump down and land next to him.

His chest fills back in as he gets back up, and the tendrils shrink in size.

'A regenerator, figured as much.' I think to myself.
He wouldn't have tried that stunt unless he could come back from it. Or was just plain suicidal.

"So, what's your deal?" I ask and kick him over onto his back.

"Pah! Hahahahahaha! I kNew this wASn't gOiNg to wORk!" He laughs out. "But yOu KnOw hOw iT is, EvEn if We KNow bEtTer. We stILl gOTta see WhAt hAPPeNs."

I'm forced back against the truck as a series of bladed tendrils whips out from his shoulders and try to guillotine me.

He takes my momentary retreat to jump back up and rush me.

His fingers extend to bladed claws and add to the barrage as I side step out of the way.

*Rrrrgggnngg*

His claws rip through the metal of the truck with an ear-piercing screech. He then turns to me and charges forward. Lashing his bladed whips with surprising speed.

"CoME on! Say SoMEthINg! DoN't JuSt stANd ThEre!" He says as I'm forced to take the defensive.

He's faster, more agile, and can attack from a range.
I'm fucked! My field is close quarters only. And if I can't get close I can't do anything short of tossing things at him. My field may be strong, but it does have a limit. If this continues then it's only a matter of time until I'm left powerless.

'Time, time! I just need a little time to come up with something or call for help!'

Coming up with nothing better, I charge forward and decide risking the claws is better than waiting for him to wear down my field and eviscerate me.

He swings his arm down as I charge in. And I tank the hit to get in close. Getting in place I throw a charged uppercut that launches the villain off the ground and sending his jaw flying from his body.
As he flips in the air and lands wobbly on his feet about three yards from me, his tendrils recede slightly as his jaw slowly reconstructs itself.

"You know, I'd never fought another cape before." He says as his jaw finishes regenerating. Revealing the pale fleshed jaw of the man who killed Charles, and likely Jason as well. "Didn't know how I'd measure up."

I've figured it out. He's controlling his blood the same way Marquis controlled his bones. And he's using that to regenerate.

"So you picked a hero with two decades of experience under his belt?" I ask.

"Wasn't my pick. But you know what they say." He says with a shrug as the red forms back over his jaw. "Go BiG Or gO HOme."

Looks like it's a war of attrition.




Firebreather POV


God DAMN!

Day four of nonstop flying!

I finally made it to Brockton. Now I just need to find the Pelhams or the Dallons. Or get a nap to sleep off the jet lag.

As I angle over the coast line and glide across the city, I can't help but marvel at the view. I'd never seen the ocean before. It's like the desert, but, shiny and a little blue.

As I glide, looking for an out of way place to land, I hear a bit of a clattering sound. Which is weird because I'm more than a hundred feet in the air.
I fan out my wings and come to stop. Hovering mid air as I look around underneath me for what might've made the noise.

Let's see, car, car, empty lot, building, building, construction site with a dead guy and two people fighting, car.

Wait.

Looking back over I turn just in time to watch a guy in a jumpsuit get tossed into a stack of I-beams by a guy in red.

"Shit! Day one and already a fight!" I say and nose dive.

I don't know what's going on. But a cape that's attacking a civilian is clearly a villain.

I swoop down and use myself as a shield for the guy. Blocking a scrape as the clawed hand is forced back.

"WhAT thE heLL is ThIS? YoU Got fRieNdS NeiL?" The man is red says.

"I wouldn't say we're friends. But we're certainly against you." I say confidently.

"Okay, what the hell. Just hold him off while I call for help!" Neil says.

I'm assuming that's Neil.

"Not a problem." I say and flex my wings out. "Heads up Red!"

I flap my wings back to give myself a boost forward. Charging to him as he jumps up and above me. I don't let him get away with it as I kick off the ground and grab his ankle to slam him back down on his back.

Not giving him a chance I place my clawed foot on his chest.

"Move, and I roast you." I say as I let out a little fire from my mouth.

"OkAy LiZArD BoY, WhAT's YouR stOry? You SoMe loNg LosT sOn of LUnG?" He asks.

"Maybe? I dunno." I say with a shrug. "Who's Lung?"

He stares for a bit, and I see Neil reach a truck without doors and hop in.

'Wait, is he leaving me?' I think in slight disbelief.
Oh, wait. No he's just rummaging around. He's got a phone out now and is calling someone.

"WeLL, ThiS wEnT titS Up." The man under me says.

"Well, you put yourself here." I say to him.

"MaYbe, BuT." He says as the red and black of his suit starts to slide away. Revealing a pale redheaded man with soulless green eyes. "A good performer always has a few tricks up his sleeve."

"What?" I ask seriously as I get a strong sense of dread.

"Move!" Neil yells as I'm grabbed from behind by a bunch of tendrils and tossed back.

I tumble and land on my back a ways away.

'The fuck just happened?' I think to myself as I get back up.

The guy's fully suited again and now running towards the truck.

"No!" I get up sprint after him.

However, he runs past the truck and to the dead guy on the other side of it. Sticking his hand in the guys chest, I keep up my charge and tackle him off the dead guy.

We twist around in a flurry of smacks, punches, kicks and grabs. All ending with me on top of him in an arm lock.

"TwO oN One. LiTt-"

"SHUT UP!" I silence him with a head-butt to the back of his head.

After a bit of struggle with him creating more blood whips and lashing them out, he finally goes limp. His body suit receding.

"Not falling for that again!" I say and fly up.

I stay here, dangling the man in an arm lock, choking him out before something crashes into my side. Forcing me to drop the man as I crash back to the ground. I look to see a white dressed blonde with a golden tiara.

"Another freak in town? Good. I need this." She says darkly.

"Wait! I'm not the bad guy here! He is!" I say and point the rapidly fleeing man.

"An orange scaled freak holds up a man twenty feet in the air and I'm expected to believe he's the good guy? Sure." She scoffs and crosses her arms.

"Victoria!" Neil shouts.

She whips around to the winded, bruised, and slightly bloody man as he slumps out of the truck.

"Uncle Neil?" She says in surprise.

"What the hell kid? He was saving me from him!" He yells and points to the guy who runs into the middle of the street and kicks a manhole up.

He gives a mocking salute before taking the manhole and jumping down. Closing it behind him.

"Damnit!" I curse.

"Fucking hell Vicks. At least tell me you brought Amy or Kitsu. And where's Sarah?" He says while panting.

Did he say Kitsu?

"Um no and I don't know." She answers slowly.

"Well then how the hell did you get here?" He asks.

"Well, I was around and saw the orange guy choking out another guy in the air and well." She says awkwardly.

"Wait, you know Kitsu?!" I ask excitedly.

"She's, kinda my sister. I guess." The Victoria says with a shrug. "Why, you got beef with her or something?"

"I don't know what that means." I say and go to explain that I'm here to join New Wave.

"Hey, sorry to interrupt. But the adrenaline's wearing off, and I'm pretty sure I cracked a rip or two." Neil says. "Could really use a ride to the hospital."

I jog over intent on helping Neil up and flying him to a hospital. Wherever one is.

As I do so, I get blocked by Victoria as she puts herself in between me and the injured man.

"Uh-uh. I'll take him. I don't know you and I don't trust you."

"Oh, well to start, I'm Firebreather." I say.

"Kay, where's the rest of your costume?" She asks as she picks Neil up from under his shoulder.

"Vicks, I'mma save you from shoving your foot into your mouth. I think he's a Case 53. Not a breaker." Neil says as she floats him up.

"I don't know what either of those mean." I say honestly.

"That sounds about right." Neil says.

"Anyway, Kitsu. You said she's like your sister?" I ask.

"Only on paper." She mutters.

"Then that makes you either Glory Girl or Panacea. Which means you're a part of New Wave right?!"

"Yes, I am." She confirms curtly.

"Perfect! I'm here to join!" I say excitedly.

There's a bit of a silence before Neil says something.

"Where do all these people keep coming from?"




-Medhall General Hospital, 6:20pm-




Kitsu POV


I managed to convince dad to take a drive to hopefully cheer him up a bit. And he decided we might as well pick up Amy in the process seeing as she's done with whatever they needed her for. Only just as we're walking in.

"Okay, you can find Kitsu at Arcadia just after twelve tomorrow. And neither of you saw me here. If anyone asks. Lizard boy flew you all the way here." She says and turns around.

'DAMN IT VICKY!'

Only to stop wide eyed in horror as she sees dad, arms crossed and looking down at her. With me hiding behind his back. Peeking out slightly to see.

"Um, it's uh, not what it looks like?" She defends weakly.

"Tell that to your mother." Dad says. "Because it looks like you snuck out when you're supposed to be grounded."

"Well, you see-"

"Save it. We're here to pick up Amy. You can wait here."

Dad's mad! He's never mad!

"Would now be a bad time to introduce myself?" The orange scaled, winged blonde guy asks. Who is for some reason only in jeans.

"Yes." Neil says from the counter.

As that happens, Amy walks out the double doors that are past the check in. Looking at her phone and sipping from a juice box.

She looks up tiredly, and freezes like a deer in the headlights before slowly turning back around.

"Amy, come on. We're heading home. Neil, we'll catch up later. Vicky? Your coming with and you can explain to your mother why you're here, and not at home." He says sternly.

I hug his side to try and calm him down. And shoot Vicky a glare for upsetting him. Seriously, it's been a day. How stupid can you be?

"Hey, real quick, cracked ribs." Neil says raising a hand.

I run forward and heal him real quick. He has some internal bleeding, three broken ribs, a dislocated plate and a few fractures on twelve different bones. Not to mention the contusions.

I fix them with a few barely audible cracks. And he grits his teeth for a few seconds before standing up straight.

"Right, well. Thanks kid. Can I borrow someone's phone? I left mine at the site and Sarah's probably freaking out." He asks.

Dad tosses him his phone as Amy walks past me. I catch up and walk in step with her.

"I'll show them where the car is." I tell dad.

He reaches down and rubs my head affectionately as I walk past.

"Sure thing sweetie, I'll be there as soon as uncle Neil's done."




-Dallon House, 7pm-




I run out of the car and into the house before anyone else can.

Spotting mom on the couch as she looks up to see me. I go over and sit in her lap to nuzzle her.

"Hey there sweetheart." She says as she brings her arms up to hug me. "Go on and go to your room. I'm about to murder Vicky."

"But I wanna be with you!" I say and hold her arm.

"Kitsu, now. Or your plant privileges are revoked."

Well there go my hopes of keeping her calm.

I slide off her and run to my room just in time for dad to open the door.

"Amy, room. Mark, stay."

I go ahead and play my music again.

I don't care for Vicky. She can do whatever, hell she can join the merchants or the empire for all I care. But I care about mom, dad, and Amy. And Vicky's carefree, reckless, rush head in attitude is hurting them more than it is her.

"I just went out for a quick flight! I swear! It's not a big deal!"

Mom is afraid of New Wave crashing in blaze of scandals and disgrace like what happened to Team Go, another superhero family team. Amy loves Vicky and hates to see her in any sort of distress. Dad is left depressed as he doesn't know how to deal with all this.

And Vicky clearly doesn't see where she's going wrong with everything. Mom believes her when she says her powers are hard to control. But it's bullshit, she just doesn't care because she's never had to deal with any real consequences.

"Then why are you in costume?"




Mark 'Flashbang' Dallon POV


"Any time you want to patrol, and I mean any time. You are to stay with your father or me. Understood?! And if he goes on patrol, you go with him." Carol finally finishes. "And you see the specialist starting next week. Every Saturday."

"Mom please! You're making a bigger deal out of this than it is!" Vicky begs with tears in her eyes. "And that's not fair! Dad never patrols!"

"I've been patrolling at least twice a week for the last month with Kitsu." I add.

Though I'm ignored. I'm mostly just here to show unity between me and Carol, she takes the reins in these things.

"Am I? How about this, look at it from my perspective. You spend the better half of your life maintaining a team and movement, one that has almost no government funding, no outreach, and no sustainable recruitment. Then your daughter comes along." Carol starts.

"Mom I just-"

"Interrupt me again and you lose your phone." Carol stops her. "Good, now where was I? Oh right. Your daughter comes along, she has powers and joins the movement. Great, wonderful. Then it comes to turn out she's been leaving people near dead and crippled! All the while your other daughter has been playing clean up to ensure the other doesn't get in trouble. Not realizing that a single serious charge is all it takes to ruin everything you worked your ass off for and spitting in the face of the movements entire meaning of accountability." She nearly finishes. "And the best part? You ground her, and she says 'Fuck you mom! I do what I want!' and sneaks out the day after she's grounded."

Vicky is now full on crying.

The silence that follows is thick enough to be cut with a brick.

It's harsh, but true. I saw the possible charges. New Wave would not survive the scandal. And if we somehow did. The odds of others coming out against Vicky would ruin the image of capes taking accountability that we've built up.

"Is this a teenage rebellion thing? Is this just rebellious behavior?" Carol asks after a bit. "I don't, I just can't right now. Go to your room. If you sneak out again you're grounded until school starts next year."

Vicky gets up off the couch and hurries past to her room. Tears staining her face as she walks past.
Carol walks forward and takes the seat Vicky just had. While I sit next to her as she massages her temples.

*Crash*

And there goes Vicky's door again.

"Kitsu can you fix that?" Carol says aloud.

"Sure!" I hear from the other room.

Still not over how odd that is, that she can hear all of us from her room at all times.

"If it happens again we're getting rid of it." Carols says.

"That's a bit far don't you think?" I say.

"She clearly doesn't want it if she keeps breaking it." She counters.

I just sit here and hold her. We can't really do anything but wait for the woman Vicky put in a coma to wake up. And if she doesn't.

I'm taken from my thoughts as Kitsu pops her head around the corner.

"Done." She says.

"Thank you sweetheart." Carol says.

Kitsu walks over and sits down next to Carol. She then climbs over to sit on her knees and hug her. While placing a kiss on her forehead.

"Kitsu, what are you doing?" Carol asks.

"Loving on you. It makes me happy when you do it. So I figured it'd make you happy if I did it." She says simply with a shy smile.

"You're so sweet. Come here you little munchkin!" Carol groans and grabs her, pulling her in tight for a hug.

"Aah! I'm being attacked!" Kitsu squeals happily. "She's trying to squeeze me to death! Dad! Help!"

I chuckle to myself as I watch Kitsu's tail go crazy at Carol smothering her.

'Yeah, everything will work itself out.' I think to myself. 'Hopefully.'




-Tuesday April 20, Arcadia High-
-Biology class-




Kitsu POV


Mom and dad wouldn't let me skip. And I barely avoided getting in trouble for skipping first period while waiting for them to get up.

Anyway.

I'm heading out of Biology class when I'm stopped by Mrs. Kindley.

"You talked last week of you messing with your, biology powers." She says. "I was wondering if you had any results?"

"I do! I made Bluebells that chime and glow! As well as a glowing bleeding heart vine! And a glowing petunia." I list off.

"The chiming Bluebells sound interesting. I'd love to see those if you ever get a chance."

"Was that a pun?" I ask.

"It was, but to get to the point. I was wondering if you'd be interested in a few beetles. I have a friend in Boston who is a coleopterist, and was wondering if you'd be interested. He mostly studies the Iron-Clad Beetle. But he has a few of the more interesting ones as well. Including a few Bombardier beetles." She says.

'MINE!'

"Yes! I want~! I would love that! Including the Iron-Clad one. That sounds cool!" I say excitedly.

"I'll let him know. Also, is it possible to grow the flowers you made?"

"No, apparently it's against several laws to create a new species of anything and to introduce it to a new environment without going through proper channels. So I made them incapable of reproduction." I explain with a shake of my head.

She hums a little in at that.

"Just making sure you're being responsible with it." She says after a bit of thought.

"Don't worry. Mom won't even let me experiment without Amy nearby to supervise." I explain.

"Why Amy? Isn't she just a healer?" She asks with a tilt of her head.

"She is, but her power also comes with an extensive knowledge on how biology works. So she's able to know what's dangerous and what's not." I explain partially.

The number of people who know just what Amy can do can be counted on one hand with fingers left over. Even then, only me and Vicky know she can mess with brains.

"Right, well, that's all I wanted. I hope you have a good lunch." She says with a smile. "I'll let you know when I get those beetles."

"Thank you!" I tell her and head out.

I make my way straight home. I've decided to just not go to lunch the rest of the year. Either I sit with complete strangers, no. Or I sit on either side of the Wards. On one end is Dennis, and on the other is Vicky's tagalongs. And all they wanna do when I'm around is discuss my relationship with Vista. Or ask other things I'm not comfortable answering. Like if I use pet shampoo or regular shampoo.

I use pet shampoo for my tail. But that is not something I want people knowing. Only mom and dad know about that. And Amy, because she's eerily perceptive. But she hasn't said anything about it other than to confirm it.

Making my way back home I charge in and tackle dad, whose at the kitchen table with uncle Neil and aunt Sarah.

"Daddy!" I say as I land in his lap.

"Woah! Warn me next time Kiddo!" He says with a small laugh.

"Jesus, I nearly blasted you!" Sarah says.
Looking over I can see that uncle Neil is sitting back down and aunt Sarah is as well.

"Eh, wouldn't have done anything to me." I say with a shrug. "Dad! I need your help!"

"Not now sweetie, we're trying to figure something out." He says. "Maybe later."

"I don't have until later. I need to get this done before Sunday or Gully will have to go back the Wards." I explain.

"We're trying to figure out who attacked Neil and what they want." Sarah says. "Gully's life is not in danger."

"Can you give me a description? My thinker power relies on an abstract concept of memory. If you can give me enough details I can tell you more about them." I say.

Sarah and Neil share a look. And I take dads arm and wrap it around me while taking the other and putting it on my head. He immediately gets to work and I melt against him.

"Guess it wouldn't hurt. He was lanky, Caucasian, green eyed and had red hair. He controlled his own blood similar to the Marquis; made an entire body suit out of it." Neil says.

"Hmm, can you draw a picture? Of him in his body suit?" I ask.

"Yeah, easily." He says.

I hop down off of dad and go get my crayons and some printer paper. Coming back I hand them to Neil.

After a bit he draws up what looks like a Rorschach Spider-man. Which could only mean one thing.

"Cletus Kassidy. He's a true psychopath who murdered his grandma, mothers dog, and burned down the orphanage he was raised in after his mom died from his dad killing her. She was trying to murder him after she found out about the dog and his dad got life for killing her. I may have gotten some of those details wrong. But the gist of it is what matters." I say. "He goes by Carnage."

"Okay, blatant disregard of the unwritten rules aside. We were more concerned over his powers." Sarah says.

"Oh I highly doubt he'd care about the rules, he attacked out of costume and at your day job. But in regards to his powers. That's a bit more fuzzy. His power comes from his blood and his ability to harden and reinforce it. He has a healing factor and can lift several tons on his own, and he can walk on walls. Oh! And he has a limited capacity to shapeshift. Fire and high decibel sounds are his weakness." I explain. "Now! Come on! We gotta go!"

"Alright, where do we need to go?" Dad says as he stands up. "Neil, Sarah, are you alright if we cut it here?"

"Yeah, we should be good. We still need to talk to that Firebreather guy and he said he'd be around at one. And then there's that Ken kid's parents." Neil says.

"Ben." Sarah corrects.

"Good, now let's go!" I say and tug on dad's arm.

"I need to get my keys! And you still haven't said where we're going!" He says jovially.

"The Dockworkers Association!"




Finally!

Even being apart of a government approved cape team. Being labeled the eighth, arguably, strongest parahuman in North America. And a whole bunch of other stuff.

I still need my dad to walk me into place because I'm a child.

Anyway we're being escorted to the back office by Daniel Hebert himself. Who didn't believe the guy at the front when he said New Wave was here for him. So he came to see us himself and invited us back.

"Thank you for meeting with us on such short notice Mr. Hebert." Dad says as we walk through the office doors.

"It's quite alright. Besides, you said you have a proposal for the Dockworkers Association?" Daniel replies.

"Well, she does." Dad says and gestures down to me.

"Hi~!" I say and wave my hand.

He looks likes he's conflicted on whether or not to take me seriously. He purses his lips before taking a breath and giving a smile.

"Okay then, I'll assume you're being serious. So I'll hear you out." He finally says.

I give him a winning smile and activate my love me power.

"I wanna get the ferry up and running again!"
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus




Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane POV


It's taking some time. But I'm starting to understand what all these papers mean.

For one, there's P, O, and R values. P, refers to the classification of powers each vial has. Master, mover, tinker, things like that. O, is how unique the power is. R, determines the rate at which the vial produces deviancies, however what those deviances are is not explored. For all I know and can gather, it's likely a rate of how reliable the vial is to produce a certain power. A rate of 0 means a near guarantee of deviancy, meaning the vial's recorded data is unreliable. Whereas a score of 5 is highly reliable.

There's a single R-0 in here. Might use it to see what happens if nothing else. Though there is the note that on average, there's a twenty percent chance someone who takes a random vial will die. And I have no way of knowing who will or won't die.

I'm thinking I can make it into an aerosol. Turn the vial into a gas that'll evaporate and cling to the closest compatible individual. Get a group in a room and unleash the gas. The trouble is getting it to occupy a greater volume of space. For some reason the liquid in the vials refuse to take up a greater amount of space. Even when separated! It makes no sense!

"There's something I'm missing." I muse to myself.
I'm not willing to waste these on a one in five chance. I don't know how to recover them if they kill the person.

I'll have to come back to this later. I've been here all day and I still gave a gang to run.

Not to mention Cletus's failed hit to deal with.




Bonus dos




Mike "Lightstar" Freeman POV


"What are you thinking about honey?" My wife, Amanda, asks from the counter of our kitchen. "You've been awfully quiet all day."

"New Wave." I reply simply.

"What about them? I thought you didn't like talking about that part of your life." She says as she finishes up with the dishes.

"I don't. I haven't heard about them in years. Haven't even thought about them in months." I answer. "Now they got a new face, and they didn't need to be born into it. Well, kinda, she's a Case 53. So I doubt she had any choice on having a secret identity."

"And I'm guessing hearing about them all over social media is bringing back bad memories?" She asks.

"Yeah, that damned movement. Bringing kids into it? Sacrificing any chance they could get at a normal life?" I leave the rest unsaid.

"Let's just go to bed. It's late and there's no use fretting over what can't be changed." She tells me.

"Yeah, you're right." I say and follow her out the kitchen.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N If Carnage seemed weaker than what he should be. That's because he is. He's controlling his blood to make himself stronger and faster, and Worm is a world where Capes develop new uses for their powers by battling other capes. And Cletus has never fought a cape before, for all intents and purposes. This is Cletus's first super powered fight.
He is by all rights a new cape.

He will get stronger.

.
The entire Ferry idea goes to Sarah2cold. And it'll be expanded on in the next chapter.

.
I actually did the math for how long it would take Firebreather to reach Brockton Bay.

Vegas to Boston is about 2715 miles. And I put Firebreather's flight speed at roughly 50mph when flying in a straight line.

And that's an underestimate. In the movie he caused, and then out sped, an avalanche. Those things can reach an upwards of 200 miles per hour.
Taking away 28 hours for seven hours of sleep a day. And he'd reach Boston, which is just south of Brockton, in four days going 40 mph. Seeing as Nye county is further west than Vegas, and Brockton Bay is further north of Boston. I find four days to be reasonable assuming he's going full speed.

Damn, I felt a little like Wiz from Death Battle there.
.
QUESTIONS!
FOR NEWB
.
FOR Kitsu

.
As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas moving forward.

Link to the discord server: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro

Find me in the channel newb's-grotto
Last edited: Apr 17, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt, odinori and 267 others
Newb to the game
Apr 16, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 28 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Apr 26, 2024
Add bookmark
#243
A/N Pile up.
Alt title: Where do all these people come from?!
.
Just so you guys know. The whole 'Caught red handed' was both a reference to Vicky and Carnage.

And because nobody got it. Scarecrows name is a JoJo reference. Because he's Joseph, son of Jonathan.
Oh well.

And I know Amy's middle name is Claire not Lavender, but that makes no sense.
Her birth name is
Amelia Claire Lavere
Adopted name?
Amy Claire Dallon

It's stupid. The whole point is to hide her.



Disclaimer: I don't own Worm or any other characters in this work, other than my OC. All other characters belong to their respective properties.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-Dockworkers Association, Tuesday, April 20th, 1pm-




Kitsu POV


"And so, with the ferry docks back up and running, it'll give the workers jobs. And even then. There are jobs available on the ferry for those who need it." I explain.

"That's all well and good. But you'll still need to get the Mayor on board. He's been against reviving the ferry for the last five years. And he refuses to put any money into it outside of keeping it clean and buying a new sign every few months." Mr. Hebert explains.

"That's the good part. He will agree. Because I'm buying the ferry from the city. I'm footing the bill for repairs and modifications and I intend to pay property taxes for its use." I explain.

He starts getting red in the face and sets his glasses down. Rubbing his eyes he continues.

"Now I know you're messing with me. That would cost approximately five hundred million just buy and fix the thing. An added twelve thousand a month for upkeep and taxes, not including paying the workers." He explains as he puts his glasses back on. "If you were buying a functional ferry, I could see you pulling this off. The tourism and renting of goods and services on the boat would turn a profit. But making returns on the initial purchase?"

"Mr. Hebert, I assure you. I have the funds. Are you aware there's bounties in place for defeating or destroying S-class threats?" I ask.

"What does that have to do with anything?" He asks in exasperation.

"Google Eagleton real quick." I say.

He gives a small glare before turning to his box computer. After a bit of typing and reading. I can actually see my image on the computer in the reflection of his glasses.

A few seconds of scrolling and his jaw is slowly falling. I can hear dad next to me trying not to laugh.

"I am likely one of the richest children to ever live. I can buy the ferry, pay for it. And keep it held up more than long enough to make a profit." I say seriously. "I just need you on board. Then I can book an appointment with the Department of Transportation and look into buying the necessary permits and property."

In all honesty? A good seventy percent of this plan is thanks to Wade giving me a breakdown of the data. I don't understand, any of it.

"Kid, if you can pull it off. You have my full support. I can write up a few things for a contract, get in touch with the workers, hash things out. Till then I look forward to hearing from you." He says as he stands up, extending his hand.

I reach up, stretching a little on my tippy toes to take his hand for a handshake. And, taking the opportunity, I scan his brain.

Yep, he's an untriggered parahuman too. Corona Pollentia right there.

Coming back I shake his hand firmly.

"You saw everything! You're my witness when mom asks for proof." I say as I point to dad with my remaining hand.

"Sure thing." He says with a smile.

"Oh, and tell Taylor I said hi." I say, turning back to Daniel.

"You know my daughter?" He asks wide eyed.

"She came to the signing a bit ago to get my autograph with her friend Emma. Funnily enough Emma is the daughter of my mom's coworker and friend! Small world." I explain.

"Huh, didn't know Alan was friends with Brandish." Daniel says. "Well, I'll let her know you said hi. And it was a pleasure talking with you."

We head back to the car, and I go back to the back seat. Apparently I need to be either four foot nine or taller, or weigh over eighty pounds to ride in the front seat. Which is bull!

"You handled that well sweetie." Dad says as he starts the car.

"Thanks!" I say happily. "Quick question, why is it the Department of Transportation that deals with purchasing city property?" I ask.

"You'd have to ask your mother. Now, let's get home and check to make sure your sisters are there and not off somewhere. Then we can head to town hall." He says as we enter traffic.

I pull out my phone and text Amy to make sure.
(PanPan! Is Vicky at the house with u?)-K

…

(Stop calling me that)-A

(And yes)-A

(NEVER! PANPAN 4EVER!)-K

(Do u ever get tired of being extra?)-A

(No)-K




-Pelham House, 1:13pm-




Sarah "Lady Photon" Pelham POV


"So what do you know about New Wave?" I ask the shirtless orange teen.

"I know you accept people like me and that you're good people. That's good enough." He says genuinely.

"That's all well and good. But so are the PRT." Neil says.

"Pfft, those guys? All they ever do is try and capture me with nets or foam. Never even said hi or anything." He says with a role of his eyes.

Honestly? Probably. The PRT's priorities are wildly different depending on the ruling director. Armstrong prefers to research and accumulate knowledge on parahumans. Piggot prefers to focus on image and keeping parahumans integrated with society.

"Still, we need to know you understand our principles and the message we uphold." I say.

"Well, tell me what they are." He says with a shrug. "You're heroes. Can't be anything bad."

I love the faith and optimism. But he's clearly naïve.

"Well for one, our main message that we send with our movement is capes with accountability." I say.

"I know that. Is there anything else?" He asks.

"We do work with the PRT. We make reports and hand over villains. As well as doing joint patrols when possible." I inform him.

"Why? The PRT are a bunch of bullies and glory hounds." He asks with a frown.

"Because, despite any contention we have with them. They're still the government. We can't work against them without breaking the law. And that would make us villains." Neil explains for me.

"Oh, I guess that makes sense." He relents.

"Mom, dad! We're home!" I hear Crystal shout.

"In the kitchen! We have a guest over!" I shout to them. "And be nice!"




Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV


"Why would she say, be nice?" Eric asks with a raised brow.

"I don't know." I say with a shrug. "Maybe it's someone from the PRT?"

"If that's the case then I'm going straight to my room. Need to study up on my algebra." He says as he heads for the stairs.

"You go do that popsicle stick. I'mma check out who's here." I say and turn for the kitchen.

"Hey! The hair is cool, don't diss the doo just cause you can't pull it off."

"Pfft! Seriously? You look like you got dunked in bucket of Gatorade." I say with a laugh.

"Yeah? Well, you! Damnit!" He says before stomping upstairs.

Laughing a bit at his frustration I go to check on our 'guest', and see what's up.

I walk into the kitchen and immediately stop to look at the broad shouldered, chiseled, sharp features of the shirtless man at the table.

'Helllooo~ Nurse!' I find myself thinking. 'Why isn't he wearing a shirt? Why is he at our table? Why is he orange?'

I take in the sight before I'm snapped out of my thoughts by mom literally snapping her fingers.

"What? Um, hi. Who're you? I'm Crystal." I say as I take a seat across from him and extend a hand.

"S'up! Nice ta meetcha! I'm Firebreather." He says as he shakes my hand. "I'm just talking to your parents about joining New Wave."

Getting a better look at him I see that his skin is scaled as well as. And he has small spikes extruding from his head. Which I guess would make them horns. And I think I see red wings folded against his back.

"You are? Well that means you'll be doing patrols and you'll need someone to show you the ropes of cape life." I throw out there.

What? He's hot! And clearly has the confidence to rock it shirtless.

"I guess." He says with a shrug.

"We haven't got there yet." Dad says. "We're still briefing him on the ins and outs of being a member of New Wave."

"And we need to get ahold of your aunt Carol and see about making him a legal U.S. citizen. And that's if we take him on as a new member." Mom says.

'Can't you see what I'm trying to do?' I think incredulously.

"Well, if you manage to become a member of New Wave. How about I give you my number?" I say sweetly. "In case you have questions or concerns?"

"I don't own a phone." He says with a sad smile.

'Foot, meet mouth.'




Sarah "Lady Photon" Pelham POV


'Oh, she isn't.'

"Well, I uh. How about you stop by more often? I'm off school after twelve and this summer I'm mostly free." She continues.

'She is.' I think to myself.'

My daughter is hitting on an orange scaled boy with wings. Not that there's anything wrong with that! But it's surprising. She went all of high school and only dated twice. And neither lasted more than a month. And both times they asked her out. At least as far as I'm aware.

"Sure! I don't really have much else to do other than introduce myself to the Dallons. And wait for that citizen thing license to go through. But sure!" He says excitedly, clearly not seeing what's going on.

"Well, we got just about everything covered here. You got a place to stay Firebreather? Somewhere we can come get you if need be?" Neil asks.

"I've been camping in the woods just out of town. So I can't really give an address." He says simply.

"You can stay with us." Crystal offers.

"We don't have anywhere to put him." I interject, knowing her intentions for the boy.

"I couldn't ask you to anyways. Besides, roughing it is what I'm used to." He says as he stands up.

He stretches and pops his back before flexing and stretching his wings. Popping the joints in those as well.

Looking over to Crystal I'm treated to the sight of her staring with a small smirk.

"Well, it's been nice talking to you Fire, we'll see you sometime soon." Neil says as he stands up and puts a hand out to shake.

"Looking forward to it, try not to get attacked till then. Can't promise I'll be there to save your ass next time." He says as he takes the hand.

They give a firm shake and Neil walks him out while I look to Crystal.

"So, want to explain that?" I ask with a teasing smirk.

"What? He's new and he's going to need someone to help him out. Besides you and dad both have full time jobs and I'm graduating this year. I can spend the summer showing him the ropes." She says with a calm smile.

"You seemed to really be chomping at the bit to 'show him the ropes'. Sure that's all you're trying to show him?" I ask.

She gets up and starts walking past. "I don't know what you're talking about. If you need me I'll be in my room."

She walks past and I can't help but try to embarrass her further.

"Yeah, just keep it down and remember to turn off your history. You know we can check that through the wifi if you don't." I call to her.

"Don't know what you're talking about!" She says from the hall.

"Why do kids always seem to forget we were once their age." I ask myself.

Neil walks back in and sits down.

"So, when are that Ben's kids coming by?" He asks. "And did Crystal seem odd to you? I thought she was stepping away from New Wave to focus on her career."

"Neil honey, you're lucky you're cute." I tell him. "And they should be by in about half an hour."

He gives confused look before speaking.

"What is that supposed to mean?" He asks.

I give a playful smile and rest my head in my hands before answering.

"It means they will be here in about thirty minutes." I say coyly.

"Before that." He says with a frown.

"Don't worry about it." I say and lean over to plant a kiss on his chin.

"I am very much worrying about it. I feel like you insulted me." He says.

"Well, I can't help how you choose to feel." I tell him.

"Just, you. Nevermind." He says as he gives up.

'Smart man.' I think to myself.




-Town hall, 3:32pm-




Kitsu POV


Five days. That's the waiting period. Five business days.

I DON'T HAVE THAT TIME!

"Sweetie, it'll be alright. We'll talk to Carol and have everything sorted out." Dad says to calm me down.

"Dad, father, adult human male who is my caretaker, I have until Sunday. The waiting period is five days, not including the weekend. And today is Tuesday!" I stress. "I really want Gully to be a member! And Firebreather! If I can't find a solution, wait." I stop pacing around as I get an idea. "Maybe Lung has a few apartments he can spare."

I pull out my phone and go to dial for Kenta before dad snatches it out of my hands! Thief!

"You're not calling Lung. Kitsu, you're overreacting. We'll talk to Carol and get everything sorted. Besides, you still need to get repairmen and hire a market team. Not to mention an HR department, and submit the proper permits to operate the ferry in the first place. It's a good idea kiddo. But it's not getting done in a week."

"Doesn't New Wave have a marketing team? Why can't we use them?" I ask.

"It's because of these neat little pain in butts called contracts. If we want to use them for marketing the ferry we'd have to renegotiate the terms of our already existing contract. I think." He says unsurely.

"You think?" I ask flatly.

"Hey I leave the legal stuff to your mother. Now come on, we need to get home." He says and picks me up.

He hands me back my phone and proceeds to carry me out of the building.

"How about a patrol around the Docks? Would that cheer you up?" He asks. "We can end the day at that Chinese place you go on about."

"Won't Vicky have to come?" I ask.

"Yes. And that shouldn't be a problem." He says. "You two can get some bonding in."

"Dad, in all the time I've been here, she's thrown me out the door, literally. Slammed me into the floor, coerced a guy into dating me when he didn't want to, lied to me. And kept me up on at least two occasions with how often she snuck Dean over." I say to him with a frown. "And that's just the things off the top of my head! And that's not including the recent mess she's caused everyone!"

"She's a good person sweetie. She's just, made some mistakes." He says as we reach the car.

"Some?" I say as he sets me down.

"Nobodies perfect kiddo." He says as he closes the door.

"I'm perfect-ly fine with her not coming with us." I say as he enters.

"Well, you need to be perfectly fine with her coming with." He says. "Because it's either that, or we stay home."

"Hmrm. I choose home. Amy is there and I can experiment some more." I mumble out.

"Alright, seatbelt."




-Meanwhile, Great Falls, Montana-




Nightcrawler POV

*BAMF*

"Shietze! Verdammte holle!" I pant out as reach the top of the building.

I lay down and catch my breath. I don't even know how long I've been going! I've been essentially racing the sun! And I'm running late!

I get back up and get ready to go again.

"Come on Night, almost there. You can do it." I tell myself as I look out over the horizon.

*BAMF*




-Dallon house, 3:30pm-




Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon POV


This is bullshit! It's not fair!

If Amy was with me or I could have just called her over none of this would've happened! But no. She was too busy watching over Kitsu's date with Missy. And now I'm grounded!

Dad's with the family pet out doing something. I don't know. So I'm stuck here in my room.

"Vicky? Can you come here?" I hear dad call.

"Yeah! I'm coming!" I say and roll off my bed.

I step out and walk through the hall towards the living room. Meeting dad in the living room. No tagalong in site, which is rare. Usually if the two are in the same building they're glued together.

"Where's the midget?" I ask.

"Kitsu, is in her room. She's staying home today with Amy while you and I go on patrol. So come on, go get suited up." Dad says.

"Wait, seriously?" I ask in surprise.

"Seriously. She chose to stay home and work with her plants." Dad says. "Now hurry up. We got an hour before I have to pick up your mother."

I lift off and glide to my room.

"No flying in the house!"

I get to my room and quickly change out of my day clothes and into my hero outfit. Luckily it's easy to put on seeing as I don't need armor unlike mom or dad.

Once I'm suited up I head out and wait in the living room. A few minutes later dad walks in, padded white suit with green accents.

"Alright, let's go. We'll be doing a patrol around the block neighborhood. After that we've gotta be back before four forty." He says.

"What?! But that's less than an hour!" I protest.

"It's all we get today." He says and steps past me.
I follow him regardless as we make our way out the door and to the car.

"Wait, we're not patrolling in the car, are we?" I ask in disbelief.

"What do you girls have against the car?" He asks back in the same tone.

"Dad, it's a sedan. Doesn't exactly say, run criminal scum! More, on our way to a recital!" I inform him.

He just stares for a bit before opening the passenger door.

"Just get in." He says tiredly.




Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV


As I'm driving down the street, I can't help but think on recent events, and what should be done. Or rather what could be done, what I could do.

Off topic but funnily enough, Kitsu had said damn near the same thing when it came to patrolling in the car. Only she said 'halt criminal scum!' and 'on our way to soccer practice!'.

"So, why did you sneak out yesterday?" I ask, breaking the silence.

"We still on that? Didn't mom grill me hard enough?" She asks with a frown and crosses her arms.

"She did." I relent. "But I want to understand why you did it."

She broods silently as I continue driving. I'm turning a corner when she finally pipes up.

"I just thought that if I could find a crime and stop it. I could show mom I'm not out of control." She says softly.

"We don't think you're out of control. We think you're getting out of control." I tell her.

"What's the fucking difference?!" She asks as she slaps her legs in frustration.

"Hey, language! And the difference is that if you were out of control. You wouldn't be grounded, you'd be arrested." I point out.

She goes deathly silent at that. And I can tell she either doesn't believe me, or doesn't want to believe me.

"Vicky, look. We love you, and we want what's best for you. And if that means enforcing consequences so that you don't repeat your mistakes. Or heaven forbid make worse ones." I give a small shrug. "We will. We just don't want you ruining your life."


"The only thing ruining my life is that pint sized pipsqueak." She grumbles.

"Vicky you know that's not true." I tell her.

"If she wasn't here then Amy would've been with me! And all this would've been avoided!" She explains.

"I get that. But you have to realize Amy won't always be there. Sure if Kitsu wasn't there Amy would've gotten to you." I concede. "But can you honestly say Amy will always be there? It only takes one time. And what if that one time, the person died?"

"I would've held back if I knew." She counters.

"Now you see, that implies you can hold back. That you know how to restrain yourself and that you're choosing not to." I point out. "Are you? Be honest, I won't tell your mother."

She says nothing and just folds her arms again. Staring back out the window.

"I get it." I say sympathetically. "That desire to let loose, to use your powers to their fullest at any opportunity. The frustration at holding back."

"Sure you do." She says sarcastically.

"We all feel it. That need to use our abilities. Why do think Amy is always at the hospital? Or why Kitsu literally cannot go a day without doing something with her powers. Hell your mother took almost no convincing to start using her powers on Kitsu to fuel her."

"Then why don't you go out more often?
If everyone with powers has this need, why aren't you out there lobbing balls at people left and right?" She demands to know.

"First of all, tone, I'm your father, not your child. Second of all?" I give a shrug as I turn another stoplight. "There are two reasons. Firstly is because it gets better with age. Secondly, well. Most days I barely have the energy to brush my own teeth, much less get up, get dressed up, and go out."

"Oh, right." She says quietly.

"I'm not going to say I know exactly what it's like. I don't and it'd be a bold faced lie. I'm just saying, you're not alone in how you feel." I try to explain.

"Sure."

And I've lost her.

That's the response I'd give my parents when I was done and just let them ramble. If I keep going she'll be like, okay, I get it, really?

"Alright, let's head home." I say.

"Finally." She rolls her eyes.

'Parenting is a journey Mark, not a destination.' I remind myself of my fathers words.




Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV


*Poof*

"Darn it!" Kitsu shouts in frustration at the sunflower's stem popping.

"I told you."

She's been trying to make a bio generator. Only she's given up on electricity and has resorted to combustion.

"Kitsu, stop. I'm sure if we ask Carol she'll get in touch with someone and get you an electric eel. Just be patient." I say and reverse the damage to the modified sunflower.

I'll admit that I've come to enjoy these little sessions. It's always interesting to see what she comes up with and how they work. Even if it is just frankensteining various features. It's still fun to see how she makes them work.

I tried explaining how the organs of the eel work. But she's a kinesthetic learner. She has to learn by doing, not by being told.

"Look, just take a break okay? How about you work on something else? What about those bugs you grabbed?" I ask and jerk a finger towards her plastic bug farm in the corner.

"I need more space for all that. I wanna make trees that can do all sorts of things as an attraction for the ferry!" She rants.

The ferry, her big idea for New Wave. She actually spent a bit of rushing around and writing on papers for Carol to look at before working on the sunflower.

"You do realize it'll take at least a decade or two to make returns on that thing?" I ask.

"Amy, I'm immortal. Twenty years means nothing to me in the long run." She states.

It is genuinely easy to forget she'll outlive us all. And that she even made so she can't have kids because she'll outlive those too.

"Right, how do you deal with that?" I ask.

"Deal with what?" She asks.

"The knowledge that you'll outlive us." I clarify.

She stops for a second. Her tail losing its normal sway, her eyes and ears gaining a slight droop to them.

"I, try not to think about it. But, eventually. In a few hundred years, when I'm just done with existence, I imagine I'll just. Wipe my own memory, start over. Maybe leave myself a few clues as to who I was." She says sadly.

I need to stop bringing that up. This is the second time I've asked her about her immortality and for the second time I'm depressed because of it.

"Well, I gotta go to the bathroom. I'll be back!" She says.

In a classic gust of wind, she's gone.

I look back to the sunflower she left behind.

'I mean, it's just once.' I think to myself. 'She's clearly better at restraining herself than I am. And I'll just make it one time. It's not like I'm modifying a person. Besides, this can be an apology for bringing up the whole immortal thing. And Carol clearly doesn't think anything of the whole, modification thing.' I reason.

Reaching out to the plant. I let go a little and modify the structure. Normally I have to keep a strong hold on my power. To keep it from just letting loose and rearranging everything. Now it's just a matter of directing the flow of my power as opposed to stopping it. Like, instead of a dam to hold it back as it fights me the whole way. I'm just, pointing in a direction. And it's listening!

Adding electrocytes to the stems pathway. Modifying a few things. Making it so that it's more efficient and won't just electrocute anyone who touches it.

Should add an insulative element to it. Have it produce a natural rubber on the outside of the stem. Extend the flower head to receive more light. No, it won't be a seeding plant so I can just discard that. Move a few things around with the extra room. The petals are black now to absorb more light. Make the electric organs one way so they can be controlled.
And done!

It looks like a normal sunflower. If not for the thicker stem and black petals. And the blue center that releases the electricity through a special feeder root when disturbed.

That was, fun. Great really. It felt good to finally let loose on something. And I didn't hurt anyone!

"Okay I'm back and-" Kitsu says, appearing before me in another gust of wind.

Before stopping to notice the newly created plant.

"Huh? Did, did you?" She asks as she reaches for it.
She takes a moment to look in and view it.

"That's awesome! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!" She says as she hugs my legs tight.

"Yeah just. Don't get used to this. This is a one time thing." I tell her. "I just didn't want you blowing up the house with your methane experiments."

She looks up at me. "Thank you. I love it and it's amazing." She says sincerely as she looks me in the eye.

I'm filled with a fuzzy warmth I normally only get around Vicky. Or when m-Carol is nice to me. And I'm finding I enjoy the appreciation. It feels, genuine, sincere, wholesome.

It feels like the first few times I healed people at the hospital and they thanked me. Before it became routine and their thanks felt hollow.

"Just don't expect this again. Okay? And if anyone asks, you managed to figure it out on your own." I tell her seriously as I return the hug.

"Okay PanPan!" She says excitedly as she nuzzles my stomach. "I promise, I'll take all the credit."

"Don't ruin the moment."




-Law firm, 5:12pm-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


I step out just in time for Mark to pull up.

I go through the routine of stepping in, tossing my bag to the floor, and undoing my hair tie.

"Got good news." I say as I buckle in.

"What's that? Got a high paying case?" He asks.

"I wish." I say with a laugh. "No, the girl Vicky put in a coma woke up. She's decided not to press any charges in exchange for paying her medical bill."

"That's great! But, what bill? Amy healed her and she does it for free." He asks confused.

"The room she took up. It's about twelve hundred altogether."

"That's absurd!" Mark exclaims.

"She didn't have insurance. It would've been higher but she left the hospital the night she woke up. So she was technically only there a day and a half." I explain. "Besides, all things considered it's a small price to pay."

"When you put it like that, it sounds like we're trying to bribe her silence." He says.

"If that's what it takes." I say simply.

It's an ugly truth, but a truth nonetheless. If an NDA and bribe would keep New Wave afloat and Vicky out of the birdcage. Then that's what it would take.

Mark is silent the rest of the way home. We step out of the car and we both just share a look.

"So, who turn is it take the brunt of Kitsu's 'welcome home' greeting?" I ask cheerfully.

"I spent the day with her, I already got it when she came home today and nearly scared Neil and Sarah to death." He offers, resting his arms on the roof of the car.

"I'm not as physically strong as you. And I just spent the whole day at work." I counter.

"I just spent half the day with your sister and her husband, and the other half with Kitsu running all over town, and an hour patrolling with Vicky." He shoots back.

"You already mentioned spending time with her." I point out. "And I make the money."

In response he holds up his keys with that damnable smirk.

"I'm the one with a drivers license." He says.

I stare at him before turning to the sidewalk leading to our door.

"Fine, but next time is your turn." I say as I turn the handle and step in, preparing myself for the munchkin.

I fully step inside and sure enough.

"Mommy!"

I brace myself as she slams into my legs and hugs me tight.

"Alright." I say and crouch down to pick her up.
I plant a quick kiss on her forehead as I place her on my hip and carry her out of Marks way. She holds me tight and gives her signature nuzzle as I walk.

"Did you miss me?" She asks.

"Sure." I say and set her down on the couch. "You can tell me all about your day after I get out of this suit. Okay?"

"Kay! I'll stay back and annoy dad." She says and runs over to him.

She latches onto his leg as I walk away. I walk past her door and look in to see what she'd been up to.

'A black sunflower. Okay then.' I think as I walk away.
I walk through the kitchen and spot Amy at the table. Sipping at a cup of coffee.

"Isn't it a bit late to be drinking coffee?" I ask her.

"Mrm." She grunts out without even turning to look at me. "It's seven in the morning somewhere."

"Nice to know one of my daughters is an addict." I say as I walk past.

Finally getting to my room I plop down on the bed and just lay there as I let my brain shut off for a minute. After a bit I hoist myself up and get undressed. Changing out into my house clothes I walk out and to the living room. Passing Amy again as I do.

"You're going to be up all night." I say as I walk past.

"No I won't." She replies simply.

Standing in the archway to the living room. I watch as Mark is holding a squirming Kitsu out and away from him.

"This is unlawful detainment!" She shouts.

"Oh yeah? Prove it." Mark says.

"Witness!" She shouts and points to me.

Mark looks over to me.

"Well, crap. I don't suppose your silence could be bought?" He asks.

I lean on the wall with a hand on my hip.

"I don't know, what are you offering?" I ask coyly.

"Betrayal! I doth been stabbith in mine back!" Kitsu cries out and squirms harder.

Mark then holds her to his side like a ball and puts his free hand to his chin.

"Hmm, how about, Ahaha!" He starts before Kitsu reaches up to tickle his armpits.

He drops her and she jumps away.

"Freedom!" She cheers. "Oh! Mom! I need to talk to you."

"Alright, sure. What do you need?" I ask as I step away and towards her.

"Wait here!" She says and runs past me to her room.

"So what's this about?" I ask Mark.

"Her plan to house Gully and Firebreather." He says with a shrug.

"I'm back!" She says as she appears in front of me with a bunch of papers in a folder.

"Okay, let's hear it." I say and sit on the couch and Mark sits next to me.

She spreads the papers out on the coffee table and starts going through them.

"Okay, so I already talked to the head of the Dockworkers Association. But my main plan is to buy the ferry and get it back up and running. I can pay for the repairs and modifications it needs. After that we can either modify part the ferry that'll be inaccessible to the public to be housing for the new recruits. If that's too inconvenient we can modify the ferry stations themselves. I was thinking the southern station since it's closer to us and can be easier accessed in case something happens." She says and takes a breath before continuing. "Overall repairs and outright purchase, as well as legal work and getting the proper permits to operate, and setting aside funds to pay the dockworkers until the ferry starts making returns. All of it may come to an upwards of five hundred million. But shouldn't exceed that, we can rent out spots on the ferry and at the dock stations to various small businesses for a small fee and percent of profit they make from the spots."

'Damn.' I think as I grab a few papers and look through them.

"All things considered, even if we only rent out half the spots and don't make any profit from those. We'll still be able to break even on the purchase in about ten to fifteen years." She continues. "And that's not including any New Wave merchandise we plan to sell on the boat."

Looking through the various pages and documents she has strewn about. I see that she's right.

"How long did it take you to figure this out?" I ask.

"I called Wade and had him pull up and compile the data. He came up with a long term plan that would pay off the initial purchase while still providing funds for the housing and allowing us to make a profit." She says excitedly. "The only issue is that it can't be done in a week."

"What do you mean? Of course it isn't getting done in a week." I scoff. "This will take till the middle of June at the earliest."

"But you said I had a week." Kitsu says.

"A week to come up with something. Not a week to do something." I tell her.

She stares at unblinking for a good moment before Mark gives a small chuckle.

"I told you it was going to be fine." He says.

"I had this whole speech planned out where I was going to convince you to give me more time. Going through the pros and cons." She says lightly. "But now I'm just going to go and scream into my pillow for the next ten minutes."

Without any delay she slowly walks off to her room.

"She was stressing over that deadline the since about three." Mark says with a laugh. "I told her everything would be fine."

I laugh a bit at that.

"Well, might as well look through all of this." I say as I grab the ten or so papers.

It's honestly a rather detailed plan to make money from the ferry. And there's a paper where she details possible things she could market with her biokinesis. And there's a note to call a Matt Murdock to discuss PRT approval.

'I don't remember any Matt Murdock from the PRT.' I think in confusion. 'Must be something Kitsu got mixed up.'




-Dallon house, Wednesday, April 21st, 7:45am-




Nightcrawler POV


*BAMF*

"Okay!" I pant out. "Just, einen moment."

I hunch over and nearly heave up my lunch.

"Are, are you okay?" Pinky asks.

"I'm fine, I'm fine. But I can't stay here, and this is where I leave you." I say as I stand up and turn to the young girl.

She's currently dressed in a grey, baggy hoodie with the hood up to cover her face. Black baggy sweats and old sneakers. She's wearing gloves as well, making her attempts at hiding herself have the opposite effect.

"Why not? Don't you work for miss Faultline?" She asks.

"I do, I do. But you can't go to her, she's not right for you." I say sadly, still catching my breath.

"W, why not? Aren't you good people? Why would, who are you taking me to?" She asks fearfully.

"We are! We are, we're good people I promise. But, not everyone sees us like that." I try to get out.

"Why not?" She asks confused.

"Because, we often times have to do things others don't want us to do in order to survive and get by. If you go with us, got with Faultline, you'll be stuck with us forever." I try to explain.

"What's wrong with that? If you're good people, then that's fine with me." She presses.

"Because, because better people than us will always be after you! You'll never be allowed outside freely again." I stress.

"How is that any different than how I've been living before?!" She shouts. "At least with all of you I'll have people to help me! People who understand me!" She protests.

"You'll get all of that here too!" I tell her. "They welcome our kind. And better yet, they're not shackled down and forced to hide."

I place a hand on her should and crouch to look her in the eyes.

"Look, they'll give you love and support. Just as much as we would. But they can give you more than us. I'm sorry." I tell her.

I look up and notice a few people are looking through their curtains. On their phones and likely calling the PRT.

I pull Pinky in for a hug.

"Look, just give them a chance." I whisper softly into her ear. "If they don't work out, ask Kitsu to take you to the Palanquin. I have to go now."

I separate from her and give a wide smile. Glancing to a building in the distance, I leave.

*BAMF*

'Melanie's going to be pissed.'




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


'Another day, another dollar. At least I'm off tomorrow.' I think to myself as I tie up my hair.

This week has been stressful. What with Gully, then what happened with Vicky, then with Neil and Firebreather and Vicky. Then with Kitsu's plan for the ferry. I need a break.

I'm walking through the house, followed by Mark. And as I open the door I'm greeted to the site of the most suspicious looking person ever. I'm immediately put on guard by the stalker looking individual. Likely a young teen based on the height.
Then again Kitsu is close to a young teen and barely reaches my waist.

"Oh! Um, hi, I'm, my name is Pinky. Or, at least that's um what I was called, am called. I um, I was, is now a bad time?" She stutters and fidgets. "I'll just go, if you want."

She turns around and goes to walk away before I grab her hood and pull it down. Revealing bright, frizzy pink hair.

And as she turns around in shock, I get a good look at her matching pink skin, wide gold eyes with black sclera. And I can see the nubs of curly yellow horns poking out the front of her hair.

'Another one!' I think in disbelief.

"Come in." I say exasperated and turn around. "Mark, keep an eye on her while I call my work. Again." I say as walk back inside. Not hearing any footsteps I turn around to see her not following.

"Well?" I ask.

She tentatively follows. And I realize that I'm not likely to get a break anytime soon.




-12:21pm-




Kitsu POV


I get home, and notice something, off.

For one there's the faint scent of ash that's present at the door. Along with a stronger scent of citrus and mildew that's leading to the door.

I walk up and slowly open the door, stepping in I take a few whiffs of the air. Mom and dad are both still home. Odd. And that scent of citrus and mildew is very present.

I turn invisible and stalk through the house. Creeping around the living room, sneaking past my room and the hall closet. Turning the corner and coming into the kitchen I spot the source of the unfamiliar scent.

'Mina?' I think curiously. 'I mean, All Might exists, so it's not really a stretch to see others here. Just raises the question of who else from that world is here. And what is she doing here!?'

"Alright Pinky, we called a friend and they'll be over shortly with some clothes for you." Dad says as he walks in from the hall on the other side of the kitchen.

"Thank you. Again I'm sorry to put this all on you guys." She says.

"And again, it's no problem. Besides, we're getting used to this." Dad says with a chuckle.

I decide this is where I pop in. She's clearly not here to cause trouble so there's no need to set up a sneak attack.

"Daddy!" I say as I turn visible and jump up into his arms.

"Whoa! Still getting used to that." He says as he catches me.

I squirm around and crawl up him to sit on his shoulders. I close my eyes and nuzzle his head as I take in his scent. It's a calming thing for me.

"And I'm sure you already know about my hat, Kitsu." He says gesturing to me.

"Hi!" I say and give a wave without looking.

I hear mom walking up behind and she tugs my skirt down as she walks past.

"Your underwear were showing." She says quietly as she walks past.

I blush a bit at the embarrassment that is me flashing my mom. Rather than say anything I tuck my head down to hide my face in dad's hair.

"Where are Amy and Vicky?" Mom asks.

"Still at school." I answer through dad's hair. "Lunch doesn't get out till twelve thirty."

I hear mom move a chair and sit down.

"Then why are you here?" She asks.

"Because! I don't know anyone in the lunch room aside from the Wards, and Vicky and Amy. And the Wards have Dennis and Vicky's friends are rude and nosey!" I complain. "They always make me uncomfortable any time I sit with them."

Today one of them asked if my pee smells like marijuana. Like an actual fox. That's when I left.

It doesn't! And at this point their intrusive questions should count as sexual harassment. If I didn't know any better I'd say Vicky was putting them up to it.

Dad moves around and sits down adjacent to mom at the corner of the table.

"Well, Kitsu, this is Pinky. She'll be joining New Wave, and until we get the ferry up and running, she'll be staying with Sarah and Neil. They're going to talk to Crystal and see about them sharing a room for now."

Sounds about all we can do. I talked with mom some more last night, we can get the docks up and modified in as little as a week after purchases. After that housing Gully, Firebreather, and now Pinky should be easy.

"Kay, what about that friend bringing over clothes?" I ask.

"How long were you here?" Dad asks.

"I noticed an unusual scent when I walked in and hid myself to make sure nothing dangerous was going on." I explain.

"I'm sorry if I smell, I ha-" Pinky goes to say.

"You're fine, Kitsu has an enhanced sense of smell." Mom interjects. "And Alan is bringing over some of Emma's old clothes for her to wear until we can get her some of her own."

"What's wrong with Vicky or Amy's clothes?" I ask.

"They don't fit her." Mom says.

'They're about the same height. So that means, oh.' I realize as I see her purple blush. 'She had her anime's proportions.'

You'd never guess based on the baggy clothes she wears.

I'll leave that alone for now.

*Click*

"Dad, we're home!" Vicky shouts.

"In the kitchen!" Mom shouts back.

"Mom? What are you doi-" Vicky stops as she see's Pinky.

"Another one?!" Vicky asks in disbelief.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus




Rebecca Biron POV


I can't help but feel mildly concerned as I look through my daughters computer.

'What the fuck is up with the search history?' I think to myself. 'I expected her to be looking for pictures of boy bands or naked boys at worst, not, this.'

(Am I bi?)

(What is bisexual?)

(Bisexual test)

(Age to become emancipated)

(Age to become a ward)

(Age to become a ward of the state)

(Online calculator)

(How to do improper fractions)

(Kitsu)

(Kitsu PHO)

(Origins of pineapple pizza)

(Pizza recipes)

(How to talk to your crush)

(How to find out if my crush likes me)

(How to confess to a girl)

(How to ask a girl out)

(What was the volcano that destroyed Pompeii?)

(Are scars ugly?)

(Do girls like scars on other girls?)

(Fashion trends)

(Parians number)

(How to get measurements)

(When do boobs start growing?)

(Small blondes)

(Fox tails)

(Why doesn't Earth-Aleph have capes?)

(Socratic method)

(How did Socrates die?)

(Who was Diogenes?)

(First date ideas)

(How to kiss)

(How to get a girl to kiss you)

(When is the right time for a first kiss?)

(How to find the area of a triangle)

(What does over the counter mean?)

(How to turn off safe search)

(-deleted-)

(-deleted-)

(-deleted-)

(-deleted-)

(How to delete search history)

(How to make a girl laugh)

(Why is the youth guard so strict?)

(MainProtagonist Kitsu fanfic)

"Nope! Not dealing with this." I say to myself as I click out, not wanting to see the rest.

She wants to chase skirts she can talk her father. Because she clearly did not get her taste, or her sexuality, from me.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N
Amy modifying a plant is 100% the influence of her shard taking advantage of a moment of weakness where she got depressed.

[Princess Shaper]'s entire goal is centered around finding out how to get Amy to use it in interesting ways. Through any means necessary.


Questions
.

FOR NEWB
.
RadChaos897: Out of all the characters from Worm, which are your favorite?

NEWB: Well, Amy is such a tragic character I can't help but love her, but I relate to Rachel the most, and my personal favorite has to be, probably Riley. Simply because I want her power.
.
RadChaos897: Any ships you prefer?

NEWB: I really like Imp x Regent, and I think Lisa x Greg is hilarious. Other than that? Not many others. I was rooting for Taylor to get together with Brian.
.

FOR [CONDUIT]
.
Are you concerned about parahumans that have Shard seeing capabilities, like Chevalier?

[Conduit]: [Response; Negative] [Elaboration/Iteration; Current Cloaking Masks Individual Unit]

NEWB: To expand on that, Conduit has masked itself to the point that it looks like a half dead Thinker shard, similar to Gallant's shard. Still on the network, but dying all the same. The only shards [Conduit] needs to worry about are those that can forcibly connect and potentially expose them. Like [Broadcast] or [Queen Administrator]
.
RadChaos: Do you know the names of other Host's Shards? If you do then what are Alexandria, Eidolon, Legend, Ashbeast, and Nilbog's Shard names? I'm curious to know what you think they are.

[Conduit]: [Negative]

NEWB: Learning their names designations would require connecting to and communicating.
.
FOR KITSU

.
YeTianshi: Do you never fear what would happen if all this "Behind the scenes" help comes to light? Wouldn't it ruin everything you've built up?

Kitsu: Course I'm scared. But it's a risk I'm willing to take. I'm immortal, New Wave and the Dallons aren't. If I need to sacrifice my happiness to insure theirs, I will.
That being said I'm not stupid, it's why I made sure Vicky's victim wouldn't be able to ever identify me.

.
DancingLeaf: Have you ever considered cyber/biopunk as inspiration?

Kitsu: Oh absolutely. It's why I want to see if a bats immune system can be grafted to a human.
.
DancingLeaf: What is your stance on transhumanism and the people who desperately want it? would you be willing grant such requests knowing how people treat case 53?

Kitsu: I'm honestly all for it. I'd modify everyone with Amy's help if that was an option. Just think about it. Cat girl Missy. Carlos with the power to create explosions out of his palms. Amy not being fragile. And Rachel as a dog girl.
As for the Case 53 part? I don't care. If they want that attention it's on them. And if there were more around, people would get used to us.
.
RadChaos897: How do you plan on dealing with all the new recruits? Housing? Teams? Patrols? Marketing?

Kitsu: Housing, I plan to modify the ferry station south to make a section for the new recruits to live. It'll be sectioned off from the general public to give them privacy.
Teams? I plan on making Gully a team leader. I don't have leadership skills and don't want the responsibility. Though that's honestly more up to mom and aunt Sarah.
.
RadChaos897: If you could get away with absolutely anything, what would it be?

Kitsu: Modifying people, plants and animals. Make my own little wonderland.
.
RadChaos897: If you could take anything from anywhere, real or fictional, what would it be?

Kitsu: Boosted gear from Highschool DXD. The ability to double your power every ten seconds, indefinitely? So long as your body can handle the strain? Keep in mind I can't be injured. Scion would die, eventually.
.
RadChaos897: If you had to choose between Missy, and a Missy with a stuffed crust mushroom pizza, which would it be?

Kitsu: Can I get a Missy wearing the pizza?
Ha ha, nobody reads these right?
Right?

NEWB: No comment.
.
Nuclear cat: How is having fox eyes different from human eyes?

Kitsu: I have a better ability to judge distance and I can see in the dark. The downside to that is I can get farsighted if I'm too focused on something in the distance. And I'm more susceptible to blinding by bright lights and dim lighting is just more comfortable for me.
.
Nuclear cat: Do you plan to make yourself taller? You seem to get upset when people treat you like a child.

Kitsu: Not really. The issue isn't my height, it's my age and my overall looks. Just like how Mark looks like he's early to mid twenties, despite being in his thirties. I look like I'm eight despite being almost thirteen and having a b-cup and slimmer waist. I don't mind being short too much.
It's just annoying when I don't get taken seriously.
And I would need to have my entire wardrobe adjusted if I suddenly got taller.
.
FOR MISSY?
.
RadChaos897: Which would you rather prefer, dinner, bath, or Kitsu in a naughty nightgown?

Missy: Um, what's a naughty nightgown?
*Proceeds to google it*
Oh, I prefer her usual sleepwear on her. Can I combine the options and get dinner with Kitsu?

NEWB: Safe search is on. What did you expect?
As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas moving forward.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt, jwmf and 245 others
Newb to the game
Apr 26, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 29 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Apr 28, 2024
Add bookmark
#249
Alt title: Mental health day
.
This is yet another chapter that features Kitsu's perspective less than the others.
.

An update of what was happening when I posted this
.
The traffic graph is still down, I got kicked from my account for several days, I'm no longer getting notifications of when you guys leave reviews, and apparently every chapter after 23 keeps getting deleted when I post a new chapter.
There's no conclusion to that I'm just letting you all know what's going on. I still manually check the reviews as well so don't worry.
.
.
.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-Thursday, April 22nd, 10:28am-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


"Mrs. Dallon, appointment for ten thirty?" A lady behind the counter asks.

"Yes, that's me." I tell her.

"Alright, Ms. Jones is ready for you now." She says.
The door on the end of the window counter opens and another lady comes out with a smile.

I follow her to the third door on the right and in to see my old therapist. She has some greys to her long brown hair and crows feet now. Though that's expected, it's been eighteen years. She's still wearing the same rectangular glasses at least.

She looks up at me with a kind smile as I close the door behind me.

"Carol, it's been years! How is your daughter doing? She must be nearly eighteen by now." She says as I sit in the black leather chair.

"Two of them are seventeen now. And Victoria's been better I suppose." I say honestly.

"Two of them? So you had twins and more kids?" She asks.

"No, I only gave birth to one kid. I have three daughters, technically. One birth, one adopted, one foster." I tell her.

She starts typing a few things down into her computer as I speak.

"I take that to mean you enjoy motherhood?" She asks without looking.

"Pfft, hardly. I could barely stand it." I say with a roll of my eyes.

"Then why take on two more daughters willingly?" She asks.

"The second one, Amy. Sarah convinced me to take her in, she's the daughter of a villain we took down, he only surrendered under the condition that we look after her in his absence." I say, careful not to reveal who Amy's dad is. "The third? She's a more, recent, addition. That's a bit longer of a story."

"We have time." She says. "Why don't you tell me how about your relationships with your daughters, starting with Victoria?"

"I love her, unconditionally. But, I don't know. It feels like she's drifting, further and further. And lately, I've found out she's been hiding the fact that she's been breaking the law for more than a year now." I say as I rest my head on my fist. "It just feels like the little girl I raised is, not there, like she left."

"Hmm, well, kids grow up. She's nearly an adult now. And with that comes a certain degree of separation." She says simply as keeps typing. "Why don't you tell me about Amy?"

"She's a good kid. Never wanted her, but I can't deny that she's turning out more than alright." I say simply.

"You say you never wanted her? Why's that?"

"Her father, he may be in the birdcage. But he got to her before us. There's no telling what he could've implanted in her." I say before sighing. "At least, that's what I used to think. But ten years and no sign of delinquency are hard to argue. Not only that, she's spent damn near every waking moment healing people at the hospital or keeping Vicky out of trouble."

"Do you perhaps regret how you first viewed her?" She asks after a bit of thought.

It takes me a bit of time before I can answer.

"I do, she was just a child. And even then she was so young and she doesn't even remember who her father was. She didn't deserve how I kept her at arms length." I push out.

"How is your relationship now? Do you still push her away?" She asks.

"I don't, and it can be best described as amicable. We don't fight but we don't exactly get along." I say as I turn my head to stare out the window. "We're more like two people who live in the same house."

"It's never too late to try and form a bond, sure it won't be as strong as it would've been. But it'd still be there. Assuming that's what you want of course." She suggests. "Why don't you tell me about the third one? The foster child, how'd she come into the picture?"

"Get ready for this. Are you aware of Kitsu? The S-class?" I ask as I turn to her.

"Vaguely, I'm aware she's one of the few to have contact with Nilbog. But that's it." She says.

Funny, most people know her from her involvement with Behemoth's retreat.

"That's the foster child." I say and watch in amusement as her eyes widen slightly.

"That must be quite the story. How'd she come under your care?" She asks with an interest she didn't show before.

"Not much to say, she popped up shortly after she destroyed Eagleton. Broke into our house, scared Mark into throwing her through our TV and then strong armed him into playing Candyland. When I got home because Mark had forgot to pick me up and wasn't answering his phone, I tried to chase her out of the house." I say reminiscing on the events of a month and a half ago. "She thought we were playing a game of tag and Mark eventually calmed me down enough to get me to realize there's likely nothing I could do to her. So I sat down and we played Monopoly. Vicky came home with Amy, Vicky picked a fight with Kitsu, lost, then Armsmaster showed up with a PRT squad and picked a fight, lost. And she left after that. Then just, kept coming back over the next week or two. Keeping Mark company, annoying me and Vicky, and just pestering Amy. Eventually there was an argument after she busted into the house looking for supplies to get an autograph and one thing led to another and Mark convinced me to take her in." I finish.

"How'd he manage that? Last I recall it took quite a bit of convincing for you to agree to have Victoria." She says.

"Well, she constantly broke in anyways. She was all but sleeping at the house. And I reasoned that if she really turned out bad, we could always just hand her over to the PRT." I explain. "Enemies closer and all that."

"And how is your relationship with her?" She asks.
It takes me a minute to come up with an answer to that.

"It was, hostile at first. I was genuinely looking for any reason to kick her out or hand her over. But, she's remarkably easy to trust. And so desperate for affection that it's hard for me to see her as anything than a little girl who just needs a little guidance." I say honestly. "Sure, she has some questionable contacts and had a rap sheet as long as my arm. But a lot of that was the product of her situation."

Most of it. I still can't see a viable reason for grand theft auto and reckless driving from an, at the time, nine year old.

"You sound rather fond of her. And how is she easier to trust?" She asks as she returns to typing on her computer.

"She's very animated. And wears her heart on her sleeve. She's a Case 53, and has inhuman features because of it, most notably is she has large fox ears and a large fox tail that gives away her mood."

"So you find her easier to trust because she can't hide her intentions?" She clarifies.

"It's not just that, she is genuinely desperate for approval. One day of spending time and being nice to her and she's running around doing chores around the house. Asking if she did a good job. Few days later she called me mom in her sleep." I explain as I don't do anything to suppress the smile that's forcing its way on my face. "And now she actively calls me mom and mommy while running up to me when I get home. Hugging me and nuzzling me. Trying to cheer me up when I'm upset or generally doing anything I ask."

"You see her as an actual daughter." Ms. Jones says.

"I wouldn't go that far, but she sees me as her mother and is doing everything in her power to get me to see her as mine." I say lightly. "Mark's pretty much ready to adopt her. And I can't deny she's a joy to be around sometimes."

"You keep mentioning Mark when you bring her up. I assume they're close?" She prods.

"Oh yeah." I say with a chuckle. "They're practically glued to each other. She reminds him to take his meds and is constantly interacting with him."

"In a good way, I presume?" She asks.

"She's a daddy's girl. When he was having a bad day she essentially coddled him all day and left him alone to get me from work while he slept." I say with a smile.

"Hmm, speaking of Mark. How is your relationship with him?" She asks.

I know what she's doing. She's getting a baseline of my homelife and relationships. It's why she keeps switching to different people.

"We've been great actually, ever since he's been taking his meds regularly it's been like when we first got together." I say happily. "Better even. He's been more attentive, more helpful, he's back to old goofy self."

"That's good, do you still have a fear of the dark? And a hard time trusting people?" She asks.

"Yeah, I still can't stand the dark if I don't have to. And honestly? Outside of Mark, Vicky, Kitsu to a degree, and maybe Amy there's not many I can trust at all." I say honestly. "And Kitsu and Amy are very recent additions to that list."

"Well, it sounds to me like you've already started taking steps on your own towards self improvement. That's a great start." She says. "Now, how about we discuss your difficulty with trust. Amy, what keeps you from fully trusting her?"

"She looks damn near exactly like her father." I say. "Like a full on gender bent version."

"You're aware that disposition isn't inheritable right?" She points out.

"I know that, but every time I see her I can't help but be reminded of him and it sets me on edge. I know it's not right and I've been trying to fix that." I explain.

"But?"

"But I just, I don't know. She doesn't even act like him or talk like him. If anything she acts like me." I say.

"How does she act like you?" She asks.

"Snarky, sarcastic, tired, dry humor. The list goes on honestly." I say as I list off the similarities in our personalities.

"Does her acting like you make you distrust her more?" She prods.

"No, not really." I say.

"Well, tell me some more about her. Things that separate her from her father." She suggests.

"She's a hero for one. She works tirelessly for others and not herself. Puts in hours at the hospital for free just to help others. And that's it. I, I don't know much else about her. Is that bad?" I ask.

"It's not necessarily the best thing. But I wouldn't call it bad. Our time is almost up. What I want you to do is by our next session in two weeks, learn a few more things about Amy. Get to know her and see that she isn't her father. Okay?"

"Already? What time is it?" I ask.

"It's eleven thirty four." She says with a smile. "Time flies doesn't it?"

"I guess it does. Well Ms. Jones, I guess I'll you in two weeks." I tell her.

"I'll see you then Carol." She says as she gets up to open the door.




-The Rig, 11:43am-




Sophia "Shadow Stalker" Hess POV


For the third time in the last ten minutes, I'm staring at the ceiling of the PRT training room.

"That was good, but I said no powers." Daredevil says.

Turns out my defense lawyer is a cape. What are the fucking odds? Better yet he wants to mentor me. Take me under his sightless wing.

"How else am I suppose to take you by surprise?" I say as I sit up.

"Perhaps by thinking out a strategy? Employ some new tactics outside of what is essentially hit and run." He says with his ear to me.

"Any tactics you teach me, you'll just counter. You taught me them." I point out.

"Maybe." He says with a chuckle. "But all the thugs and capes you'll go against won't know how to counter them."

'Shit that's actually a good point.' I realize begrudgingly. 'Course the fucking lawyer would have a counter argument. It's literally his job.'

"Alright, up. Let's try this again. No powers, no weapons, straight martial arts." He says and puts his batons away.

"Square up kid." He says as he get's into a boxer's stance.

No, it's Krav Maga. His hands are open, not closed. We've done this more than a few times. So it's getting easier to see just how he'll beat my ass next.

But he's still human. His power essential gives him a three sixty view of his surroundings with all his sense except for sight. He can be beat with effort. It'll just take some time to get there. He's not some monster who's so far outside the food chain that they don't count.

"We've been at this for hours. Why can't we take a fucking break already?" I ask.

"It's been an hour and a half. We can take a break when the Wards get here for their shifts." He says, relaxing from his stance. "But I suppose we can move on to something less physical."

"The fuck's that suppose to mean?" I ask in confusion.

"Well, I'm training you. But all we've worked on is martial arts and close quarters combat, I'm thinking we move on to utility." He explains.

Utility? The fuck's that supposed to help with?

"Like what? Carrying a glow stick with me everywhere?" I ask mockingly.

"Couldn't hurt, though a flashlight might be better." He says jovially.

"Wait, you're fucking serious?!"

"Of course. Smoke bombs, pepper spray, corded wire, utility knives. All useful things to help when the situation calls for it." He says as starts walking towards the door. "Follow me, we'll be stopping by the supply closet to request some things. I'll teach you how to use them."

I stand up and go to follow. Keeping in step as we walk through the base and pass a bunch of no names.

"Real quick, why the red outfit?" I ask curiously.

"Oh? Why do you want to know?" He asks back, turning his ear to face me.

"Been on my mind for awhile. If hiding is your deal, why not just go all black? And if it's to scare the piss outta people, why not make it brighter?" I clarify.

"Well, it's a balancing act. I used to go all black, but people kept mistaking me for a common thug and just kept shooting at me. Then I started adding the red, but I stood out to much and I had to darken it. Besides, straight black is actually very bad for stealth." He says. "I learned that the hard way."

"How is it bad?" I ask.

"Pitch black is actually very rare to find naturally, it's why the military uses camo. And a completely black suit is worse as a solid black mass stands out even in the dark. It's why my suit is pattern with dark grey and maroon. To better match the brickwork of where I normally patrol." He explains. "So long as I don't step out of the shadows I'm hard to make out, and when I do it looks as though I came out of nowhere."

"Okay, why the horns?"

"Pure intimidation." He says with a chuckle.

"Seriously?" I ask in disbelief. "They don't like hide radio transceivers, or help amplify your radar senses in some way?"

He stops and slowly turns to look at me. Well, face me.

"What?"

"If I had a dollar for every time I got asked that, I'd be able to buy a new cane." He says as he turns back around.

"They're not scary you know." I say as he walks.

"Well I think they're cool." He says defensively.




-The Rig, 2:30pm-




Mathew "Daredevil" Murdock POV


After a long session of teaching Sophia how to use smoke bombs. And laughing anytime she set one off in her hand because she was "Cooking it". I finally sit down to relax at my desk.

*Brzzt* *Brzzt* *Brzzt*

And there goes my civilian phone. I keep it set to vibrate.

Taking it out, I flip it open and answer. There's a very limited number of people who know this number. And a benefit of working for the government saw it get protected from spam calls.

"Hello?" I ask.

"Hey Matt, got a bit of a, unique one for ya. There's a little girl on the work phone calling for you." Foggy says from the other line.

"Uh, what?" I ask in confusion.

"Yeah, says a fox wants to dance with the devil. And that you'd know what that meant, also left a number to call."

'Okay, points for creativity. That's good, I'll have to remember that one.' I think as I have to keep myself from laughing.

"Normally I wouldn't have, y'know, relayed the message of little kid who clearly just learned what a prank call is. But this is the third time she called asking when you'll call her. So, please?"

"Okay, give me the number and I'll see what this is about." I say, still trying not to laugh.

I hang up and dial the given number, waiting a bit for it to answer.

"Hello?" I hear on the other end.

She somehow sounds younger over the phone.

"Kitsu, apparently you've been bugging my coworker for the last hour?" I ask as I lean back in my chair.

"Yeah! I've been trying to get ahold of you because of our deal."

"Your deal with the devil I presume?" I say with a laugh.

"Hey! Don't get cute with me! That's my thing." She says seriously. "Anyway, I wanted to talk about possibly getting PRT approval for some of the things I've created!"

All of my earlier amusement halts as alarms blare in my head. The word created being the trigger.

"Created? I'm going to need some elaboration there." I say.

"I've been making some plants with my biokinesis and I want to see about selling them. Don't worry, they're safe and incapable of reproducing so they're not in violation of any hazard or ecology laws."

"Okay, when you say create, how do you mean exactly?"I ask to clarify.

There can be no misunderstandings here.

"I take a plant, and rearrange either its genetics or physical structure to make something new, or mash a bunch of crap together. I've already made a bunch of glowing flowers! I want permission to sell them legally." She says excitedly.

'She's a bio-tinker.' I think in realization as I rub my jaw. 'Fuck.'

"Um, yeah sure I can get with Piggot and see about vetting them." I say absently.

"Thank you! I gotta go now, have a good day!"

*Click*

I let out a sigh as I lean forward, put my elbows on the desk in front of me. I then promptly put my face in my hands and groan.

"Fuck." I say to nothing in particular.

We knew she could heal similar to Panacea. And that unlike her she could mess with brains. But the PRT just assumed it was the lack of a Manton limit on her self biokinesis, seeing that she's never been recorded to have done anything else with it. And it's not like we can just ask her and expect a straight answer.

Honestly there's a lot about her that is pure speculation. Even her invincibility and possible immortality. Armsmaster believes it to be an extension of her self biokinesis that works in a similar vein to Aegis's power. Only rather than insuring he keeps working despite the damage, hers rapidly changes her to prevent damage. At least that's what he gathered from the hospital incident.

But full biokinetic control to the point it extends to plant life?

I go ahead and dial Pigot to inform her. There are very few biokinetics. And none have good standing.

"Mathew? You're calling on your personal phone. Why?" I hear the no nonsense tone of the director.

"Yeah, sorry but. You'll want to hear this." I say seriously.

"Then speak, I trust it is important for you to use your civilian phone and not your cape phone."

"Yeah, Kitsu just called to cash in cooperation deal." I say over the phone.

"What did she want? She's not demanding more tinkertech is she?" She asks.

"No, she wants to get her creations vetted and tested for approval for sale to the general populace." I say.

…

"What?"

"She's bio-tinker, like Bonesaw and Nilbog." I say firmly.

…

"My office, now."




-Pelham House, 3:30pm-




Crystal "Laserdream" POV POV


"I know it's a bit of a mess, but if you just kick a few things aside you'll be fine." I tell the pink girl.

"It's fine, I'm used to worse." She says with a smile.

"Just don't go through my dresser or closet and we'll be good." I tell her calmly.

"So, where did you live before?" Eric asks from the doorway.

He's been very interested in the 'new recruit' since her first saw her. I don't think she's realized it yet. Then again, I don't blame him. Her proportions have to be a result of her Case 53 mutation.

Because to put it bluntly.

She's fucking stacked! Seriously. According to Amy her genetics say she's roughly fourteen or fifteen. Same age as Eric. But holy shit! She's got bigger tits than me! Not that mine are large, a mid C.

But she's fourteen! And looks to be at least a low D. And don't get me started on her southern proportions.

Is it bad that a fourteen year old is making me insecure about my body?

"Anyway if you need any help with anything just ask Eric. I'll be out for the day so you have the room to yourself." I say as I walk past Eric.

"You owe me." I whisper to him as I walk past.




Eric "Shielder" Pelham POV


Owe her? Sure, she's just as guilty. She's leaving to hang out with that Firebreather guy.

"So, ever played any video games?" I ask her.

Gotta say, she's checked off every box so far. Hell you can see that back from the front! And you could probably see that front from the back! But if she doesn't respect the grind then she's not the one. Priorities people!

"If I did I don't know." She says with a shrug.

"Wanna see if you're any good at it?" I ask.

"Sure!"




-The Docks, Motel, 4pm-




Gully POV


No hotels would take me. So I'm stuck in a dingy motel in the docks area.

It's cheap, if nothing else.

"So how's it going?" Tecton asks over the phone.
I may have forgot to call him the moment I got to the bay.

"Well, I'm not sure." I answer.

"How so? Have you talked to them yet?"

"I have. And they refused." I start.

"Oh Gully, I'm sorry." He starts to say.

"Not because of what I am!" I say quickly. "And they agreed!"

"…, Okay you're gonna need to walk me through this." He says simply.

I laugh a little at that. Tecton is always well meaning, but every now and then he jumps to conclusions.

"Well, I showed up and got to meet Kitsu and Panacea. They let me in, talked to me and Kitsu even made sure I could sit by reinforcing a chair." I give a quick run down.

"Reinforce?" He intones.

"Yeah, she took off and came back with a bundle of sticks and reinforced the chair with her powers. They sort of, merged into it." I explain.

"Interesting, I'll have to look into that." I hear him mutter. "Anyway! You were saying?"

"Well, Kitsu and Panacea kept me company until Brandish got there. Did you know Kitsu calls her mom?" I say idly.

"Well, she is her mother in a sense. If not the legal sense of her being her foster mother." He says as though trying to find the best way to explain it.

"Not adopted?" I ask curiously.

"No." He says tentatively. "It's complicated, but it's the closest term that fits without going into a bunch of legal terms that I don't even understand."

'Huh, weird. Wonder what the specifics of that are.' I muse to myself.

"Anyway, she said that they couldn't take me because they didn't have somewhere to house me." I continue. "Then Kitsu came running out of her room saying she could find a place. She's apparently a millionaire."

"Oh yeah, Eagleton. Director Xavier has NOT heard the end of that." Tecton says awkwardly.

"What does he have to do with that? He's the director of the West coast." I ask.

"Yeah, but just after Kitsu's involvement with Behemoth a few years back. He became convinced, that she'd join the Wards sooner or later and went ahead and set up a bunch of preliminary stuff for her to be streamlined in. Which included a bank account for her eventual trust fund."

"I didn't know about that." I say.

"Not supposed to, he's facing a full audit because of it and might be forced into retirement as well."

Holy shit that's serious!

"All because he set up a bank account?" I ask.

"Gully, he broke several policies and overstepped a lot of people with what he did. Not only that, it was a, lot, of money." He stresses. "Like, I think the full amount was a solid billion meant to be split evenly between all participants of its destruction."

"Jeez!" I say.

"Well, it was never intended to go to one person. And I honestly don't think anyone thought one person could do it." He explains lightly. "Don't tell anyone I told you about the audits, I can get in a metric shit ton of trouble for revealing that."

"I won't." I say with a roll of my eyes.

After a bit of silence I speak up again.

"Where was I?"

"I forgot, Brandish was saying you can't join?" He tries.

"Oh! Right, well Kitsu ran in and said she could find me a place. And Brandish gave her a week to come up something."

"Did she?"

"She did, and Brandish reached out to me and said that in about a week or two they'll have a place for me." I say happily. "Don't know what it is, but it's going to be a massive reveal once it's set up."

"I'm glad, I wish you well Gully. I gotta go now but hey, you ever need an ear. I got two."

"Bye Everett. Talk to you latter." I say and hang up.

And now I just wait.

Some more.

…

Would it be rude to visit the Pelham's? I haven't met them yet and we'll be working closely together.

I look to my phone and check the time.

"Maybe later, still a lot of people out at this time."




-Friday April 23rd, Dallon House, 1pm-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


"Alright, you girls ready?" I ask as we head out of the house.

I figured a day out would be a good idea. And I thought the zoo would be as good a place as any to spend time as a family. A bit short notice but I have no better ideas other than a game night, and Kitsu already does that with Mark every night and sometimes we join. Maybe the aquarium or botanical gardens? Though the last one would more for Kitsu than anyone else.

"Sure." Amy says tiredly.

"Still don't understand why I can't invite Dean along. He's patrolling the area." Vicky complains.

"Because this is a family trip." I remind her.

"Don't see Kitsu complaining about not bringing Missy." Amy adds quietly.

"That's because she's too busy bugging dad." Vicky points out

I look over to the car where Mark is closing the trunk. And sure enough, Kitsu is there talking his ear off. She's wearing her back pack and her serene outfit. Black sneakers, black stockings, black shirt, and a red hat and red skirt.

Why she insists on naming her outfits? I'll never know.

'At least she's not bugging me with demands of bringing her date to a family outing.' I think to myself.

"She's happy and content, leave her be." I say. "Now come on."

We make our way to the car and I plop in the passenger seat. Kitsu follows Mark to the back seat drivers side where he wordlessly opens the door. She crawls in, still talking, and Mark closes the door with a smile.

"Hey! Rude!" Kitsu calls out.

Mark just sticks his tongue out at her and goes to the wheel.

Amy takes the middle and Vicky takes the passenger window seat.

"Zoo! Zoo! Zoo! I wanna see the reptile house!" Kitsu chants excitedly as her tail slaps the seat in between her and Amy repeatedly.

"You don't want to see the foxes?" I ask jokingly.

"If I want to see a fox I'll look in the mirror." She says. "Ooh! They have a gift shop! Can we go to the gift shop?!"

"If you're good we'll stop by and you can grab something." I say. "Vicky, seatbelt."

She puts her belt on and resumes staring out the window.

"Have you ever been to a zoo Kitsu?" Mark asks as he backs out of the driveway.

"A few times I broke into one to check out some of the animals. The sea lions are silly." She says happily.

"I don't have to tell you not to bust into any exhibits?" I say.

"I won't. Ooh! Do they have any ostriches? Or emus?" Kitsu asks. "Do they have any roaming peacocks like some zoos?"

"Yes, I don't know, and the last time we were there they didn't." Mark lists off.

"What about-" She starts again.

"Amy? Would you?" I ask.

Amy rolls her eyes and brings a hand over to scratch Kitsu's ears. Quieting her almost immediately. Kitsu takes Amy's hand off her head and reaches over to grab the hand next to Vicky. She places it on her head and cuddles the arm next to her. Nuzzling it silently.

"Finally." Vicky says under her breath.

"Hey Kitsu, wanna know something cool?" Amy says with a smirk.

"Sure!" Kitsu says.

Amy reaches her hand down from Kitsu's head and places a hand on her cheek. In a few seconds Kitsu has a wide golden blonde tiger stripe on each cheek stretching from the middle of her cheeks, down and over to the bottom of her jaw.

"Hey! I keep those follicles off for a reason!" Kitsu says.

'Those are natural?' I think in astonishment.

"Yeah, but did you know you can do this?" Amy says as she scratches the fur under her jaw.

"Whaooooooooh~" Kitsu moans out as her eyes and ears droop.

She relaxes enough for Amy to pull her other arm free and scratches her other cheek.

"Mmmm!" She squeals as she closes her eyes and slumps against Amy.

I watch in fascination as Kitsu slowly falls asleep.

"You're all welcome." Amy says as she pulls her hands away.

"What the fuck was that?" Vicky asks.

"Language." I say sternly. "But seriously, what was that?"

"She has fur follicles in striped patterns all over her body. They're pretty sensitive when active and the ones on her cheeks are even more so." Amy says with a shrug. "She deactivates them every morning to keep them from growing. I just activated it and massaged her to sleep." She finishes with a smirk.

There's a bit a noticeable silence after the explanation.

"Mind teaching me that trick?" Mark asks.

I watch in further amusement as Kitsu grabs Amy's arm in her sleep. Cuddling it as she naps.

"Damnit." Amy says as she goes from smug to annoyed.

"Pfft. Now you get to know how I felt when she fell asleep on me." I give out with a chuckle.




"Kitsu, sweetheart. Time to get up." I say as I gently shake her.

"Hmm? What?" She says sleepily.

"Kitsu, come on. You need to let Amy go." I say.

"Please? I can't feel my arm." Amy pleads.

"Huh, oh sure." She says and lets go.

Amy immediately unbuckles and scooches out the other side of the truck to join Vicky and Mark.

"Come on." I say and unbuckle her.

"Carry me?" She says hopefully with a little sleep still in her voice.

"No, if you want someone to carry you ask Mark." I say.

"Okay." She says and gets up to hop out of the car.

"Just so you know you still have fur on your face." I tell her.

"What!? Amy!" Yelps as she turns to her, now fully awake.

"Oh now you call me by my name." Amy calls back.
"Dad! Can you throw me the wet wipes!?" She asks Mark who is digging our stuff out of the trunk.

"Heads up!" He says as he tosses the pack over.

*Bap*

I have to stop myself from laughing as Kitsu fails to catch the pack. It having traveled past her arms and smacking her in the face instead.

"Thank you!" She says as she nonetheless opens it and wipes the fur off her face.

'Wait what?'

"What the hell did you just do?" I ask.

"I shut off the fur follicles and then push the fur out by the root." She says. "Funnily enough, my hair and fur are as indestructible as I am until they leave me."

She disappears in a gust of wind and reappears a second later without the bundle of wet wipes and fur.

Truthfully I don't personally think the stripes of fur looked all that bad. But it's her choice and I can understand why she wouldn't want it. I still remember the entitled twit from the clothes store.

"Mark, you got everything?" I ask.

*Slam*

"Yep!" He says, closing the trunk.

"Good, Kitsu come on." I say as I grab her hand.
I start walking away and notice Vicky hasn't been paying attention. Rather she's been texting.

"Vicky please at least try and act like you're apart of this family." I say tiredly.

"Fine." She says as she puts her phone away. "And I'd just like to point out I am part of this family."

'Ignore it, today is a good day. Try and spend time with Amy. Make sure Kitsu doesn't run off and challenge a gorilla to an arm wrestle or something.' I think to myself.

I don't actually think she would. But this is the same girl who broke into someone's house and ate all of their pop tarts.

"Alright, let's go."

"Let's go!" Kitsu shouts and immediately tries to run forward, only for me to yank her back.

"Behave." I say as I catch her. "Don't run off."

"I can't help it! There are two dragons roaring inside me! One hoard knowledge and the other hoards trinkets!" She says before going still. "And the zoo has them both calling for blood."

I have no response for that. So I pick her up.

"Weeee!"

And hand her to Mark.

"Your problem." I say and start walking.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus
.
.
-Biron House, 3pm-




Missy "Vista" Biron POV

I drop my bag on my floor next to my bed and plop down onto the covers.

I would've had patrol with Dennis today. And that meant I could've spent time with Kitsu! But no. Stupid Merchant had to go and run me over, and Amy couldn't make the trip from the hospital and because of that I had to be admitted to the hospital. And now I get two weeks of being stuck at home with two of the shittiest people in my life!

I inch worm my way up on the bed. Not really having the energy to move much on my own after having just got back from school. Luckily it's my dads turn to look after me. So he won't be barging in randomly with no concern for my privacy to make sure I'm doing school work.

I reach up on my bed and grab my pillow, holding it close as I roll to my side. Cuddling it and pretending it's my little snuggle bug.

It's not the same. It's not as warm, or as smooth, or as bubbly and bright.

Spending time with her has quickly become the most anticipated parts of my weeks.

She's just so cheerful that it's hard not to be happy around her. And the way she just rambles off at random things in that adorable voice of hers. I'll admit I try to get her talking because I love her voice. She just makes me happy. I want to be with her as much as I can. She makes me feel important and appreciated.

Not to mention the people at the Rig take me more seriously now. Mainly because they don't want to upset Kitsu by upsetting me. It's frustrating, the reason that is,but it's better than the patronizing they've done before.

I'd invite her over, but I really don't want her meeting my parents. That and I don't think Mrs. Dallon likes me for whatever reason.

'Okay it's probably due to how much she catches me staring. But I can't help it! She has such a cute and jiggly little bubble butt! And such a beautiful and soft fluffy tail above it!' I think to myself. 'Oh god and the way it wags when she's excited or happy, causing her butt and hips to do that little wiggle. Aaaahh! It's too cute!'

"I want my snuggle bug!" I whine as I shove my face into the pillow.




Bonus 2




New Wave's new wave

Firebreather
Brute 5
Mover 4
Blaster 5

Has an armored orange scaled hide and red bat like wings protruding from his back. Has pyrokinesis on par with a fully transformed Lung. Having fine control over any flames he produces as well as being fireproof. Is naturally stronger, faster, and more agile than most.

First showing up in the Nevada desert. Spent days wandering alone before encountering people. After a scare they tried shooting him. Where he instinctually blasted fire back at them. Where they called a fire breather. He took the name. He spent the next few years on the run as Director Ross prioritized his containment. Believing him to be a villain in a breaker state, not a Case 53.
He's confident and kind hearted, if a little dumb and goofy. Though his confidence is a mask to hide his insecurities over being different. And when push comes to shove, he gets vicious though he hates going that far.

Is joining New Wave because he wants to belong somewhere.



Pinky
Brute 2
Mover 2
Striker 6
Blaster 4

Has the ability to produce a liquid of varying Ph balance. Producing anything from soap or lubricant, to sulfuric acid. Is capable of producing said liquid from any part of her body. Her brute and mover ratings are due to her ability to use the lubricant to skate and slip out of holds, and her immunity to acid.
First appeared in an alleyway in Seattle. She was found and taken in by a news reporter by the name of Tracy Burke. Who years ago was a reporter in Brockton Bay and worked with Melanie Fitts as an informant. Had left for Seattle out of fear for her life when the new Scarecrow popped up. She was the reporter who exposed the original Scarecrows identity, leading to his suicide. After her death Pinky was left alone and wandering the streets until she got in contact with Melanie. Nightcrawler came for her and dropped her off at the Dallons rather than the Palanquin. Believing she should at least have a chance at something resembling a normal life not being hunted down by the law.

She is at first shy and withdrawn, but once engaged she becomes more energetic and outgoing.

Is in New Wave due to not really being given a choice and having nowhere to go.



Jenny Wakeman
Brute 7
Mover 5
Blaster 7
Striker 4
Tinker 2

Her entire body is comprised entirely of circuitry, metal, and silicone. The result being that she weighs 600 pounds and has an absurd natural strength and durability. Her body is modifiable and filled with modular components. She is capable of combustion based flight and temporarily reconfiguring parts of her body to perform various tasks as needed.
Esteemed scientist and researcher Dr. Noreen Wakeman found her in her backyard where she first showed up. Having taken pity on the girl and feeling a maternal sense of duty. She took her in and spent thousands from her retirement fund refitting her house to accommodate the girl. However Jenny got tired of being trapped in what was essentially a gilded cage and ran away.

Typical teenager, moody, insecure, and prone to emotional outbursts. Though still kind hearted and more than a little naïve.

Is joining New Wave to prove herself to her mother.



Anthony "Iron Man" Stark
Resource Tinker 9

Is capable of building damn near anything so long as he has the available resources. Mostly relying on energy consumption. Though he primarily focuses on combat suits, likely due to the conflict drive of his shard.

Is effectively a trust fund baby who inherited his father's dying weapons company. He made the decision to change it to a military supply company and is the current leader in supplying the PRT and Police with their equipment. He triggered while kidnapped in the middle east. He made his way to civilization and back home. Hiding his parahuman status the whole time. Due to how closely he's worked with the PRT, he knows the games they play and wants no part in it.

Confident to the point that it borders arrogant. He's hyper intelligent and attractive, and knows it. Though he does have an alcohol problem.

Is joining New Wave because he can't resist the urge to tinker much longer, and refuses to play the PRT's games.



Sveta Karelia
Brute 6

Effectively bulletproof and possessing a strength to match her durability. Her body is comprised of long tendrils and operates of its own accord on a predatory instinct.

Stuck in the Asylum East. She is depressed and suicidal. She feels hopeless about her situation and is reaching out to Kitsu because she saw her on her feed in PHO. After researching New Wave, she got into contact with Kitsu and is hoping to one day meet them and have her body fixed somehow.
Soft spoken and timid, she feels genuine remorse for any and everyone she's ever hurt due to her bodies predatory nature.

Is not looking to join New Wave, but will if it means a "cure" to her condition.



Gully
Brute 3
Shaker 6
Thinker 1

Has enhanced strength and durability as a result of her mutations. She has instinctive and intuitive control of the earth around her. Even knowing where people are in her immediate vicinity, so long as they are on the ground in some way.

Originally dumped in an unknown location. She eventually joined the San Diego Wards where she strived to be a leader, but was denied time and time again due to her appearance. She views her district cape leader Tecton as something of a role model and big brother.

She is kind hearted and sympathetic, as well as being in strong touch with her emotions. She is in fact a natural born leader, and is a rare instance of a person being good for leadership, and wanting leadership.

Is joining New Wave to hopefully fulfil her dreams of being a leader.



Benjamin Kirby Tennyson
Tinker 8
Changer/Breaker 12+

Has an enhanced and intuitive understanding of the genome. Not just human, but all creatures that use four nitrogen bases for their DNA. Which is every living thing on planet earth. He used this knowledge to create a device melded to his wrist that safely alters his DNA to differing forms he integrates.
Is a naturally intelligent kid, just doesn't apply himself because he doesn't find school challenging. He never studies and proudly boast that he never got a grade below a B. Is confident, strong willed, and a tendency to be reckless. He triggered when he was at his friends apartment and it caught fire, he tried to do something with the knowledge he gained but succumbed to smoke inhalation.

Is joining New Wave because he was inspired by the girl who saved him from a coma and wants to work with her.



Kitsu "The Endstopper"
Brute/Breaker 12+
Mover 9
Blaster 4
Striker 12+
Shaker 8
Master 2
Changer 3
Stranger 4
Thinker 3

While many assume her to be a self trump. The truth is she is a breaker that absorbs energy and uses it to enhance herself and her powers to mimic other powers. Making it seem as though she gains new powers. She has illusions that can be tactile, audible, or visual. She is completely indestructible though still feels pain. Her enhancements make her capable of strength on par with Scion, and her speed just barely reaching the sound barrier, she can also enhance her brain to think faster and process images faster, though doing this too much or too often leads to disorientation. Has biokinesis that lacks any form of a true Manton limit. Though she is not a true bio-tinker, seeing as she doesn't have an enhanced knowledge or understanding of biology. Has a minor master power that works on one person at a time and requires eye contact to initiate. As well as a minor inconsistent stranger power that causes others not to notice her if their attention is on something else.

Officially she first showed up in Revere, Massachusetts. Where, after a poor first impression with the PRT, she fled and started a life of wandering the U.S. it wasn't until a few years later when she got roped into an Endbringer fight by the PRT cape "Popper" who has the power to teleport things he requests to him. The more specific the shorter the range. Kitsu tried to play it safe and hide her abilities, but got pissed when she was electrocuted unconscious and then back to consciousness when she fell in his kill aura and the flames destroyed her clothes. After that she fled to the east and continued her trek around the states. Meeting and befriending, or antagonizing, various individuals of note. Before she destroyed Eagleton while "Testing a new idea" and made her way to Brockton after.
Is hyper intelligent, though impulsive and short sighted. She is immature and likely has untreated ADHD. Has a tendency to ignore personal issues. Especially those that deal with interpersonal relationships.

Is in New Wave because she views it a way to be in the best position to help prevent Gold Morning. And because it is the only family she knows.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N
I know Daredevil uses a smartphone, but screen reader and voiceover application for people with visual impairment only came out in June 2009 with the iPhone 3GS. They'd still be a relatively new thing in April 2010. And Matt really likes playing on the whole blind thing. He'd have a smartphone as his "Work" phone, and a flip phone as his civilian one.
Which is funny because he technically "sees" better than everyone around him. He just can't see.
I remember getting my first phone, it was a flip phone. And I felt so cool whipping it out and answering when someone called.

I didn't get a phone with a touchscreen till 2014.
I feel old.

I wanted to have a scene Eric and Pinky play Halo Reach, but that game came out in September of 2010. So that wouldn't make sense. Then I thought Borderlands 2.
But that's from 2012!

The hardest part about this is making sure everything is date appropriate.
.
QUESTIONS!


.
FOR KITSU
Casanova5424: Would you ever make a Kurama inspired form?

Kitsu: Maybe the four tailed form, but not the Kaiju sized original form. Again, I don't need that kind of attention.

.
DancingLeaf: What do you think of Johnny Silverhand?

Kitsu: The name sounds familiar. But I can't place it.

.
Nurgle: Since Carnage is a thing, have you checked to see if Spider-Man is a thing?

Kitsu: I have not. I've been a bit busy.

.
RadChaos897: Are you going to get a business suit now that you are going to be owning the Ferry?

Kitsu: If I can convince mom to sign off on it. I still need her signature on the checks until I'm eighteen. But yeh! I could totally pull off sexy librarian! Get myself glasses and everything! Tie my hair in a bun, practice my mom face. Solid!

.
RadChaos897: Are you going to be experimenting with more complex things like insects and live animals?

Kitsu: If I can get mom to let me!

.
Radchaos897: Now that the C53s are rolling in, are there perhaps any that you are hoping to see? Or maybe some that you hope you don't see?

Kitsu: If Killer croc is a thing here, he can stay in whatever sewer he's in.


.
FOR [CONDUIT]
RadChaos897: Do you have any funny/embarrassing stories of Kitsu? Particularly any with her experimenting her powers.

[Conduit] [Affirmation] [Iteration; Host Unit Once Fell From A Power Line And Caused Trauma To Genital Region Upon Landing]

NEWB: Kitsu was trying to absorb energy from a power line cable and fell off the tower, landing right on a parking block similar to Griff at the end of Red Vs. Blue Season 8 episode 10.

.
RadChaos897: Out of all the Hosts you have witnessed through Kitsu, which ones have the most interesting powers in your opinion?

[Conduit] [Nilbog, Faerie Queen, Myrrdin]

.
RadChaos897: Why make Kitsu a fox girl? Was it just a random mutation lottery or was it something more specific?

NEWB: I'm taking this one because I'm glad someone finally asked!
Remember the trash can she hid in? Right before her trigger? There was a dead fox in there and some of its blood and fur made its way into Kitsu's wounds. [Conduit] didn't know how to distinguish the DNA, You're all just 3 rd dimension meatbags to them after all, and ended up integrating the DNA and making Kitsu the way she is.

So yeah, in another world Kitsu could've been a dog girl or a rat girl.

.
FOR MISSY, AGAIN?

.
RadChaos897: Are you more of a Unicorn of Pegasus girl?

Missy: Neither. I don't concern myself with those childish things.
.
.


As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas moving forward.

Currently working on Ch. 62 on FFN

Find in newb's-grotto at the discord!

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt, monkwindu and 234 others
Newb to the game
Apr 28, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 30 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Apr 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#260
A/N Progress
Alt title:

Update from time of release

The site is STILL bugging out. I'm getting no notifications, and no one is getting notifications of the story. This sucks!




-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-Brocton Bay Zoo, Friday, April 23rd, 2pm-




Kitsu POV


ZOO!

It's been so long since I've been to a zoo! Well, legally at least.

Oddly enough, most of the smells aren't upsetting me. It's mostly the chemical smells here and there that are upsetting. Seriously, if you could smell all the components of cologne you'd understand.

I'm currently riding on Dad's shoulders, enjoying what little privilege my size offers while it lasts. I'm already getting growing pains in my ankles, and dull itching pains in my chest. So I'm already growing, just slowly. Pretty soon I might be too big to enjoy my short privilege.

I just hope I don't keep getting mistaken for a child. That'd be annoying, to be twenty something and constantly be mistaken for a teen.

We're already getting a lot of looks. Likely due to me being here. The rest of the Dallon family look normal enough that they blend with the crowd. It's the principle of, if you don't expect to see a superhero, you won't. Me? Well.

I have a huge ass tail! And I'm top of Dad. So, my stranger power isn't working on anyone who happens to glance at us.

"Scuse me! Can my daughter get a picture with Kitsu?" A lady walks up and asks Dad.

"That's not up to me." He says.

"I don't mind!" I say and hop off his shoulders.

This is the third time. Well, first for me. I'm popular with little kids and teen girls. Amy's popular with everyone who she ever healed and their families. So she got pulled aside twice.

It's been twenty minutes.

After getting a picture the lady and her daughter thank us and leave.

I turn to Dad and stretch up my arms.

"Up!" I say with a smile.

"As the lady commands." He says and crouches down for me to crawl up.

I do so and we continue our trip. Catching up to Mom, Amy and Vicky.

"So where should we go first?" Dad asks Mom who has the map.

"Well, the penguins are to the east, if we go that way and circle back around, we'll get most of the park."

"We're not going to the penguins, are we?" I groan out.

"What's wrong with the penguins?" Mom asks with a frown.

"The smell?" I say and flare my nostrils.

"Can't you just turn off your olfactory sensors?" Amy asks.

"No, I can't really mess with my own brain." I say.

"Sensors, not cortex." Amy stresses.

"Oh." I realize.

'Why had I never thought of that before?' I question myself.

I go ahead and do so. Marveling at the novelty of not smelling anything.

"Okay I'm good." I say.

"Alright, after that are a few bears then the carousel, the apes and birdhouse. And we can go from there." Mom says as she folded the map and hands it to dad, who takes it and puts it in the fanny pack he has on his hip.

We make our way through and get in line for the penguins. Amy got more people walking up to her and asking for pictures and autographs. I counted like eight families.

"How many people have you healed?" Mom asks.

"Um, I genuinely never kept track." Amy replies shyly.
"She gets to at least a hundred every day she's at the hospital." I say.

"How do you know?" Vicky asks.

"Because I ask her about her day every time I pick her up." I say. "Only once or twice did she not get a hundred."

"Huh, how did we never realize that?" Dad asks. "Now that I think about it, for a good while you were sneaking out at night just to go to the hospital."

Amy is now looking very uncomfortable at all the attention she's getting from us.

"How come you don't just spend the days there Kitsu? You can heal just as good." Vicky accuses.

"Pfft, okay." Amy snorts and crosses her arms in front of herself.

"I'm not as good as PanPan." I start.

"And we're back to that again." She says annoyed.

"I essentially rearrange things and jumpstart other things. PanPan can fully correct birth defects. I can treat symptoms; she can reverse the cause." I tote out. "That and I don't have an encyclopedic knowledge of biology just downloaded into my brain."

"So, if she messes up the only person who could fix it is me." Amy says.

"Oh, I just figured with how you healed Dennis and his dad that you were at least as good." Vicky says with a shrug.

"And if you'll recall, Dennis couldn't remember any recent events and his dad was left anemic." I say.

"What?!" Mom says, snapping her eyes to me.

"He had blood cancer! I had to rid of all the bad blood!" I defend.

"Leukemia." Amy corrects.

"Did you at least get his permission to heal him?" Mom asks.

I just shrink down and try to hide my head below Dad's.

"Don't use me as a shield." He jumps a bit to force me back up.

"Hey look! Penguins!" I say and point.

We're at the outside bit where some of the penguins are hobbling around and swimming. We're just now approaching the doors.

"Don't ignore-" Mom starts.

"Excuse me sir!" One of the employees at the door calls out.

"Yes?" Dad calls back.

"She can't be on your shoulders in here, you're gonna have to set her down before you enter." He says.

"Whelp Kiddo, you heard the man." Dad says.

"Can I pretend I didn't?" I ask cheekily.

"You're the last person who gets to pretend you don't hear something." Mom says next to us. "Now come on, hop down."

I do so and take Mom's hand as she walks through first.

"Eugh! God, hey Kitsu, can you shut off my nose too?" Vicky asks.

I reach back and grab her hand, doing as she asks, and we continue our way.

"Which ones are your favorite?" Mom asks.

"The Rock hoppers." I say and point them out. "Their eyebrows make them look like they're about to try and either sing me a love song. Or sell me a used car."

"Why do I imagine a Spanish voice when you say that?" Dad asks.

I use my illusions to have one of the Rock hoppers talk. With the voice of Antonio Banderas.

"Hello! I see you have come here to, observe my abode." I have it say before it starts waddling away. "Follow me! Follow me! This way! It is very nice, many pebbles!" It says as it retreats to one of the alcoves where it looks back to us. "Why you not follow!?"

"Okay, that was funny." Amy says with a small chuckle.

"Kitsu, please don't antagonize the animals." Mom says.

"I am not being antagonized! I assure you madam!"

At this point several people are watching and pointing out the "Talking" penguin.

"Look at me hairless monkeys! And observe my, beauty!" I have it say as it flaps its flippers.

"Kitsu, stop." Mom says.

"Fine." I say and stop having the voice of Puss In Boots come from the penguin.

We walk our way out and through the gift shop. I didn't get anything because I'm not a big penguin girl.
We made our way out and pass the carousel. No one really wanted to ride. So, we continued down and into the birdhouse. Or aviary, however you want to call the big glass dome that lets us walk through a trail with exotic birbs.

Yes, I said birbs.

"I want that." I say and point to the Shoebill stork. "His name is George and I want him."

"Well, you can't have him. But they are very friendly, if you can find one in the wild they're mostly docile." The guide tells us. "Though I wouldn't disturb them when they're nesting."

"Don't tell her that." Mom says tiredly. "Now I'm going to wake up to a Satan bird in my house."

"Well, luckily for you ma'am. This bird are native to Africa, so I doubt you'll wake up to one." The guide jokes.

As he says that, the bird gives out a call.
It sounds like a machine gun!

"I want him more!" I say and run to the railing.

"No you don't." Mom says as she picks me up. "You promised to behave."

"I am! I was just going to the rail to get a better look!" I defend as she carries me back.

"I say let her go for it." Vicky says as Mom sets me back down.

We continued our way out. The only thing of note was the bird calls and how one kept cawing at Dad. Seriously, it was a little blackbird with red on its wings. Anytime Dad looked at it, it would caw at him and wouldn't stop till Dad looked away.

Other than that, nothing else. So we circled back around and passed the Sea Lions. A bunch were making that noise they make. And Amy jokingly made the noise back at them.

And they all turned to her and started barking at her.

"Someone's popular." Mom jokes at all the Sea Lions barking at Amy.

"I have nothing to add. This is hilarious." I say as I'm recording everything on my phone.

"Can we just go to the monkeys now?" Amy asks with a huff.

"Why? You want monkeys calling for you? Maybe get a gorilla?" Vicky teases.

"Please stop!" Amy pleads.

We leave there and walk through the great ape path. I go up to the glass because I can't see any gorillas.

"Where are they?" I ask.

*BANG*

"AAAAAAIIIEEEEAAAH!"

'Fuck, shit, motherfuckering, NINJA MONKEY!' I shout in my head.

Turns out the grey rock that was against the glass was a gorilla! And he just banged the glass out of nowhere!

"Where did you come from!" I demand, my heart pounding in my chest.

The gorilla of course just lays back down with his back to the glass.

Vicky and Amy are laughing their asses off behind me. And I can hear Dad struggling not to do the same.

"Don't ignore me!" I yell at the ape.

...

He's ignoring me.




-Meanwhile, Downtown skies-




Firebreather POV


I got Crystal, well, Laserdream, in my arms as we fly through the skies. She's coaching me on how to carry people while flying. If it's one person then a princess carry is good. If it's two then over the shoulder is better.

"So, how am I supposed to land?" I ask.

"Hmm? What'd you say?" She asks.

"Is there a specific way I'm supposed land?" I repeat.

"Hmm, no you can just keep flying." She says idly.

"I've been flying the past twenty minutes." I say. "Aren't there more things you're supposed to show me?"

"Hmm?" She questions before her ever present smile fades to be replaced by a look of embarrassment. "Oh! Right, uh, just drop off on the nearest building. As gently as you can."

"Alright." I say and land on an apartment building.
I set her down. And she dusts herself off. Odd considering her white suit doesn't have dust.

"So what's next teach?" I ask.

"Right, um. Why don't you tell me about yourself some more? I already got an idea of what you can do physically." She says and pushes a bit of hair behind her ear. "But how about some more personal stuff? So I can an idea of your personality of course!"

"Well, not sure what your looking for." I say with a shrug. "I'm just me."

"Well~" She says and takes a step forward, leaning forward with her step and bringing her hands to clasp in front of her before standing straight again. "What's your favorite food?"

"Coal." I answer honestly.

She stops and blinks a few times before laughing. She has a cute laugh.

"I get it, because of the whole fire thing. That was a good one." She says with a smile.

"I wasn't joking." I say simply.

I know it's weird. I've not had a lot of social action in the few years. But I've seen enough to know that my dietary habits are less than normal. Even still, I'm not about to lie.

"Oh. Oh! I didn't mean to offend or anything, I really thought you were joking. Not that there's anything wrong with." She says before huffing out a small laugh. "What about TV?"

"Never watched anything." I say with a shrug.

…

"Can you give me a moment?" She asks.

"Um, sure? Did I do something wrong?" I ask worried.

"No! Of course not, I just need to make a call." She says appeasingly as she floats away.

"Well, I won't keep you."

She gives a smile before flying off to the other end of the roof and taking a phone out of her flight jacket.
'I should get a phone.' I think to myself. 'They seem extremely useful. Wait, how do I get a phone?'

As I'm musing to myself, she looks over to me and gives a small smile before flying back over.

"Hey, do you have any plans later next week?" She asks.

"Not really. Why?" I ask.

"Just wondering. Have you ever been to a movie?" She asks doing that step lean again.

"No." I answer. Not quite sure where this is leading.

"Do you wanna?" She asks.

"I'd love to, but I don't exactly have the means." I say as I scratch the back of my head.

No shirt, no shoes.

No money.

"That's fine! I can pay." She says gingerly.

"I couldn't ask you-"

"I insist." She cuts me off and steps a little closer.

"I can't take your money." I say.

"At this point I'm thinking you just don't want to spend time with me." She says, still smiling.

"That's not it, I swear!" I say quickly, not wanting to offend her.

"Good! Then you can meet me at my house, Saturday next week! See you then!" She says quickly and flies off.

I'm stuck here on the building as I can't help but wonder what the fuck just happened.

"What, I just. Huh?"




Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV


Holy shit, he's perfect! Sweet, courteous, ripped. And best of all, adorably dumb!

A total himbo! I am not letting this chance pass me by! I am snatching him up one way or another, whether he knows it or not!

I fish my phone out and call Sabah.

…

…

"Hey Cryssi, what's up?" I hear my college friend ask.
She graduated Arcadia last year.

"I need a favor! Like, now!" I say excitedly.

"Um, I can't promise anything. But I'll hear you out." She says wearily.

"So, I have a date! And I need this to go perfect!" I say as I land on the roof of an office building.

"So you need a new outfit. Just because I'm a fashion student doesn't mean I'm a clothing store." She says with a sigh.

"Not for me." I stress. "For him."

…

"Why?" She asks.

"He doesn't have any aside from a pair of jeans. And that's it."

…

"Whyyy?" She stresses harder.

"He's a Case 53. And he's looking to join New Wave." I say excitedly. "And he's hot. I'm serious, I mean. Those washboard abs make me wanna start doing a few chores!"

"Uh, huh." She says tiredly.

"And he's so adorably dumb and dorky! I spent almost all afternoon with him yesterday and a good hour or two today hanging out with him." I say excitedly as I bounce on my heels. "And all I can say is mommy likey!"

"Okay, now you're making me more uncomfortable than I care for. I'm hanging up." She says.

"No wait! I'm sorry, I'll stop! Look, he just needs a shirt and some shoes, he has clawed feet and wings growing out his back." I say.

…

"Do you have a picture?" She asks with a sigh.

"I knew I could count on you! If any bombshells decide to join New Wave, I'll let you know!" I say happily.

"Sure, just, get some water before you dehydrate." She says sarcastically.

"Oh I intend to drown by the-"

"Bye!"

*Click*

"Rude." I say out loud.

Though understandable. I mean, I wouldn't want to sit there and listen to her drone off about tall girls with gorgeous legs and perfect tummy's. I have, and I don't want to repeat that.

But can you blame me? Really? He's roughly my age, tall, muscular! And he's a flying cape, and he has scales! And horns! Plus he has the potential to fulfill like, three of my top five fantasies. More depending on what's in those jeans.

Don't judge!

"You know, maybe Sabah and Amy would get along?" I muse to myself.




-Brockton Bay Zoo, 3:40pm-




Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV


This has been an absolute delight. And a minor headache.

Kitsu has a habit of using her speed and running off towards anything that catches her attention. Then immediately running back and grabbing one of us and pulling us with her.

She's currently standing in front of an exhibit in the reptile house. Looking for one of the lizards hidden in the foliage.

She's pressed up against the glass. Still as a statue. The only movement being the occasional twitch of her tail and her ears flicking in the odd direction.
There's also a lot of people filming.

"Found him!" Kitsu says and points to log.

"I don't see anything." Carol says.

"Look at the end of the log and you'll see his tail."

I look to the end and there it is. In the exhibit as large as my room. A single flicker of scales. And sure enough, a bunch of people are pointing and rushing about to see.

Normally we can have family outings and not be bothered. Amy always wears her hood and baggy clothes. Vicky is a savant with makeup. And me and Carol still wear some form of protective headgear. So even though we don't hide. It's not as though everyone just knows who we are.

Kitsu on the other hand? People see her, then see us. And put two and two together.

"Excuse me ma'ma." I hear behind me.

This is the tenth, eleventh? I lost count of the families that have approached Amy looking to either thank her or get a picture.

Poor girl looks so out of place every time it happens. Though she doesn't seem to hate it.

Kitsu keeps getting swarmed by little kids, teenagers, and LGBT members.

Unlike Amy, Kitsu is a natural at PR and very photogenic. When the flash is off at least.

There was a bit of an issue when some teen boy tried to steal her hat. But they didn't get far before slamming into an invisible wall.

I feel a tug on my clothes and look down to see Kitsu reaching her hands up.

I roll my eyes and pick her up.

"Weeeeee!" She says as I set her on my shoulders.

"You know, eventually you're going to be too big for this. Most twelve year olds don't get to do this." I say.

"Why do you think I'm doing it so much?" She says as she starts to nuzzle my head. "I'm enjoying as much of my childhood as I can before it's over."

That's, a surprisingly mature and adult thing.

"Most kids your age want to be seen and treated like grown ups." I say as I start to follow Carol.

"Most kids my age have had years to be a kids." She says in a low tone. "And most don't know what it's like to have to fend for themselves."

"Well, you enjoy yourself up there." I say. "And don't worry about any grown up stuff."

"I won't. At least until the ferry is up and running." Kitsu says.

"Why not let Carol handle it?" I suggest.

"She has enough on her plate." Kitsu says softly. "Besides, my money, my ferry."

"Let's talk about it later." I say as we make our way out of the reptile house.




-The Rig, 4:34pm-




Christopher "Kid Win" POV


"So the latches work on a magnetic interlock but can use a simple latch as a backup just in case." I say excitedly.

I'm in the testing room on The Rig with Dennis.

"So how's this thing work?" Dennis asks as he takes the new gauntlets I made him and puts them on.

"Press your thumb to your index knuckle." I instruct.

He does so and a small sheet of paper flies out.

"Whoa! Okay, you made me an inkless printer." He says. "At least I'll never run out of autograph paper."

"Tag the paper right after it comes out." I say with a roll of my eyes.

He does so and the paper remains flat in the air. He then looks to me with a shrug.

"What now?"

"Walk on it dingbat!" I say. "Use the papers to make a stairway or a platform to cross gaps."

"Oh." He says and steps up on it just in time for his power to cut off. "WHOA!"

And he crashed to the floor on his gut.

I crouch down next to him.

"Also, if you do it fast enough you can possibly make a wall. There's a magnetic identifier on the thumb and middle finger." I say as I help him stand up. "Tap them together and you'll change the modes from single, to automatic. It'll rapid fire the sheets."

"One thing at a time please?" He says as he gets up fully. "And why not just make the paper come out my boots? That way I don't have to do this awkward gorilla walk."

"I thought of that, but I'm still working out a few kinks. For one the paper keeps crinkling and jamming. I have to store it in the calf of the boot and as it slides it keeps getting caught at the ankle." I explain.

"Well, have you tried construction paper?" He asks.

"I did, it's too rigid so it jams at the heel. I tried that flimsy wax paper stuff too." I say. "That didn't work either, they're too weak and collapse on themselves when they get propelled out. Jamming in their storage unit."

"Well, how about cloth?"

"Same problem with the wax paper." I say. "Wraps itself up and clumps at the ankle."

"Well, I'll stay here and try to figure this out." He says as he flips out the paper and stops it mid air.

"Alright, If you need me I'll be working with Armsmaster on a few projects." I say.

"On something for him. I'm guessing." Dennis says in a low tone. "When is it your turn for an upgrade?"

"You know how the process for tinker tech approval goes. It's harder for Wards to get approval on their gear." I defend.

"Yet look at the gauntlets." Dennis says as he raises them up. "You're being used, man."

"Am not. Look, I'll talk to you later alright?" I say and continue my walk out.

I know these tinker sessions benefit Armsmaster more than me. But I'm learning a lot! Really!

I just haven't been able to use what I've learned yet. That's it.




-Brockton Bay Zoo, 5:23pm-




Kitsu POV


"Gift shop. Gift shop. Gift shop." I chant as we walk towards, well, the gift shop.

"Okay, Kitsu." Mom says as she lets go of my hand. "Stay in the store. If I call you, I expect you to be in front of me in ten seconds. Got it?"

"Got it!" I say as I give a salute.

"Good girl." She says as she reaches down and scratches my ears. "Now go on."

I zip off the moment she raises her hand. Before realizing something and running back.

"Real quick!" I say as she turns back to me. "What's the budget?"

"Just don't get anything too expensive." She says simply.

Uuuuuh.

"What's considered expensive?" I ask.

She gives me her 'don't be stupid' look.

"I'm being serious." She says.

"So am I." I say. "I've never had to pay, buy, or earn money before. It's all just numbers to me."

She gains a frustrated look before responding.

"What do you think is expensive?" She asks.

"Uh, a thousand?" I ask.

I'm being serious, I've been so far removed from the economy these last five years that I've lost any grasp of money I might've had.I know how much something costs in comparison to how much I have. But, five years of never really paying for anything will seriously dissociate you from the economy.


"And what is cheap?" She asks.

"a dollar?" I try.

She stares at me for a minute before talking again.

"Starting next week, you're getting an allowance for chores." She says "Don't get anything above fifty dollars."

"Roger!" I say and zip off.

I ended up getting a backpack shaped like a fluffy turtle shell.




-Dallon House, Saturday, April 24th, 7am-




Kitsu POV


Why do people not wake up early on weekends? It's the best time to get up early!

A whole day of nothing planned! But because I'm the only early riser, I'm just stuck watching TV until everyone wakes up.

I'd experiment with some plants till then, but one, I'm not allowed to without Amy there to supervise. Two, I already tried to experiment without Amy, and I barely managed to hide and clean up the disaster that was a plant that spews hallucinogenic pollen. The pollen didn't cause hallucinations. Instead, it just degraded into methane! Any longer and people would've died.

I still don't know how I did that. And Amy quickly figured out what happened. And helped me cover it up by making methane fixing bacteria that quickly killed themselves off.

Her reasoning being that it was 'preemptive care' by ensuring no one was hurt. Like brushing teeth to prevent cavities.

Back to now, I'm lying on the couch eating a bag of potato chips in my sleepwear. Watching Pokémon on the Earth-Aleph channels. And I get an idea.

Eevee.

That neck floof!

I've been idly learning the patterns and structure of my fur follicles. Both the short hair follicles on my cheeks, shoulders and legs. As well as the long hair follicles of my tail.

I need to call Parian about a winter coat. I could totally go around as a golden Eevee! The fluff levels will be over nine thousand!

*Click*

Sounds like Amy's up. And she's going to take a shower.

And commercial.

I idly make illusions of ancient Greek warriors on the coffee table. All attacking and fighting in a pitched battle. They're separated by the colors of their sashes. I'm rooting for the blue team.

Oh no! Blue team general just got sniped in the eye with an arrow! No! They're routing!

I'm very bored.

A little while later and a few more episodes of Pokémon on rerun. And Amy comes into the living room as I hear Vicky get up.

Amy takes the remote and changes it to some teen drama before sitting down at the arm.

"Hey! I was watching that!" I protest.

"Not allowed to eat chips on the couch." She counters.

I pause momentarily and consider my options.

"Well played." I say and run back to put the chips up.
I make my way back and sit down in Amy's lap.

"What now?" She asks.

I look up to her and shrug.

"I'unno, just felt like it." I say and look back to the TV.

"When is Missy supposed to get here?" Amy asks tiredly.

"At about nine thirty to ten. Why?" I ask.

"Sooner she's here the sooner you leave me alone." She says.

"If you want me to leave you alone then just ask." I say, not taking my eyes off the TV.

Mom got up; she's heading to the shower. Vicky is having some, alone time, in her room. Dad is just now getting up.

"Did you leave the coffee on for Dad?" I ask.

"Yes, and please get off my lap." She answers.

I hop off her lap and lay back down on my stomach. Kicking my feet in the air as we both watch TV.




-9:45 am-




Missy "Vista" Biron POV


Finally!

Mom pulls up and parks in the driveway just in time for Mr. Dallon to step out of his car, he waves to us with a smile.

"Who is that?" Mom asks lasciviously.

"That is Mark Dallon. Carol Dallon's husband. The dad of my girlfriend." I stress to her.

"Don't get snappy with me young lady, I am still your mother." She says. "And I was just asking a question."

I would argue it. Because last time she asked who someone, was in that tone, dad got more evidence of infidelity. And mom ruined another person's marriage. But I just want to spend time with my girlfriend and debating with my mother will only delay that. Or worse, prevent it.

"Alright, I'll see you Sunday afternoon." I say and grab my bag.

"Yeah, sure." She says, already putting the car in reverse.

I hop out and close the door. Mom driving off the moment I get a few feet from the car.

"Hey Missy, how're you?" Mr. Dallon asks.

He's nice. I like him and he likes me well enough, so we get along. He does however, love teasing Kitsu over our relationship.

"I'm alright." I say before asking. "How have you been?"

"I'm doing just fine. A quick heads up though, you might need to keep the sunglasses on. We're having company over." He says.

I've taken to wearing sunglasses anytime I'm outside whenever I stay here. Something Armsmaster advised me to do. Saying that, while people in the area greatly respect the privacy of capes. It would only take one person thoughtlessly posting a video.
He can be nice as well sometimes.

"That's fine, I'll just stay with Kitsu." I say as I follow him to the front door.

"That's just it, a few of them are here to see her." He says. "Why don't you go in first?" he says with a confident smirk.

I shrug and take him up on the offer.

"Missy!"

I immediately get glomped by my little snuggle bug. I hug her back and enjoy the exited swishing of her tail.

"MMMMM!" I squeal out as I squeeze her. "I missed you!"

"It's only been a few days!" She chuckles as she detaches from me. I don't let go.

"Too long!" I say and enjoy her warmth.

"Missy?" She says. "Dad's still stuck outside."

"Oh!" I say and let go. "I'm sorry!" I say as I step in and turn to him.

"You're fine." He chuckles out. "Well, you girls have fun, I need to make a few calls."

"Kay!" Kitsu calls out as he closes the door and walks to the kitchen.

"So who's going to be over?" I ask.

"Oh! Um, Pinky, Gully, Firebreather, Crystal, Eric, Aunt Sarah, Uncle Neil, Daredevil, aaaannnd I think that's it." She lists off.

That's a lot of people.

"What are they all coming over for?" I ask as we sit down on the couch, me at the arm, Kitsu with a pillow behind her in the middle next to Amy.

Who I just noticed is there.

"Well, Aunt Sarah and Uncle Neil are coming over to talk about the expansion of New Wave with Mom and Dad later after Mom gets home from work. Crystal and Eric are kind of just tagging along." She explains. "Daredevil is coming over to discuss my plants and getting them approved for sale. And Firbreather, Pinky, and Gully are coming by to learn about their new housing arrangements."

"Okay, who are Firebreather and Pinky?" I ask.

"Oh, Fire and Pinky are more Case 53's. They're wanting to join New Wave." She explains.

'Oh.' I think to myself. 'I'm not getting a lot of time with my snuggle bug today.'

"Hey Missy, wanna see something cool?" Amy asks.

"Um sure?" I say unsurely.

She reaches over and puts a hand to Kitsu face.

"Huh, Amy stop!"

I watch in amazement as my snuggle bug gets fluffier. Two gold stripes of fur on her cheeks.

"Amy!" Kitsu yells before Amy starts scratching her cheeks. "Noo, stop~" Kitsu moans out.

I stare in wonder and slight jealousy at the sight. Not quite sure how to interpret what I'm seeing.

"You try." Amy says with a devilish smirk.

"Huh?" I ask numbly.

She slowly pushes Kitsu towards me. I start scratching her other cheek and Kitsu falls on me!

'YES!' I think excitedly as Amy moves back with a smirk.

"Amy, as soon as Missy stops, I'll kill you." Kitsu says tiredly. "Missy, don't stop~"

I hold my snuggle bug as I bring her up to me. I plant a kiss on her cheek before nuzzling her. Enjoying the soft fur and the way she presses herself to me.

I just lay there, nuzzling and cradling my girlfriend.

"Now try and get up." Amy says.

"What?" I say in confusion.

'Why would I get up?' I think to myself. 'I'm in heaven!'

"Try and get up." She repeats.

I shrug and do so. Only to find I can't. Kitsu had fallen asleep

I'm okay with this.

"See?" She says with a smirk.

I just squeeze and cuddle my girlfriend in response. And warp the space around me to grab the TV remote from the end table next to Amy.

"Nope." I say with a smile. Enjoying her look of surprise.

"Powers are bullshit." She huffs as space returns itself to normal.

I just shrug and change the channel.




-11am-




Kitsu POV


I slowly wake up and look around.
I'm on top of Missy.

"Morning~" She sings out and nuzzles my cheek.

"Mmmm~" I moan out.

It feels like when someone scratches my ears, but better. It's so calming.

"Stop." I manage to whine out.

"But you're so cute!" Missy whines in protest.

"Missy, I mean it." I grit out.

She freezes and slowly pulls back.

"I, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you or anything I just." She starts to ramble.

I get off of her and rush to the bathroom. Ignoring Vicky who is taking a dump and yelling at me. I grab the wet wipes and wipe off the fur after shutting off the follicles. Just in time to dodge the plunger Vicky threw.

I run out, throw the wipes away. And go back to sit next to Missy. Amy isn't here, and neither is Dad. So I can only assume there was an emergency at the hospital.

"I'm sorry." Missy repeats.

"You're fine, this is on Amy." I say and cross my arms. "She knows I hate that."

"Why?" Missy asks.

"Because!" I fume. "I have enough to deal with, the tail, the ears, the eyes, the nose. I don't need facial or body hair!"

I'd be okay with an Eevee neck floof because that's cute! The stripes just make me feel like I have a beard.

I finish my rant and Missy just sits there awkwardly.

"For what it's worth. I like it." She says softly.

"I don't." I pout.

After a bit of silence Missy reaches over and starts scratching my ears.

"Mrm!" I hold in a squeal.

"Please don't be mad." Missy says. "You're so much cuter when you're happy."

"Fine!" I say as I fall over on her. "I'm not mad at you."

I snake my arms around and hold her.
We nuzzle and cuddle a bit before I detach and look up to her.

"Oh! I got news!" I say excitedly.

"What's that?" She asks.

"I'm buying the ferry!" I say and sit up on my knees.
She stares in confusion a bit before responding.

"Why?" She asks.

"Because we need a place to house the new members of New Wave." I say.

She stares a bit more before responding again.

"So you bought a boat?" She asks. "Are you turning it into a boat house? I feel like buying a normal house would be better."

"No." I say with a roll of my eyes. "We need a way to pay for their housing. So I'm buying the ferry and repairing it. We'll use that to earn money and use either the ferry itself or one of the stations as housing."

"Oh. Who're you guys needing to house?" She asks.
"Firebreather, Pinky, and Gully." I say. "Of course we're planning on more. But that's for the now."

She looks me a bit more. Before leaning forward and kissing my cheek.

My face heats up a bit as I was not expecting that.

"W-wah what was that for?!" I stutter out.

"I felt like it." She says with a shrug. "Just like I feel like doing this."

She leans forward and grabs me again. Pulling me against her chest before leaning back. Thrusting her hips forward to bounce us up and kick my legs out. So that I'm now laying on her again.

"Ah! Missy!" I cry out in surprise at her forwardness.

She just gives that cute laugh of hers and squeezes me in response. Nuzzling our cheeks together.

"I miss the fur!" Missy whines. "It was so soft!"

"Too bad! I'm not bringing it back." I yell out as I struggle. "Release me!"

"No!" She says happily.

This means war!




-Few minutes later-




Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV


I put the car in park and step out. Stretching my back as I make my way to the door and walk in.

"I'm on top!" Kitsu says.

I walk in to see Kitsu straddling Missy. Holding her wrists down against couch as she glares down at the girl. Their faces mere inches apart.

One of Kitsu's ears twitch towards me. She looks up towards me, her face bursting into a massive blush before looking down to Missy, and then back to me.

"This isn't what it looks like!" She says with a voice crack.




-1pm-




Kitsu POV


"Uno." Missy calls before placing another card. "Out. I win."

"How!" I demand.

"You're just not good at games." Dad says.

"That's not the!-"

*Rrrrrrrmmmm*

"Oh, wait. Some people are here." I say as my ears perk at the sound.

Missy quickly flips up the hood of the hoodie I gave her and throws on her purple sunglasses.

Dad gets up and goes to the door and opens it.

"How'd you know we were here?" I hear Neil shout as he gets out of his car.

"Kitsu heard you pulling up!" Dad shouts back.

"Wanna go to my room while they talk?" I ask.

"Actually I'm curious to see the new recruits." Missy says.

I give a shrug and scoot over to her. Now facing the door as Dad greets Uncle Neil. Who has to duck slightly as he enters.

"Hail to the giant!" I say as he walks in. "Don't worry, we don't have any David's."

"What?" He asks in confusion.

"David and Goliath." Sarah says. "Now move, you're blocking the doorway." She says and smacks his butt.

"Okay! Jeez." He says as he moves.

Eric walks in and holds the door for Pinky.

"Thanks!" Pinky says as she walks past.

Holy shit! She cleans up hot! Like damn! I thought I had good proportions for my size.

"Hi Pinky!" I say with a wave.

"Hi Kitsu." She says with a smile. "So we just wait in the kitchen?"

"Yep! Down the hall, past the doors." I say and point to the hallway.

"Thanks!" She says and walks towards the hall, Eric following after.

I soon notice Missy staring at them as they pass us. I enhance my speed and perception to lift up the sunglasses and see where she's looking. Tracking her eyes, she's staring at Pinky's rear.

I don't blame her, but seriously? I'm right here!

"Huh?" Missy says as she looks back to me awkwardly. "I uh, so that's Pinky? She seems nice."

I glare at her before turning back to the door.
Firebreather walks in next. Shirtless and shoeless as usual.

"S'up Lizard Boy!" I say excitedly.

I finally remembered where I'd seen him before.
He rolls his eyes in response.

"I really hope that's not going to be my cape name."

"Case 53's tend to just use their regular names." Missy says.

"Oh, why?" He says as he sits at the couch.

"Well, there's thousands of Carols. But only one Brandish. Meanwhile there's only one Kitsu and Firebreather." I explain.

"Huh, okay yeah that makes more sense." He says with a shrug.

Dad walks in and closes the door.

"You good here kiddo? I gotta go talk to Sarah and Neil before I pick up Carol." He says before walking back to the kitchen.

"Yep!" I shout to him. "So where's Crystal?" I ask Fire.

"She's with one of her friends. Sabah I think." Firebreather answers.

"Crystal knows paaaaaaaah I can't. Nope." I catch myself.

"What?" Missy asks.

"My thinker power went off. That is not something I can say." I say, giving my cover story for my meta knowledge.

"Oh, how does that work?" Missy asks.

"You know how Gallant can't turn off his emotion vision?" I ask.

"Yeah." She says with a nod.

"And you know how tinkers get random uncontrolled moments of inspiration?" I continue.

"Roughly, yeah." She says.

"Well, I get random uncontrollable bits of information shoved into my brain in the form of memories." I explain.

"That's, kinda cool." Firebreather says. "Wait, do you remember anything about yourself? Or other Case 53's?" He asks with excitement.

Oh boy. That's a tough one.

Do I? Fuck it. Better than me saying something by accident and getting called out later.

"Does Rosenblatt mean anything to you?" I ask. "Often times the memories I get are faded or vague."

He actually goes silent for a bit. He looks confused and gains a thousand mile stare. Like he's piecing together a puzzle a hundred feet away.

"No, kinda, no. It, it's, familiar. But no." He says softly.

"Sorry, I try not say things I get from my power." I say. "And no, I've never gotten anything on myself."

"You're fine. I asked so it's on me." He says somberly. "So where's everyone else?"

"Amy is at the hospital, Mom's at work until five. And Vicky is brooding in her room." I explain.

Missy is slowly scooting closer to me as I talk.

"She alright? I remember she was in trouble." He asks.

"She's fine. Just upset at being grounded and not being able to patrol or suck face with her boyfriend." I say easily enough.

"What'd she get grounded for?" He asks.

"I'd tell you, but then I'd have to torture you into silence to make sure you didn't tell anyone." I say with a smile.

I enjoy the wide eyed look he gets at my statement.

"That's not funny." Missy says, now right next to me.
In response I twist over and sit sideways in her lap.

"Eep!" She squeaks out.

"I wasn't kidding. And besides, I know there are people who would pay to have me torture them." I say and throw my arms around her neck.

"Uh, uh, I." She breathes out, her face redder than Firebreather's.

I kiss her cheek. Enjoying the way she squeals and tenses at the action.

"There are people." Missy whines in a hushed voice.

"And I've said it before. I don't care." I say and plant another kiss on her cheek. "Besides, I know you like it~"

She takes the hood and tries to hide under it. Only for me to move my head in the way and kiss her cheek again.

"You can't hide from me!~" I tease and wrap my tail around her back to keep her from pulling back.

"You two are adorable, ya know that?" Firebreather laughs out.

"She is isn't she?" I say and nuzzle her cheek. Enjoying the sound of her heart pounding. If her face heats up anymore I'll start absorbing energy from it!




-5:30pm-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


"So, with that, it comes down to either using the ferry as a base. Or one of the stations." I say to the group gathered in my living room.

Mark is in a chair next to me. Vicky, Amy, and Eric are on the couch. Pinky is leaning on the arm next to Eric. Firebreather is leaning against the wall in the corner. Sarah is in the recliner and Neil is standing next to her. Gully is in the chair Kitsu made for her and Kitsu is sitting next to Missy at the coffee table.
The fact it's so cramped just shows how much we need an actual base of operations.

"I vote the boat!" Kitsu says, raising her hand.

"Wouldn't that make it difficult to get to while it's in use?" Gully asks.

"Most of us are flyers." Vicky says. "Plus I think a base on the water would be cool."

"What's she doing here?" Firebreather asks, pointing to Missy. "Is she joining?"

"She's here because she's my girlfriend." Kitsu says and pulls the now smiling girl into a protective hug.

"Wait, does that mean I could've invited Dean?" Vicky asks.

"No, Vista made plans to be here before we intended this meeting." I say. "And besides that. You're still grounded."

"Why didn't you just cancel their date?" Sarah asks.

"Because that's not fair to Vista." I say.

Truth is, I don't like talking to her mother. She's a class A bitch, and that's coming from me.

"Back on topic?" Mark says.

"Okay, personally I think we should use the station." I say, getting us back on topic. "The south station is closer to us and the renovations will take less time."

"But that means we'll have to pay for its upkeep before we start making returns on the ferry." Sarah points out.

"I'm okay with that." Kitsu says.

"It's not your money." Eric says.

Kitsu, Mark, Amy, Vicky, Sarah, Neil, and I all look to him.

"What?" He says in confusion.

"All of it is Kitsu's money." I clarify.

He's silent for a minute, wide eyed and mouth ajar.

"How?" He asks in astonishment.

"I'm awesome." Kitsu says and puffs out her chest. "That's how."

"Google Eagleton." Amy says.

"I personally don't care either way." Firebreather says.

"Just so we're clear. It's my boat." Kitsu says.

Everyone ignores that remark.

"Making our new base of operations on the boat itself would make it fairly inaccessible. Not only that, but there's also all the tourists." Neil says. "Making our base on the boat itself while also using it as a tourist attraction is just asking for an attack. And we don't have any tinkers for building a defensive network. And hiring Toybox would put a dent in even your budget Kitsu."

"But, boat." Kitsu complains. "Can I at least decorate it?"

"You can run your ideas by the marketing team, but they have final say." I tell her. "And before you ask, any and all plants need to be approved by the PRT first."

"Kay." She says sadly.

"Now, the southern station? Any objections?"

"I think making the northern station would make it easier to patrol and make way into gang territory." Kitsu says.

"It also makes it easier for them to attack us." Mark points out.

"You're supposed to be on my side!" She whines.

"I am, but not everyone is immortal like you." Mark says.

"What do you mean immortal?" Pinky asks.

"She can't die, like, ever or at all." Amy answers.

"How's that fair?" Eric asks.

"Ask life." Kitsu replies.

"Back on topic!"

This is going to be a while.




-8:30pm-




Mathew "Daredevil" Murdock POV


As Foggy pulls up to the house and parks, I unbuckle and grab my suitcase.

"That one's mine." Foggy says.

"Nice try." I say and face him with a smile. "Mine has notches carved into the handle."

"Once, just once would you let me win?" Foggy complains as he slaps his sides.

"Nope." I say and grab my cane.

I don't need it. But it helps keep my identity. That and it's my weapon. So having it near at all times is just comforting.

"Still, how'd you manage to score a contract with the PRT? I get the Hess defense case." Foggy says as he rounds to step beside me. "But legal liaisons to New Wave? How?"

"Let's just say that a little fox made a deal with the devil." I say before knocking on the door.

"What?" He ask in confusion.

There are the scents of numerous people here. They're gone now. But the fact that there were multiple people is interesting.

Someone is approaching the door, female by the gait of her steps, adult by the weight of the vibrations it sends through the ground.

The door opens and I give a genuine smile.

"Hello, we're here to speak with the Dallons over some tinker creations?" I say and hold a hand out. "Matthew Murdock, me and my partner Frederick Nelson are here on behalf of the Protectorate and Parahuman Response Team of the East Northeast."

"Carol Dallon, nice to meet you. Please come in." She says as she takes my hand.

"Of course." I say and follow her in.

"Dude, why is it that every time you open the door, it's a hot girl?" Foggy whispers as he comes up behind me.

"I wouldn't know. Seeing as I can't tell what they look like." I whisper back as we're led to the kitchen.

"Dude, she's hot." Foggy whispers back.

"Is he aware I have super hearing as well?" I hear a quiet whisper from the room to my right.

"I don't think he is." I whisper back.

"This is weird." Kitsu says. "Is this how people feel when they know I can hear them?"

I will admit, it's a little weird. Not used to having someone else be able to hear me. I guess she feels the same.

"You can sit here." She says as she pulls out a chair.
I move my cane out in front of me to feel for the chair. Then reach out to grab it and guide myself to sit down.

Judging by the smell they have two coffee drinkers in the house. And coffee was made just this morning. And the vibrations of the floor are telling me that one of these chairs is denser than it has any right to be.

There are two teenage girls further in the house. They're laying down on a bed and watching a movie. And two girls in the room I just passed in the hall. One smells a mix of shampoo and pet cleaner. Kitsu. The other smells of sweat and a faint sweet scent. Vista.

Foggy pulls out the chair next to me and takes a seat.

"First off, you understand that this conversation will be recorded audibly for verification and for M/S protocols?" I say as I open my brief case and take out a tape recorder and start it.

"I'm fully aware and consent to being recorded on audio for the purpose of the meeting." She says professionally.

"Right then, we understand that your daughter Kitsu has some tinker devices she wants approved by the PRT?" Foggy says.

Carol sits across from us and crosses her hands together.

"Foster daughter, and I wouldn't call them devices. She's made some unique plants she wants to display and sell." She says.

Her tone says the foster daughter is a reflex. She's used to correcting the misconception. Her heartbeat however, as well as the tensing of her muscles say that she doesn't mind Kitsu being called her daughter.

"Well, regardless, we would like to see some of these and discuss the cost of government approval." I say.

"Right, well, Kitsu, can you come here?" She says evenly.

"Is she-" Foggy says before a gust of wind blasts through and Kitsu is next to Carol. Tail wagging and ears perked up at the lady.

"Yes?" Kitsu asks.

Foggy flinches and I snap my ear to the girl. Feigning surprise at her sudden appearance.

"Was she always there?" I whisper to Foggy. "Or was that gust of wind her?"

"The wind was her." Foggy confirms.

Kitsu may know who I am. But Foggy, Carol, Vista, and all the others in the house don't.

"Okay then, Kitsu? You have some things for us to take back?" I ask.

"Yep! Be right back!" She says quickly.

And in another gust she's gone.

I hear her grab a few things and walk back normally with them.

She reenters the room with several potted plants. Their smells make it difficult to discern what they are. Though the vibrations and air waves tell me she's carrying three small flowers, and she's carrying a sunflower on a floating disk. And the sunflower has electricity going through it.

'Piggot's going to want to know about that one.' I idly note.

She places the potted plants on the table as the sunflower sets itself down on the floor.

She scoots one of the flowers forward.

"Here's a black petunia, it has glowing purple dots on the petals to make a spiral design. It only glows in dim or no light though." She says excitedly as she hands the flower over. "I call it Petunia Bironia."

I also note that they smell faintly of the sweet scent that Vista has.

"Huh, neat." Foggy says. "Any reason behind the name?"

"Well, petunia is the genus." She says.

"And the second part?" I ask.

"No reason." She lies.

Carol just rolled her eyes.

"And the others?" Foggy asks.

"This is a Stygian Bluebell." She says. "It's one of my favorites. They glow and chime when you touch the flowers."

She flicks one and sure enough. They do in fact chime.

"It's scientific name is Hyacinthoides Impossibile." She says. "It's Latin for impossible."

"Alright, why Stygian?" I ask.

This one is honestly fascinating. It's capacity for being an early guard system is not to be underestimated. A flower that glows and chimes when disturbed? Plant a bunch of these around a secure building and even those with invisibility could be spotted.

"Stygian blue is an impossible color. These are impossible flowers." She says smugly. "These next ones are just ones I made because I can't have candles." She says. Pushing a sweet smelling vine plant forward.

"Why not?" I ask.

"Because I smell everything that goes into them. Not just the scented oils." She says.

Oof. I felt that.

"They're bleeding heart vines I made by mashing wisteria and bleeding hearts. Wisteria Lampro." She starts. "The grow to ten feet long and only in dimly lit areas. They give off a sweet watermelon scent. And they glow."

"Just to clarify, none of these are dangerous?" Foggy asks.

"The petunia's are entirely harmless, the Stygian Bluebells might give you indigestion but are again otherwise harmless, the Bleeding Wisteria is harmless to people but will kill a cat if they eat it. I don't know why."

I'm scared to ask how she figured that out.

"And what about that one?" I ask and point to the sunflower, though I make sure to be slightly off.
Foggy takes my hand and moves it to point to the flower.

"That one, it can be dangerous." She says apprehensively.

At least she's not hiding anything.

"How so?" I ask.

"Have you ever stuck a fork in a light socket?" She asks.

"No/Yes" I and Foggy answer respectively.

I slowly turn my head to my partner.

"Later you're telling me how that happened." I say before turning back to the fox and motion for her to continue.

"Well, then you know it's not fun. This is an Eclipse Flower. It absorbs light and converts it to electrical energy. When the blue center is disturbed it releases an electrical charge down a feeder root. It's toxic to eat and, well, zappy." She rants.

'She made a bioelectrical generator.' I realize. 'This alone could make her a millionaire.'

Not to mention the fact she manage to make a plant produce electricity! If she wanted to she could retrofit it to make weapons, defense grids. Hell, an electric vine fence!

"Alright then." I say. "Let's get down to the fun part, logistics."

"Whelp, you got this mom!" She says as she goes to leave.

"Nope, you're going to be present for every meeting." Carol says. "You will be aware of what you're signing and I'll make sure of it."

"Aww!" She whines.

It almost reminds me of when my dad would make me study.

It brings a nostalgic smile to my face.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus
.
.
-Pelham House-




Pinky POV


I'm cleaning up Crystals room. I figured it's the least I could do to help out. She's nice enough to let me sleep in here after all.

Eric too! He's been super nice to me. Keeping me company and making sure I'm not lonely. He got a little upset when I kept beating him at video games though. But considering he's had thousands of hours worth of experience. And I just started. It's understandable.

I think he might have a crush on me, but I'm not sure. Sure he's cute and all. But I don't really know much about him.

As I'm putting away some clothes in a basket I go to check under the bed. More clothes, empty makeup containers. Huh?

"What's this?" I say as I grab a long brown box.

It's opened, but closed in that overlapping panels way and has something inside it. So, I don't think it's trash. I give a quick look around the side of the box. To see what it says. It's a mailing address sticker.

"Bad, Dragon?" I say as I read the sender.

I shrug and put it with the pile of stuff I don't know where to put. There's also a bunch of comic books under here. She seems to like medieval fantasy. Who would've thought she'd be such a nerd? There's probably an expensive dragon figurine in that box.
Guess her and Eric have more in common than they realize. One's a game nerd the other's a comic geek!
I'm not one for comics so I just take the stack and put it in the pile.

I wonder what Nightcrawler's doing? I was able to look into Faultline. And found out why he did what he did. Oddly enough, he doesn't have any real charges other than many accounts of criminal trespassing.
Oh! There are more boxes. It actually seems like she has these organized under here. I bet it's a whole collection! There's probably a hero, a princess, a wizard and more! I'll just put the other one back, next to the rest. I know how some people get over their figurines.




Bonus 2
.
.
Dossier
.
.
Daredevil

Mathew Murdock
Thinker 4

Has 360 degree view of his surroundings. Only the visible spectrum is his blind spot. Outside of this he is a basic human. Despite that fact he is one the PRT ENE's best covert capes. With skills in numerous martial arts and a keen intellect. As well as being a skilled acrobat and gymnast.

He is not a natural trigger. He was blinded in an accident at a young age and his father tirelessly searched for a way to help his son. Cauldron offered him a solution at a heavy cost and when he couldn't pay. He disappeared.
Mathew would go on to enter law school, where he met his future law partner Frederic Nelson. After a series of cases where he was unable to help the victims see justice. He set out to find it for them. Several months later he joined the PRT.

Cool, calm, collected. Matt has a bleeding heart for those he sees as victims. And believes that while no one is beyond redemption, no one is beyond consequence.




Popper
James Xavier

Mover 5

Has a unique teleportation power. He makes a mental request, similar to how Eidolon does, and items or people that fit the request get teleported to him. The more vague the request, the larger the range he pulls from. An example being that he once teleported all ammunition from the mags of those in firefight by requesting, "Bullets" and allowing the other PRT capes to safely apprehend the thugs involved.

When he was at a county fair doing PR work. Behemoth showed up. And Popper unconsciously requested "Help" for the situation. And a series of cars and movers showed up. Kitsu included.
.
.
Static Shock
Vergil Hawkins

Brute 3
Striker 5
Blaster 7
Mover 4

Has an all encompassing and versatile control over the electromagnetic spectrum. Has a minor brute rating that allows him to heal using electricity. Uses electromagnetic energy to magnetically lift and move items, including a specially made saucer he uses to move around. Can coat himself in electricity and control electricity outside his body. As well as see the bioelectrical aura's people give off.
Vergil Hawkins was severely bullied in school, enough to the point that he was about to join a gang despite the fact that his mother died to gangbangers in a shoot out. When he was going through initiation the local police brought out experimental tear gas that had a violent reaction with the waste in the area they were in. Turning the gas toxic and deadly. Nearly a hundred people died and at least five people triggered. The event causing Vergil to undergo a double trigger and experience the bleeding effect from all the nearby triggers giving his numerous secondary abilities outside of just producing and controlling electricity. Being horrifically traumatized, Vergil set out to lead by example, believing that if he can make the streets safe enough, and make sure others don't suffer. No one will have to go through what he went through.

Witty, kind hearted, determined. Vergil is a very by-the-book person, believing laws exist to serve the public. However, the moment he believes an innocent is in danger, all rules mean nothing. Has a minor case of survivors guilt and believes he is responsible for the safety and well being of everyone around him.





A/N
I based the Zoo on the St. Louis Zoo. It's the only one I really remember ever going to.
Mainly because that scene with the gorilla is a one for one retelling of an event from my childhood visit to the St. Louis zoo.
I later learned that gorilla's name was Jon Jon.


Fuck you Jon Jon.
.
Popper is a scrapped character I made. He was going to be in San Francisco until the events of Gold Morning where he dies. Yes, his story would've ended with him dying. I scrapped that idea because he was honestly difficult to write.

.
I'm rewatching Ben 10 ultimate alien and got to a certain episode.
Prisoner 775.
God! It got dark! Especially at the end when Ben slams him into the jeep and Prisoner 775 just begs for Ben to finish it. Begging Ben to let him join his dead family. And he just curls up, begging Ben to kill him while saying he has nothing left.
I all thought was. Holy shit, we need more of this!


QUESTIONS!
.
FOR NEWB

Guest: Is Venom going to be here?

NEWB: I haven't decided.
.
FOR KITSU

DancingLeaf: Have you ever seen Spice and Wolf?

Kitsu: Have you ever eaten an apple? Of course I have!
.
.
As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas moving forward.

Find in newb's-grotto at the discord!

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
Last edited: Apr 30, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt, Olegzol and 235 others
Newb to the game
Apr 29, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
3
4
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
65 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
EurasianHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Achieving World Domination as Victoria Dallon! (Worm SI!Vicky)
Eurasian Jun 28, 2026 Words: 169k 1 ... 22 23 24 evil mc self-insert victoria dallon
Replies693
Views111K
Today at 10:54
22darthvad
Chastity
 [NSFW] Getting A Harem Is So Gallant (Worm, Mind Control)
Chastity Wednesday at 09:45 Words: 7.4k 1 2 amy dallon harem mind control
Replies36
Views12K
Today at 13:27
MagnificentMind
MagnificentMind
Hoden
[NSFW] A Different Dallon
Hoden Feb 12, 2026 Words: 32k 1 2 3 4 5 incest male protag maledom
Replies145
Views63K
Apr 20, 2026
The_Woolgatherer
The_Woolgatherer
EliXiR_
[NSFW] Roulette (A Worm/Gacha Fic)
EliXiR_ Jun 9, 2026 Words: 7.4k 1 2 chaos gacha harem miss militia / hannah washington
Replies44
Views10K
Jun 19, 2026
Isebas
Isebas
OnAHiatus
 [NSFW] Parasyte X Worm (An Alt-Taylor Fic)
OnAHiatus Aug 22, 2026 Words: 2.8k 1 2 all the body horror amy dallon parasite
Replies48
Views2K
Yesterday at 16:48
OnAHiatus
OnAHiatus
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Worm CYOA, Kitsu 1
 Thread starterNewb to the game  Start dateMar 7, 2024  Tagsaction adventure amy dallon bisexual protag carol dallon comedy cyoa female oc insert female protag first fic gremlin mc mark dallon missy biron morally dubious morally grey protagonist original character romance self-insert slice of life the dallons victoria dallon worm worm crossover worm cyoa
Prev  
1
2
3
4
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 31 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
May 2, 2024
Add bookmark
#264
A/N Dog house
Alt title:
.
.
update from original time of release, i just post Ch. 62 on FFN

Apparently FFN should be fixed by the end of the month.
.
Fun fact! The reason Kitsu doesn't swear or use profanity when she talks is because she sees it as lazy, not due to any abhorrence to foul language. If you want to emphasize something, then do it in a way that draws real attention to it. If you're going to insult someone, make it something memorable.
.
Can I just point out how stupid it is that FFN doesn't allow sex scenes? Flamesclawsxx said it best in their A/N at the end of their Villainous Ventures chapter. It would not be hard to make an extra rating category for fics that have them. All they're doing is forcing authors and viewers to other platforms.
Rant over.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Disclaimer: I don't own Worm or any other characters in this work, other than my OC. All other characters belong to their respective properties.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-Dallon House, Sunday, April 25th, 6am-




Kitsu POV


I wake up snuggling Missy. Mom's okay with us sleeping in the same bed. So long as my door stays open and our clothes stay on.

Missy is holding me as the big spoon in our half spoon cuddle while I hold onto her, resting my head on her chest with my leg draping over hers. My tail decided to wrap itself around her leg while we were asleep rather than drape over her. So that's currently stuck between her knees and calves. So long as she doesn't move in any awkward way. I'll be fine.

I slowly move my tail, unwrapping and carefully straightening it out. I'm slowly siding it out from between her legs when.

"Mhh~" Missy moans in her sleep, she rubs her thighs together and holds me tighter. "Kitsu~ we can't~" She says dreamily as I try to keep myself calm.

'Oh god she's dreaming of me!' I think as my body burns in embarrassment and slight excitement.

I'm stuck there, frozen as I regain my bearings. I, kinda wanna know what she's dreaming.

I discard the thought as I slip my tail out the rest of the way and untangle from my girlfriend. I then rush to the bathroom. Intent on getting a shower before anyone else. While also calming myself down with my bio-kinesis.




-7am-




Missy "Vista" Biron POV


I wake up feeling amazing. I got to spend yesterday with my snuggle bug. And ended it with a proper cuddle!

And I had an amazing dream.

I stretch and realize sadly that my little fuzz ball isn't here. Oh well, she's probably getting a shower. Or making breakfast.

I'm glad she wasn't too upset with me yesterday. After the fur incident and then her catching me staring at another girl.

She later said she didn't mind if I look at others, she was just upset that I did it with her right there. But can you blame me? It was right there! It practically bounced with every step!

'No! Stop it!' I yell to myself. 'You already have enough eye candy! With her slightly curved figure, smooth slender legs, gorgeous, glowing, sea green eyes.'

I bring one of the pillows up to my face and scream into it. I just love her so much! She's so talented and perfect! And thoughtful! She can sing, draw, paint, she's funny!

'She even named one of her flowers after me! Petunia Bironia! Sure, it's my last name. And if she ever does get adopted, and we get married. I'll be Missy Dallon.' I think happily to myself. 'I'd be in a tux she designed; she'd be in a wedding dress with a white flower veil. We'd have a big celebration and it'd be a night wedding with bleeding wisteria everywhere.' I think to myself as I get lost in my fantasy.

'Mr. Dallon would walk her down the aisle. We'd exchange our vows and share a deep kiss. Everyone would cheer, my parents wouldn't be there. It'd be perfect.' I think as I cuddle the pillow. 'Then, on our wedding night, we can finally~'

"Hey Missy! You can get a shower now!" Kitsu says as she walks in.

"Aaaiii!" I squeak as I'm forced from my daydream. "Oh, um, sure!"

I look over to her. She's in her usual sleep wear, a loose white tee with bubble letters saying what does the fox say? And deliciously form fitting bike shorts. Her tail is now shiny and puffy. And I hope that one day she'll let me smother it.

"You okay?" She asks with an adorable tilt of her head.

"Yeah!" My voice cracks.

She stares for a bit, her ears flick off to face the door and she gains a small smile. She walks over and hops on the bed, landing just in front of me. Crawling over and above me before lying down on top of me.

"Um, Kitsu?" I ask nervously.

She angles her head up to look at me. Before scooting forward on me and planting a kiss on my nose!

"W-what was that for!?" I ask frantically as I'm caught off guard.

She lays her head down on my chest and closes her eyes.

"I felt like it~" She says cheekily. "Besides, you can't get a shower now, Mom just woke up and she's about to get hers. So I'm getting my cuddles in!" She says and squeezes me.

'You're a little cuddle demon!' I think excitedly as I squeeze her back. Enjoying the way her tail raises and wags happily.

"My little snuggle bug!"

"Snuggle bug?" She says as she looks up.

"Did I say that out loud?" My voice cracks.

She gains a devious, fanged smile. Before laying back down on me. Snuggling up and rubbing her head to my chin.

"So, I'm your little snuggle bug huh?" She asks as she snakes her hands under my back.

With no one around, I refind my confidence. I grab her and squeeze as hard as I can and kiss her on her nose.

The best part about an indestructible girlfriend? I can squeeze as hard as I want, and I don't have to worry about hurting her! And her enhanced strength lets her squeeze back at just the right amount of force.

That must be why Dean keeps getting back together with Vicky. Best hugs and snuggles ever!

"Mine." I say and enjoy her blushing. "You're my little snuggle bug."

I plant another kiss on her nose for added effect.
She blushes harder and squeals in embarrassment as she ducks her head down into my chest. Her squealing picks up as she lightly head-butts my chest.

"Mmmm! I like you better when you're the blushing schoolgirl!" She whines.

"If you want me to stop, just say so." I retort.

I've been saving that one since the hospital.

She just squeals harder and hides her face back down into the fabric of my nightgown.

'Thought so.' I think smugly.




-The Rig, 8:30am-




Director Emily Pigot POV


Watching as Mathew funnels in after Collin. We can finally begin the meeting. With Hana and researcher Jamez already here.

"Right then, now we can begin. Armsmaster, start us off." I say.

Always best to give another the order to start. It tests their competency while making it seem as though you cede control and are open to suggestion. When in truth, you gave the order.

It's a power move, but one that's necessary in a room full of powered individuals.

"Right, yesterday Daredevil went over to the Dallon house in their civilian guise in order to work a legal agreement. The topic being that Kitsu is now confirmed to be a bio-tinker and she wants PRT approval for her creations. Further confirming her Trump classification. The research department has come up with a few theories as to the methodology of her powers." He says and gestures to Jamez.

"Right then." The shorter man says as he steps forward. "As most know, Case 53's tend to have more advanced capabilities as compared to the average parahuman, barring certain exceptions. With their average abilities being on par with double triggers. An example being Gully, a Ward from the west coast who has near complete control over the earth around her and can even feel her surroundings through the earth. That being said, their abilities tend to follow a theme, the exception being Kitsu herself." He explains. "Since she was first found she has consistently shown new abilities. And we believe we have finally discovered the methodology."

"I have a question." Hana says. "Why are we still looking into her? She's not a potential threat anymore."

"Because she's still a reckless child and is not immune to mastering." I answer. "And besides that, there are strict orders from director Costa-Brown to monitor her."

"I just think we should leave it be. She's shown a great change in the time she's been with New Wave." Hana continues. "She's been remarkably cooperative and agreeable."

"I agree, it really does seem like she just needed some decent role models." Mathew adds. "In the time I've interacted with her, she was nothing like all the reports said outside of displaying traits commonly associated with Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder."

'Just say ADHD.' I think tiredly.

"Even still, she is a potential S-class. And with this she may very well be upgraded to S-class officially." Collin reminds them. "She's already a contender for being as powerful as Alexandria, and her stunt with Behemoth shows she's capable of pulling All Might levels of strength. The potential of her being mastered and turned against us is too great."

"Agreed, which is why this meeting is taking place. Jamez, continue." I say.

"Right, well we currently have two theories. The first being that she develops new powers as she needs them, with those powers growing as time goes on. The second is that she mimics powers of those close to her." He explains. "The first doesn't really hold up with the new plant creations. Seeing as there was no situation, we can think of that required a need for such a power. The second? It leaves a few holes, but it makes sense. Gallant and Static Shock both reported that she displayed the ability to produce blasts from her hands, and that she herself said it was a new ability. Which would mimic Flashbang's power of creating concussive energy balls."

"That still doesn't explain her suddenly becoming a bio-tinker." Hana says.

"Nilbog." I say simply. "She is close to him. And has had extended contact with him in the past."

"Then why hasn't she shown this power in the past?" Mathew asks.

"For the same reason she isn't warping space." Collin says. "Her power may be acting subconsciously, assimilating information and developing abilities to copy the powers of those around her as best it can. It would hardly be the first case of someone's power acting of its own accord, and with her contact with Nilbog, and now Panacea. It may have given her the ability to freely manipulate biology in a similar way to how she manipulates her own biology as a way to mimic the two. If her power doesn't have a basis to mimic said power, then it doesn't work."

We all turn to look at him with questioning gazes.

"I read the research reports." He says. "She even displayed the ability to make a flying iridescent saucer similar to Static Shocks saucer, after meeting him. And she is confirmed to be an avid fan of his."

"So she's a self trump who develops powers similar to those she develops attachments to?" Hana asks. "I will not lie, that's kind of adorable."

"So long as there is some basis for the power to be possible." Jamez clarifies. "It's why she isn't warping space despite her close relationship to Vista."

"How is she by the way?" I ask. Best to always make sure the others know you care, and hearing reports firsthand is always preferred to second hand.

"She's doing well enough." Hana answers. "Still upset she can't do patrols. Or even borrow her cape outfit to go out with Kitsu."

Understandable that she'd want to be out of her house as much as possible. I've met her parents, and I wish to never do so again. Her father at least tries, but is entirely too self centered to do anything that requires him to think about someone else. And her mother? Well, I wouldn't be surprised if she has young and dumb tattooed on her ass.

Not that I would ever say it out loud. But Vista is an example of someone turning out to be the exact opposite of their parents. And in this case, it's a good thing.

"Well enough then." I say in response. "Can't do anything about the Youth Guard's regulations. Back to the current matter at hand."

"With this new information, we can add tinker to her power classification. Though we're still unsure as to what level." Collin says.

"The guys in the lab have been going over the plants genotypes and phenotypes." Jamez continues.

"For those who only have a middle school understanding of biology?" Mathew pipes in.

"Right, sorry." Jamez apologizes. "We've been dissecting and studying the plants genes as compared to their physical traits. It seems as though all the plants are non, sorry, they're not hybrids. They're grafts. Like when you perform a limb transplant. The person is whole, but the limb will still show that it's not originally a part of the person. Like with Petunia Bironia, it's just a Petunia Sweetunia Black Satin made to produce luciferin." He lists off. "The only exception to this is the Helianthus Eclipsis. Or the Eclipse flowers, they're perfectly melded down to their genetic structure. A true hybrid."

"So, what does that mean?" Mathew asks.

"It means that until we get further confirmation, it is to be assumed she's a tinker four and that her abilities as a tinker are still growing." I say. "Miss Militia, when you get the chance, I'd like for you to speak with Vista. See if you can't learn anything."

She furrows her brow in a clear sign of discomfort. Likely not liking the idea of using the girl's relationship as a tool.

"I'll, see what I can do." She says tentatively.

"That's all I ask." I say with a small nod. "Now, onto the next matter of business. Triumphs graduation. How has that been coming along?"




-Meanwhile, Dallon House-




Missy "Vista" Biron POV


She's so perfect.

She's making me breakfast. Omelets, and they smell delicious.

I probably have the dopiest smile on my face as I watch her cook for me, and I don't care. Her soft ears, perked up and flicking about, her slender legs, leaning and swaying as she does a little dance in place on the step stool. Her adorable voice as she hums a tune I've never heard before. Her beautiful tail, raised and swaying, showing off her cute butt in those shorts as she wiggles to the unknown song.
I blush at the thought of what she might look like when we grow up. If she'll get curvier like Pinky. What it would feel like to-

"Mom, what do you want in yours?" She asks as she turns to the hall.

I snap my head to the same direction. Face burning as I realize I've probably just been caught staring, again.

Sure enough, Mrs. Dallon is glaring at me from the hall.

"Just some cheese, salt and pepper." She says as she stares me down.

"Kay!" Kitsu says as she turns back to the pan.

'I can't help it! It's right there! And her tail is right above it! It's not my fault she has such a cute and bouncy bottom! Guys stare all the time, I'm normal! And we're dating! I wouldn't mind if she stared at me like that.' I internally justify.

Mrs. Dallon walks over and takes a seat next to me. Forcing me to keep my eyes to the table as she keeps her eyes on me.

'Why is she so uppity about me staring?' I ponder. 'We're dating, and not only that we sleep together half the time.'

"Here you go Missy!" I hear as Kitsu places a plate in front of me.

"Thank you." I squeak out as I go to eat it.

I don't like eggs.




Vicky and Mr. Dallon are out on patrol, Mrs. Dallon is at work, and I'm laying on Kitsu's bed watching her and Amy messy with some plants. They're talking about this and that, a lot of it being just gibberish to me.

My knowledge of biology extends to Punnett squares and that's about it. Besides, I'm just enjoying Kitsu's voice.

"Maybe a break? You already figured out Hunter's organ. Why not take a break, then continue." Amy says.

I think that's the electric eel one. Not sure.

"But I wanna make more!" Kitsu stresses. "I want to figure out how to seamlessly integrate the alleles and make them true hybrids."

I have no clue.

Amy brings a hand to her chin and hums in thought a bit.

"Hey Missy." She says, turning to me.

"Huh?" I ask, surprised at hearing my name called.

"Come here."

I get up and stand in front of her.

"You're not about to turn on my fur follicles again are you?" Kitsu asks with a glare. "I will bite you."

"Course not." She answers with a roll of her eyes. "Grab Kitsu and cuddle her for me. I'm getting a nap." She says as she shoves me towards her.

'Don't need to tell me twice!'

I immediately grab the girl and start to drag her back to the bed.

"No! Why does everyone do this!?" She wails out as she squirms.

She's, lighter than I would've thought. I could probably lift her up if I tried.

"Come on, I want my little snuggle bug." I say, nuzzling my cheek to the top of her head.

"Snuggle bug?" Amy laughs.

"My, snuggle bug." I say as I try and lift her up.
I can almost pick her up.

"Stop!" Kitsu cries out.

"Never." I say and kiss her head.

"Missy, get your sunglasses so I can take a picture and post this. Her face is beet red." Amy smiles as she pulls out her phone.

"If I take a nap will you guys stop?" She whines.

"Nope." Amy says as she snaps a few pictures. "You had your chance."

"Nyoooo~" Kitsu whines.

"I'll just edit it later." Any says.

"Make sure to get her good side." I say teasingly and kiss her cheek.

"Why!" Kitsu whines in embarrassment.




-Ferry Station South, 12pm-




Victoria "Glory Girl" POV


"So this is going to be the new base?" I ask Dad and Crystal.

"Yep, well, eventually." He answers. "We're still looking at about a month of construction to get it livable and functional. After that there's refurbishing the ferry itself."

"I'm just curious as to whether we'll be able to room here." Crystal says. "I'm looking to move out and I'm wondering if I could stay here while I'm in college."

"That's not something I can comment on." Dad says. "You'd have to ask Sarah and Carol about that."

"Not Kitsu?" Crystal asks as she leans against the railing to the waterfront. "By all legal standings it's her ferry."

"Hers and Carols. She gains full ownership on her eighteenth birthday." Dad says.

"Which I think is total BS." I put out there.

"Which part?" Dad asks.

"The fact that she's a billionaire." I say. "She wasn't even a legal person when she destroyed Eagleton."

"How did she do that by the way?" Crystal asks.

"It's on her PHO account." I answer.

"Can't you just tell me?" She persists.

"She used a cloud of glass daggers and leveled the city one building at a time until all functional pieces of piping, machinery, and, well, everything. Was nothing but rubble." Dad answers.

"Glass daggers?" Crystal asks with a tilt of her head.

"It's what she calls the blue green shards of glass she conjures up." He says.

"Huh, neat." Crystal says.

"She names everything." I say with a roll of my eyes.
As I do that, I catch a startling sight at the corner of my vision. I could've sworn I saw a whip, or a tail disappear down an alleyway.

"Vicky, you good?" Dad asks.

"Yeah, I just, I think I saw something." I mumble.
"What'd you see?" He asks.

"I don't know. A tail? It went around the side of the building." I say, still not taking my eyes off of said building.

"A tail?" Crystal says. "Care to elaborate?"

"I don't know! It was a tail! Or a whip, or something." I try, and fail, to explain.

"Well, lets check it out." Dad says. "You two are the flyers, go overhead and see if you can't find anything. I'll circle around through the alley."

"Got it." Crystal says as she takes off with me following after.

We fly overhead with me keeping an eye on Dad as he slowly stalks down the alley.

"Hey, now that we got a moment. What was with the phone call Friday?" I ask.

"Hmm? Oh! I was just curious." She says. "There's a body." She says, suddenly turning serious and flying down.

I follow after and touch down with Crystal as we look to the bruised and bloodied unconscious man laying face down. He has an 18 tattoo just under his ear. Marking him as an empire goon, or at least a supporter.

I'm soon met with Dad as he finally comes around the corner.

"Alright, what've we got so far? Is he breathing?" He asks, gesturing to the man.

"I'm not touching him. I might catch hpv or, stupidity." I say.

"Some would argue you already have that last one." Crystal says as she goes to press her fingers against his neck.

"Rude." I say.

"Focus." Dad says with a frown.

"We are." I defend.

"Not dead." Crystal says.

"Alright, we need to find what happened here. Vicky, can you make the call?" Dad asks.

"Why do I have to call the PRT?" I ask.

"Do you know how to track and or take notes on an investigation?" He asks.

I don't, but he doesn't have to be a dick about it.
I wordlessly pull out my phone and call the PRT hotline as I glide a bit away. Kinda dumb that they don't have a hotline for actual capes. Y'know, so we don't have to go through the whole spiel at the beginning and end.

I would just call Dean. But he's off today.

"Okay, an emergency vehicle will be sent to your location." The lady says. "Would you be okay with staying on the line until they arrive?"

"Nope." I say and hang up.

What? It'll just eat up my battery and besides, there's no real point.

"Well, what's the deal with him?" I ask as I glide back over.

"Claw marks and severe bruising on his back." Dad says. "It looks like Hellhounds work."

"So where is she?" I ask.

"If we knew that we wouldn't be here." Crystal says. "I'm about to circle around and get an aerial view."

"Alright, have fun." I say.

She takes off and starts circling around the area while me and Dad are left with the mook.

"So, how was your weekend so far?" Dad asks.

"Sh-Crappy. You see, I've been grounded until the middle of summer." I answer.

"Hasn't stopped you from sneaking out to meet Dean." He says.

I freeze at that.

"How, did you know about that?" I ask as I slowly turn to him.

"I didn't." He says with a smirk.

'Oh! That's! I! Fuck!' I internally rage.

"Did Kitsu rat on me?" I ask. "I swear she's just-"

"She didn't." He interrupts.

"Dad, you don't have to protect her." I say as I cross my arms. "She's more than capable of defending herself."

"Trust me, I'm aware." He chuckles. "And that's not what I'm doing. Vicky, she only tattles on you when you sneak Dean in."

That, makes me pause a bit.

"Wait, really?" I ask after a bit. "Why?"

"In her words, super hearing is good until you start hearing things that keep you up." He says with a smirk.

'Oh god!' I think with growing horror. 'So she heard, every time?! Even when we were quiet?!'

"Don't worry, I won't tell your mother." Dad says.

"Oh thank god!" I say, releasing a breath I didn't know I was holding in.

"Hey, for what it's worth-"

"Help!" Dad gets cut off by Crystal's scream.

"Carry me!" Dad says as I immediately fly towards her cry.

I grab Dad under the shoulders and fly up towards the roof of one of the buildings.

We make our way up and I drop him down on the roof as we're met face to face with three monstrous rat dog mutants. One of which has the leather jacketed and rubber masked Hellhound.

Crystal is circling above. Blasting the dogs intermittently as she pauses and ducks out the way of random items being thrown.

Hellhound is riding one of the dogs and wielding a lead pipe as she whistles out orders.

I rush forward, intent on knocking her off. Only to get whacked by a tail hard enough to break my shield and send me careening to the side.

The smaller of the beasts is on me in an instant. And I scramble to shoot up and let my shield recharge. I manage dodge the swipe of the things claws and I feel my shield come back. I fly forward, the things tail whips forward and this time I let it hit as I roll with it. Bringing my arm up and twirling it to wrap the thing around my wrist.

I fly up with the thing and hold it there. Ignoring its high pitched whines and squeals as I start spinning. In a few seconds I throw it down the alleyway. Watching in satisfaction as it crashes through several escape stairs. Whining and barking the whole way down before landing hard enough to cause an indent in the concrete below.

"ANGELICA!" Hellhound screeches before turning to me.

She snarls at me, like, actually snarls. Her eyes absolutely manic.

"JUDAS, BRUTUS, KILL!" She shouts as both beast charge.

I scoff at her command. I'm like, fifty feet up. What is she going to do? Give her dogs the power to fly?

I immediately duck out of the way of a leaping beast as its jaws snap where my head was. And I take a pipe to the head as I duck down.

It's just not enough to break my field, but it's still jarring and disorientating nonetheless as I get grabbed by the second dog.

"Fucking, Bitch!" I shout as I fly up, the dog holding on to me as we fly up.

She's still whaling on me with the pipe. Screaming and just overall being the psycho she is.

I fly up and throw the dog down with the same amount of force as the other beast and watch as they hit the side of the building. Breaking off pieces of rubble before slamming into the ground. Hellhound having landed on the beast she was on.

The final creature jumps back up and goes to bite me before getting blasted by a red laser. Sending it flying to the roof of the other building. Where it steadily sheds its muscle to reveal a Rottweiler underneath as it runs to the edge of the roof and just barks at me.

"Wait, they're real dogs?" I ask out loud.

"Looks like it. Thank uncle Mark, he knocked one to the side when the other charged you." Crystal says.

"I would've been fine." I say dismissively.

"Vicky, I know how your field works. Had he not knocked the other one away you'd be dead in the jaws of that one." She says, pointing to the Rottweiler.

"I would've figured something out." I say defensively.

Crystal just stares at me for little while longer before shaking her head and flying down to check on Hellhound.

Just in time for a PRT squad car to roll up on the other side of the building.

"Why can't they ever be on time?" I ponder out loud.




-Dallon House, 2pm-




Kitsu POV


Cuddle time is best time.

I know of at least one person who agrees.

We're back to cuddling against each other, face to face on our sides. With me clinging to Missy while she holds me. It's the only kind of cuddling we can really do other than a half spoon. Spooning isn't really an option. I'm smaller than her so me being the big spoon feels awkward. And I can't be the little spoon unless I stick my tail in between her legs, which, no, we're not that close. With how sensitive the base of my tail is, that's basically third base for me.

My entire tail is sensitive, but only the base is sensitive like that.

"Mnnn. This is nice." I decide to say, bored of the silence.

"Yeah, nothing beats cuddling my little snuggle bug." She says and rubs her nose into my hair. "And you're so warm!"

'Again with that name?' I groan internally. 'I mean, I don't not like it. But, aaaargh!'

I shut off the line of dialogue in my head in favor of focusing on the present.

"I'm bored though." I say. "Let's go watch TV."

"Are we allowed to? Amy's still taking a nap." She says.

"I don't see why not." I say and lean up. "Besides. If we do get in trouble, I'll just say it was my idea."

"Alright then." She shrugs.

"Great." I say and hop off the bed.

"Hey um, Kitsu?" Missy says softly.

"Hmm?" I hum as I turn around.

"Remember when Snowflame attacked?" She asks with a small blush as she sits up.

"Yeah, he ruined our coffee date." I say bitterly.

She looks down and fidgets with her hands. Blush intensifying before speaking up again.

"Well, when you carried me. I was wondering, maybe, if you wouldn't mind?" She asks quietly.

I gain a devious smirk as I stalk up to the bed, putting my hands on the covers as I lean up and look to the blushing girl.

"Do you want to be carried by your strong girlfriend~?" I say with a teasing smile.

"Maybe?" She squeaks out as she bunches the neck of her hoodie up to hide her blush.

"Well then, come here." I say and open my arms out.

"Wait really?!" She asks quickly as she perks up.

I nod my head with a smile.

She crawls over and I activate my strength to effortlessly hold her in a princess carry.

"How's this, does this make my emerald beauty happy?" I ask with a smirk.

She just stares at me for a bit, her blush receding as she cocks an eyebrow up.

"Emerald beauty?" She asks with a giggle.

"I'll come up with something." I say with a shrug and carry her to the living room.

Halfway there I lean down and give her an eskimo kiss. Rubbing my nose to hers.

"Stop!" She giggles. "That tickles!"

"Nyo!" I say as I kiss her cheek. "Your giggles are too cute!"

She blushes and grabs her hood to hide her face from view as she squeals.

She's so adorable like this.

I reach the couch and lay her down to sit. I rush over and grab the remote before rushing back and plopping down next to her. Grabbing a throw pillow for my back.

I start flicking through channels before I feel a tap on my shoulder. Looking back over, I see Missy blushing. She gives a shy smile and pats her legs.
I roll my eyes and sit sideways in her lap. She brings her arms up and tries her best to squeeze the life out of me.

"Mrrrrmmmn." She groans out.

I continue to channel surf while being used as the worlds largest stress ball.

Oo! Adventure Time!

"Adventure Time! Come on grab your friends."

"Isn't this a little childish?" Missy asks.

"So?" I say, my attention on the TV. "I'm a child, I like childish things."

"Don't you want people to take you more seriously?" She asks.

"Eh, I don't really care how others see me. Especially people I don't care about." I say with a shrug. "Besides, I've been an adult for the last five years, I'm enjoying what little of my childhood I have left."

"What is that supposed to mean?" She asks.

"Missy." I say as I look to her. "You might be mature for our age. But once you've been on your own, where you need to worry about everything, from finding a place to sleep every night, to if you can trust the person giving you food to not have slipped sedatives in so they can knock you out and sell you at an underground auction. You learn that being childish is a luxury."

There's a noticeable pause as we blankly stare at each other.

"That food thing sounded oddly specific." She says with a worried look.

"Maybe." I say with a coy smile and a shrug. "Now, I'm hungry, want Chinese? I know a guy who'll get us some for free."




-The Rig, 4pm-




Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV


"Sorry, honey." I say as I explain what happened.

"It's fine, I'll just take the bus or have Kitsu come pick me up." Carol sighs on the other end of the line.

"Love you." I say.

"Love you too. Bye."

*Click*

And now, to go through the wonderful task of writing up a report of events for the PRT.

"Why do I have to be here?" Vicky asks.

"One, grounded, two, you need to know how to make reports in the future if you intend on continuing to be a hero." I tell her as we sit down at the desk provided for us.

"I've never had to write a report before, I thought that was just a PRT thing." She says as she opts to float, rather than sit.

"That's because you're a minor." I say as I start writing the details of the encounter.

"Then what about when the Wards have to write up reports?" She asks.

"The Wards are a part of the PRT. They write reports as part of their training for becoming official PRT capes." I say. "Now pay attention. If you mix up the forms or sign the wrong thing you can be stuck here for hours."

"Ugh!"




-Dallon House, 6pm-




Missy "Vista" Biron POV


We're snuggling again. Kitsu is, and I quote. 'Getting as much cuddles out of me as she can before I leave again.'

"Missy! Your mother's here to pick you up!" I hear Mrs. Dallon shout across the house.

I'm currently cuddling with Kitsu. She made it very clear yesterday that she's on top. I kinda want to test that. If for no other reason than to get her to wrestle me again.

It was easily one of the best moments of my life. I don't know what it was, her assertiveness, or the fact that she pinned me to the couch. But it was amazing!

"Come on, I gotta go." I tell the cute girl currently holding me down.

"Mmm, no." She says as she scoots up.

"Kitsu, I gotta go home." I say.

"Mno you don't." She says as she presses the bridge of her nose to my neck. "You stay here."

"Kitsu!" I whine, she's not making this easy. "I gotta go!"

"No you don't!" She whines as she holds me tighter.

"Missy! She's honking for you!"

"Kitsu please!" I giggle at the ticklish feeling of her ears flicking against my neck.

"I don' wanna!" She whines before sitting up on my stomach. "Mm! Fine! Leave me!" She says and hops to sit on the side of the bed, crossing her arms and pouting.

I crawl up and hug her from behind. Rest my chin on her shoulder and secretly enjoying the fluff and warmth of her tail as it presses against me.

"I don't want to go either." I say as I nuzzle our cheeks together. "But look on the bright side! I go back to patrols on Saturday! And we can go out and spend time together."

"A date." She mumbles.

My heart skips a little beat as I hear that.

"Hm?" I sound out.

"I want a date!" She huffs out cutely. "A real one. With flowers, and I want you to ask me out."

'Oh god!' I think as my heart pounds and my face flushes.

"Well then." I say as I squeeze her tight. "Kitsu, I want to take you to the movies this Saturday. Say yes?" I ask and kiss her cheek.

I panicked and said the first thing that came to mind.

"Yes!" She squeals and turns around to push me back down and does her best to nuzzle the skin off my cheek. Her tail wagging hard enough to shake us both. "Yes yes yes yes!" She squeals while laughing.

"You girls done?" I hear from the door.

I crane my neck to see Mrs. Dallon leaning in the doorway. My face immediately burns in embarrassment.

"H-how long where you there?" I ask as my voice cracks, again.

What is with my voice lately?

"I heard, everything, and I saw enough." She says with a smirk. "Kitsu, let the poor girl go. Before her mother decides to leave without her."

"I'm more than okay with that!" She says, still giggly.

"Kitsu, now." Mrs. Dallon says sternly.

"Fine." She says, her ears and tail drooping a little as she gets off of me.

I get up and straighten out my dress, putting my sunglasses on and throwing my hood up. I'm heading out of Kitsu's room with her, and eventually Mrs. Dallon following me out.

As I reach the door and head out. Kitsu glomps onto my side and kisses my cheek.

"Call me!" She says before running back inside and closing the door. Leaving me to blush on the sidewalk as I regain my composure.

*Honk*

And of course, my mother ruins the moment. I calm myself down, this time from the growing irritation bubbling up. And walk towards the car, taking my spot in the passenger seat.

"What took you so long?" Mom says as she backs out of the driveway.

"Mm. Had to get my stuff." I mumble as I buckle myself.

"Hm. Well did you have fun?" She asks.

"I did." I say simply as she drives.

"How far have you gotten?" She asks after bit of silence.

"Huh?" I ask in confusion.

"First base, second base, third." She goes on.

"What?" I ask, more confused now than I was before.

"Sexually, where are you?" She says with a roll of her eyes. "Are you being safe about it?"

"I'm twelve! I'm, I don't, why would you ask me that!?" I shout, just now realizing what she's talking about.

"And I'm twenty eight. Do the math."

'Wait, that means. Oh god I'm a teen pregnancy baby.' I realize.

"We're not like that!" I screech out in embarrassment.

"Clearly. Just remember to use a condom when it comes time." Mom says in a bored tone. "Or at least take a pill."

"We're both girls! And again! We're twelve!" I say desperately.

"That's when I had my first time." Mom says nonchalantly. "Besides, she's a Case 53. I don't know what weird body parts she has."

"I don't want to hear this!" I say and cover my ears.

"When did I raise such a prude?" Mom asks herself with a shake of her head.

'You didn't.' I think bitterly. 'To raise a prude implies you did any raising in the first place.'




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


I stare with amusement at the blushing girl at the coffee table. Sitting in a w position and holding her head in her hands with her eyes closed and a goofy smile on her face.

"You know I'm going to have Mark chaperone, right?" I say to her.

"That's fine~" She says dreamily.

"Just making sure."
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus
.
.
Everyone's relationships in regards to Kitsu


Battery. Has a slight sense of guilt towards her over what happened in Boston. Has started to wonder what could've been.


Assault. Has a bleeding heart for children and that includes Kitsu. Genuinely considered changing his outfits color scheme, and had Kitsu joined the Boston Wards, he would have. Kitsu fears his power as she has few non-lethal ways of combating him outside of trickery.


Dragon. She has a slight urge to protect Kitsu seeing as she named her. She feels guilty and partially responsible for her poor first impression with the PRT. To Kitsu, she knows who Dragon is and that's about it.


Armsmaster. Kitsu is his first black mark. His first true failure. He has a deep seeded sense of rivalry with her that is not mutual. He truly believes her to be as unstable as Watchdog thinks she is and that she is one bad day from turning into the next S-class threat. As such he disapproves of Kitsu and Vista's relationship. Kitsu sees him as a glory hound and an asshole who's upset that he passed his prime. And therefore enjoys antagonizing him.


Miss Militia. Is genuinely happy that Kitsu seems to be improving and outgrowing her past behavior, and is fully supportive of Kitsu and Vista's relationship. Kitsu has no strong feelings towards her but respects her conduct and understanding nature.


Daredevil. He sees Kitsu as someone who was dealt a poor hand and had to make due. He believes that she has great potential for good, as he does with most. Kitsu sees him as an ally of sorts and someone who can relate to her sensory issues.


Static Shock. He knows Kitsu, that's about it. He has no strong feelings towards her either way outside of viewing her as a powerful ally. Kitsu thinks he's cool and wants his autograph.


Shadow Stalker. Harbors intense hatred and fear for her in equal measure. Kitsu's entire way of operating is a direct spit in the face to her world views. As such she is controversially antagonistic and fearful towards her. Kitsu views her as someone who deserves every bad thing that could ever happen to her, and if she is the one to do it, all the better.


Clockblocker. They have a tense relationship. With him both fearing her power and unpredictable nature and pitying her situation as a Case 53 and former homeless orphan. He partially blames her for how their "date" went, but also recognizes it as a series of unfortunate events. He mostly blames his mom and Vicky for coercing him. Kitsu can't stand to be near him out of regret, guilt, and humiliation. She really is attracted to him, superficially at least, and wishes their date could've gone better.


Gallant. Has no strong feelings towards her. She has no strong feelings towards him. Outside of being annoyed with how often Vicky sneaks him in and keeps her up at night with the noise.


Aegis. He views her as a hyperactive child, and treats her as such. She has no strong feelings towards him and just wants to see the redundancies his body produces.


Kid Win. Is truly grateful to Kitsu for revealing his specialty. And doesn't mind that she put a price tag on it seeing as all she asked for is essentially a disability support device. Kitsu greatly wants to see what he'll come up with. And genuinely feels bad for him, being a tinker with dyscalculia. She tries to help where she can.


Vista. Is absolutely enamored with Kitsu. She finds genuine joy in being around Kitsu and loves when Kitsu's attention is on her. She is in fact starved for affection and lacked a meaningful emotional connection in her life. Something Kitsu provides her openly. She is very attracted to Kitsu, both emotionally and physically. Kitsu is not as attracted to Missy as Missy is to Kitsu, but still genuinely enjoys their time together and wants their relationship to work.


Brandish. Initially hated the girl. Her unwillingness to listen and her overall unpredictable nature setting Carol off. However, after learning the trick to controlling her, she has begrudgingly accepted the girl into her family and life. She truly does view her as a daughter, but is still coming to terms with the fact. She finds Kitsu easy to trust due to her simple, straightforward nature and her animal features making it impossible for her to hide her mood. Kitsu meanwhile openly views her as a mother and desperately tries to gain her approval.


Flashbang. Views Kitsu as a surrogate daughter and openly embraces the role of her father. Kitsu quickly bonded with him after he showed her genuine kindness and she goes far out of her way to make sure he is happy. Reminding him to take his meds, helping with chores, playing games, accompanying him on errands, ect.


Glory Girl. They have a rocky relationship at best, it is not that they hate each other or even wish each other unwell. The truth is that they are simply too similar in the worst ways, causing them to butt heads and not see eye to eye. She has feelings of guilt and regret over how she first treated her, conflicted with a general dislike of the girl. Vicky doesn't wish any harm or ill-will towards Kitsu, and that feeling is mutual. They simply don't get along.


Panacea. Originally off to a bad start, Kitsu's persistent pestering and attempts at friendship (as well as a little secret mastering) have caused Amy to, begrudgingly, accept the girl. While she'll never admit it freely, she enjoys Kitsu's company and especially enjoys, even looking forward to, their plant time. Kitsu finds Amy to be a tragic character to her core, and sees it as a personal mission to prevent the rise of the Red Queen. Through any means necessary.


Manpower. Views Kitsu in the same light as he views Amy. An addition to the family and team. Kitsu secretly hates him for his infidelity with Carol years ago. And she dreads that secret ever coming to light and tearing apart the family she's found.


Lady Photon. Sarah sees Kitsu as amazing PR material. Kitsu has no strong feelings towards her outside of a protective urge to preserve the family she's found.


Laserdream. They get along well enough, though they have had little interaction outside of introductions.


Shielder. Like his sister Crystal, Kitsu enjoys taunting and messing with him. Eric has no strong feelings towards Kitsu.


Ben. Idolizes and looks up to Kitsu. Kitsu is eager to see his potential realized.


Gully. Believes Kitsu to be a kind hearted, if impulsive, girl. Kitsu is eager to work with her.


Firebreather. They get along well enough and can hold decent conversations. But outside of that they have little in common outside of societal difficulties brought on by their Case 53 status.


Pinky. Pinky likes Kitsu and thinks she's sweet. Kitsu finds Pinky very attractive but has no intention of ever acting on said attraction.


Nightcrawler and Newter. They have an amicable relationship towards her. Seeing her as a fellow Case 53 who helped them out once.


Lung. They have a non-aggression alliance.


Wade. He views Kitsu as one of his only friends. And will go to great lengths to protect her, often without her knowledge. Kitsu views him as a talented individual and a reliable friend. They talk occasionally over the phone.


Nilbog. He views her as a powerful and agreeable individual. And has offered her amnesty and asylum in his kingdom any time she needs it. Kitsu thinks he's a sweet guy warped by his power and trigger.




Bonus nsfw
You've been warned.
.
.
Crystal's top ten fantasies.
.
Number one. Doing it mid air.
Joining the mile high club the way only a cape can.

Number two. Roleplay being taken by a villain.
"Do your worst! You'll never break me!"

Number three. Roleplay the scene in her comics where the warrior princess "interrogates" the orc prisoner.
"I have ways of making even the, biggest, strongest, and most hardened, of your kind talk."

Number four. Marathon.
She must hate walking.

Number five. Being choked. Not with hands.
Nuff said.

Number six. Making a phone call while in the act.
"Yeah, no, I-ah!~ I'm fine!"

Number seven. Sneaky public activities.
I couldn't think of anything for this one.

Number eight. Roleplay being the villain taking a hero.
"After all you've put me through? I'm going to, thoroughly, enjoy this, and I'm going to take my time."

Number nine. Roleplay the cleric getting captured by bandits.
"Please mister! I'm just a poor holy woman!"

Number ten. Waking up to being fucked.
Nothing like having a good dream and waking up to a better one.




Missy's top ten fantasies
Less degenerate.
.
Number one. Petting Kitsu's tail.
It's just so fluffy and warm!

Number two. Making out.
What would Kitsu's teeth feel like?

Number three. Feeding each other.
Say ahh~

Number four. Going on a double date with Vicky and Dean.
Sorry Dean, you had your chance. But she has my heart now.

Number five. Getting to squeeze Kitsu's butt.
'It's just so cute! And jiggly!'

Number six. Seeing Kitsu in a swimsuit.
Does this bikini make my butt look big?
…
Missy?

That's it, she has no others.




Kitsu's top ten fantasies
Not as, out there, as Crystal


Number one. A candle lit dinner under the full moon.
Nothing more romantic.

Number two. Spend a whole day snuggling.
The cuddles are over 9,000!

Number three. Being pinned to a wall.
I'll show you, I can be on top.

Number four. Being sung to.
Every moment I speeeend with you~ is a moment I treeaassurrre!

Number five. Picnic date.
Such a lovely day.

Number six. Being fed.
Say aah~

Number seven. Seven minutes in heaven.
A highschool classic.

Number eight. Getting/Giving a massage.
I'll just rub this oil all over your back and legs.
Why do you have to be shirtless?
Reasons

That's it, there's no more.
.
.
Bonus 3!




Jaime "Battery" POV


"Come on." I say as I hold the stick.

I'm sat on the toilet waiting for the results. My period's three days late. And me and Ethan got frisky a week or two ago when I decided to try one of his brownies with him. I wanted to see what a proper high was like. One thing lead to another and well.

Oh god was the sex amazing!

In a few more seconds and I get the confirmation.

Two lines.

"Fuck."
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N
18 refers to the 1st and 8th letters of the alphabet respectively. A and H, Adolf Hitler's initials. It's something explicitly stated in the novel and is something I didn't know was a thing.

I guess racists just want people to know they can count and read I guess.
.
Rachel got arrested, who knows how this will effect the story?

Also the reason Rachel was on the roof is because her dogs would've noticed people nearby and she'd notice it was three capes. She went through the roof to try and avoid them after not finding a dog ring.
.
The scene where Kitsu wouldn't let Missy leave is something I had in my head for a while now. Finally glad to have it out there.
.
QUESTIONS!
.
FOR NEWB
.
FOR KITSU
.
FOR [CONDUIT]
.
As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas moving forward. I especially love it when you guys speculate or make guesses as I do use them. And even when I don't they still give me ideas.




Find in newb's-grotto at the discord!

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt, monkwindu and 220 others
Newb to the game
May 2, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 32 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
May 5, 2024
Add bookmark
#284
A/N A Stark contrast to reality
Alt title:
.
.
.
.
-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-Tuesday, April 27th, Arcadia High-
-Biology Class-




Kitsu POV


Mrs. Kindley stopped me before leaving again.

"What's up?" I ask jovially. "Need something?"

She rests her head in her hands, chin on the back of her knuckles, and smiles sweetly.

"Actually, I want to give you something." She says lightly. "I received a neat package yesterday that I think you'll enjoy. Also, I saw that your plants got approved by the PRT. I'm interested in Helianthus Eclipsis especially." She says as she leans back and sits up.

"What packages?" I ask. "And I can't really give you access to the Eclipse Flowers, they're delegated as being meant to be handled by certified professionals only."

Unfortunate. But they are electric generators with little to no safety installments.

She goes over to the side of the room and unlocks a beige metal cabinet.

"A shame then. I'll just have to wait for more papers to be published then." She says as she opens the cabinet. She grabs two plastic containers with green lids.

"Remember a bit ago? When we talked about my Coleopterist friend?" She says as she walks over to place the containers on the desk.

I forgot. But the reminder, as well as the two containers, get me excited.

"Are those Bombardier Beetles?!" I ask excitedly as I put my hands on the desk and lean down to look at the little buggers.

She laughs a little at my enthusiasm.

"Only one of them is. This one is an American Bombardier beetle." She says pointing to the orange beetle with a black back. "And this one is the Ironclad beetle." She says, pointing to the bumpy black beetle.

The little bumpy one is so cute!

"Can I keep them?!" I ask excitedly.

"Of course." She says. "Now hurry along. I'm sure you have things you want to do and I have papers to grade."

I carefully take the plastic containers and make my way out. Not wanting to hold her up, and more than a little eager to play with, I mean study, my new bugs.

"Thank you!" I shout back as I leave.




-Dallon House, 12:30




Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV


This is, new.

"Who's a cute little indestructible bug?" Kitsu coos at the beetle crawling across the coffee table. "You are! Yes you are!"

She starts rubbing its back with her finger. As though she were petting it.

"Soooo." I draw out. "What's this?"

"His name is Kratos." She says defensively. "He's my little friend!"

I have, several, questions now.

"Okay, why is a bug your friend? And why Kratos?" I ask.

She picks it up and places it in the open palms of her hands, then brings it up to nuzzle it before setting it down in the little plastic container.

"Firstly, because I can and because he's cute!" She says with a pout. "Secondly, his name is Kratos because nothing can break him." She says with wide, serious eyes.

"Okay? And what about the other one?" I ask, pointing to the other container.

"Oh, that one? His name's Bakugo. Because he's a mean little terrorist." She says with a glare towards the bug. "He blasted me when I tried to pick him up!"

"Blasted?" I ask in slight concern.

"He's a Bombardier beetle." She says looking back to me. "He tried to blast me. But the little piece of crap doesn't know that heat doesn't hurt me." She says smugly.

"Then why are you upset at him?" I ask.

"It's still rude!" She says with a pout.

"Right." I say. "Where do you keep finding these things?" I ask with genuine curiosity.

"Well, these two were given to me by my biology teacher Mrs. Kindley." She says. "All the other bugs in the container in my room are ones I found and experimented on."

I don't go in her room. So I didn't know there were bugs in there.

"As long as your being safe about it." I concede.

"I am. I'm going to my room, tell PanPan I'll be in their studying these guys."




-Downtown Suburbs, 1pm-




Ethan "Assault" POV


I march up the three steps of our house. Jaime had called me while I was at work and told me to come home early. She called off saying she had a few things that needed attention.

I didn't say anything to that. Seeing as it's what she says when her time of the month cramps get too bad, so I didn't press the issue. As a precautionary measure I did stop by the store and buy a box of chocolates though. Tea too.

"Jaime? You good?" I say cautiously as I walk in the house. "I bought chocolate."

"In the living room!" I hear her say from across the house.

I start my trek through the main hall to said living room. It's honestly rather bland and sparsely decorated. Only a few pictures hung up here and there. But that's fine, we don't usually have guests and rarely spend much time here. We're both practically married to our job so this house really just serves as a break room of sorts.

"Hey sweetie." I say tentatively, not wanting to step on the possible landmine. "I got chocolate! Dark! And ginger tea!" I say excitedly and shake the bag.

"Um, thanks but um." She says as I notice her appearance. "I think you should sit down."

Normally she'd be laying down on the couch in her pj's under a blanket with the fan on. Hair messily strewn about as she flips through channels. Instead she's fully dressed and sitting up. Hair in a side swept ponytail. Hands together in her lap as she twiddles her thumbs with a worried look.

"Um, kay?" I say slowly as I set the bag down.
I sit down next to her and contemplate what this could be about.

"Are you okay?" I ask.

"I'm fine, but. Well, how do you feel about kids?" She asks suddenly.

"Love'em." I say with a shrug. "You know that."

She bites her lip with what looks like anticipation. Her worried look not leaving.

"Well, I, how would you feel about looking after one? Like, long term?" She asks.

"What, like babysitting?" I ask. "Wouldn't mind, I babysat my little brother all the time."

I kind of had to. Dad ducked out on us and left mom on her own. When mom was out working her second job on the night shift, after working her first during the day. I was the only one there for little Nate.

"Something like that." She says. "What if, we, had a kid?"

"I'd love nothing more!" I say with a smile. "I could teach them all my tricks, and how I managed to score such a hot wife." I say grandly as I wrap an arm around her shoulder and give a little eyebrow wiggle.

"Oh? By strong arming them into spending damn near every waking moment with you, and then never leaving them alone until they decide to give you a date out of sheer pity?" She says with false hostility.

At least, I hope it's false.

"Worked for me didn't it?" I say with a smirk as I lean back.

"You're lucky I love you." She says with a small smile.

"Luck ain't got nothing to do with it Puppy." I say as I reach for the remote.

We're silent for a bit as I surf through channels. Content to just spend the day with her doing nothing.

"Ethan, I'm pregnant." She says out of nowhere.

I zone out as my brain goes into the nothing box and I drop the remote.

…

…

…

"Come again?" I say, and my voice definitely didn't crack.

"I'm pregnant. I found out just yesterday." She says with a worried smile. "Surprise!"

"You're serious?" I ask.

"Yeah?"

"B-but when? How!?" I ask as my mind races. "We always used protection and nev-ooooh." I say as I remember a few weeks ago.

Heh, that was the best sex ever. And I learned that she gets very frisky when she's high.

"Yeah." She says with a small laugh as she brushes some hair from her face. "So, uh, we can't really uh, do that again like we planned. Not sure if the brownies will be bad for the baby."

'I'm gonna be a dad.' I think to myself.

"I'm gonna be a dad." I think out loud.

"Yep!" She says excitedly.

I grab her and stand up, holding her up as she laughs and locks her legs around my waist.

"Oh I can't wait!" I laugh out.

"I'm so glad your happy!" She says as she starts crying. "I was so worried you'd be upset or ask me to-"

I cut her off with a kiss.

"Never!" I say and hold her close. "Puppy I love you so much. A child? Yours and mine?" My words are failing me, for once I'm being left speechless.

So I pull back and give her a deep kiss to get my point across. We're locked like that for a bit before we separate for air. Both of us giving nervous chuckles.

"I love you too honey." She says with a smile as tears stream down her face.

"And I love you!" I say and heft her up to address our unborn child.

"Ethan, they're not even more than a few cells." She laughs.

"Don't let her talk to you like that~" I coo towards her tummy. "I love you no matter how developed you are."

I plant a kiss on her tummy for good measure.

"Stop!" She giggles. "You know I'm ticklish!"

"We need to call your dad!" I say with sudden realization as I hoist her back down in front of me. "And my brother! And we'll need to set up an appointment with the doctor and get ultrasounds! We'll need to find a room for the baby and-!"

"Ethan!" Jaime yells. "Calm down. We have time, we can set up an appointment later." She says as she starts running her fingers through my hair. "The ultrasounds can come later, and we literally have three unused rooms in the house."

She plants a small kiss on my lips.

"Yeah, you're right." I say as I sit down. "What about calling your dad?"

"We can do that later." She says as she pushes me to the side and down onto the couch. "For now, let's just enjoy a lazy day."

I hold her as she turns herself around and nestles her head under my chin.

"Sure thing Puppy." I say and hold her as I dream of our new family.




-Law Firm, 3pm-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


Filing the papers away, I look through the rest of my papers and references. I'm currently working on a high profile case, high paying too. A long time employee of a mall retail chain has had a total of seventeen sexual assault complaints, seven assault complaints, and twelve ethics complaints. All swept under the rug because she has a severance package and firing her would cost the business too much. So each instance was, internally investigated. She fucked up because her most recent complaint file, a sexual assault on a man forty years her junior and married. Is the police chiefs nephew.

So yeah, she's definitely getting fired and charged for all the sexual assaults. And the business is being charged for all the complaints they covered up.

Not my usual type of case, but it's high paying and the last high paying case I had was a few months ago. So this is welcome.

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

"Mrs. Dallon! You have a visitor!" On of the office intern sounds out.

"Hm?" I hum questioningly as I look up from the files.
I'm not expecting anyone, and my meeting with Tyree is tomorrow.

"Who is it?" I ask.

"Um, you wouldn't believe me if I said." The intern says as she opens the door. "You should really just come to the front end."

Now I'm suspicious.

"I'm busy." I say as I go back to my files. "Tell them that if it's important they can come in here or make an appointment."

"Um, okay." She says nervously.

I call on my energy, ready to make a spear. It wouldn't be the first time someone tried to target me at work. Well, it'd be the second. But still.

I keep my ear out and my phone to the side ready to speed dial Mark. And oddly enough, I hear a lot of photography flashes. And a cacophony of people.
As a man in a black suit opens the door I watch in shock as Anthony Stark walks in. Multibillion dollar CEO of Stark Industries. The number one supplier to the military, police, and PRT.

"Hey there, Brandish? Or Carol? Which do you prefer?" He says as he takes a seat in front of me, clasping his hands together and crossing his legs.

"Mrs. Dallon will do." I say tentatively as I get over my shock.

"Formal then, I can work with that. Not my preference but to each their own." He says as he takes off his sunglasses and puts them away. "So, I'll get right to the point. New Wave, I'm here with a proposition."

'Jesus Christ.' I think in exasperation. 'When will it end?'

"Alright, lets hear it." I say cautiously.

"Perfect." He says with a confident smile. "I'd like to spearhead New Wave's expansion into New York. With me at the head in New York City."

'What?' I think in astonishment.

"I'm sorry Mr. Stark." I say as I reel in my surprise and refer back to my professional persona. "But I'm going to need you to elaborate on that."

"Not much to elaborate, I'm interested in seeing New Wave expand. And I want to be apart of it." He says. "Do you happen to recall my kidnapping a bit ago?"

'How could I not?' I think sarcastically. It was all over the news that Anthony Stark had died in a weapons test gone wrong. When out of nowhere he showed up in a New York airport, bruised, malnourished, and with a hell of a story to tell.

"I do recall hearing of such. May I ask what this has to do with expanding New Wave into New York?" I ask.

"Really hammering in on the professional act huh?" He snides. "Well, you could say I had a bit of a revelation while stuck in that cave. And I learned how to forge my own escape."

"Please Mr. Stark, speak frankly." I say. "I have work to get back to and don't have time to piece together double speak."

He loses his confident smile in favor of a bored look.

"Alright, I tried to play along." He says under his breath. "The group that kidnapped me had it in their heads that the CEO of a military provider company would know how to make said military equipment. So, they locked me in a cave and forced me to make weapons. Never realizing that I don't know how to make weapons. I won't go into details but one thing led to another and I triggered. And I gave them a live demonstration of the weapons they wanted. I then made my way back to civilization where I bartered and begged for enough money to get home." He says with a frown. "Didn't take long, the biggest hang-up was the language barrier. After that, you know the rest."

"So, you're a cape?" I say more than ask.

"Parahuman, super human, not a cape yet. But yes, I'm a Tinker. Don't know my specialty, but I assume it revolves around armored combat suits given my trigger event." He confirms.

"So then why not go to the PR-"

"I'mma stop you right there legally blonde. The PRT are so full of games you could turn them into an amusement park and I want no part of that." He snarks. "They're not interested in the good of the people, they're interested in keeping as many parahumans alive as possible."

I know that. Most who take time to look into how the PRT operate know that. But to say that out loud is not something you do casually.

"And you are?" I ask with suspicion.

"I'm not interested in being a puppet or a toy. If I wanted to be jerked around by people who think they're better than me I'd have become a sales associate at Target." He responds. "Plus I find the process of having and maintaining a secret identity to be both tiring and not worth the time. So here I am, in a high end law firm talking to a lawyer for non law related reasons."

"Why come to me? Why not go to Sarah?" I ask with a glare as I start to lose my patience dealing with the man.

"I'm not an idiot. I know she's just the face, you're the brains." He says in a condescending tone.
"I'm sorry, but I hope you understand that I can't just take you at your word."

"Uh!" He gasps with a fake look of offence and a hand to his chest. "You're telling me that a man you don't personally know walks into your work and makes wild claims of grandeur and you don't just believe him! I could never."

'He and Kitsu must never meet.' I think with agitation.

"Don't worry, I didn't think you would. So, I've prepared a little demonstration a week from now. The Stark concert fundraiser event down at the boardwalk. Unbeknownst to everyone who'll be attending, I'll be making my cape debut. And I'll be announcing my support of New Wave." He says simply.

"Then why come here and talk to me if you planned on doing this anyway?" I ask, dropping my professional veneer.

"Because, I believe in cooperation." He says smugly. "That and you can't stop me so a heads up is the least I could do. I would like New Wave to be present as security. I've already denied the PRT's offer of a cape escort."

'This entitled asshole.' I think with irritation as I struggle to keep my calm.

He just has this way of talking that pisses me off. He's talking like he has somewhere to be, and that he's doing me a favor by showing up in person.

"Well, thank you for the heads up Mr. Stark." I say professionally to mask my growing rage. "I will say, you have an unusual way about yourself."

"I'm an arrogant self-entitled asshole. Let's not wax poetics shall we?" He says simply. "I have people I pay to kiss my ass, you don't need to do it for free."

'FUCK IT! I TRIED!'

"In that case I find that I'm struggling to not commit a felony against you the longer you're here." I say with a smile.

"Ooh! A feisty blonde!" He says with a smirk. "Well, I've been here long enough, got my point across, pressed a few buttons. I'll look forward to working with you."

"I don't." I say with a smile.

"You can't afford to turn me down." He counters.

Sadly, he's right. He's offering expansion into another state. A possible full revival of the New Wave movement.

"I'll see you at the fundraiser. Now get out before I call the indestructible child I have on speed dial."

"Eugh, children." He says as he stands up. "Way to ruin the mood. Here's my number if you need anything, don't spread it around. I don't need to get a new one, that's always a pain." He says and hands me a card.

"Of course, I'm not that petty." I say as I take it.

I'm totally that petty. This is going straight to Kitsu the moment he pushes another button.




-Dallon House, 5:45pm-




Kitsu POV


*Krcht*

I hear the door to Dad's car close and I get excited.

"Here, hold him for me." I say and hand the now fist sized Kratos to Amy.

"What the, Kitsu! What am I supposed to-" She starts before I rush away to the front door. "do with, and she's gone. Great."

I stand in front of the door, waiting for either to open it. I love this part. Hugs and scratches always make my day. I just enjoy feeling loved, I'm not so insecure that I'm afraid to admit that. And I enjoy making sure those I love know I love them.

"Well, we can talk about it later." I hear Mom say from the other side of the door. "For now I have to greet the gremlin."

'I'm a gremlin huh?' I think deviously and turn invisible.

She opens the door and tenses. Clearly expecting me. After a few seconds of nothing she shrugs and continues walking.

"Surprise hugs!" I shout as I slam into her and dispel my invisibility. "Gotcha!"

"Kitsu!" Mom yells. "Don't just, you know what? I don't have the energy." She says and crouches down to pick me up and place me on her hip.

"Is everything okay?" I ask as she walks to her room.

"Yeah, just exhausted." She says as she walks past my room. "Hi Amy, you have a good day?" She asks, turning to the girl, still holding Kratos.

"Yeah, mostly." Amy shrugs. "Just dealing with this." She says and holds Kratos up.

"What the hell is that?" Mom asks with a slight edge.

"He's Kratos. My ironclad beetle." I say defensively.

"Why, do you have a giant beetle?" Mom asks.

"Because he's adorable and I'm making him as indestructible as me." I say with a huff and cross my arms. "Eventually he'll be big enough to ride on patrol."

"She's trying to figure out how to make him larger without suffocating him." Amy says.

"Suffocating?" Mom asks.

"Insects breathe through small tubes in their body. Rather than actually breathing, they let oxygen passively move into their body through small openings in their exoskeleton. It's what limits their size. Bigger body means they need more oxygen and to get said oxygen they need to move since they can't actively take it in like animals do and-"

"I get the gist." Mom interrupts me. "You didn't even ask if you could. Where are you going to keep it?" She asks.

"Uh, here?" I say and notice her growing frown. "The new base?" I try.

"Better, next time make sure to ask first, and put it down at the first sign of it going feral." She says as she bounces me up a bit to hold me better.

"I intend to train him." I say cheerfully.

I'm expanding his brain and reshaping it to be similar to a dogs. Or at least that's the plan. Amy's agreed to monitor and guide me. She won't change it herself. But she'll keep a hand on Kratos and let me know when I'm doing something wrong. And try and steer me in the right direction as best she can.

It's how I got him to be as big as he is without accidently killing him. And even then his current size is already pushing it. I intend to implement a hummingbirds torpidity cycle into him to preserve his energy. He'll be my adorable little war beast! I already modified his shell to be able to take a few bullets. It's remarkably easy, it really just comes down to how the exoskeleton is structured.

I'm aware that he'll be slower than me no matter what I do. I just like the idea of having my own little battle bug.

"Alright, but it better not get any bigger while it's in my house." Mom says sternly. "Got it?"

"Okay." I agree. "It's not like he's dangerous, he eats fruit."

"Rotting fruit." Amy corrects. "And rotting vegetables."

"He's our own personal garbage disposal!" I say.

"We already have one." Mom says sarcastically. "It's called a trash can."

"Kitsu, what do you want me to do with this thing?" Amy asks.

"You can put him in his cage." I say. "It should still be big enough to hold him."

"Alright." She says and goes over to the plastic container.

And just drops him in!

"Hey! Be gentler with him!" I demand.

"Kitsu, it doesn't have feelings and you literally couldn't hurt it if you dropped it from the empire state building."

"He does have feelings!" I argue. 'Just, not yet.'

"We're moving on." Mom says as she continues.
She really is just carrying me through the house. I don't even think she's realized it yet.

We pass Vicky's room. Who I've been intentionally ignoring for, obvious reasons.

I don't like her.

And she's taken to sexting Dean as opposed to banging him since she can't sneak him in. And I can tell you from what I've heard. She's the instigator. Not Dean.

I will say she's been oddly, chaste, the last two days. Maybe she's burnt out.

Mom stops at her door and goes to knock before stopping.

"She's in there right?" She asks me.

"She is." I say curtly. "I tend to ignore the sounds coming from her room."

She gets a pensive look and stares at the door for a bit.

"Is she, decent?" She asks.

"I'unno." I say with a shrug.

"Can you tell me what she's doing?" Mom asks.

"Sounds like texting. And laughing." I answer.

"Okay." Mom says and knocks.

"Yeah?!" Vicky calls out.

"It's your mother!" Mom calls out. "Are you decent?"

"Yeah!" Vicky answers.

"Alright." She says and sets me down. "Run along, I'm going to have a chat with Vicky."

She gives me a kiss on the forehead and a quick scratch of the ears.

"Kay." I say and rush off back to the living room and jump into Dad's lap.

"Surprise hugs for you too!" I say as I hug him.

"Hey there kiddo." He says as he hugs me back. "Watcha wanna do for the rest of the day?"

"Monopoly?" I suggest.

"Playing with two people is boring." He counters.

"Well, battleship?"

"Sure." He says and scratches my ears. "Now scootch, I gotta get it from the closet and you're in the way."




-Pelham House, 6pm-




Eric "Shielder" Pelham POV


How is she so good!?

I'm staring at the screen in astonishment.

"How?" I ask.

"I just made a bunch of Cyclops units and tanks. Then let them fix each other." She defends.

"That's why your units weren't going down!?" I ask in disbelief.

"Well, I just thought they looked cute! The way they healed each other like little friends helping each other out." She defends with a shrug.

Halo wars. She was Sgt. Forge while I was the Arbiter.

I have three hundred hours in this game! She has five hours!

*Knock* *Knock*

"Eric!" Mom calls out. "Everything alright? I heard yelling."

"Yeah! Just, debating my career choice!" I say back.

She opens the door and spots me and Pinky on the bed. I'm sat crisscross while she's laying down with her head and arms dangling from the edge.

"Well, it's, cleaner in here than usual." She says and takes a sniff. "Eric, can I talk to you in the hall?"

"Um, sure?" I say and hop up and step over the cords and across the room.

Mom moves aside and closes the door.

"Alright, fess up." She says seriously while crossing her arms. "What are you doing?"

"What do you mean?" I ask in confusion.

"Pinky."

"Nothing!" I defend myself, suddenly realizing what she means.

"Uh huh. That's why you spend most of your time with her in your room or following her around." She says with a glare.

"I just thought she could use a friend, someone to hang out with." I say in our defense.

It's true! Mostly.

"Uh huh, sure." She says. "And if the impressionable girl with a figure pornstars would kill for just so happens to fall in love her friend who 'helped' her?"

"Mom!" I shout in surprise.

She's not wrong, but she doesn't have to put it like that!

"From now on, anytime you two are in the same room. Door stays open." She says seriously. "Got it? I'm not going to stop you from dating, but I don't need anymore mouths to feed."

"Mom!"

"Got it!?" She presses.

"I don't even-"

"Got it!"

"I!" I stop as she gives a glare. "Got it." I sigh in defeat.

"Good. Now, have fun and be a gentleman." She says, switching tones in an instant.

She goes over and opens the door and reveals Pinky now playing Peggle.

She's already beat my high score on the first level.




Pinky POV


Eric comes back in from the hall, only this time his mom leaves the door open before leaving.

I heard, some of it. Enough to know it was about me. And Eric's clear attraction to me.

"Hey, soooo. Wanna watch something?" He asks awkwardly as he takes back his spot next to me.

"Sure!" I say and hold up the remote for him to change the TV.

I'm not sure how to approach the fact he has a crush on me. I mean, he's clearly attracted to me despite the eyes, hair, skin and horns. So that's nice and a little comforting. But I don't think I'm ready for that. I'll admit it's flattering anytime I catch him staring. And it's not like he's super pervy about it or anything. I enjoy spending time with him but I don't want to change the dynamic we have going.

'Oh well.' I think to myself. 'Problems for a different day.'




-Meanwhile, Brockton Bay Community College Campus-




Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV


"Like that." I say as I look over Sabah's shoulder.

"That's almost two sizes too small." She says.

"And?" I say challengingly. "Let me put it this way, if a tall, slim Asian woman was going to wear anything you designed for her to a public date. What would you want her to wear?"

She blushes for a bit. And I can tell she's zoning out as she pictures the thought in her head.

"So do you want the material flexible or tight?" She says after a bit of thought.

"That's my girl, I knew you'd understand." I say and pat the shorter girl on her shoulder.

I'm getting that man. One way or another. The only thing that could ruin any chance I have is if he turns out to be gay.

'I wonder if he's, anatomically correct.' I say as I bite my lip in anticipation of Saturday. 'I still need to pick out my underwear. I have a few sets I never get to use. I hope he likes the color red.'

I dismiss the thoughts. I'm getting ahead of myself. I still need to seduc- charm him first.




-Forrest outskirts-




Firebreather POV


I get a sudden shiver down my spine for some odd reason, and I look around from my tree branch perch for anything odd.

"Huh?" I mutter aloud. "Why do I suddenly feel like I'm in danger?"

After a bit of silence, the only sound being the rustling of the trees in the wind and the occasional bird. I shrug and lean back against the tree as I continue to munch on my bag of charcoal.

Not as good as the real deal. But I couldn't find any real coal. So I made do.

It's not bad once you get used to it.




-Wednesday, April 28th, Dallon House, 1pm-




Kitsu POV


Rachel's been arrested.

"Why didn't anyone tell me!?" I demand in the kitchen.
"I didn't know you were friends with every psychopathic bitch on the east coast!" Vicky shouts.

"She's not a psychopath! She's not a sociopath! She's autistic you self conceited uppity bimbo!" I yell back.

"Alright, I think we should just calm down." I hear Dad try and say.

"Bimbo?!" Vicky shouts. "I will throw your furry ass into the bay!"

"I'll have you know that unlike you, my butt is as smooth and hairless as a baby's!" I counter.

Barring the tail that is.

"And you have the looks and height to match!" She shoots back.

"I'm pretty sure it's a lost cause at this point." Amy says cautiously.

"Wanna talk about my height!? How 'bout I come over there and take out your knees?!" I say and start to walk over to her.

"Bring it freak!" Vicky says as her aura goes into full blast and she floats up a bit.

"OKAY!" Dad says as he hurries over and picks me up while Amy grabs Vicky by the waist to hold her back. "THAT'S ENOUGH!"

"It'll be enough when I show this midget not to run her mouth!" Vicky says.

"I'll heal her when I'm done!" I say back, struggling against Dad's arms.

I'm not willing to use my powers against him. Simple matter of principle.

"I will call your mother!" Dad says.

"I'll be good." I say and immediately stop.

What? She's scary when she's mad! And she might get rid of Kratos! I'm not risking my little boy!

"That's it? Just like that?" Vicky asks incredulously as she floats down and reels in her aura.

I say nothing, just glare at her and stick my tongue out.

I value Mom's opinion of me. I don't want to spoil that in a tit measuring contest with Vicky. But that's fine. I'll just have to find a more discreet way of getting back at Vicky.

"Dad, can you take me to The Rig?" I ask.

"Why?" He asks slowly.

"I'm going to get Rachel out of confinement." I say simply.

"How?" Vicky scoffs. "She's a known face with a body count and is on the sociopath registry."

"I'm going to prove she's not a sociopath." I reply.
That gets everyone to go quiet enough for me to hear their heartbeats.

"Kitsu, how sure are you that she's not a sociopath?" Dad asks.

"Fully. I have a bit of history with her, and my thinker power confirms it." I say resolutely.

Dad sets me down. Amy still hasn't let go of Vicky. Likely enjoying the contact as much as she can.

"You mean the same thinker power you yourself said was unreliable?" Vicky shoots out.

I rapidly increase the temperature of my scalp and change my eyes to red to get my point across. My hair igniting as I point at her.

Luckily my hearing aides are on the charger.

"I don't want to hear anything about unreliable from the Collateral Damage Barbie!" I accuse.

Everyone is now staring with wide eyes.

"What?" I ask as I cut off the enhancement.

"You were on fire." Amy says as she finally lets go of Vicky's waist. "Literally."

"Wait until Carol gets home. Then we'll see what we can do." Dad says in a clear deflection.

"Fine." I say and sit back down to brood.

This is utter bullshit.




-Pelham House, 3pm-




Pinky POV


Apparently I'm good at cooking!

Well, better than Eric is at least. I decided to make him some food as a thank you for how much he's helped me. He's even been walking me through his finals material to help me have some form of an education.

So I made cookies! I made sure it was alright with Mr. and Mrs. Pelham first.

I'm walking up the stairs and go to his room. I go and open his door and surprise him.

"Eric! I made cookies!" I say cheerfully.

"Pinky!" He shouts in surprise from his computer.
I look over to see that he's streaming. With his webcam on. And the camera facing me. Showing me. To, thousands of people.

"Uh." I say awkwardly. "I'm not real!" I say and duck out to the hall.

I'm not supposed to be seen until my official debut! And I just got put on livestream to thousands of people who know who Eric is and know he's a cape because of how New Wave is and now!

I take a deep breath to calm myself.

"This is fine!" I whisper to myself. "They, probably only barely, saw me."

'Could've been worse! I could've walked in on him masturbating or something.' I tell myself. 'Okay, didn't need that image in my head. But it's fine! I'm sure everything will be fine!'

Right?




-Meanwhile, Undersiders Hideout-




Lisa "Tattletale" Wilbourn POV


Brian is worried.

'I can see that.'

We just got confirmation in the news that Rachel was captured.

"I mean, I always thought we'd need to bust out Alec!" Brian calls out as he paces in front of the TV.

"Really feeling the love." Alec says as he flips Brian off.

Brian is pretending not to notice. Brian doesn't want to encourage Alec's behavior by-

I cut off the line. It's not helping. I need something useful!

"Um, how are we going to break her out?" Reiko asks softly. "Can we bring some of her dogs?"

Rachel's other dogs are untrained. Rachel's other dogs will panic and rampage if transformed.

"No, she never trained her other dogs. Never got around to it." I say in response. "We'll need to find a way to bust her out as well as her dogs."

"And how do we do that?" Alec asks in a bored tone.

Dogs are Rachel's. Dogs were captured with Rachel. Rachel's power enhances dogs. PRT will want to study Rachel's dogs away from her. Brockton has no known locations capable of holding Rachel's dogs when transformed. Rachel is not in mainland Brockton. Rachel is on the Rig. Rachel's dogs are likely in M/S protocol on the Rig.

A little bit of speculation. But it'll have to do.

"Her dogs are likely on The Rig with her. She still needs trial and transport." I say. "Her dogs will be tricky, but she herself can be broken out when they go to transport her."

"You're right. We have time, if we can intercept her transport to her trial then we have a chance." Brian says as he sits down.

"Hate to be that guy, but." Alec says.

"No you don't." Me and Brian say at the same time.

"How, are we going to break her out?" Alec says and starts pointing. "Intuitive Thinker, low level telekinetic, walking smoke grenade, and minor master. Rachel was our muscle."

Alec is correct.

'I KNOW THAT!'

Lisa is agitated. Lisa is unsure of what to do.

"We can ask people for help?" Reiko suggests from the kitchenette where Alec is having her prep us dinner.

…

'Why the fuck didn't I think of that!?'

"Who could we ask?" Brian asks. "Lung? He listens to no one but himself. Faultline's crew? They refuse to do jobs in the city."

"Uber and Leet, Shego, Taskmaster." Alec starts listing off. "There's plenty of people to ask."

Uber and Leet are notoriously unreliable, known to livestream all of their jobs. Shego prides herself on professional etiquette. Has never betrayed or backed out of a contract. Currently in a long term contract in Chicago. Past behavior indicates Shego will be unavailable until her current contract is complete. Taskmaster is a premium mercenary with no known failures, primarily employed by Accord. Taskmaster's rates go into the millions.

"Uber and Leet are a joke." Brian says.

"Shego has a long term contract with Draken in Chicago." I add. "She won't break that for any amount of money. She sticks to her contracts."

"Taskmaster?" Alec asks.

Charges based on various criteria. Will charge based on.

"He'll charge a premium just to talk with us, another to get him here, and another to do the job." I feed out. "On top of a no betrayal fee and if we want to avoid attention, we'll have to pay him not to kill everyone in the transport as part of a no death fee. We can't afford him."

Alec actually looks surprised at that.

"You're serious?" He asks. "Holy shit you're serious. What about that Cajun guy? The one with the staff?"

Cajun, Louisiana, mercenary, staff. Gambit. Gambit specializes in theft. Offers reduced prices on interesting jobs. Has never performed a prisoner transport bust before. Will likely see busting Rachel out of transport as interesting. Charges based on number of objectives. Gambit avoids killing at all costs unless necessary.

'Okay, I can work with that.' I think.

"I'll see about getting into contact with him." I say. "Until then, stay out of trouble. We don't need to worry about busting another person out."

"Sure thing mom." Alec says.

Alec believes Lisa directed her comment towards him.

'I hate you sometimes.'

Lisa is projecting her frustrations onto an abstract and intangible-

A day, just a day of silence would be nice.




-Dallon House, 6pm-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


"Okay, what's this about?" I ask the brooding preteen at the table as I sit down across from her.

For the first time since she started listening to me, she didn't greet me when I got home. And that's worrying. Her ears are down, tail stiff, and her eyes are less oval and more catlike.

"I wanna talk to Rachel." She says.

"Who's Rachel?" I ask.

"Hellhound."

'Okay, how the fuck do I handle this?' I think to myself. 'Hellhound is in custody, on the Rig awaiting trial. From what I know, no public defender will take her.'

"Why?" I ask.

"She's a friend. And she's misunderstood." Kitsu says. "I want to try and help her."

There's both a lot to say to that. And not a lot that can be said. I don't even know where to start.

"How?" I ask.

"I'm going to prove she's not an irredeemable sociopath." She says with a huff and puffs up her chest.

It's really adorable. The way she's being so serious yet can't make a serious face because she looks too cute.

"How? Sociopathy is determined over the course of years. You can't reverse years of behavior." I tell her.
Unless she has some unknown master power she recently developed.

"I can debunk it and prove it wrong." She says.

"How?" I ask again. "Kitsu, I need you to elaborate. I can't do anything if you keep me in the dark. I need to know what you're planning."

"So, if I tell you what I have planned you'll help me?" She asks with a tilt of her head.

"I'll try." I tell her. "I make no promises."

"Armsmaster has a lie detector built into his helm." She says. "I'm going to ask her questions that'll prove her innocence."

'Decent enough.' I contemplate. 'If nothing else, it could call into question her sociopathy and help build a case based on her mislabeling. A mislabeling of mental state could help build a case to see her kept out of the Birdcage at the very least based on her age.'

"Alright." I say. "We can go on Thursday."

"Really!" She says with a fanged smile, her ears and tail perked.

"Yes." I say with a nod.

"Thank you!" She says and speeds around to table to land hug me.

"Sure thing." I say and pat her back. "Now, what did Mark mean by you catching fire?"




-Wednesday April 28th, BBCC Campus, 12:Spam-




Sabah "Parian" POV


"And done!" I say to myself as I finish the green shirt and red jacket.

The shoes are easy. I just need to find soles large enough and let my power work.

Of course I won't give this to Crystal until the day of. It'd be awfully suspicious if I finished the clothes not even a day after they were designed after all.

*Brzzt*

"Hm?"

That's my, work, phone.

I flip it open to see it's a text from Kitsu. And I immediately feel myself mentally tire in preparation.
She's a sweet girl, but, I really can't stand to be in the same space as her for more than a few minutes at a time.

She's just too energetic and distractible.

(Hey Parry! I gotta request!)-K

'Figures.' I think tiredly. 'The moment I finish one thing. The universe conspires to throw something else at me.'

(What is it?)-P

(I want a suit! A business suit!)-K

(What kind?)-P

…

(Image)-K

She just sent a picture of a woman in a dark blue-grey three piece business suit

(Like that!)-K

(So a regular suit then?)-P

(Yes! I want it to match this one!)-K

(Standard rate)-P

(Can I have it by tomorrow? Before 1)-K

'Seriously?!' I think as I feel my eye twitch.

(Express rate 25% mark up)-P

(No loyal customer discount?)-K

(Not for a short notice, same day commission)-P

(Fine)-K

(Are your measurements still the same?)-P

…

(Mostly, I might need my outfits adjusted soon. I'm about to hit a growth spurt)-K

'Wait, all of her outfits?!' I think with dread.

(All of them? What time frame?)-P

(Not all. Just a few, my Irida outfit and a few of my more frequently used outfits)-K
(And in a few months)-K
(Just thought I'd give you a heads up)-K

(Thanks, you know where to mail the check to)-P

(Thank you!)-K

I put my phone down and meander my way over to my bed and collapse. I'm going to have to get started right away so I'm getting in my rest now. She's good business. But she's a headache. A shirt and jacket in one day are one thing. But a full three piece suit?!

I'm not sleeping tonight.




-Thursday, April 29th, Dallon House, 2pm-




Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV


"Kitsu! Hurry up!" I call from the living room.

"In a minute!" She calls out. "I'm fixing my outfit!"

She wanted a suit for this to show she's serious. Because nothing says serious like a little girl in a suit.

Me and Mark put bets on what she would ask for. I put my bet on a dress of some sort. Mark said a three piece.

"Do you need help!?" I ask.

"No!"

We have half an hour until our appointment at the Rig. And it takes fifteen minutes to get to the pickup point.

"I'm ready!"

I stand here and pull out my phone to check the time as I hear her run out.

"Pfft." Mark holds in a laugh as he puts a hand on the wall to steady himself.

"What?" I ask looking up to him.

In response he just points to the girl stopped in front of me. Looking over, I see what had him in stitches.
Standing there, bright smile, tail wagging, ears perked, in a perfect replica of my outfit. Is Kitsu. She even has the same shoes. The only difference is her hair isn't tied up.

"Really?" I ask in disbelief.

"Ye!" She says happily.

I mean, it's honestly a little flattering. But I don't think anyone is going to take her serious when she's dressed as a mini me.

And since it's a three piece. I lost the bet. Looks like we're renting a motel tomorrow.

"Mark, if I turn around and see that smirk." I start but come up blank. "Fuck it. Let's just go." I say and turn around just in time for Mark to snap a picture.

"Perfect." He says with that damnable smirk.

'He's probably thinking about tomorrow.' I think with restrained irritation. 'Perverted, smug bastard. He's lucky I love the shit out of him.'

"Get in car jackass." I say and turn him around.
'Not that I'm much better.' I think idly as I shove him towards the door.




-The Rig, 2:20pm-




Finally touching down and stepping off onto the platform. With the nearby guard taking Kitsu's backpack again. I grab Kitsu's hand as we're greeted by Assault and Battery at the door.

"Oh my gosh!" Battery squeals as she puts her hands to her mouth at seeing us. "That is so precious!"

I frown a bit at the unprofessional nature. As well as the lack of Armsmaster.

I see Assault mutter something under his breath with a smirk. Battery blushes and immediately returns to her professional demeanor.

"Sorry about that." Assault says.

"It's, fine." I say. "I thought we were to be greeted by Armsmaster."

"He's had some business come up that required his immediate attention." Battery says. "But he'll be here shortly."

I don't think much of it. If it can't be helped then it can't be helped.

"Very well then." I concede.

"We're sorry for the inconvenience." Assault continues. "In the meantime, let us show you to the common room."

"Of course." I say with a curt nod.

They turn around and open the doors. Leading us into the Rig. Following to a common room used for the PRT capes. Daredevil is in at the counter making a cup of coffee.

"Well, we have other business to attend to." Battery says. "We trust you to stay here and wait for Armsmaster."

You mean in the room that just so conveniently happens to have cape in it?

"Yeah, sorry about this." Assault says. "But with Hellhound captured, we're expecting the Undersiders to do something drastic and we're preparing for that."

"It's alright." I say curtly. "We can wait."

Assault and Battery leave shortly there after and me and Kitsu go to sit down at a table. Kitsu needing to turn the chair sideways due to it being closed back.

"Hello Kitsu, Mrs. Dallon." He says without looking at us as he continues to stir his drink.

"Hey Daredevil." Kitsu says cheerfully.

"I understand you're here waiting for Armsmaster to finish his business with Kid Win." He says as he turns around and I notice the eyes of his helmet are covered over. "If you don't mind me asking. What are you here for?"

"Rachel." Kitsu says before I get a chance to deny him.

"Who?" He asks.

"Hellhound." Kitsu clarifies.

"What about her?" He questions.

I put a finger to her mouth this time before she can say more.

"What?" She asks.

"We don't need to be telling everyone you walk by what you plan on doing." I tell her.

"Why not?" She asks. "It's not like I'm planning anything bad."

'How you have maintained such innocence in this world is beyond me.' I think with a sad nostalgic feeling.

"Because, you get more out of your plans. The less you speak of them." I say.

"She is correct." Daredevil says matter of factly.

"But he can help!" Kitsu protests.

"How?" I challenge.

"Can I tell her?" She asks, looking to Daredevil.

"Be vague." He says. "Leave my name out."

'What the hell is going on here?' I think as I glare between the two.

"He's a defense lawyer." She says.

Oh.

'That, that could actually help us.' I realize. 'Also rather ironic that the PRT have a defense attorney cape. While I'm a prosecutor.'

"Go ahead." I say with a sigh.

She gives me her wide, open mouth smile and turns to Daredevil.

"I want to prove that Rachel isn't a sociopath and keep her out of the Birdcage!" She says excitedly.

There's a moment of pause as he sips his coffee. He puts the mug down and gives a small smile.

"I knew I was right about you."




Rachel "Bitch/Hellhound" Lindt POV


I don't even know how long I've been in here. I woke up in this cell and have had few people come see me.

I refused to speak with any of them. I have nothing to say to these incompetent asshats.

*Click*

I look over to the door. And see the armored dickhead walk in with a blonde suit and a red suited cape I don't recognize. And-

'Kitsu?' I mentally question. 'What's she doing here?'

"Hi Rachel!" She says happily.

"Hrm." I grunt out, not sure what to say. "Whatd'you want?"

"I want to get you out of here." She says bluntly.

Her tail is still wagging and she's keeping from making eye contact. She's being honest as far as I can tell.

"Why?" I ask in clear confusion.

"Because I like you and the thought of you rotting away in the Birdcage upsets me." She answers.

Her tail slows at the mentioning of the Birdcage, and her ears twitch as though they're about to splay back as well. Showing discomfort at the prospect.

'She's telling the truth.' I realize.

"Alright." I say and move my eyes from hers in a show of deference.

She came here to help me. She didn't need to, she's been honest and straight forward. I don't like it. But it's the least I could do to show I appreciate the attempt.

"Thank you!" She says. "I'm going to ask you a bunch of questions. They will be uncomfortable and a little invasive. I just need you to answer honestly."

"I don't lie." I growl.

It's a waste of time. And even then, I never liked liars. Why would I suddenly become one.

"I know." She says. "I just have to say that for them." She points to the people behind her.

The blonde woman rolls her eyes and the red guy chuckles. The armored prick doesn't do anything.
Whether or not any of that means anything is lost on me. I know the guy in the red is amused, but that's it.

"Kay, ask." I say.

"Do you remember your trigger?" She asks.

'Now I see why she warned me.' I think at the mess of emotions regarding the event.

"Yes." I say quietly.

"Truth." The prick says.

"Ignore him." Kitsu says. "He feels the need to make sure everyone knows he's there."

'Ain't that the truth.' I think with an appreciative huff.

"I've been ignoring him." I say. "I've got nothing to say to the prick."

He grumbles in irritation at my words. But doesn't otherwise say anything.

"That doesn't surprise me." Kitsu says, her tail wagging in clear amusement and excitement. "I'm getting distracted. Do you have control over your dogs when they transform?"

"I do." I answer.

"Truth." Dickhead says. "This is just more evidence that-"

"Does your power give you control over your dogs or do you have to train them?" Kitsu asks, ignoring the prick.

"I have to train them. My power has nothing to do with control." I answer.

That stops the pricks in his tracks.

'Finally!' I think in relief.

"What happens if you transform a dog without training them?" She asks.

"They go nuts." I answer. "They panic and lash out."

"So you had no control over the dog that murdered everyone in the house during your trigger?" She asks.

"I didn't." I answer.

"Do you regret what happened?" She asks.

I'm quiet for a bit. I've thought about that day so often it isn't even funny.

"I do." I answer.

"If you could change anything about what happened. What would it be?" She asks.

That takes me a bit longer. It's true I think about it a lot. But I don't really concern myself with what ifs.

"I'd, I'd have stopped my power before Rollo killed the old bat." I answer. "Definitely before the other kids got killed."

"Do you go out of your way to kill people?" She asks.

"No." I answer.

"Why do you attack dog rings?" She asks.

"To save the dogs." I answer.

"What about hurting the people inside?" She asks.

"If they were there, they deserve to be hurt." I growl out.

"Do you go out of your way to hurt them?" She asks.
"No. If they get hurt they get hurt. But my goal is getting the dogs out safely." I answer.

"That's all." She says. "Thank you."

"What is this supposed to do?" I ask.

"By answering honestly and showing that you have feelings of regret and guilt it calls into question your labeling as a sociopath." She says. "And that can keep you out of the Birdcage due to your age."

I understood, some of that. Basically she's trying to keep me from being locked up for life.

I think.

"My dogs." I ask.

"They're safe." She says. "Angelica was knocked out while she was transformed so she's fine. Same with Brutus."

"Judas." I ask.

"He was never knocked out. He was collected after you were knocked out." She answers.

"Mm." I grumble in acknowledgement, thankful for the confirmation that they're at least not dead.

She gets up and leaves, soon followed by the woman and the red guy. The armored prick stays and stares me down for a bit. And I bare my teeth at him. Daring him to do something.

He turns and follows the other two before closing the door behind him.

'Hm, coward.'




Collin "Armsmaster" Wallis POV


Once. Not once did she lie. She regrets what happened. She never had control of the dogs she transformed.

That could change every charge of first and second degree murder to unintentional manslaughter at worst. And unintentional accomplice to a murder at minimum. It also changes her master rating. She doesn't control dogs. She enhances them. That's some form of breaker trump.

"I told you so~" I hear Dragon's voice in my helm.

"Oh! Hey Dragon!" Kitsu says cheerfully. "Were you present for the whole thing or did Robocop just give you the cliff notes?"

Daredevil just has a smirk while Brandish turns to me with a glare.

*Krzzt*

"I was here the whole time." She answers over the intercom.

"So, whatcha think?" She says.

"You've definitely shed some light on the situation." Dragon answers. "If you don't mind me asking. How were you so sure?"

"My thinker power shed some serious light on her when we first met." She says. "She's not a sociopath uncaring of law or consequence. She's autistic and was never taught better."

My helm still hasn't gone off. I think it might be glitching.

"Kitsu, who am I?" I ask to test it.

"A knockoff Robocop." She says without missing a beat.

*Beep*

Nope, still working.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus
.
.
PRT Database
Dossier
.
Kitsu

S-class
Sex: Female
Gender Identity: Female
Sexual orientation: Bisexual

Relationships: Is the foster child of Carol and Mark Dallon (Brandish and Flashbang), is currently in an active romantic relationship with PRT ENE Ward: Vista.

Age: 11-14, generally claims to be twelve, first appeared on May 11th, 2005, presumably in Boston.
Height: 4ft
Weight: 40-50lbs
Ethnicity: N/A, Appears Caucasian
Hair Color: Golden blonde
Eye Color: Turquoise, Blue-Green
Unusual Features/Markings: Case 53, Large golden blonde fox tail, large golden blonde fox ears, extended canine teeth, slitted pupils, higher than average body temp.

Classification:
Mover: 8+
Shaker 6:
Brute/Breaker: 12+
Tinker: 4+
Striker: 12+
Blaster: 6
Thinker: 4
Changer: 2
Stranger: 2
Self-Trump: Rating unclear
.
Personal profile
Is erratic and hyperactive. At times oddly compliant. It is believed she is mentally unstable while being highly intelligent, possessing a college level intellect in all subjects barring history and general social studies. Full psych evaluation puts her emotional age at roughly 8-10.

She possesses a quick wit, childish demeanor, and a high capacity for short-term planning. Has been on record to best numerous capes in unique and creative ways. Primarily relying on her illusions to confuse and trick others while using her speed to outmaneuver opponents. When she isn't confusing opponents into traps and feints, she prefers to use a more direct approach. Outright overpowering her opposition with superior strength and speed.
.
Powers and Abilities/Counters:

Kitsu displays a wide range of powers, with many being unrelated to the others making her a "Grab-Bag Cape"



Power: Her primary and most used power is her inability to be harmed, the method of which is still unknown.

Counter: The inability to harm her makes incapacitation especially complicated. Blunt force and standard combat abilities are ill-advised.


Power: Enhanced speed and strength: Has shown to approach speeds just short of Mach 1, and displayed strength capable of forcing Behemoth to retreat.

Counter: Non-standard abilities are advised, stay on the move and focus on keeping collateral damage and civilian casualties to a minimum. Avoid taking any direct hits at all costs. All-or-Nothing powers advised.


Power: Hard-light illusions: Has the power to create illusions capable of being tactile, visual, or audible.

Counter: Maintain distance. Illusions are known to have the durability of reinforced glass and rarely extend past 100 feet from her.


Power: Bio-Tinker: Officially the third known Bio-Tinker in North America and the fifth world wide. Method of powers use is touch based. Upon touching an organism, is capable of rearranging the organic material to the point of creating a new species. Has shown the ability to heal humans and fully manipulate the genome of plants. Whether she can tinker on humans is unknown.

Counter: Do to the very nature of her tinkering, standard anti-Tinker protocols are unusable. Hypercoolant and incendiary measures are advised when handling her creations.


Power: Had displayed limited ability to create explosive force from her hands. Outside of this, has a tendencies to create hard-light glass shards and use them to shred her surroundings.

Counter: Maintain distance, for some reason the shards are more durable than her other constructs.


Power: Proficiency Thinker: Has a Thinker power that grants her "memories" of people and situations she encounters.

Counter: Assume your identity and powers are known. As well as some secrets.


Power: Sense Thinker: Has night vision and enhanced hearing as well as smell. Capable of hearing heartbeats and distinguishing individuals based on smell.

Counter: Flashbangs and tear gas may assist in sensory overload.


Power: Self-Biokinesis: Has shown the ability to change hair and eye color. Outside of this has used the power to purge drugs and other substances from her body.

Counter: Maintain line of sight.


Power: Invisibility: Believed to be an extension of her illusions, is capable of perfectly hiding herself from view.

Counter: Invisibility is visual only. Powder spray and mist may allow for tracking. Thermals are known to see through her invisibility.


Self-Trump: Has a dangerous and escalating power to gain new abilities. While the methodology is unclear, it is believed to activate when needed, or to mimic those around her. Possibly both.

Counter: None.





Overall procedure in the event of an incident: All nearby capes are to be called in and assist with detainment and evacuation. Prioritize calling in New Wave and Vista as she has a close relationship with said individuals. Energy attacks and blunt force are deemed ineffective. The only effective known counter to her is cryogenic abilities. Foam may be used but is not expected to work long term.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
A/N
I realized partway through the whole Kratos thing, that I was basically copying Atlas from canon.
Oh well!

Let me know what ship names you guys give the various couples in this fic. Like Kitsu X Missy or Crystal X Firebreather.
.
QUESTIONS!
.
FOR NEWB!
.
FOR KITSU!

.
Casanova5424: What would your reaction be if Carol's affair ever got out?

Kitsu: I would turn Neil into a girl, tie him up, and leave him in Dad's room on his bed. It's not cheating if both partners sleep with the same person, then it's just a heavily delayed threesome!

.
RadChaos897: Once the ferry is restored, what do you plan on doing?

Kitsu: I'unno, I don't really do plans.

.
RadChaos897: Couldn't you make an entire amusement park with your plants?

Kitsu: That sounds like too much work! I'd rather just cuddle my Missy and play with my plants!

.
RadChaos897: Besides generating explosions from your hands. What other things do you plan on doing with your energy manipulation?

Kitsu: I can't manipulate energy. What I do is enhance parts of myself. I enhanced the temperature of my hands to an extreme degree for an instant and let the air ignite and cause a displacement of air. Making an explosion. What I'm really doing is just super heating a small part of my body to an extreme for a short amount of time and letting physics do the rest.

.
RadChaos897: Dinner, Bath, or Missy?

Kitsu: Didn't you already ask that?
.
FOR [CONDUIT]


.
FOR MISSY? Again?

.
RadChaos897: Judging by your wedding daydream, you see yourself as the man in the relationship?

Missy: It's not that I see myself as the man. I'm not, pretty sure I'd need to be a guy to be the man. It's just, weddings have one person in a dress, one in a tux. And the one in the dress gets walked down the isle by their dad. And I don't want my parents to have anything to do with any part of my love life.

.
RadChaos897: You really don't like unicorns? Or pegasi? At all? Damn, you could've rode through the night sky with Kitsu all Aladdin style.
Missy: Deal with it.

.
RadChaos897: You are surrounded by dozens of Kitsu's. Only one is real, the rest are brain eating shape shifters. How do you find the real one?

Missy: I ask for the number to the local pizza place.
.
.
.
As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas moving forward. I especially love it when you guys speculate or make guesses as I do use them. And even when I don't they still give me ideas.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt, monkwindu and 225 others
Newb to the game
May 5, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 33 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
May 5, 2024
Add bookmark
#296
A/N A Date with Destiny, er, Missy.
Alt title:
.
Still waiting for the email issue to be fixed.
.
I took a step back and looked at the sheer word count of this story.
I think I have a problem. This story hasn't even been up for six months.
.





-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-Saturday, May 1st, 4pm, The Rig, Wards Common Room-




Vergil "Static Shock" Hawkins POV


"The fuck's up with her?" Soph asks, pointing to Vista.

Who's been running around like a chicken with its head cut off. Going from the mirror, to the chair, to the couch, to a bundle of blue flowers she has on the counter.

"She's got a date in an hour or two." I say as I change the channel.

"Pfft! You're telling me the baby has a date?" Sophia laughs.

'Should I tell her?' I think idly.

"Yep, at about six." I say simply.

"Doesn't she have patrol at six?" Sophia asks.

"Yep." I say and settle on SpongeBob, there ain't nothin else on.

"How's that work? She call off?" She asks as she plops onto the couch.

"Nope." I answer. "Her date's a fellow cape."

"And she just, gets to?" Sophia asks incredulously.

"Yeah, it's this thing Piggot does." I say. "She wants people to see us as relatable so things like this are allowed."

This would never fly in Dakota city. Director Smith is more concerned with keeping all the parahumans on the side of the law.

It's how Stretch ended up with the PRT on probationary employment, three more years and he's cleared of his charges. He'll still have a record, but he'll be a free man. He's said he plans on sticking with the PRT while trying to advance his music career anyway.

It's also how Maureen got put in protective services rather than the Birdcage.

"So because she's sucking face with another cape, she gets to do shit like go to the movies while on patrol?" Sophia says. "That's bullshit!"

"Piggot marks it down as a public relations event." I tell her. "And 'sides, so long as we cover the required ground during our patrol we can do whatever."

Hell, even I'm guilty here. I've hit up the arcade more than a few times with Dennis while in costume.

"That's retarded." She says and crosses her arms.

'Yeah, I ain't tell'n her.' I resolve to myself.

She can figure out Missy is dating Kitsu on her own.

"It is what it is." I say zoning her out.

"Don't give me that pacifistic bullshit!" She says.

"Okay." I say nonchalantly. Ignoring her attempts at starting a fight.

"Now you're ignoring me." She accuses.

"Trying to." I say as I get up and head to the cabinets to get a snack. Dodging around the green clad girl.

"Fuck you!" Sophia shouts as she steals the remote.

Jokes on her. It doesn't have batteries. I took'em out. Perks of having electric powers, batteries are always included. For me.




-Dallon House, 5pm-




Kitsu POV


"What to wear? What to wear?" I say as I go through my closet.

"Why am I here?" Amy asks from my bed.

"Because Dad's not back with Mom and I need a female's opinion." I say.

"Why not Vicky?" Amy suggests. "She's got a better fashion sense than me, and she has experience with dating."

"Someone who's opinion I value." I clarify from my closet.

"Neptunia dress? No, she's seen me in this before." I mutter.

"So?" Amy asks.

"It needs to be special!" I defend. "It has to be something new that fits the occasion."

"So, what about the white dress?" Amy suggests.

My Lily dress?

"It's the movies, not a picnic." I tell her.

She throws her arms up in exasperation as she rolls her eyes.

"Just go in your cape outfit." Amy says. "She'll be going in hers, and we both know for a fact she enjoys seeing you in it."

That brings a blush to my face. It's no secret that Missy is a legs and ass girl. And a tail girl. But I don't need to be reminded!

"No!" I say in response. "It needs to be special! She doesn't get a choice in what she can wear. I do. Therefore it's up to me to pick out something memorable."

"I give up." Amy says as she stands from my bed. "I'll be in my room if you need me."

"Coward!" I shout as she leaves my room. "Deserter!"

"You'll be fine!" She says as she leaves.

I just go back to my wardrobe.

'Dawn? No, Gloria? No! Rosa? No, I had that one for my date with Dennis and she saw me in that already.' I anguish. 'Arezu? Maybe in the fall, not spring. What time is it?'

Running around to my nightstand. I grab my phone and check the time.

5:20

I have less than an hour!

"Crap!" I curse.

'Mallow? No, maybe if it was to the botanical gardens. Leaf? No, just doesn't fit. The third Serena outfit? The journeys one?'

"That could work." I say appreciatively.




-6pm-




"You're fine." Mom says as I keep fidgeting with the hem of my skirt.

"I know that!" I whine.

"Then why do you-"

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

"She's here!" I say frantically.

"Well at least she's on time." Mom says. "Mark! Are you ready!?"

"Been ready for the last hour!" Dad says from the kitchen.

"Well she's here!"

"I'm coming!"

Meanwhile I go to the door and open it.

I'm greeted by Missy in her Vista costume. And Vergil in the background talking to Chris.

Missy has a bouquet of flowers in various shades of blue, and a not so subtle blush on her face.

"Oh um. Hi, Kitsu." She stutters out. "I uh, you look great!"

"Thanks, you, look amazing as you usually do." I numbly get out as I brush a strand of hair out of my face.

"These are for you!" She says and shoves the bouquet into my arms.

"Fifty bucks." I hear Vergil say.

"Yeah I know." Chris groans.

Ignoring them in favor of my blushing girlfriend.

"So, um. Wanna go?" Missy asks.

"Sure!" I say excitedly and rush to my room to put the flowers away. Grabbing a red one and putting it in my hair just because. I run back and grab onto Missy's arm. "After you!"

"You girls want a ride or are we walking with Vista's power?" Dad asks as he comes up to us. "And look this way real quick."

Turning to him I see him pull out his phone and snap a picture. Dad opted to wear jeans and a red flannel shirt for this.

"Um, we can just use my power." Missy answers. "Static Shock and Kid Win still need to patrol with me in the same area."

"Then how'd you get this date approved?" Dad asks.

"Director Piggot, really wants us to be seen as relatable. So doing normal things like, taking my adorable girlfriend to the movies is more than okay with her." Missy answers. "So long as we let her know ahead of time."

"Alright then." Dad says. "Let's not delay any further. The movies are probably already packed full."

"You girls stay safe!" Mom says. "Try not to get run over or anything."

"One time." Missy mumbles.

"I'll keep an eye on them. Don't worry." Dad says as we walk out the door.

We all walk towards Chris and Vergil. Who I STILL don't have the autograph of!

I have almost a hundred autographs. Including Taylor Hebert's from when she got mine at the signing.

AND I STILL DON'T HAVE HIS!

Can't ask him now. I'm on a date!

"We ready?" Vergil asks.

"Yeah." Missy says before the roof of a building in the distance suddenly stretches to meet us next to the sidewalk.

We all wordlessly step on the roof as it bends back into place. Without us moving, somehow.

Missy's power is trippy.

We then step onto the roof of the movie theater with Vergil unfolding his saucer and Chris pulls out two Halo, Covenant pistol things that flip and fold themselves out and connect to be his hover board.

"Ah that's so cool!" I say softly in awe.

"Thanks!" He says before following Vergil to patrol the area. "See ya guys later!"

"Have fun!" Vergil says right after. "And if you watch the Alice in Wonderland movie, don't spoil it for me!" He says as they fly off.

"Kay!" I wave with one arm. My other still holding onto Missy's.

"So, how're we getting down?" Dad asks.

"I can float us down on a saucer." I suggest.

"I was just going to move us to the side alley." Missy says.

"That works too." I say.

We walk to the edge of the roof. And it soon becomes the concrete of the alley. I step off with Missy.

"Huh, never thought I'd get to step off the roof of a building and not get hurt." Dad says.

"Do you think about stepping off roofs often?" I ask in concern.

"What? No!" Dad says with a small laugh. "I may be clinically depressed, but I'm not that depressed!" He says.

I glare at him for a bit before turning to walk out the alley with my Missy in tow.

We wordlessly walk out into the street with the other people. Many of which recognizing us immediately and start taking pictures.

"So, what movie did you want to watch?" Missy asks as we get in line behind like, fifteen people.

And most everyone is staring and pointing towards us. I'm used to it.

"I don't know." I say and look to the titles up top.

(Alice In Wonderland)
(Percy Jackson And The Lightning Thief)
(How To Train Your Dragon)
(Clash Of Titans)

And I'm remembering the plots to most of them. Meaning I'd seen them before, well, you get the idea.

"Everything okay?" Missy asks.

"Yeah, just. My thinker power literally just spoiled every movie on the board." I say sadly.

"Really?" Dad asks. "I thought it only did that with people."

"Nope!" I say with a shake of my head. "This is what I meant by inconsistent and unreliable. I have no way of controlling it."

"Oh, well is the Percy Jackson movie good?" Missy asks in a hopeful tone.

"Only if you never read the book and ignore a few glaring plot holes." I answer.

"Oh, that bad?" She asks sounding more than a little disappointed.

"The author of the books is about to disavow the movie." I tell her

"How do you know that?" Dad asks.

"I just remembered him screaming and ranting about it to someone where he said he was about to." I lie.

Can't really say I have meta knowledge. Well, kinda. I remember that I have seen these movies. But I don't remember ever watching them. I know the plot, the characters, everything. But any actual, memory, of seeing the movie is just, not there.

If I ever find the version of me that did the CYOA, I'll kick their ass for taking the memory drawback.

"Is it really that bad?" Missy asks in a desperate tone.

"They aged up Percy and for some reason two of the female characters got combined into one, Annabeth. And the plot revolves around them going to get these orbs so that they can escape the underworld when they get there." I say. "Also they state there's a law that gods can't interact with their half blood kids."

"What?!" Missy suddenly shouts. "But the fact that some gods parent their kids and some don't is part of the conflict of the later books!"

"Thanks for spoiling it jackass!" Rando number one yells.

"It sucks!" I shout to the guy who just yelled that. "I'm saving you! Go watch the dragon movie!"

We're about to get to the ticket booth now.

"You still never said what you wanted to watch." Dad says.

"Oh!" I realize. "Um, How To Train Your Dragon. It's, not really anything like the books but it's still very good."

After a bit we're in front of the booth with a lady in a red vest and practiced smile.

"How may I help you today?" She asks.

"One adult, two children for How To Tame Your Dragon." Dad says as he steps in front of us.

"Train." I correct him.

"What she said." He says and pulls out his wallet.




-Earlier, Pelham House-




Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV


"So, how do you like it?" I ask eagerly.

"It's a little tight." Firebreather says as he shrugs his shoulders, getting a feel for the shirt and jacket.

"That's good!" I say. "Better than it being too loose. You can break it in rather than trying to fill it out."

He fills it out perfectly. And the jacket has Velcro slits for his wings to spring out. In case he needs to fly for some reason. Now if only I can get him in a pair of skinny jeans.

"If you say so." He says unsurely. "So, what movie are we seeing?" He asks.

"Well, I was thinking something like How To Train Your Dragon." I say jokingly.

"Sure!" He says. "I've seen a few posters of it, and it looks cool enough."

"Wait seriously?" I ask.

"Yeah, why?" He asks with a raised brow. "Is there something wrong with it?"

"No!" I say quickly. "I was just making a joke when I suggested it! With the whole, y'know." I say gesturing to his, everything.

I'm quickly making an idiot of myself.

'Argh! Why can't you be like other guys and just fall in love with me after a compliment or something!' I rage internally. 'Whoa! Where the hell did that come from?'

"Well, are you ready to go?" I ask.

"Yeah, don't really have much else to grab." He says with a small smile.

"Alright!" I say and clap my hands excitedly. "Let's go!"

I take his hand and lead him out of my room and down the stairs.

"Heading out!" I shout. "Me and Fire are going to the movies so my phone will be off!"

"Keep the emergency function on!" Dad yells.

The emergency function is an app meant for capes. It keeps the phones call function on for select numbers you assign.

"Kay!"

I pull Fire out the house stumbling. He is, not me. He's not used to shoes. I turn around and lock the door before turning back to Fire, who's idly bouncing on his heels, twisting and stretching his ankles to test out the shoes.

"Right!" I say and jump at him. "Catch me!"

"Wha-woah!" He exclaims, just managing to do so. "What was that for?!"

"We gotta test out the new clothes!" I say. "Gotta make sure they can handle the stress of cape work and catching falling damsels is part of that!"

"What would you have done if I didn't catch you?" He asks, slightly miffed at the stunt I just pulled.

In response I just float a bit in the air.

"Oh." He says simply. "Well a little warning next time?"

"Sure, now c'mon! Fly!" I say excitedly. "We still need to stress test your shirt and jacket!"

"Kay." He says and goes to put me down, but I stay on. "Um. Crystal?"

"Yes?" I ask and flutter my eyes at him.

I have three people I can go to for dating advice. Mom, Vicky, and Sabah. Seeing as Firebreather isn't a girl and Mom would never let me hear the end of it. I'm taking Vicky's advice of 'Just go for it.'

"Can you let go? It's easier for me to fly if I start from higher up, get a good glide in first." He says.

"Kay?" I question.

"And the only nearby structure is your house, I need to jump. You get motion sick." He explains.

"Oh, right." I say, blushing in embarrassment.

'At least he thought of me!' I console myself as I disentangle from him.

He takes a squat and jumps up onto the roof in short order.

"Fwahh!"

*Crash*

Only to immediately lose his footing and slide off the angled roof. Taking a few shingles with him as he lands in a bush.

"Are you okay?!" I call out. "Do I need to call Amy?!"

"I hate shoes!" He just yells from one of the bushes.

"Yeah, that's fair." I sigh out.

That's fine though. He has cool feet anyway. Hate for them to be always covered up.




Turns out me being the fastest flier, not including Purity, is still accurate. Fire can fly about as fast as Vicky or Eric.

"Come on slowpoke!" I call back to him.

"I'm normally a lot faster than this!" He says as he surges forward, straining to catch up with me. "It's all these air currents flowing between the buildings! They're screwing with me!"

"Excuses!" I call back. "You just don't want to admit to being beat by a girl!"

"Oh yeah?! Fly up past the roofs!" He calls. "I'll show you!"

I roll my eyes and decide to indulge him.

"Alright you big baby!" I say and angle up, hard turns leave me queasy.

We make it past the skyscrapers and he immediately catches up to me.

"Wait what?!" I call out.

"I told you!" He says, continuing to go faster as he starts to overtake me. "The wind from the buildings was messing with me! I had to keep readjusting and constantly had currents pushing against me!"

I speed up to catch him. He just smirks at me and with a powerful flap of his wings, he shoots past.

"Come on slowpoke!" He calls back.

I literally cannot fly faster. My speed is capped out. And I'm pretty sure we just passed the movie theater.

"Fire!" I call to him. "Slow down!" I call.

Also, my clothes are not meant for this. I'm in a light blue flounce sleeve blouse with white skinny jeans.

"What's the matter?!" He calls back with a smile. "Can't keep up?!"

"We passed the movie theater!" I yell to him.

We really need headsets or bluetooth or something for when we're flying.

He abruptly stops and I nearly crash into him.

"Oh." He says as he hovers around. "Sorry."

"It's fine." I say. "Just follow me."

I turn around and glide back to the theater. Getting an idea, I glance back to see where he's looking.
Straight ahead. He's got a hot girl in front of him, ass up in the direction we're gliding. And he's not looking! I don't know if I should be grateful he's not a perv, or insulted.

'Notice me!' I internally rage.




Firebreather POV


'Don't stare. Don't stare.' I keep telling myself. 'She's been nothing but nice and accommodating. Don't piss her off by staring at her ass.'




Kitsu POV


'Huh?' I think at the odd sound as we step through the doors. It sounds like wings flapping. But larger.
I discard focusing on it in favor of heading to the counter with all the snacks.

"Alright, one snack aside from popcorn." Dad says. "These things are overpriced as all hell."

"Well of course they are." I say. "They have to be for the theater to make a profit."

"What do you mean?" Missy asks.

"For the first few weeks a theater shows a new movie, almost all of that money goes to the studio it's licensed from." I explain. "It's only after the third or fourth week that the tickets start making money for the theater. So they upcharge on the food to help them break even in the first week, and make a profit the rest of the time."

"Your thinker power tell you that?" Dad asks.

"Nope!" I say cheerfully as we reach the cashier. "Google did!"

"Holy crap!" The guy says with a smile. "My girlfriend loves you two! Can I get a picture?" He asks.

At least he's not kicking me out and making remarks about me being a pet. Oddly enough I haven't gotten a lot of those remarks lately. It feels like not too long ago that was all I got. Aside from a few people who would fawn over my appearance.

And the occasional pedophile trying to snatch me up. Seriously, this world could use a parahuman Chris Hansen. He could use a name like, I got nothing. It'd still be cool though!

"I don't mind if you don't." I tell Missy as I keep clung to her arm.

She has a practiced smile on. Similar to the lady in the ticket booth. The kind you see on people that are required to smile. The motion is there but there's no joy behind the eyes.

'She hates the attention our relationship attracts.' I realize.

"I'm alright with it." She says evenly.

"Thank you!" He says as he pulls out his phone and snaps a picture of us.

I of course kiss my girlfriends cheek to get a more genuine smile out of her. I may enjoy the attention, but she clearly doesn't. Might as well make it something she doesn't hate.

"Great!" He says as he puts his phone away. "What can I get you? On the house."

"One of everything!" I say excitedly with zero hesitation.

"I, can't do that." He says awkwardly. "How about two things? And free drinks."

"But you said." I start as I give him puppy dog eyes.

"Knock it off sweetie." Dad says. "A pack of Twizzlers and a large popcorn. Along with three large drinks."

"Coming right up!" He says as he opens the cabinet to grab the Twizzlers.

"Twizzlers are your favorite." I accuse as I turn to look at him.

"Free is free." He says with that damnable smirk Mom always complains about. "Besides, ya snooze ya lose."

"Oh, you sneak!" I say in response to the growing irritation in me.

"You'll still get your snack." He says. "Don't worry. Now tell the guy what you want."

"Mountain Dew!" I say.

"Root beer for her." Dad says. "You do not need all that sugar and caffeine, your energetic enough as is."

"Jerk." I mutter under my breath.

"Cherry Pepsi." Missy says.

"Fanta orange for me." Dad says.

The guy nods his head and gets to work fixing our order.

"Uncle Mark?" I hear behind us.

Turning around, I see Crystal and Firebreather standing a few spots down in the line. And holy crap! She's dressed up! Wearing white skinny jeans, a light blue top with a scoop neck collar and flowy arms. A thin gold necklace with small white flowers along it, her hair is in a meticulous side swept braid as well.
And I can guarantee she's wearing a push up bra.

Firebreather is wearing his standard jeans, though they're now devoid of any dust or grime. A tight green tee, hoodless red jacket, and red sneakers.

"Crystal?" Dad says, turning to them. "Come on over! We kept your spot for you!"

"You sneaky man." I say as I squint at him. Then give a small nod. "I approve."

He rolls his eyes with a smirk as they make their way over.

"Vista, Kitsu? What're you doing here?" She asks as her and Firebreather join up with us.

"Date!" I say as I pull Missy closer to me. Leaning up, and slightly tugging her down, to nuzzle her cheek.

"Eep!" She squeaks at the sudden PDA.

"Chaperone." Dad says.

"What about you?" I ask with a teasing smile. "Did the dragon capture his princess?"

Crystal's face blooms in a massive blush as a small smile spreads across her face. While Firebreather cocks an eyebrow in confusion. He still doesn't get that people associate his looks as being draconic.
I'm not going to be the one to tell him. His confusion anytime someone brings it up is hilarious.

"Something like that." Crystal says in a low tone as she looks to the side.

"Crystal's just taking me to see a movie since I've never seen one." He says with a shrug.

'Is this how it felt to watch me with Missy?' I wonder. 'I mean, it only lasted a day, but still.'

"Which movie are you watching?" I ask.

"How To Train Your Dragon." He says with a smile.
Me and Missy turn to stare at Crystal. She just purses her lips as she doesn't meet our eyes.

"I suggested it as a joke." She says defensively.

"I thought you were being serious." Firebreather says as he looks to her.

"Here you guys go." The cashier says as he sets our order down. "Enjoy the movie."

"Well, that's our cue." Dad says as he grabs his Twizzlers and drink.

I let go of Missy's arm and grab my drink and the popcorn while Missy grabs her drink. I have to enhance my strength a bit to hold my drink in one arm while I keep hold of the popcorn in the other.

"Do you want me to hold your popcorn for you?" Dad asks.

"I'm good!" I say as we walk away from the line and Crystal with her date.

Though I'm pretty sure only one of them sees it as a date.




-Meanwhile, South America, Orinoco Basin-




Johnathan "Charlie-1" Espinosa POV


*Crick*

Swinging my gun to the direction, I hold in anticipation of an attack. My squad mates doing the same as we all face the direction of the sound. Some in the back looking up to check the trees, checking the above and keeping their guns from being pointed at their squad mates backs. While one man looks behind us to cover our six.

...

*Krzzt*

"Charlie one, this is Alpha squad, report in. Over." I hear the radio go off.

I bring a hand up to radio in and respond.

"This is Charlie one, Code Yellow, on guard, unknown sound from unknown distance. Maintaining aim and guard. Over."

"Copy that, report in when threat has passed. Out."

"Out." I confirm and bring my hand from the radio.

After a few seconds of nothing, I lower my gun and bring my fist up. Making the call to lower arms.
I click the radio again.

"Charlie one to Alpha. Code Green. False alarm. Over." I say.

"Copy. What is your current location? Over."

"Current location puts us roughly two klicks west of the main Orinoco river, twelve klicks south of the delta. Over." I answer.

"Copy, make rounds back to base. Rest up and head out at twenty three hundred hours. Out."

"Copy. Out." I say and click the radio off.

"Round up, we're heading back." I tell the squad.

"Copy." I hear from them.

*Russle*

Once again, we go through the motions of our guard check. Only this time, it's worse. The jungle is eerily quiet. No sounds of birds or skittering insects. Which is never a good sign.

*Snap* "SHIT!" *Crash*

In a blinding speed our rear guard is killed as a tree gets snapped and slams into him. Leaving him a crumpled, bloody mess on the forest floor. All of us moving to face the direction the tree fell.

Only to find nothing.

*Snap*

Swinging to the sound on our left we catch a glimpse of orange as whatever it was disappears.

"Hold fire!" I shout. "This may be our target! Fan out and flank!"

Doing so, the group of ten, formerly eleven, men fan around me in pairs, with one pair staying behind. Scouring the surroundings.

"Clear!" Charlie three calls.

"Clear!" Charlie five.

"Clear!" Charlie seven.

"Sir, I think it fled." Charlie eight says next to me.

"Fuck!" I curse in frustration. "Round up! We're leaving now.

I think back on the task at hand and our current target. A Case 53 that's been roaming wild around the Orinoco basin.

We've been out here for a week. Ever since day two we've lost at least one person every day. The local tribes and people call him the fairy of the forest. And revere him as a guardian after a jaguar that had killed a little girl was found strung up dead in the center of the village the little girl belonged to. The only clue it was him being, and I quote, "His thunderous rage at the murder of an innocent little girl could be heard as it called cackles from the spirits of storms." Or some shit like that.

That and it was a muddy village, so his footprints were leading to and away from it.

It's not the only case of an avenged death perpetrated by the man either. He's become a guardian deity to some of the Warao people. So getting their help is a no go. They revere the jungle, and view him as its spirit made manifest.




??? POV

I've been stalking the invaders for days. They mean nothing but harm to the kind ones. They carry shiny black tools of pain. Not unlike the others. The others came and demanded tribute. Those who didn't pay in trade, paid in blood.

I made sure they come here no more. No one will hurt the kind ones.

These ones are different, they wear odd clothes and are quieter than the others. They have not hurt the small ones, or the kind ones. But they carry the same tools of death and pain. The sound of a tree snapping, with the quick flash of lightning. They shoot out little beads that hurt as hard as the ants bite.

If they will not drop their tools, they will leave, if they will not leave, they will die.

I will protect the kind ones and the small ones. At all costs.




-Movie Theater-




Missy "Vista" Biron POV


I once again find myself unable to pay attention to the movie. The reason being? There are no open back seats in the theater.

So Kitsu opted to sit in my lap!

She is so warm! And soft. I know we cuddle every weekend, but I just can't get enough! She's leaned back, using me as a recliner of sorts as her tail rests to the side in Mr. Dallon's lap. She's holding the popcorn and is occasionally feeding me as well!

The only thing that could make this better is if we had the theater to ourselves.

"Hrm!"

Kitsu just hopped up and scooted to sit in my lap sideways! Resting her head against my shoulder as she munches on popcorn. I hold her tighter as I try to calm myself down. Of course I fail. And I feel myself heat up in excitement, then in embarrassment right after.

I'm in a packed theater for Christ's sake! This is both heaven, and hell.




-Boardwalk-




Vergil "Static Shock" Hawkins POV


Hovering over the city streets is actually rather calming. It's one of my favorite things, patrol that is. Doesn't hurt when it's a quiet night. Though things tend to be quiet this time of year. Until the start of summer break that is. Then shit hits the fan and crime skyrockets for a month. The beginning of each season is always the worst.

At least in Dakota it was.

"So, what's it like working with your cousin? You excited?" Chris asks as he 'skates' beside me.

"You clearly ain't met'r yet." I grumble.

"Yikes. That bad?" He asks. "Some sort of sibling rivalry or is she just, y'know, a bitch."

"Aye man, she's still family." I say as shoot him a glare. But yeah." I relent with a sigh. "The second one."

"Sorry to hear it man." Chris says empathetically as we take a turn to avoid the stoplights.

Not allowed to hover above those on patrol. Too distracting for the drivers, so we take to the alleyways.

"It's alright. No point denying the truth." I tell'em. "Sides, she'll be on our team soon enough."

"She's not going to Whetstone?" He asks. "Don't most, problematic, Wards get sent there first?"

We hook a right and continue our path down the road, we can't leave the boardwalk till Missy's done with her date. Considering we're supposed to be on patrol together.

"They do, but Daredevil offered to personally deal with her till he heads back to New York in the summer." I answer. "He's training her to be a espionage specialist like him."

"Shit. He is?" He exclaims in surprise. "What's his power? Are they similar or something?"

"Not at all." I say as we make our way back past the movie theater. "Parently he's got like three sixty degree vision or some such."

Chris is quiet for a bit after that. Likely thinking on the uses of such an ability. Chris is a lot like Rich when it comes down to it. Maybe I should introduce them. Who knows, they might come up with some cool gear. With Rich's specialty of compartmentalization, Chris's in modularity, and Armsmaster in miniaturization and efficiency?

I just got a headache.




-8pm, Movie end-




Kitsu POV


"That was a good movie." I say as I hop out of Missy's lap and stretch up. "Can't wait for the sequel."

"There's a sequel?" Missy asks. "How? The movie's only been out a month or so."

'Shit!' I think to myself at the slip of meta knowledge. 'Think!'

I enhance my perception to think faster and come up with a way out of this.

"It's a very good movie." I say. "It'll get a sequel. Even if I have to bankroll it."

"Your not bankrolling a studio just to get a sequel to a movie you like." Dad says with a roll of his eyes. Likely not believing me to be serious.

I'm not, I know it'll get a sequel. It's just a matter of surviving to get to that point.

"Well, it's time to head home kiddo." Dad says. "Vista, you good?"

I look to Missy, who still hasn't gotten up. A blush on her face.

"I uh, my legs fell asleep." She says lightly.
Oh, oops.

"I can carry you~" I tease.

"I'm good!" She says quickly, her blush intensifying.

'Aww~' I think to myself as put my hands on the arm rests and lean up to her.

"Is my Vista shy?" I tease.

"W-well, it's just there are people." She deflects, stuttering and fidgeting as she looks away. "And some are staring."

She gets so adorably shy when others are around! I love it!

"Let them stare." I say and lean forward to plant a kiss on her nose. "All they get to see is how much I love my Vista."

"I, I, I, you." She stutters as she brings her hands up to cover her blushing face. Squealing in embarrassment.

"Alright, come one kiddo." Dad says as he picks me up. "Anymore and I'm sure she'll melt."

"But she's so cute like this!" I protest. Intent on teasing her as much as I can get away with.

"Yeah, but if you keep this up we'll be here for the start of the next movie." He says as he sets me down on the other side of him, facing the exit to the aisle. "Come on. We promised Carol we'd be back by nine."

"Fine!" I relent. "Vista, are you coming?" I ask, looking back to the still blushing girl.

"Huh?!" She squeaks. "Um, yeah!"

She hops up on slightly stiff legs. And hobbles over to follow us as she regains the feeling in her legs.
We make our way out and find Crystal and Firebreather in the lobby. Crystal has an, odd, smile. And Firebreather, looks the usual. Excitedly chatting about the movie he just saw.

I focus in to hear what they're saying.

"I think if I practice I could totally make a stream of plasma." He says as he tosses his empty cup in the trash can.

"Well~" Crystal says. "I'm more than happy to help you out with that. How about tomorrow? I can meet you in the woods?" She suggests, crossing her arms behind her back and puffing out her chest.

"Sure!" He says excitedly. "Just fly above the woods at noon and I'll find you."

'Oh.' I realize with a blush.

"Well, before that. Why don't you fly me home?" She asks as she walks forward and grabs his arm, pressing herself into him. All but shoving her boobs into his arm.

"Um sure, I guess." He says suddenly confused.

'She's practically throwing herself at you!' I scream in my head. 'Take a hint! I've spotted five!'

I stop focusing on Ms. Obvious and Mr. Oblivious before I rage quit on life. Preferring to just live in the moment as I turn around and circle behind Dad to walk next to Missy. Doing the same arm body press thing Crystal is doing.

"Eep!" Missy squeaks.

Only I get the proper reaction out of my paramour. Ha! Point for me in this non existent love game rivalry!

I need to find an actual hobby.

"Something the matter?" I ask as I nuzzle Missy's shoulder.

"No!" She says with a voice crack.

And I think I found it. Embarrassing Missy.
Not long after we find ourselves in front of our house, with the roof of a random building in front of our door.

Her power is weird. And scary.

"Alright, well kiddo. Say goodnight." Dad says as we reach the door.

I have a better idea.




Missy "Vista" Biron POV


"I had fun tonight." I say softly as I prepare to leave.

"Me too." She says as she looks down with a shy smile and a blush. Twisting her foot into the concrete, hands behind her back as her ears splay back and her tail twitches awkwardly.

"Are you okay?" I ask nervously.

"Um, yeah, it's just. Well." She says slowly. Not meeting my eyes.

'I didn't do anything wrong did I?' I think anxiously. 'Oh god, she can manipulate biology! She was touching me almost all night! Did she see, oh god does she think I'm some sort of perv for getting excited when she was in my lap and feeding me?! Is she going to break up with me for being a gross pervert!?'

My thoughts all come to a roaring and screeching halt as she steps forward and leans up to kiss me.

Actually kiss me! On the lips! Mine! Hers! Soft!

It ends after not even a second and she's gone. Rushing to the door in a burst of speed, opening it and slamming it shut behind her. Leaving me to mentally restart on the porch.

"You okay?" Mr. Dallon asks.

Oh yeah, he's here too.

"Yeah!" My voice cracks.

He chuckles and pats me on the shoulder.

"Well, you have teammates to get back to and the roof you warped is slowly starting to reel back." He says as I register the whirlwind of emotions going on in me.

"Huh?" Is my intelligent response.

Turning around I see the roof slowly recede. Squishing it back in front of me, I step on it and let it go back. I then squish space again and walk forward to the roof of the movie theater.

"That was my first kiss." I say out loud. "She kissed me."

My chest blooms in a fluttering heat as I start giggling at the memory. Already getting lost in my thoughts as I remember how nervous and shy she was!

'She was so adorable about it!' I think as I squeal out loud. 'The way she was blushing and looking at the ground! Aaah!'

I want to go back and kiss her back! Oh if only I had some kind of warning or sign! I would've held her and savored the moment!

I'm still reminiscing on the very recent and very brief memory when Vergil and Chris come to collect me to finish our patrol.

"Someone looks like they had fun." Chris teases as he comes to a stop and collapses his hover board back into pulse pistols.

"Yeah~" I absentmindedly respond.




-Monday, May 3rd, Undersiders Hideout-




Brian "Grue" Laborn POV


"You're sure this'll work out?" I ask Lisa.

"About, eighty five percent sure." She answers as she steps away from the newly arrived thief for hire. Leaving him to chat with Reiko and Alec at the couch.

"What's the boss gotta say about all this?" I ask.

"He's willing to foot the bill for Rachel's rescue, but not to keep him on board." She answers. "Gambit doesn't do long term contracts unless there's a major payout, and he requires a goal to complete. He's strictly freelance and doesn't do retention."

"That's-" I start.

"Not what you were asking?" She finishes for me as she sits at the counter, flashing me her signature vulpine grin. "I know, but it's all I can give you."

She's doing that thing were she shows she's the smartest in the room. And wants those around her to know it.

Annoying, but not worth starting a fight over.

"Hey now, not ta rush ahead but, when are we going for this?" Gambit asks.

"The transport will happen in two days, afternoon. Along the standard route to the courthouse." Lisa answers.

"Who can we expect to encounter?" I ask, crossing my arms.

"Assault and Battery won't be there, neither will the Wards." Lisa answers. "They won't put them in a position where there's an increased chance of facing a cape. And since Vista will be on patrol that day, we can rule out Kitsu being there."

"Chagren, What's the little fox gotta do with this?" Gambit asks.

"The fox is dating Vista." Alec answers. "Damn near anytime Vista is on patrol Kitsu is there as well."

"How sure are you that Kitsu won't be there?" I ask, facing off against the Endstopper is not on my bucket list. While I'm sure my darkness could disorientate her, she can easily speed out of range and do what she did in Eagleton and just dice the area until I'm mincemeat.

"I, can't tell where she will be. I keep getting nonsense." Lisa says. "But I know Vista will want Kitsu to be with her. And Vista won't be near the transport."

"Um, what do you mean, nonsense?" Reiko asks.

"Well, I'm trying right now. And it says Kitsu is most likely at Captains hill." Lisa answers.

"Why would she be there?" Alec asks.

"No reason." Lisa answers before wincing. "Now she's at Brockton Bay College."

"How?" I ask. She's fast, but not that fast.

"Exactly, anytime I try with her, I get contradictions, misfire's, or rabbit holes of speculation." Lisa explains. "I'd chalk it up to a stranger power, but sometimes it's accurate."

"So, we can't even deduce whaz true, by deduce'n whaz wrong, because it ain't all wrong?" Gambit asks as he takes a seat in the recliner.

"Exactly, if it was always wrong, I could just be like. Oh! She's definitely not at Captains hill, or Brockton Bay College." Lisa says in frustration. "But no, it's so inconsistent that when I try to figure out why it's inconsistent, I get headaches."

"Mo chagren, didn't mean ta offend." Gambit says.

"Let's get back on track." I say. "The plan? We still need one."

"Right, well, we can start with the route." She says. "They expect us to try something. So they won't be changing the standard route."

"What about decoys? Send a transport truck down the normal route and have covert one take another." Gambit says, bringing up a good point.

"They wouldn't risk the resources." Lisa says with a shake of her head. "They don't have the capes to equally divert and we're considered small time to them."

"So they're expecting us?" Reiko adds. "Why walk into a trap?"

"A good point." I back up.

"They're not expecting Gambit." Lisa counters. "Miss Militia and Armsmaster are ill-equipped to deal with his power. Armsmaster is our biggest hang up here, but we can team up on him and force a retreat or make him hang back."

"So where're we doin this for?" Gambit asks.

"The midway point, right on the edge of the boardwalk bordering the commercial district." Lisa informs. "It's a high traffic area, the PRT will be slowed down and be forced to hold back or risk civilian lives and collateral damage."

We continue like this, fleshing out the plan.




-Wednesday, May 5th, 2pm, Transport Truck, en route to courthouse-




Kitsu POV


"You don't have to be here." Rachel says, head down and looking to the floor as she's stuck behind the bars. "I'm not going to run."

"I want to be." I inform her. "And I don't think you will."

Rachel has been compliant the entire time after our talk where I proved she wasn't a sociopath. The results of lie detector tests aren't admissible as evidence. But the fact that she got through it flawlessly allows her sociopathy diagnoses to be called into question. And it helps Daredevil to work out a way to prove it in court.

She still needs a trial, that doesn't change. But now she has a defense and a chance for probation with good behavior. Daredevil says it'll likely be contingent on her attending behavioral therapy.

The main reason she's been so compliant is her dogs. Another point showing that she's not a sociopath. She's not willing to risk anything happening to her dogs. And she knows that being obstinate and difficult only increases the odds of something happening to them. Sociopaths aren't like that. They rarely ever care about others, human or animal.

Also I agreed to look after her dogs until she gets out. And to hire others to help and make damn sure they do their jobs!

"Why?" She asks after a bit of silence.

"Just wanna." I say with a shrug.

Can't really go through the technicalities of me wanting to be their for emotional support. To Rachel, gestures and words mean nothing. Actions are all that speak.

"Hrm." She just grumbles.

"Not much of a conversationalist are you." Dad says.
He's here too. We're meeting Daredevil at the courthouse. Well, Matthew Murdock. Rachel's attorney for this case.

"No." She says simply.

"Noted." Dad drawls out awkwardly.

We ride in silence for a bit longer, the truck slowing down as it enters the more traffic heavy parts of the city. I can't see outside the truck, the back compartment is completely blocked off. But I can still hear the muffled sounds of outside.

The truck makes a sudden and abrupt stop as it shakes each of us and almost launches us out of our seats.

"Get ready!" Dad says as he stands and holds onto the ceiling rail.

"For what?" I ask as I stand up.

*Rmm*

Red lights flash as an alarm blares. Something that just a few days ago would've left me covering my ears in pain.

"That!"

"Hell's going on?!" Rachel asks.

*Krrr*

The doors handle to the back of the truck just busted off in a pinkish purple explosion, and I turn myself invisible to get in a potential sneak attack.

"Mo chagren fer the disturbance." I hear as the doors swing open to reveal a tall brown haired man. With looks that can only be described as roguishly handsome. Brown trench coat, red shirt, black fingerless gloves, and armored boots over standard jeans. "But I' gon need ya ta hand over the girl."

'Okay, accent makes me think Gambit.' I think to myself. 'What's he doing here?'

"Not happening." Dad says and lobs a green ball at the guy.

He pulls out a baton that pops into a full staff and quickly kicks back. I can't see anything due to the orb in my way, but a second later it bursts with a small amount of force to reveal Gambit a few feet away, holding up a few cards and resting the staff on his shoulder. Cars left vacant on the road as people are quickly leaving, abandoning their vehicles to avoid being possible collateral.

Well, the smart ones are. There are more than a few trying to drive out of the way despite being blocked in by other cars.

"Gon hafta try better'n that! Gotta say, the girl didn'a mention you. Wad sure Miss Militia or Armsmaster would be here." Gambit says, doing one handed card tricks.

"They're busy." Dad says. "Stay in here and guard Rachel." He whispers as he steps out and hops down.

"Busy 'nuff that they sent a retired cape to guard a flight risk?" Gambit says with a smirk.

"Why does everyone think I retired?" Dad whispers to himself.

"Well, Now tha yer out'ere, I outta tell ya, I was the distraction." Gambit says with a smirk.

'Huh?'

Before I can register anything else. All my senses to them are blocked out as a cloud of darkness covers the busted opening. It doesn't seep into the truck. But I can't sense anything past it. And soon two people come from the side of truck doors hinges and into the truck. Looking as though they held onto the truck to guide them. A platinum white haired girl in purple robes and a purple neck gaiter, hiding the lower half of her face. And a blonde girl in a dark purple full body leotard with a black domino mask.

'Tattletale, and who's the other one?' I realize.

"Hey Rache!" Tattletale says as she saunters over. "We're here to bust ya out."

I go ahead and make a series of illusionary chains shoot out of the darkness and grab the purple clad girl. Yank her back into the unperceivable mess that is the black smoke.

"Ah!" She squeaks before disappearing.

"Poltergeist!" Tattletale screams as she turns to the girl who's now gone.

I make an illusionary Ghost Rider step out of the darkness to hopefully scare the shit out of her. Poltergeist is likely lost in the darkness.

Tattletale isn't scared. She just looks confused.




Lisa "Tattletale" Wilbourn POV


'What am I looking at?' I question

…

Nothing, my power is registering, nothing!

'What happened to Reiko?'

Reiko was forced into Brian's darkness. Reiko is stuck. Brian will likely cut off the darkness in order to asses what happened.

We can't have that! The only thing keeping the PRT away is his darkness. They don't know what's in it and can't risk-

"GuiLTy." The flaming skeleton biker says as it points to me.

"Hush up I'm trying to figure something out." I say. "Hey, Bitch. Do you know what's going on?" I ask as I turn to her.

She looks like she wants to say something. But can't decide on what.

Rachel is conflicted. Rachel knows what's going on. Rachel doesn't know what's going on.

'What is happening?' I question.

Unforeseen complications, there is another in the truck.

I swing my head around, looking everywhere I can for the other person. The flaming skeleton having disappeared while I was questioning, everything.
I look around, not seeing anything.

Lack of dust and debris in middle of bench on right. Individual is hidden. Darkness is receding.

I look to the bench on my right and notice it is a bit cleaner than the rest of the bench. Though now I'm wondering what to do with the knowledge of an unknown being right next to me!

"I should've figured I wouldn't be able to hide from you for long." I hear a cutesy voice sound out before she shimmers into existence. "Did you figure it out on your own. Or did you need help from your power?" She asks with a friendly smile.

'Help?' I ask. 'What do we know?'

Kitsu, is a girl. Is a child. Is a, Cadd, ca, Case 5$ e, Case 53. Kitsu fkanfn djjs-

'WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?!' I start to panic as my head pounds and throbs.

'Unable to consolidate information on subject while in presence of said individual. Contradictions to known information causing errors.'

'What do I know for sure?!'

Lisa is panicking.

'About her!'

Kitsu is a girl. Kitsu is a xjd chi child. Kitsu has a tail. Kitsu is blonde.

'More helpful please!'

Kitsu is powerful. Kitsu is dangerous. Kitsu is getting agitated at being ignored.

I look up at her to see she does indeed have a bored look. Resting a head in her hand.

"I'll take that as your power. Something about, supernatural intuition?" She says in a flat tone. "So what do you want me to call you? I know three of your names."

Kitsu knows Lisa is Sarah.

'Is that her thinker power?' I ask to try and regain some measure of control.

…

Fuck.

"Tats!" Brian calls. "What's going on in here?!"

I turn to see him hop into the truck and freeze at seeing Kitsu. Before slowly turning to me.

Brian is annoyed. Brian will remind Lisa of her error.

"Eighty percent, huh?" He says in a judgmental voice.

'Fuck everyone here.'

Lisa is-

"Plan B!" I shout.

"Ooh! What's plan B?" Kitsu asks.

I stay still as Brian's darkness comes back and washes over us. Spreading throughout the cabin. I get picked up by large hands and put on someone's shoulder. I don't need my power to know it's Brian.
I'm set back down on the road and the darkness slowly recedes. Going back to the truck.

The truck shakes and jostles. Rocking as indents get made, likely Kitsu panicking and trying to run in every other direction.

"Damn." Alec says. "Hope he doesn't get run over, that'd be awkward to explain to the boss."

I turn to him and notice he's next to Gambit. Making sure the tied up Flashbang doesn't escape.

Reiko's telekinesis is always good for trapping individuals. And since Alec has so much experience controlling her, he can have her exert her power over what he sees so long as she's in range. Making an effective pair. Especially with handcuffs and rope.
Not much longer and Brian escapes with Rachel over his shoulder. Setting the handcuffed girl down as he works on trying to get her cuffs off.

"Aye now, I got this'un for ya." Gambit says.

He walks up and pulls some tools out of his pocket and picks the handcuffs.

"Damn, sure you don't want to stay with us?" Alec asks.

"As sure as livin' in the Big Easy ain't easy."

Gambit will not stay

'I got that.' I remark to my power. 'Mostly.'

As I'm thinking this, a pink and blonde blur speeds out of the truck and rolls, tumbles, along the road.

"Mother! Buckingham! Fudge monkey!" Kitsu screams.

"Plan?" Brian asks.

"Uh, gimme a second." I say as Kitsu gets up and dusts herself off.

'Anything?!'

… Surrender

"Open to suggestions!" I say as Kitsu gets up and speeds towards us.

"My power isn't working!" Alec says as he sweeps his arm. "Her nervous system is foreign to me!"

All of sudden, Kitsu stops. And starts floating mid air.

"Wuh?" She says numbly as she stops moving.

Reiko is using her power.

I turn to look at her and realize she is.

"I can move people?" She wonders aloud.

Reiko can move anything under a combined weight of fifty pounds. Kitsu is under fifty pounds.

'Reiko lacks a Manton Limit?!' I ask.

Reiko is incapable of moving components if they are attached. Reiko cannot move items inside a body. Reiko can lift an individual if they are under fifty pounds.

Talk about a lucky break!

"Alright, we need to move now!" I say. "Plan C escape route."

"This is bogus!" Kitsu cries in the background. "I do not consent to this!"

"Brian, you and Rachel go head and go. Reiko needs to be last in order to hold the Endstopper as long as possible." I say.

"That name is stupid!" Kitsu cries out.

"We have about two more minutes before more capes show up, let's go!"




Rachel "Bitch/Hellhound" Lindt POV


I don't like this.

"Rachel!" Kitsu calls out as she looks to me, ears down and tail slowly drooping. "Please! If you go now there's nothing I can do to defend you if you get caught again."

'She's done quite a bit.' I think to myself. 'If I go now. It'll all be wasted.'

"Bitch, we gotta go! What are you waiting for?" Brian asks.

The Undersiders took me in. They helped me earn the money to protect my dogs and try to help me understand people.

But I understand Kitsu, and Kitsu promised to help me understand others. She helped me when she didn't have to. For no other reason than she likes me. An unconditional love and loyalty only dogs give.
This will likely be my only chance to escape. But if I do, I lose any help I could get from Kitsu, and any professionals who know how to help me. If I go, I throw away all of Kitsu's work. If I stay, I leave the Undersiders, forever.

"Bitch!" Brian calls.

"What about my dogs?"
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bonus




Jenny Wakeman POV


I think this is the right place.

Ocean? Check. City? Check. Bay? Check.

River? I don't think there's supposed to be a river going through Brockton Bay.

"Excuse me sir!" I call to a nearby man.

"What the fuck!" He exclaims as he falls over.

"Oh! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to startle you." I say and put a hand out to help him up.

"You, you're real." He says with wide eyes.

"Um, yeah. Why wouldn't I be?" I ask in confusion.

"I ub, uh. Wha what did you need?" He asks as he stands up on his own, not taking his eyes off me.

"Oh! I was just wondering if you could tell me where I am." I ask.

"Uh, New Orleans." He says with a concerned look.

"What!?" I exclaim in surprise. "I haven't even left the state?!"

I've been going in the opposite direction!




A/N
CLIFFHANGER!

Side note. Cajun accents are hot. like, top five for me.



QUESTIONS!
.
FOR NEWB!
.

RadChaos897: Does Kitsu's immortality work in space?

NEWB: Yes, Kitsu's immortality is an All-or-Nothing power. Nothing can physically injure her. Especially when she activates the secondary ability with it, the zero knockback. Kitsu may seem like an unstoppable when she gets serious, but the truth is, she's the immovable object. The ultimate defense incarnate. Able to survive anything, and everything with a singular, hyper specific exception in the form of Scion. Also, her power is not inherently constrained to the limits of the network.

.
RadChaos897: What other characters from other franchises do you intend to introduce?

NEWB: FUN FACT! Firebreather, and Invincible, are set in the same universe.

Google "Firebreather The Pact"

.
RadChaos897: If Behemoth farts, will it create a mushroom cloud?

NEWB: Behemoth can't fart. But if he could, well.
Silent but deadly wouldn't be a thing with him.

.
FOR [Conduit]!
.
FOR KITSU!
.

RadChaos897: Have you ever looked up the Scaly Foot Gastropod? You could use it to grow minerals and metals.

Kitsu: HOW WOULD I EVEN GET ONE?! THEY LIVE IN VOLCANIC VENTS AT THE BOTTOM OF THE OCEAN AND ARE CLASSIFIED AS AN ENDANGERED SPECIES!
But yes, I have heard of them.

.
RadChaos897: What route do you plan to take with the ferry? Are you going for professionalism or more bio-tinkered fantasy?

Kitsu: The second option. I already have plans to make a willow tree for the center of main deck that glows at night. And flowers that glow when people are near. I'm going for a sort of, "Forgotten Vale Cave" or "Feywild Underdark" vibe. I also have moss that'll settle in the crooks and cracks of the boards on the ship, causing a soft blue glow when in the dark. Outlining the boards and their grooves.

.
RadChaos897: Are you comfortable with getting into the more fleshy and bloody aspects of biokinesis?

Kitsu: I am, but everyone else around me isn't.

.
RadChaos897: Do you have plans to deal with teleporters who could teleport you into space?

Kitsu: Depends on how far into space I get sent.

.
RadChaos: What other insects are on the list for you to acquire?

Kitsu: Silk worm. Silky silky.

.
RadChaos897: Have you ever thought of working with coral?

Kitsu: I have, it's just not easy to acquire and keep live specimens in Brockton Bay.

.
RadChaos897: Have you been experimenting with mirror neurons?

Kitsu: I have not.

.
RadChaos897: More of a question for NEWB and Kitsu. Do you remember the perfectly preserved Borealopelta? Or the perfectly preserved dinosaur egg with the embryo still inside? Could you do anything with that? Jurassic fox?

Kitsu: I cou-

NEWB: NO! NO! No! We have an entire series of movies, detailing just how bad of an idea that is.

Kitsu: But!
NEWB: NO! CHAPTER OVER! CUE THE END MESSAGE!
.
.
.
As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas and motivation moving forward. I especially love it when you guys speculate or make guesses as I do use them and they give me ideas.



Link to the discord:

discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dapperlurker, Taylor Klatt, odinori and 223 others
Newb to the game
May 5, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 34 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
May 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#308
A/N Complications and headaches

Alt title: This is definitely all Kitsu's fault
.

Extra early chapter! This is coming out early because DND night this last Saturday was canceled. So I just spent the day writing.

Advice for authors without a beta reader. What I've been doing lately to proof read my work in having Text to Speech read it out for me. Then pausing and editing anywhere that doesn't sound right.

.


-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Wednesday, May 5th, 2:09pm, East Edge Commercial District-

.

.

Brian "Grue" Laborn POV

.

"What about my dogs?"

"There's nothing we can do about them right now!" I say, using the darkness to distort my voice. "We can figure that out later!"

*WeeeWooo*

'Fuck!' I curse. The cops are close enough that they can be heard.

"Rache we gotta leave! We can get your dogs later!" Lisa calls from behind us.

Rachel looks to the floating Kitsu then to us. She looks me in the eye and I prepare to put my foot down. Knowing she's about to challenge me.

"Bitch this is not the time for your shit!" I say, maintaining eye contact. "Let's, GO!"

"Capes are here! It's Miss Militia!" Alec calls out from atop the hood of an abandoned car and starts running towards the sewer grate near the truck.

"Please! Don't go!" Kitsu calls, seeming to try and move. Anytime she conjures an illusion, Reiko spins her and moves her position. Breaking her concentration.

"Undersiders! Freeze!" I hear from my left, down the road.

"Fuck this." Alec says and takes his scepter to pop the manhole. "Gambit! Little help?"

"Sure ting." He says and jogs past me. "Ya need'ta get hold'a yer girl their sha. We ain't got time."

Rachel grits her teeth with a wild look in her eyes as she starts breathing heavily.

"Reiko move!" Tattletale shouts.

"FUCK!" Rachel shouts, runs over to Reiko and sucker punches her in the back of the head, knocking her to the ground and causing her to drop Kitsu on her butt.

"My tail!" Kitsu cries out as she rolls over and holds her rear.

"Bitch what the fuck!" I shout and let out my darkness.

It coats the area and I rush her. Tackle her to the ground and straddle her to unleash a volley of haymakers to her.

"Why?!" I shout at her as she tries to fight back but can't due to the disorientating fog.

"Brian! We need to leave!" Lisa says from just outside my darkness.

"Fuck!" I curse, reeling in my anger to a simmering calm.

I run over and grab Reiko, who's still trying to get up but can't find her baring's in my darkness. Hoisting her up I run over to the manhole that Gambit has propped up.

"Dude, cut your smoke." Alec says. "I can't see shit."

It's easy to forget that others can't really perceive anything through the smoke. Mainly because I can't really see the smoke. Just sorta, feel where it is.

"Sorry." I say and pull it back.

Alec jumps down first. Followed by Lisa, I set Reiko down and she hobbles down.

I spare one final glance towards Rachel. She's keeping her gaze to the ground. Clenching and unclenching her fists as she scowls at the ground.

Gambit hops down the manhole and I turn around to follow after, just in time to see Miss Militia slide across a car hood and aim a rifle at me. Letting the manhole fall as I cover the area with a final cloud of darkness.

"Go ahead." I say. "I'll stay behind and keep up my darkness to make sure they don't follow."

"Later." Alec says as he starts running, followed by an anxious looking Reiko.

"Stay safe!" Lisa says as she starts running.

"Meet'cha back for the hideout." Gambit says right after.

I watch them run as I feel my darkness cover the area. I walk to the wall of the sewer and sit against it as I calm myself, well I am calm. I just need to be left alone for a minute. Clear my head.

After a few minutes I start running after them. Taking the route we memorized as I follow the turns. Ignoring the smell as I look for the exit. A manhole in an unfrequented part of the city near the hideout.

I crawl up and tap the manhole twice. Not long after it opens to reveal Gambit. He extends a hand down and I take it as he helps me up.

"I gotcha." He says as he pulls me with little effort.

"Appreciated." I say as I crawl up and out of the sewer and see the rest of the crew. Already discarding their disguises and switching to more civilian garb. Stashing their gear in the bags we had hidden nearby.

"The fuck happened back there?" Alec asks. "Was she mastered or some shit?"

"No." Lisa says as she tosses me my backpack. "She chose to stay."

"Why?" Reiko asks. "Isn't she, doesn't she like us?"

'No.' I think to myself, but don't dare say out loud. 'She respected my leadership, tolerated you and Alec. And worked with Lisa. That's it.'

I'm still not sure how to feel about this.

"Regardless." I say. "She's made her choice. Tats, call the boss. We need a new hideout."

"He, already knows. And has a place set up for us." She says. "Called while you were making your way here."

"He's not too upset is he?" I ask.

"Considering Kitsu was involved? No, he understands how much of a wild card she is and knows that this was probably the better outcome." Lisa explains with a dower look. "If anything, he's more upset at the loss of Rachel."

We're all standing here glumly as we contemplate what our next course of action will be.

"So uh." Gambit says, breaking the silence. "I'm still getting paid right?"

.

.

-Meanwhile, Coils Base-

.

.

Thomas "Coil" Calvert POV

.

"A most unfortunate turn of events." I say to myself.

In the first timeline. They took too long and Bitch ended up fully fighting back. Activating her power in a panic and causing Kitsu to rage. Having enough canine DNA in her for Bitch to extend a moderate amount of power to. Causing Kitsu to bulk slightly, gaining enough weight to break out of Poltergeist's hold and fight back. Only Tattletale, Grue, and Gambit escaped.

In this one, they all escaped. But Bitch stayed behind.

Losing her will be a deficit. She knows the other's identities. Not that I believe she'll reveal them. But a new hideout will be needed. Far enough from her that her dogs won't be able to track. Not that she'll get out anytime soon. She's looking at the Birdcage. Her sociopathy diagnosis will ensure she doesn't come back to bite us. If you'll forgive the pun.

I'd put a hit out. But any hit at this point would make a trail that could be followed back to me. Or at least Coil. And the entire purpose behind the Undersiders is to make a personal task force that isn't tied to me. At least not yet.

The point is to have them grow in strength before revealing my hand. As it stands, they're still considered small time, but I'm considered smaller. And I'd prefer to keep it that way.

Only time will tell if the Undersiders are still worth the investment. And if a hit will be required. Though I don't believe it to be necessary.

I open another timeline. And go home in the first, while staying here in the second. My standard precautionary measure.

.

.

-Transport Hijack Site-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I watch as Rachel gets cuffed again and put in a second transport truck to be sent to her trial.

"Can you tell me where your dog shelter is?" I ask as she gets put behind the bars.

"Why?" She growls.

"So that nothing happens to them in your absence." I explain. "You did just turn on your team."

She's quiet for a bit longer. Before growling and in a quick motion. Stands up, screams. And slams her hands into the wall of the truck.

"RAAAAAGH!"

"Arms!" One of the squad, SWAT, PRT guys says.

I rush in front of her containment and throw up an illusionary pink, translucent hexagonal wall to act as a shield. Layering it over itself in a similar way to my daggers and making it more durable.

I stare down the PRT squad. Daring them to act.

"What's going on here?" I hear Miss Militia say from somewhere outside the truck.

"Ma'am! Hellhound started to turn violent and Kitsu is currently blocking access." One of the PRT guys says. Not taking his aim off me.

"False!" I shout. "They're just trigger happy and jittery! They need to switch to decaf!"

Miss Militia pokes her head around the corner. I can't tell her expression from the way my wall is distorting the light.

"Stand down." Miss Militia says, leaning back out of view. "Even if she got violent. She's as strong as a fifteen year old girl, the worst that would happen is she breaks her hand."

The three or so PRT guys lower their guns, and I dispel my wall.

I turn back to Rachel. She's leaning against the wall of the truck. Arms up against the wall to hide her face. Fists clenched as her shoulders shake.

"Are you okay?" I ask.

She doesn't say anything. And just maintains her stance.

"Rachel?"

"Leave." She says, in a barely audible whisper.

I stay still for a few moments. Before turning around and leaving the cab.

"What actually happened?" Miss Militia asks as I hop down to the pavement.

"She's, she turned on her teammates." I say. "She didn't want to throw away her chance at getting the help she needs. But to do that, she betrayed the closest thing she could possibly call family."

Miss Militia is quiet for a long moment. Looking to the truck with a contemplative look.

"Are you alright?" She asks me as she turns her attention to me.

"I am." I say and look back to Rachel. Who hasn't moved.

"I'll take over here." She says. "You and Flashbang go ahead and go."

I spare a final glance to Rachel. Before heading back to Dad, who's on the phone.

"I'm fine, yeah, just got tied up with rope and put in handcuffs." He says, facing away from me.

"To think, I could've been the one to tie you up if I won our bet." I hear MOM say over the phone.

"Euagh!" I gag.

"Oh! Shit!" Dad says as he turns to me. "Um, honey, uh. Kitsu's right here."

"…"

*Click*

Dad just stares at me. I stare at him. His face gaining a small blush.

"I'm going home now." I say and walk away.

.

.

-Meanwhile, Forest outskirts-

.

.

Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV

.

"So, I was wondering if you were interested in eating at a restaurant." I say as we sit in a tree.

I'm in a cute yellow crop top. Showing off my bust and slim stomach. And a yellow skirt. My good sandals, the laced ones, painted nails. I got my hair feathered and wavy. My eye shadow and liner perfect.

"I couldn't ask you to do that." He says. "You've spent enough on me. And honestly it's starting to feel like I'm taking advantage of you." He says as he looks away from me.

And he still hasn't taken any hints!

'Mother, fuck!' I rage at my growing frustration. 'If anything! I'm trying to take advantage of you!'

I'm at my wits end. I've spent time with him, helped him, technically went on three separate dates. And he still doesn't get it. Hell this is the second time we've been alone out here. And he hasn't even hinted at anything!

Can't even relieve my own frustration seeing as Pinky's been sleeping in my room. No real time for alone time when you can't find time to be alone!

"Fire, are you gay?" I ask, fed up.

"Uh, no?" He says as he looks back to me.

I'm done. I'm, fucking, done.

"Do you think you'd survive a fall from this height?" I ask, looking down the thirty or so feet.

"Yeah, easily." He says tentatively. "Why?"

"No reason." I say. "Do you like me?"

I look to him, with a questioning glare.

"Yeah!" He says. "I like you a lot. You've been nothing but nice, kind, accommodating. Doesn't hurt that you're easy on the eyes."

I'm getting laid today! If not, I just might kill someone.

"If you had a chance with me, would you take it?" I ask.

"Uh, is there a-" He starts with an uncomfortable look.

"Answer the question Firebreather." I cut him off.

"Yes?"

I feel something in me snap. I don't know what. But it snapped.

"Follow me." I say and fly down.

Zipping past trees as he wordlessly follows. I'm not worried about losing him. In the time we've spent together I've found him to be a much better flier than me. Not on Purities level. But damn close. In pure speed they might be even, once he gets amped up to that point.

He's far more agile as well. So long as he's under forty miles per hour. He can make mind boggling turns. Twisting and maneuvering in ways that leave me nauseous just thinking about, let alone seeing.

According to him, most of his time in Nevada was spent just practicing aerial stunts. Not much else to do in the desert when the PRT of the area are after you.

Before long I slow down and as I come up upon his makeshift dwelling. A decent sized sturdy lean to made from logs, sticks, and a tarp. In it are a sleeping bag, a radio with a wind up battery crank, a suitcase he keeps his new clothes in. And a few bags of charcoal. As well as a bag of coal I got him the day after the movie.

I sit down on one end of his makeshift mattress sleeping bag and pat the spot next to me. Bringing my knees up to my chest as I hold my legs.

He slowly walks over and cautiously sits down.

"Everything okay?" He asks.

"You, are an idiot." I say, still looking ahead.

"I'm sorry?" He asks in a mix of confusion and offense.

"You should be." I say. "For almost half a month straight I've been trying to get you to ask me out."

"Wait, seriously?" He asks in disbelief.

"Yes!" I say and turn to him. "I've dropped so many hints I might as well have dropped an anvil on you! At this point I don't even think that would crack through your skull with how dense it is!" I say, having lost all my cool.

"Oh, well. I just, didn't think of it. I guess." He says awkwardly as he scratches the back of his head.

"Didn't think of it?" I say softly, not believing what I just heard.

"Yeah?"

"So, at no point. Did you ever think that maybe just maybe. The girl that's been actively trying to spend every moment she can with you. Might be because she likes you." I ask.

"I mean, it crossed my mind a few times." He says as his orange face gains a deeper hue. "Just, always came off as hopeful or wishful thinking. Didn't really think anyone would be attracted to me of all people. Considering well."

I stare at him for a few long moments. He doesn't meet my eye. And I push him over before using my flight to maneuver around and straddle his waist.

"Whoa, Crystal!" He exclaims with wide eyes.

"Fire, I am attracted to you." I say as I put my hands on his chest. "Emotionally, romantically, physically. I want you, as my boyfriend."

"Um, this feels like an aggressive way to go about this, but okay." He says wide eyed.

"Good." I say simply and lean back. "We're official then."

I grab the hem of my top and slip it off. Revealing the lacy white push up bra I have on underneath.

"Whoa, uh. This is a little fast." He says, staring at my chest.

"Not for me." I say with a smirk and shake my chest a bit.

I feel a lump form under me. Right against my sweet spot.

"And it seems you don't mind all too much~" I tease with a knowing grin and start feeling up his chest.

"Don't you want to go on a date or something first?" He asks, trying to back up a bit.

"Fire. From my perspective. We've been on four." I say as I lean up on my knees to grab his face to stare into his eyes.

"Well, don't you want to, I'unno. Couples things? Date things?" He asks nervously.

"We will, later." I say and sit back down.

Holy shit!

'Perfect.' I think as I bite my lip and go to unzip my skirt. 'No wonder he won't wear skinny jeans.'

"I just don't think our relationship should start out like this." He says worriedly

"Hmm?" I ask as I stop my actions.

"I just, I don't want us to be about sex. I just feel it sets a bad start for our relationship to be physical." He says as he relaxes. "I just, want to do things right. Treat you right, you shouldn't have to throw yourself at me to get me to date you. I'm just not ready for, this."

"I, you." I can't even say anything to that, I'm getting too choked up. There's not really anything I can say to that. "Alright."

I zip my skirt back up and grab my top. I get off him as I spare a glance to his very noticeable bulge before he sits up to hide it slightly.

I slip my top back on and smile back to him.

"So." I say awkwardly. "Pick me up tomorrow at five?" I say, the awkwardness and his sincerity calming me from my earlier, pushiness.

"Um, sure." He says with a blush.

"And Fire?"

"Yeah?" He asks.

"Whenever you are ready." I say and turn to face him. "You better be damn sure you're ready. Because I'm going to fuck you into a coma the moment I get the chance."

I plant a kiss on his lips before he can respond.

"For being such a sweet guy." I say and take off.

I'm never taking dating advice from Vicky again. Then again, the fact she breaks up with Dean more often than she gets a haircut should have clued me in to that.

Kitsu seems to have a healthy relationship, and she's proudly Bi so she at least knows what it's like to be attracted to a guy. Unlike Sabah. Maybe I should ask her for advice?

.

.

-6pm, Dallon House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Kitsu!" I hear Mom call.

"Yeah?!" I shout from my room.

"Come here!"

"Why?!"

"Because I said!" She answers. "I'm not shouting across the house just to talk to you!"

"You know I can hear you when you aren't yelling right?!"

"Just get over here." She says tiredly.

Deciding not to push my luck. I rush over to her in the kitchen. With Vicky and Dad there.

"Whatcha need?" I ask.

"This Sunday we're acting as security for the Stark concert fundraiser. You'll be there." She says.

"Why? And what's it about?" I ask. "I've said it before, but if I don't agree with the subject, I refuse to endorse it."

I turn to the side and cross my arms for emphasis.

"It's to raise money for refugees escaping the Yangban." She says. "And because Stark industries is the leading supplier of equipment for the PRT and police."

'That's actually a good cause.' I think to myself.

Kenta is a survivor of the Yangban. Not something he likes to talk about. Or have talked about to him. But he's certain the Yangban let his mother die from kidney failure as a means to get to him. They couldn't approach him directly, not without risking his wrath. So they targeted the things around him in an attempt to break him down. Hoping they could build him back up in their image.

Take everything wrong with communism, give it superpowers. And that's the Yangban in a nutshell.

"Is Tony Stark the CEO?" I ask.

"Yes." Vicky answers.

She's not wearing make-up. Probably because I swapped all the labels when she wasn't here. Not obviously. I didn't mix Ruby red lipstick with Royal blue, just enough for her to question what's wrong and maybe force her to rebuy everything.

I'm getting distracted.

"Alright. Can I invite Missy?" I ask the important question.

"No, New Wave only." Mom says in a tone that leaves no room for argument. "Mr. Stark has turned down all PRT presence for a reason. And it'll be revealed at the event."

"Alright." I say. "Real quick, what's the status on the ferry?"

"Purchased." Mom says. "I'm in the process of getting the permits to operate it as a business. And you'll be there for it this Saturday."

"More paperwork?!" I whine. "Why?!"

"Because once you turn eighteen it's yours. And you'll need to know how to do the paperwork." She says.

"Why me?!" I whine as I fall to my knees and then lay face down on the floor.

"Kitsu, knock it off." Mom says.

"Never!"

.

.

-Thursday, May 6th, 4pm, The Rig, Wards Common Room-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"Hmm, hm, hmm." I hum happily, head in my hands, elbows on the counter as I kick my feet.

"What's got you in such a good mood?" Sophia asks.

'How do you manage to make something as normal as asking "How are you?" sound so offensive?' I wonder in my head.

"I'm alright." I say, not letting her ruin my mood.

"Don't tell me you're still riding the high of your first kiss?" She asks. "Fuck, you are! Oh god that's fucking hilarious!"

She leans back against the counter as she laughs.

"Nope!" I say. "You're not ruining my mood! My girlfriend is coming to spend time with me as we patrol today and you can't ruin that!" I say smugly.

"Oh? So I get to meet the other carpet muncher around here." She says with a roll of her eyes.

'Carpet muncher?' I wonder in confusion.

"PFFFTT!" Vergil coughs as he does a spit take from the couch. "SOPHIA! YOU CAN'T SAY THAT!"

"And why the fuck not? Freedom of speech bitch." She says as she flips him off.

"She's twelve! And that's extremely uncool!" He says.

"I see what you meant now." Chris says as he hangs off the back of the couch.

*Kshht*

The door opens to reveal Carlos as he steps through and takes off his helmet.

"Hey guys! What's up?" He says as he makes his way over to the fridge.

"What's carpet muncher mean?" I ask.

*Pop*

He squeezes the can of soda in his hand so hard it pops and bursts open as Sophia just laughs.

"Who uh, wah, why, context?!" He scrambles out verbally.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

.

I walk with a bit of a skip in my step as I head to the lounge to meet up with Missy so we can start our patrol together.

I'm in a good mood because the first part of Rachel's trial went rather well. Matt was able to call in enough question to her diagnosis that it required a psych eval for her. And the fact that she was busted out and willingly returned to containment, even fighting the people busting her, only helped her more in the eyes of the court.

"Someone's happy." Battery says.

"You're one to talk." I say, looking up to my escort. "You've been nothing but sunshine and rainbows the last few times I've seen you."

"Life's been good." She says with a smile.

"That's rich coming from a baby." I hear further down the hall.

"What's that?" I question.

"What's what?" Battery asks.

"I'm like, four years younger than you, if that!" I hear Missy.

"Oh, right." I say. "Sounds like a fight."

"Okay, if we can all just calm down." Carlos says.

"Wrong move." I hear Vergil wince.

"I'm running ahead." I say and take off.

"Kitsu wait you need, she's gone."

"Don't tell me to calm down!" Both Missy and, I think Sophia say.

I'm now in front of the door to the lounge. Breaking it will only get me in trouble. And likely get my visiting privileges revoked. And Battery is three halls down.

Idea!

"What is going on in here?" I have Armsmaster's voice say and knock on the door.

…

"We know that's not Armsmaster." Carlos says. "He never knocks."

Figures being polite is what gives it away.

"Open the door!" I say.

"Shit!" Carlos curses as I hear him jog over and type something into the keypad.

The door slides open and I'm greeted to the site of Carlos stepping aside, revealing Sophia, casually inspecting her nails as Missy fumes at her.

"Why are you like this?!" Missy asks.

"Fuck you, that's why." She says without looking up.

I walk over to come up behind Missy and jump up to land softly on the counter.

"Fifty bucks says a fight breaks out." Chris says.

"Deal, fifty says one doesn't." Vergil responds.

'Don't worry.' I think to myself. 'I won't be the one to start anything.'

I tap Missy on the shoulder. Causing her to swing around with a frown. Before losing that expression in favor of surprise and a small blush.

"Kitsu!" She says.

"What?!" Sophia says as she snaps her head to me, wide eyed.

"What's got my Missy so angy?" I ask, cupping her cheeks in my hands.

"I-it's, nothing." She stutters as her blush intensifies.

"Hold the fuck up? Did you say my Missy." Sophia asks with a mix of concern and disbelief.

"Well it's gotta be something." I say letting go of her blushing face. "I heard you guys from several halls down."

"Shm mbaym." Missy grumbles.

"Hey! Cat bitch! I was talking to you!" Sophia continues.

I decide to ignore her. I've had enough confrontations to know when someone is about to fight you, and when someone is trying to get you to fight them.

There is a difference. One is attacking you, the other is just trying to start something. Sophia falls into the latter.

"What was that?" I ask and make an ear cupping motion on the side of my head.

Kind of awkward when my ears on top of my head.

"She called me a baby." Missy says in a barely audible mumble.

"So I just don't get acknowledged? Is that it? Okay!" Sophia continues indignantly in the background.

"Fifty bucks." Vergil says smugly.

That and, ignoring someone who's trying to start shit is the easiest way to piss them off. While still coming off as the mature one. So hah!

"It ain't over!" Chris counters

*Kshht*

"Okay, what's going on?!" Battery asks as she enters.

"I don't even know anymore." Carlos says tiredly as he walks to the couch.

"She's kinda right." I tell Missy with a shrug. "You are a baby."

"What?" She says with a pained look.

"Oh shit, this just got good." Sophia says as she gains a malicious smirk.

"Kitsu!" Battery says in shock.

I ignore them all. Focusing instead on Missy.

"Why would you say that?" She says in a questioning and hurt tone.

"Because it's true." I say firmly and grab her face, she tries to pull away but I just hold her there. "You are a baby. Because you're my baby."

I finish with a chaste kiss that lasts about a second before pulling back and letting go of her. Her face, a wide eyed look of surprise as she registers what just happened.

There's a bit of a silence after that. The only sound being Carlos plopping onto the couch as he takes the remote and changes the channel.

"Oh fuck you're for real." Sophia says in a whisper. Her eyes going wide.

"Oh my god!" Battery squeals behind me at the door. "I, I just can't!"

"You, I, w." Missy stutters as her face rapidly goes beet red. "You jerk!" She says as she clenches her eyes and starts play slapping my legs and thighs

"Hahahaha!" I laugh and hop down to hug her. "I'm sorry! But you just looked so cute! All pouty and angy like that!"

"You!" She starts.

"Me!" I say and hop up into her lap sideways. "Come on. You can't be mad at me. I'm cute!"

I plant another kiss on her cheek. Causing her to hide her face under her hands as she squeals into them. Kicking her feet against the counter, causing me to bounce slightly in her lap.

I hug her and nuzzle our cheeks together. Giggling at her reaction and embarrassment.

"I'm out." Sophia says before hopping off her stool and leaving towards the door.

"Fifty, bucks." Vergil reinforces smugly.

"Don't rub it in."

"As team leader, I feel I should enforce the fact that you're not allowed to gamble." Carlos says as he puts Animal Planet on.

"Are you gonna stop us?" Chris asks.

"Said I should, never said I would."

.

.

-5pm, Boardwalk-

.

.

We're strolling down the Boardwalk for our patrol.

When I patrol, it's usually at the docks or the more shady sections of the commercial districts. You know, where the crime is! Almost nothing ever happens on the Boardwalk! For one, it's a wealthier area that attracts tourists. Two, it's where the Wards patrol every day! Why would anyone start shit here?

The only exception to their patrol routes was when they were trying to capture Shadow Stalker. And that's because she was deemed low threat high priority.

"Who wants to get some McDonalds?" Chris asks.

"Sure." Missy says.

"Got nothing better." Vergil adds.

"No thanks." I say with a look of disgust. "Even with my sense of smell, I can't tell what's in those things."

"They can't be that bad." Chris says.

"Google forever burger." I tell him.

He shrugs and holds out his hand, which causes a compartment in his wrist to open and flip out a phone that he holds and types into.

"That's so cool!" I say as I watch it in action.

"Thanks!" He says as he types. "Okay, did not know that. Still gonna eat it." He says after a bit of reading.

"Why?!" I say. "I physically cannot die or become unfit. And I refuse to put those in my body."

"Cheap, taste good." He says with a shrug.

"Pretty much." Vergil confirms.

"I just get their salads." Missy says.

I snap my head to her and grab her face to look her in the eyes.

"Who hurt you?" I ask.

"What?" She asks through squished lips as a blush develops.

"Nobody, who is a happy person, goes to McDonalds for their salads unless they're punishing themselves."

"Well, I'm just trying to watch my weight." She defends.

"The best way to do that is to eat homemade meals cooked from scratch!" I say, before remembering her home life. "If you want healthy meals. Just ask me. I have no issue taking care of my baby."

I finish the declaration with a kiss. Letting go of her as she blushes and stomps her foot. Hiding her face behind her hands.

"Stop it!" She whines. "Stop being perfect! You're killing me!"

"Never." I say simply.

"Is this what being a third wheel feels like?" Vergil asks Chris as people start taking pictures.

"You get used to it." Chris says tiredly.

*Riiiiinngg*

"Whazzat?" I ask, flicking my ear to the noise.

"What's what?" Chris asks.

"That ringing sound." I say.

*Beep* *Beep*

Chris's phone lights up. And he looks to it before putting it away and flipping out his pulse pistols, which really look like red and yellow plasma rifles from halo, and mechashifts them to his hover board.

"We gotta call in. Electronics store, robbery on fourth street two blocks down." He says as he heads off.

Vergil runs after, taking the triangular metal sheet from his belt, normally hidden under his trench coat, and flips it out. Hopping on the saucer mid extension and takes off without losing momentum as it lights up with electricity.

"Idiots." Missy says under her breath, having recovered from her earlier embarrassment.

She turns and steps from the sidewalk to a roof and walks forward. With me following after. After walking across three roofs in two steps we're over the street, watching the robbery as five guys in ski masks, carrying duffle bags into a van.

"No capes?" I ask. "A daylight robbery on the Boardwalk, and no superpowered help?"

"Most criminals, tend to be idiots." Missy says.

I watch as the van folds at the middle. Raising the front and back wheels up, causing the middle to bend down. Missy's power at work. Making the car undriveable and cutting off the robbers means of escape.

"I kinda just wanna see what happens next." I say as I sit down on the ledge of the roof.

"We still need to arrest them."

"How?" I ask as Chris and Vergil finally make it here.

"The cops will be here soon." Missy answers. "It's just a matter of restraining them till they do. Keep them from leaving the area."

"Oh." I say.

A lot of this hero stuff is still new to me. Normally, I'd just knock'em all out and make a call to the cops. Well, normally I wouldn't care about these guys.

Vergil throws out some corded wire that wraps around two of them. Magnetically locking itself around them while Chris flies over and part of the hoverboard extends out to clothesline two of them at the chest. Knocking the wind out of them while barreling them over.

And one just farted while getting knocked over.

"Should we help?" I ask. "Like, this seems anti climatic."

"They've got this." Missy says as she takes a seat beside me.

The fifth guy pulls out a gun and aims it at Vergil. Firing several times.

The bullets hit him in the chest. And I hear the sounds of electricity crackling.

"Man, now I gotta get a new shirt and coat!" Vergil complains.

It likely does hurt. But I imagine he's used to being hurt. Being a cape does that. I'd list the amount of painful things I've been put through, but considering I can't be injured and I actively roam the more dangerous areas. It's not a fair comparison in levels of developed pain tolerance.

*TapTapTapTapTap*

"Huh?"

"What?" Missy asks me.

Before I can answer her. A blue blur passes the remaining robber. His gun disappearing from his hands.

"The fuck?" The robber calls out in surprise.

"What?" Missy asks again. Though now it's directed elsewhere.

I enhance my perception and look towards the sounds of the light and rapid taps. Coming round the corner I see it. Blue and black scales giving a metallic sheen, with a flat blue face on a pointed black head. Thin, digitigrade legs, lean with corded muscle. A thick, whip like tail, scaled and patterned like a coral snake in blue and black. Raptor like hands with three clawed fingers and clawed bare feet. Wearing a baggy white t-shirt and baggy green cargo shorts.

He's moving fast enough that even with my enhanced perception, he still looks to be going at a joggers pace down the street as he bounces and sidesteps to avoid people.

I cut off the enhancement as I stand up.

"Ben!" I call out, waving my hand.

The blue streak skids to a stop just in front of the robber.

"What the fuck?!" The robber calls out in surprise as Ben looks around for me.

"Language!" He says in a fast, light, almost synthetic voice and slaps the guy across the face. "There are kids here!"

"Over here!" I call out again.

"You know, him?" Missy asks.

Vergil and Chris are now looking between Ben, and me in confusion.

"Yeah, I saved him a while back and he decided to become a hero after he triggered."

"Kitsu! Fancy meeting you here!" He waves with a thin lipped smile. Putting one hand on his hip as the other waves at me.

It looks rather awkward, considering his body doesn't really look like it's meant to stand up straight.

"Does she just know every Case 53 around?" Chris asks.

"Don't say that man, it can come off racist." Vergil says as Chris zip ties the other robbers.

With actual zip ties.

"Come on!" I say and grab Missy's hand. "I'll introduce you!"

"Wha-WAIT!"

I jump off the roof with Missy in tow. Creating an iridescent saucer to hold us as I carry us down on it to them. At the same time, the final robber decided to run away from Ben. Only for Ben to grab said robber's ankle with his tail and flip him. Forcing him to do a clumsy flip in the air. Something between a cartwheel and a somersault, landing in a scorpion pose before falling on his back, groaning in either nausea, or pain.

Probably both.

"Kitsu!" He says excitedly. "Been a while!"

I notice that unlike his cartoon counterpart, his Omnitrix symbol is on his wrist with the Omnitrix watch being attached. Rather than the dial being on his chest.

"It has! I haven't seen you since the signing!" I say excitedly. "What've you been up to?"

"Trying to get my parents to let me join New Wave." He says in a fast voice as he slumps. "They finally agreed on two conditions! One, my grades can never drop below a B plus. And two, I have to finish the safety lock feature."

"Did you?" I ask.

"I did actually! Just yesterday in fact!" He says excitedly.

"Ahem." Missy fake coughs.

"Oh!" I say as I perk up. "This is my girlfriend! Vista!"

I grab her arm and pull her next to me. Squishing us together as she hugs me protectively.

"Nice to meet ya!" He says and extends a hand.

*Beep* his watch flashes.

"Shouldn't you get that?" Missy asks.

"Nah!" He says with an unconcerned wave. "That's just the timer letting me know I'm about to switch back."

*Beep*

"Switch back?" Missy asks.

"He's something of an artificial breaker." I say.

"Artificial?"

*Beep* *Beep* *Beep* *Beeeeeep*

I close my eyes in preparation. A flash of light pressing against my eyelids as I hear his bones, skin, muscles, and everything shift, pop, squelch, and whatever else.

"Eugh!" I gag. Very nauseous at the sounds I just had to endure.

"Why does it do that?" He says questioningly to the watch as he pulls his cargo pants up. Them having been pushed down due to the tail he had.

I'm mildly annoyed that he's taller than me. By like, a good three inches.

I'm shorter than a ten year old boy. Life is so unfair.

"Uuuuh." Missy draws out.

"I'm sorry, what?" Vergil asks.

*WeeWoo*

And now the cops are almost here. Finally. No wonder so many robberies and thefts end up being police chases. If we weren't here, the robbers would've been long gone down the road by now.

"Cops are almost here." I say. "Also, how come you aren't with New Wave yet? If you got the safety feature programed then why haven't you been by the house?"

"Uh, about that." He chuckles, rubbing the back of his head. "I, may have not yet told my parents?"

I stare at him unimpressed.

"Ben, go home before you get grounded and can't join."

Tis a dark day when I'm the voice of reason.

"Yeah, that's uh, proba-"

"BENJAMIN KIRBY TENNYSON!" I hear a man yell.

"Kirby?" Chris chuckles.

"Crap!" Ben exclaims as he slowly turns around.

Looking past him I spot a portly, elderly man in a red hawaii shirt and kakis.

"Grampa! Funny, meeting, you here!" Ben says awkwardly.

"Funny?" He says as he crosses his arms. "Sure, let's go with that. In fact, you can tell your mother and father what's so funny when we get home."

"I'm grounded aren't I?" He asks.

"Not my call." He says with a shrug and shake of his head. "Maybe your joke will help lighten their mood when we get there, you can work on your punch line in the van."

"Aw man!"

.

.

-Sunday May 9th, 7pm, Boardwalk Public Entertainment Center-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

This place is actually rather packed. Though considering Tony Stark will be showing up himself, I understand why.

I'm a good ninety percent sure he's a cape. He was kidnapped in the middle east and made his way back to civilization. Almost perfectly mirroring the movie. The only difference is the group that kidnapped him wasn't a terrorist cell. It was a private military company.

The line-up of singers is decent. Though none are any that would be known. Considering I don't have recollection of them. Except Nirvana. Kurt Cobain didn't kill himself in this timeline. And he never married Courtney Love, a quick google search shows she never existed, at least not in the public eye. Whether or not those two facts are related is up in the air.

I'm off to the side of the stage. Standing here with Eric as he's recording himself with some of the singers.

"Aren't you famous?" I ask him. "Why are you so gung-ho about getting pictures?"

"Are you kidding?" He asks. "Big music artists never come to Brockton Bay. This is likely the only time I'll meet some of these people."

I just stare up at him with a blank look.

"Nerd."

"Yeah well this is a nerd who has over ten thousand subscribers!" He boasts proudly.

"An how well does that pay?" I ask. "Not including sponsorships."

"Decent enough actually." He says.

'How?' I think to myself before realizing that it's still 2010. Content sites have yet to get authoritarian with their creators.

"Oh, well. Good for you." I say as I turn my attention back to the stage.

Nothing really happens. I'm so bored that I'm currently in the rafters above the stage. Situated between two spotlights as I listen to the band directly below me.

At about ten o'clock, the man of the hour himself steps on stage. Tony Stark himself. He looks exactly like he did in the movies.

As the crowd quiets down and Tony takes the mic from its stand.

"This thing working? The bands didn't overuse them did they?" He says. "Okay good, thank god this isn't a screamo concert."

A bit cheesy, but it got a few laughs from the crowd.

"That's it? Wow, good thing I never went into comedy." He continues as he walks across the stage. "But enough of my failed stand-up career. Before we continue this whole event, I'd like to make a few announcements! One, I'd like to thank New Wave for assisting in security. I've met with all of them backstage before coming up except one. Seems a little fox has disappeared and Brandish wants Kitsu to know that if she doesn't answer her phone she's grounded."

'Shit!' I think as I check my phone.

(8 missed calls, 7 new messages)

I set my phone to silent instead of vibrate!

As the crowd gives a more wholesome laugh at that I call Mom.

…

*Click*

"Where the hell are you?" Mom says with barely restrained anger.

"Uh, in the railings above the stage?" I say apologetically.

"Why haven't you been answering your phone?"

"I set it to silent instead of vibrate by accident." I answer.

"Get back here now."

*Click*

I hop down and activate my zero knockback mid fall to brace myself as I land next to Tony. The crowd going silent at my appearance.

He stares down at me in surprise and I stare up at him.

"Well, we found her." Tony says.

I reach up to him with a hand and motion for him to give me the mic.

"Get your own." He says.

I just walk off stage as the spotlight trails me leaving.

"Well, mission accomplished!" Tony says. "Where was I? Oh right, many of you may be asking why I would ask all of you to donate money, when I'm practically made of the stuff."

I can't resist. So from the side stage, hidden from view. I make a big 3d dollar sign appear above his head.

The crowd busts out laughing at that.

"Okay, getting somewhere." He says as I make the illusion disappear. "Well, to address that, for every dollar donated here at this fundraiser, I will personally match, and double." He says in a matter of fact tone.

The crowd goes nuts at that. Though anyone who stops to think about it can see it's a publicity stunt and nothing else. A multibillionaire like him? This fundraiser will probably raise a couple hundred thousand at best. That amount of money is nothing but a tax deduction for him.

"Kitsu!" I hear Mom yell behind me.

I jump in surprise. All the noises going on around me causing me to notice her approach.

I swing around to meet her. Dressed in her white and yellow Brandish uniform. Padded at the shoulders, head, thighs, and abdomen. The lining of said padding being outlined in yellow. With stylized yellow blades making an X on her chest and yellow protective goggles that cover her eyes.

"Yes?" I ask gently.

"For the rest of the night you're to stay by my side. Got it?" She says crossing her arms.

"Yes." I concede.

"Good, now. Watch the stage." She says and I turn to do so.

"Now that all the pleasantries are done with. I have a more, personal, announcement." Tony continues. "As many of you might be aware, New Wave has been making a comeback! For those who didn't know, now you do."

"Where's he going with this?" I ask.

"Just watch." Mom says.

"What might that have to do with all of this? Well, it's simple." He says as he comes to a stop at center stage. "I'm here, to announce my full support of the New Wave Movement, and to make my debut as their latest recruit!"

Sparklers and pyrotechnics start going off on the stage as the Iron Man suit rises onto the stage from the compartments underneath. Normally used for magic acts and plays. With Tony walking backwards grandiosely as the suit opens up to collapse around him. The eyes and chest piece lighting up.

The crowd going completely silent in awe.

"What am I supposed to be waiting for?" I ask Mom.

.

.

-Downtown Brockton Bay, Residential Area-

.

.

Director Emily Pigot POV

.

*Ring*

I let it ring. It's my damn day off. I'm not dealing with anyone.

I continue folding my laundry as it eventually goes to voicemail and I enjoy the silence once more.

*Ring*

Nope. Not picking it up. Unless I hear the damn Endbringer sirens, I'm off the clock. I get a single day a month as a salaried director to say no. I'm not wasting it.

*Ring*

"What?!" I ask, picking up the phone.

"Director, you're going to want to hear this." I hear Collin's voice say.

"I'd better." I say.

"CEO Anthony Stark is a cape and just joined New Wave." He says bluntly.

I didn't want to hear that. And I hang up before I can say something that'll bite me later.

It's times like this I wish I wasn't on dialysis. So I could just drink myself unconscious.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Every PRT Director and their prioritizations.

.

Emily Pigot, North Northeast

A middle aged woman with a general distrust of capes. Despite her attitude towards capes in general, she takes her job very seriously.

She prioritizes public relations. Breaking down any tension and distrust that might form between the general populace and parahumans. Ironically enough.

.

Kamil Armstrong, Eastern seaboard

A man of few words. Kamil is kindhearted yet capable of making the tough calls his job requires.

Kamil believes the best way to benefit the public through capes is to learn as much about them and their abilities. Eliminating the mystery that surrounds them.

.

Charles Xavier, Southwest

An elderly man of great experience and greater intellect.

He believes there is good in everyone and is overly optimistic as a result. As such, over the years he has made many questionable decisions and taken dubious actions in this belief.

.

Alan Smith, West Midwest

A hard knock man with a flexible mindset. Smith is militant and calculating. With a tendency for micromanaging.

Smith has little care for the bigger picture. Instead focusing on the details. So long as a cape is on the right side of the law. Then they're on the right track. His attitude and approach has put him at odds with the other directors, however, his area of authority is the only one nearly devoid of cape crime as a result of his methods.

.

Thaddeus Ross, South Midwest

A retired general of the army. Thaddeus has a hardcore, strict, by the books approach.

His main priority is keeping the piece and enforcing the law. A black and white view that leaves the public to view him in a negative light. Not that he cares. His loyalty is to the countries safety, nothing else.

.

Edna Mode- North, Northwest.

An eccentric woman with years of experience in dealing with capes and the public.

Her priority is contrary to that of Emily Pigot, but not wholly unaligned. She seeks to see heroes shine on a pedestal. By making them celebrities, it makes the people adore them. While also putting pressure on the capes themselves. If the public eye is on them all the time, then they can't afford to take any questionable actions.

.

Rafael Salazar, South Southeast

The youngest director to date. Got his position through sheer hard work and a sharp mind.

Prioritizes information gathering. Though unlike Director Armstrong, Director Salazar seeks to know about cape happenings. Subterfuge, backroom dealings, alliances and the like. By knowing all he can about everything, he make the calls needed. He seeks to never make an uniformed decision.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus 2

.

.

First line of Kitsu's official New Wave merchandise.

All approved and signed off for by Kitsu.

.

-Three different backpacks-

A pink Backpack with her smiling and striking a pose on the back. $23.59

Five different poses.

A pink backpack with the Pearl Clan Symbol on it. $20.99

A golden blonde backpack with a felt fox tail coming out the bottom and felt fox ears at the top. $25.99

-A pink blanket with her striking a pose etched into it $49.99

-A fox ear headband $5.59

-Replica of Kitsu's hero outfit. Complete with fox ear head band and fox tail belt. Price varying. Smallest size for small child $65.99

-Various t-shirts with either her image or the Pearl Clan Symbol $15.99

-Girls underwear and training bras with her image or the Pearl Clan Symbol 12.49 per pack of 8

-Poster of her with the captions "Be Yourself!" Price varying depending on size.

Note: Kitsu refuses sponsorship deals unless it is a product she actually uses and enjoys.

Sponsorship deals offered: 8

Sponsorship deals accepted: 0

Sponsorships banned and threatened with lawsuit for proposing inappropriate material: 1

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

Poor Crystal. All that and she gets cockblocked by sentimentality.

She's going to break him.

.

Ben is back! Kinda. Being a ten year old comes with some major restrictions to independence.

.

One of the major reasons crime has plummeted lately is actually something that'll never be directly stated.

Amy.

Her not being at the hospital 24/7 has been noticed by all major groups. And no one knows why.

A shoot out seems a bit more scary when the medical equivalent of a get out of jail free card is suddenly not there. No one knows why she isn't there all the time anymore. And only the heroes have her on call. The villains don't.

.

I intended for more to happen in this chapter. But the scenes I planned would've added like, 5k+ words and made this chapter too long for my liking.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

Grimnosh: Have you ever considered posting this on other sites?

NEWB: If I crosspost anywhere it'll most likely be on QuestionableQuesting or AO3. As for lewds. If I do any for this fic, it'd most likely be Crystal and Firebreather. Or other couples older than fifteen.

If I do them.

.

FOR [Conduit]!

.

FOR KITSU!

And Missy?

T4ndoris: What's the fluffiest moment you can imagine with your girlfriend?

Missy: What do you mean by fluffiest?

Kitsu: I don't imagine, I do.

Casanova5424: Ever thought of doing special effects with your illusions? Like mosaics or kanji?

Kitsu: I prefer to do bubble letters, I just haven't been in a lot of fights where I can let myself get distracted lately.

Casanova5424: if you could hit another character with a plagiarized move of your choice who and what would it be for maximum Lol's?

Kitsu: Omaewa mo, shinderu.

Hookwolf: What the fu- *Splat*

Grimnosh: Have you ever tried Chicken BBQ pizza?

Kitsu: I have not, just because I'm foxlike doesn't mean I'm all fox.

Grimnosh: have you ever had to fight off a quartet of green shelled ninjas from your pizza when you were in New York?

Kitsu: I've never been to New York City. But I have had to fight a homeless man for my pizza!

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas and motivation moving forward. I especially love it when you guys speculate or make guesses as I do use them and they give me ideas.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Taylor Klatt, odinori, SolverFollower and 228 others
Newb to the game
May 8, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 35 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
May 9, 2024
Add bookmark
#315
A/N SURPRISE!

Alt title: Back and forth.

.

FFN's NOTIFICATIONS ARE BACK UP! WOOOOOOOO!

*Celebration continues for three hours until NEWB passes out*

.

.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Parahumans Online

You are currently logged in: ToyFoxy

You are currently viewing:

Topic: IRON MAN!

IN: Boards- Location- America- Brockton Bay

Original poster: Char

Posted On May 10th 2010

WTF! Went to the Stark fundraiser. And CEO ANTHONY STARK HIMSELF just came out as a cape and a member of New Wave!

(image)

(image)

(image)

(Showing Page 7 of 897)

Antigone
Replied on May 10th 2010

Well, I got nothing.

Tdren
Replied on May 10th 2010

Isn't he in deep with the PRT and all them? Hows that gunna work?

Feychick
Replied on May 10th 2010

Rich, powerful, handsome, now super powerful?

Is there a website or forum to become one of his groupies?

Ohearn
Replied on May 10th 2010

First Kitsu the Endstopper, then the pink girl on Shielder's livestream, rumors of that Case 53 breaker kid. Now this?

What's next? Kitsu tames Leviathan? The Mayor is a cape? Manpower comes out as gay?

God, I'm starting to sound like the resident lunatic. That's enough internet for today.

XxVoid_CowboyxX
Replied on May 10th 2010

I'll tell you whats next! Kitsu is mastering Panacea! It's why she isn't at the hospital! And has anyone seen or heard Shadow Stalker lately? Suspicious! I bet Kitsu tracked her down and sold her to the ABB!

Gogmazios
Replied on May 10th 2010

Why? Who made you like this?

Aren Gisly
Replied on May 10th 2010

I think he was born this way. Just popped out the womb and his first words were "the moon landing was fake!"

Nod
Replied on May 10th 2010

Back on topic. If we all jump down the rabbit hole with him then he wins.

Valkyrie(wiki warrior)
Replied on May 10th 2010

What are his powers?! What that suit do?!

Yipper
Replied on May 10th 2010

Safe to say he's probably a Tinker. And his suit can fly

(Video)

ToyFoxy(Case 53)(Cape)(New Wave)(Unverified Cutest Fox XP)
Replied on May 10th 2010

Nice to know we got another girl on the team!

Iron = Fe

Man = Male

Iron Man = Fe Male

:D

Anthony Stark(CEO Stark Industries)(Unverified Cape)(Unverified New Wave)
Replied on May 10th 2010

I don't normally respond to these. But when I do, it's because it's something mind-bogglingly stupid.

Just throwing that out there #ToyFoxy

Vista(Wards ENE)
Replied on May 10th 2010

Unverified? SHE DESERVES THAT TAG!

If for no other reason than no one else can claim it.

TinMother(Admin)
Replied on May 10th 2010

Tags are something that have to be verified through an admin. And "Cutest" is a subjective and broad label. Not a fact. Tags are meant to display verifiable information.

Boo-chan
Replied on May 10th 2010

So New Wave is moving to New York?

Coyote-C
Replied on May 10th 2010

No, they're expanding. This happened like ten years ago but the movement died when Fleur was shot in her civilian identity

Lasersmile
Replied on May 10th 2010

I'm not sure how to feel about this.

On one hand, NEW CAPE!

On the other, new cape.

Char
Replied on May 10th 2010

Holy shit this is the most viral post I made ever!

(End of Page 7 of 897)

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Tuesday, May 11th, 7am, Dallon House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I step out of my room in my Dawn outfit. Hair and tail blueish black. Tall pink boots with black knee socks and a cute dark blue dress with a pink skirt hem. White beanie and red scarf included.

I wish Pokemon existed in this universe. Sadly it doesn't, and all the Earth-Aleph stuff is, off. All the pokemon are the same! But the human characters past the orange islands are all different. Ash traveled with April and her little brother Adam in the Hoen region. And is traveling with Aurora in the Sinnoh region.

The outfits are different too. So, it's just weird. At least I don't have to worry about copyright with my outfits!

Brock is the same. Thank goodness for mister drying pan.

I step out of my room and hear Mom and Dad's alarm going off.

'Odd.' I think to myself. 'Their alarm doesn't go off until nine.'

I rush out to the kitchen and set up my bowl of cereal. Milk first. I don't care what other people say, I like my bowl of cereal to be more milk than cereal.

I watch as Dad walks in and rubs the sleep from his eyes. Dressed in plaid sweats and a grey tee. He doesn't seem to notice me as he heads straight for the coffee pot. Making a pot of coffee as he stares into the slowly darkening glass.

After the pot fills up he pours himself a cup and pops his pill he had in his hand before downing it. Then another.

"Gonna go for a third?" I ask from the table.

"What?!" His eyes snap open as he swings to look at me in surprise.

I just munch on my fruity pebbles.

"How, how early do you get up?" He asks tentatively.

"Sometimes as early as five." I say through my food.

"Oh." He says simply.

"What are you doing up so early? You normally don't get up until nine." I ask as I pour more cereal into my bowl.

"No reason, just woke up before the alarm." He lies.

"Dad, I heard your alarm go off." I say.

"Then it messed up and woke me up early by accident." He tries.

"Then why'd you ask if I was up early?" I press.

We stare at each other challengingly.

"You're not getting an answer." He says before turning around to make another pot.

"Answer me human!" I yell at him.

And Amy just got out of the shower. Which means Vicky will be done getting dressed soon.

"Nope." He says and turns away, heading back to the hall.

I rush to the cabinet, grabbing the stool along the way, and put the box of cereal back. Before rushing after him and clinging to his leg.

"Answer me!" I demand as I wrap my legs around his calf.

"Nope!" He says. "You're going to have to let go soon anyways." He says as we pass Vicky's room.

"Never!" I say.

"I'll fart." He says.

"You wouldn't dare." I challenge darkly.

*Eeeh*

"Huweugh!" I gag as I rush all the way back to my room, holding my nose the whole way.

"YOU ARE AN EVIL MAN!" I shout across the house.

He's just busy laughing his ass off as he stands there in the hall.

"What's going on?" Vicky asks as she steps out of her room.

"Yu, you, you don't wanna, know." Dad wheezes.

"Oh, kay?" She says as she walks towards the kitchen.

I just decide to refresh my soul by playing with Kratos. Grabbing him from his container and setting him on my bed. Watching him walk across my bed slowly and just lay down.

"You're just a lazy little guy, aren'tcha?" I say as I scratch his exoskeleton.

He of course, doesn't respond. And just lays there.

"Who ate all the cereal?!" Vicky yells. "And put the empty box back in the cabinet?!"

Hehehehehe

I'm just on one today. Who knows? Next I'll mess with Mom and then Amy.

.

.

-Gym Class-

.

.

Six base. Apparently that's a game. It's like kickball, but on a gym court. Six bases, any number of people can be on a base.

*Thunk*

"Kitsu! You're out!" Coach Hussman calls.

"I got that!" I yell back to him.

Just because PE is pointless for me doesn't mean I enjoy sitting on the bench every day! I just happen to have no athletic ability. At all.

"Why don't you just sit out like Vicky does?" Eric asks. "I mean, unless you like getting hit with balls. In which case you do you."

"Don't make me switch your shampoo." I say as I sit next to him. "You're on the bench just the same as me."

"Yeah, but I at least got to third base." He says smugly. "Wait." He says after hearing himself.

"Still can't get to first with Pinky though." I tease.

"That is not what I meant in the slightest!" He shouts back with a blush. "And how do you know about, no! I'm not falling for that trick."

"Eric! I made cookies!" I have Pinky's voice say with my illusions.

He goes completely still and wide eyed at the sound. Before slowly turning to look at me.

"How do you know about that?" He says with a deceptively calm voice.

"Dude, it's on PHO and Youtube." I say. "You're livestream got clipped."

"Fuuuuuuck." He moans into his hands as he slides down the seat of the bleachers. "Mom is gonna kill me!"

"That's your concern?" I ask.

"Pinky's not supposed to be known to the public until her debut!" He groans, raking his hands up into his hair.

"Well, if it makes you feel better. People are shipping you two." I say.

"What?" He asks in disbelief, turning to look up at me. "Really?"

"Yep, they're calling you two cotton candy." I say with a smug grin.

"Wha, why?" He asks with squinted eyes.

"Because she's pink, you're blue." I say.

He just stares at me with a flat face before turning back to the kickball game.

"Maybe it's time to stop dyeing my hair."

.

.

-Meanwhile, Dallon house-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"Okay, streamers, balloons, table cloth?" I ask.

"Check, check, and, no." Mark says as he rummages through the tote. "Wait, check."

We're celebrating Kitsu's birthday, or whatever you'd call May ninth for her. We didn't celebrate it on May ninth due to the fundraiser and the fact that I really couldn't take that day off. That and she seemed, off, all day. Oddly quiet and subdued. No antics, no hyperactivity, nothing. The only thing that really happened was when I couldn't find her for almost two hours.

Not all too surprising when you take into account her first memory is likely of The Nine. On the ninth, when Leviathan sunk Newfoundland.

Probably best we don't celebrate her birthday on the day of. Too many bad memories attached. So we all just pretended we forgot, or in Kitsu's case, actually forgot. I don't think she's ever celebrated her birthday before. Considering every time she's asked when it is she answers with, "I guess it would be-"

"When are the others getting here?" Mark asks as he gets the air motor and starts blowing up the balloons.

"Nuh-uh." I stop him. "You're taller, you hang the banner and streamers. I blow up the balloons."

"Course you give yourself the easy job." He remarks.

"I'm giving you the job best suited to you, it's called delegation." I remark as we trade spots.

"Don't use your big fancy legal speak on me!" He says jokingly. "My smooth man brain no handle."

"I'll beat that brain smooth!" I threaten.

"What is that even supposed to mean?" He says as he laughs.

"Keep it up and find out." I double down.

We settle back into a comfortable silence as we set everything up.

"How are the permits for the ferry coming along?" He asks as he grabs more paper streamers.

"Just a matter of finalizing at this point." I answer. "The Mayor actually called me about it."

"Really? What'd he have to say?" Mark asks as he moves the chair to the hall's archway.

"Just a bunch of legal dribble as he was trying to get me to stop trying to get the ferry up and running." I tell him.

"Why?" Mark asks. "Won't the ferry attract more tourists?"

"It will." I confirm. "But the north dock is literal blocks away from ABB territory. He doesn't want to 'Air our dirty laundry to the greater public.'"

Fancy way of saying he doesn't want people to know he doesn't have this city's shit together.

"But the ferry is technically Kitsu's. I doubt the ABB would risk pissing off Lung like that." Mark adds.

"The Mayor doesn't know that." I say. "And it's not something we can advertise."

"True." He concedes. Stepping off the chair. "You never did say when the others will be here."

"Missy can't make it, she has console duty. Sarah's bringing the kids over with Pinky and Firebreather, but Neil has work." I list off. "And Gully will be here as well."

"What, not going to invite Lung?" He says jokingly.

I just stare at him like the idiot he's being.

…

"I'll go set up the kitchen." He says.

"You go do that."

.

.

-Chem class-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

.

Me and Chris being paired up is just standard at this point. I asked the teacher why Chris kept being given standard sheets rather than modified ones, and the answer nearly caused me to throw a desk at him. Chris, not the teacher.

Chris doesn't want others to know about his dyscalculia. So he refuses modified papers and an interpreter. In other words, pride. He's too proud to accept official help. The only reason he accepts mine is because I don't give him a choice. Something the teacher noticed.

"Look, it's fine." Chris defends. "I was doing fine before!"

"You get the option to have an interpreter at the beginning of every semester." I glower at him. "If you refuse next year, I'll break your skateboard."

"I don't have a skateboard." He says in confusion before his eyes widen, understanding what I meant. "You wouldn't dare!"

"I would!"

"After the hearing aides I made you?!" He whisper shouts.

"I've gone five years without. I can go longer." I say haughtily.

"Do you know how long it took me to make that thing?" He says.

"Do you know how much effort I go through to rewrite these papers?" I say back. "And news flash, I'm not in every class you have numerical problems in!"

"I've done fine on my own." He says stubbornly. "I don't need-"

"Okay." I say, cutting him off.

"What?"

"I tried, clearly nothing's getting done. So I'm done." I say and go to my own sheet.

"Um, okay." He says awkwardly.

After about ten minutes I catch him trying to peek at my paper. So I illusion a middle finger on it. And then the words. (You want help? Ask)

He huffs next to me and goes back to his own paper.

He'll come around.

.

.

-Biology-

.

.

"Kitsu, a word?" Mrs. Kindley asks as class lets out.

Just about every other biology class ends like this. And it usually ends with me getting new ideas or new stuff to play- I mean, study! And experiment!

"Whatcha need?" I ask.

"I was just wondering how things have been." She says. "There haven't been any papers published with your name attached lately and I was wondering if you were having trouble with your experiments."

"Oh, nah." I say. "I just don't have enough room for some of the things I wanna do right now." I say.

"Like what?" She asks.

"Like a Willow tree that glows or making Kratos bigger and more robust." I say.

"Kratos?" She asks.

"Oh! He's the Ironclad beetle you gave me!" I say and pull out my phone to show her a picture of him on my floor.

"He looks the same as before." She says. "What do you mean by, more robust?"

I slide to the next photo that shows me holding him. Giving a view into the fact that he's a lot bigger now.

"Oh. Oh my." She says in surprise. "How did you manage that?" She asks.

"I used a few steaks that were freezer burnt." I say with a shrug. "I just stuck'em on him and used my biokinesis to meld them together and reshape his body to what it was. Essentially I added biomass to him."

"You can use dead matter to enhance living matter?" She asks.

"I could've done it with sticks if I wanted to." I say with a shrug. "It's just easier to use animal material on bugs and animals than it is to use plant material on bugs and animals. And vise versa." I explain.

"Oh, that's, awfully versatile." She says.

"Yep!" I say. "Fun too! I have other things of course, I just haven't finished them."

"Like what? If you don't mind me asking." She says.

"Well, a thorn bush that can shoot thorns when disturbed. A tree to produce spider silk for mass production of strong material." I list off. "I also intend to mix in some of those enzymes deer ticks transmit. So that anyone hit will gain a permanent allergy to red meat!"

"Why would you do that?" She asks with a concerned look.

"Hookwolf." I say simply.

"While I don't necessarily disagree with your choice of target." She says. "As your teacher, I'd like to encourage you not to make an organic device capable of transferring allergies."

"I will take it into consideration." I say professionally.

"I suppose that's the best I'll get." She says with a sigh. "Go ahead and head to lunch, I look forward to hearing more from you."

"Alright." I say with a shrug and head out.

I'm mostly joking about the allergy thing anyway. Mostly.

My first thought was to get ahold of a gimpy gimpy. But those are difficult to come across legally.

.

.

I'm walking through the halls. Intent on heading home for lunch, avoiding Dennis and Vicky's friends.

"Kitsu!" I hear Vicky call.

I turn around to spot her jogging up to me. She grabs my wrist and tries to pull me. Only for me to activate my zero knockback and remain unmoving.

*Crack*

And for her to crack the tiles of the hall as she fails to move me. A secondary effect of my zero knockback. I can't be moved against my will. I imagine portals will work, or just ripping up whatever I'm on. But me myself? Not happening.

"Shit!" Vicky curses, looking towards the webbed cracks under her foot.

"Geeze!" I say teasingly. "I knew you were putting on weight, but enough to crack the floor?"

That got some laughs from a few passing students. Of which none seemed too concerned over the destruction of property. Likely because it's standard and expected when Vicky's involved. Anyway, I smirk as she glares at me.

"Come on." She says and tries to move me.

"No." I say simply. "I'm going home for lunch."

"You go home for lunch everyday." She says with a roll of her eyes. "You need to expand your social circle!"

"My social circle is large enough." I defend. "And I refuse to socialize with your friends."

"What's wrong with my friends?!" Vicky demands.

"They're noisy, gossips, lack personal boundaries and are super invasive, rude, and are so basic I can probably pick a random name in my head and that'll be one of them." I list off.

It's true, her friends are basically NPC's.

She stops tugging on my arm and just stands in front of me. A puzzled look on her face. On closer inspection I see she's wearing makeup. She must've gotten new product.

"Wow, that's uh. Um, a more extensive list than I would've thought." She admits.

"Can I go home now?" I ask.

"Fuck it." She says and pulls out her phone.

I just start walking and enhance my strength to drag her with me. Digging grooves into the tiles.

"Stop!" She says. "Do you know how much trouble we'll get in if you ruin the floor any more?! Mom and Dad have to pay for that!"

"I'll pay for it." I say nonchalantly as I don't stop.

She just starts flying to avoid damaging the floor more.

"What do you need Vicks?" Amy's voice answers the phone.

"Plan B!" She says.

"What's plan B?" I ask, stopping my movement to tilt my head back and look up at her.

"I told you your idea wouldn't work." Amy says smugly.

"Yeah yeah, no need to rub it in!" Vicky complains. Still not letting go of me.

"Hmm, nah. I wanna hear you say it." Amy retorts.

"Seriously?" Vicky says. "Right now?"

"Yep."

"Haaaa~" Vicky sighs. "You are the smartest and most wise of all the Dallons I know. Your intelligence and value can not be overstated." She drones out in the flattest voice possible.

At this point I'm just curious to see what this is about.

"And?" Amy prods.

"Don't push it Ames." Vicky snides.

"Alright, Kitsu. Wanna hang out in the lunchroom? I'll scratch your ears." Amy says.

"Deal!" I shout and take off. Dragging Vicky behind me.

At some point she let go and I lost her as I rush through the halls. I rush into the lunch room and spot Amy in her usual spot. Running over I sit at the very end of the bench and lean into her.

"Time!" Chris says.

"Two point three seconds." Vergil answers.

"Finally!" He calls out, throwing his hands up in the air. "I win!"

"Yeah." Vergil says with a roll of his eyes. "Just took ya seven times."

"Hey! A wins a win! You can't ruin this for me!" Chris retorts and takes Vergil's lunch. "Ha!"

"Wasn't your last bet fifty bucks?" I ask. "A school lunch is hardly-"

"Cam wuim dis forw me!" He says as he stuffs his face.

"Yeah, okay." I say. "Where's Dean?" I ask, noticing the missing teen.

"He and Vicky broke up." Dennis says. "Again."

"What happened this time?" I ask softly, not meeting his eyes.

"He didn't notice that she wasn't wearing makeup." Amy says. "So she took that to mean he doesn't care to pay attention to her or notice how much effort she goes through to doll herself up for him."

"Doesn't she always say she only dresses up for herself?" Dennis asks.

"Eeyup!" Amy says.

"Enough about Vicky's poor interpersonal relationship skills." I say. "On to more important matters!"

"And what's that?" Carlos asks, finally adding to the conversation.

I grab Amy's hand and place it on my head. "Scratches!"

.

.

So, apparently Vicky was dealing with the fallout of us breaking the tiles. Well, it was a hundred percent her. But I got partially blamed.

I have a meeting with the principle Thursday, with Mom and Dad.

Yay.

.

.

"I don't see why you're following me." I say as I walk home.

"We can't look out for you?" Vicky asks. "There could be some creepy guys just around the corner. Also, why walk? Can't you fly or, outrun Velocity?"

"One, no." I say and hold up my fingers without looking back. "Two, I'd hear them. Three, the last guy I saw performing unconsensual acts on someone, I made him eunuch."

There's a bit of silence as we walk.

"Wait! That was you!?" Amy suddenly asks.

"Oh, I guess that means he made it to the hospital before he bled out?" I say casually.

"Hold up." Vicky says as she flies in front of me. "You castrated a guy?!"

"I've castrated several guys." I say with a shrug as I keep walking. "And a few girls."

"Wha, tha, you can't do that!" Vicky cries, looking at me in abject horror.

"Hey, when a trucker offers you a ride to the next town over. And you wake up to him trying to get your clothes off, then you can ride that high horse." I say simply.

We're about two blocks from the house at this point, and I smell pizza!

"Ooh!" I say excitedly.

"What?" Amy asks.

"I smell pizza coming from our house!" I say happily.

Vicky stops staring at me and pulls out her phone and starts typing.

"How can you tell it's from our house?" Amy asks.

"The strength of the smell. It's relatively fresh and the strength of it means there's a lot!" I say excitedly. "So either that, or one of the neighbors ordered a bunch of pizza!"

"Hey Kitsu!" Vicky says, getting in front of me. "Can I throw you?"

"Nah, maybe later." I say and keep walking.

Normally, I actually wouldn't mind. Being thrown is like being put on a rollercoaster when you know you can't be injured. And the pain from landing only lasts a few seconds. But I'm in a skirt, and flashing all of Brockton Bay isn't something on my bucket list.

"Uh, um. Think fast!" She says and grabs me.

I think fast. And activate my zero knockback as she tries to pick me up.

"Hrrrrmmmm!" Vicky grunts. "Come! On! What the hell?! You weigh like, thirty pounds! How can't I lift you!?"

"Forty three, but I'll take the complement." I say. "And maybe you're just not as strong as you think."

"Fuck you!" She says as she starts unleashing more of her aura, getting scarier and scarier. Reminding me of Mom when she was yelling at Vicky.

Wait.

*Slap*

I smack her hard enough to break her shield. And she reels back in surprise, before her face starts blooming in anger.

"Aura!" I yell at her. My heart pounding in my chest.

"You didn't have to slap me!" She yells, reeling in said aura.

"You're fine." I say as I continue walking.

"Wait!" Vicky says.

"What now?" I ask tiredly.

"Um, Amy?" Vicky looks over with pleading eyes.

She stands there with her normal resting bitch face, staring at Vicky. Before realizing she's being addressed.

"Huh? What?" She asks with surprise.

"Going home!" I say and rush off towards the house.

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

"Almost done!" I call back to Carol.

"Table's set!" Pinky calls.

"Banner's good!" Sarah shouts.

"Pizza's are staying warm! I guess." Firebreather says next to me in the kitchen.

He's using his pyrokinesis to keep the pizza's from going cold.

"Vicky just called!" Carol yells. "She couldn't distract her and she took off!"

"Mission failed. We'll get'em next time." Eric says as he sets up the presents in the corner.

It's only four presents and a few cards. But it's the thought that counts.

"Are you sure there's nothing I can do?" Gully asks from her chair.

"Try and meet Kitsu at the door and distract her?" I suggest with a shrug.

"Doesn't she have super hearing? And super smell?" Eric asks. "Pretty sure she'd know what's going on."

"Well, we tried?" Pinky says apologetically with a shrug.

It's been literal years since we threw a surprise party. Not since Vicky or Amy turned twelve. And we underestimated how much time went into it.

And forgot about food.

And ran out of balloons and streamers.

I had to make a run to the store.

*Slam*

"Where is she?" I hear Vicky yell as she crashes through the front door.

Hopefully not literally.

I jog to the living room to meet her. I reach the front end of the house to see that, thankfully, Vicky didn't break the door.

"You got here first." Sarah says.

"What? How?" Vicky asks in confusion. "She took off before me and disappeared!"

"You mean the girl who can turn invisible, disappeared?" Carol asks as she crosses her arms.

"Uh, shit."

.

.

Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV

.

"And they're gone." I say tiredly. "Great."

"Aaw, is PanPan feeling lonely?" I hear beside me.

"WhatTheShitFuck!?" I flinch at the voice next to me.

Kitsu shimmers into existence next to me. Grinning, tail wagging, and just over all happy as usual.

"Didn't you just?" I ask as I point towards the direction of the house.

In response, a second Kitsu walks out from behind the first. Only for the first to speed off down the road and disappear in the distance.

"What'cha see ain't always what'cha get!" She sings.

"Alright?" I say. "So, what are you doing here?"

"Enjoying a quiet walk." She says as she resumes her walk home.

"You? Quiet?" I ask with a laugh. "Bullshit!"

She stops and turns slightly to look back at me.

"Is it really so hard to believe I enjoy quiet walks?" She asks.

"It's hard to imagine you and quiet." I retort as I cross my arms and lean to one side.

She just stares at me. Before turning around and shrugging before moving along. Continuing to walk away and towards the house. Only to turn invisible in a few steps.

"Why are you-" I start to question before I see Vicky barreling this way not a second later.

"Where is she?" Vicky asks as she comes to a stop in front of me.

'Oh, that's why.'

.

.

-Meanwhile, Coils base-

.

.

Thomas "Coil" Calvert POV

.

It seems I will need to escalate things. Bitch is no longer looking at the Birdcage. She is instead looking at Asylum East to receive behavioral therapy. At which point she'll be released once her therapy is deemed complete.

Her attorney managed to make a rather compelling case. By showing her empathetic side and going as far as to pull up records from nearly ten years ago, detailing the known behavior of the disciplinarian she was put in the care of. And managing to secure the security camera footage of Bitch's trigger.

The footage of a woman trying to drown a small dog, only for said dog to rip out of the pool while the little girl panics. Was rather, moving, in the eyes of the court.

She's no longer being tried as an adult because of it, and is instead being tried as the teen she is. I can't have that. It's a loose end I'll need to cut. And the justice system is one of the few places I don't have a hand in.

Yet.

Opening a new timeline. I give Accord a call.

"Coil. To what do I owe the pleasure?" His accent neutral voice rings out.

"I have a bit of a loose end that needs tightening." I say evenly. "I was wondering if you could, help me acquire the proper help?"

"You want Taskmaster." He says, rather than asks.

"As sharp as ever." I say jovially, appealing to his ego. "You are correct."

"He is quite expensive, as I'm sure you're well aware." He says evenly.

"Money is a small price to pay for peace of mind." I say resolutely. "And perfection."

"Well said." He agrees. "I'll forward the details to you at six tomorrow."

"Much appreciated. Onto other, less pressing matters." I continue, knowing I have five minutes left with him. "How are the Travelers fairing for you?"

"Quite well, though their leader is proving more and more difficult by the week. And a solution is not presenting itself." He says in a mix of disappointment and irritation.

"If ever you need to offload the burden, I'll be more than happy to accommodate the girl." I tell him.

Honestly, I've thought about exasperating her condition and setting her loose as a means of scaring the public away from Case 53's. But there are far too many complications with such a plan. Not the least of which being the ire of the Travelers. And with such individuals as Sundancer and Genesis. Not a landmine I intend to trigger.

And the Undersiders still need a replacement for Bitch. As it stands, they have no muscle and no transport. Finding an individual who can cover both will be no easy task.

I close the timeline were I idled and open a new one. In one I go home, in the other I stay here and contact a few info brokers. After getting the knowledge I need. I close that timeline. Content with the information I gained.

.

.

-Back to earlier-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

As I turn invisible upon hearing Vicky start to approach. I can't help but get suspicious. First Mom and Dad wake up early. Then Vicky and Amy try to keep me at school during lunch. Then they try and keep me from the house.

Admittedly Amy is better at it than Vicky. She's such an open book it's not funny. Meanwhile Amy has a poker face that would throw James Bond off his game.

Yeah, I saw one of those movies last night. Dad has them on DVD. I don't remember the name. But I ruined the movie for him by pointing out a major plot hole.

The big bad that Bond was facing off in a poker match, has a tell. His eyebrow twitches when he has a bad hand. So to cover that up, he puts his hand to his temple. And Bond figured out that he does that to hide his tell.

Here's the issue I have. He only puts his hand to his temple when he's hiding his twitch. Meaning he only puts his hand to his temple, when he has a bad hand! He's just making a bigger tell! That's not clever! It's asinine! If he put his hand to his temple when he had a good hand as well, that'd be smart. No, instead of needing to look for a small twitch of the eyebrow that lasts maybe a second, he moves his arm. Making it far more obvious.

At least Austin Powers was self aware about how stupid it is.

My internal rant over lazy screenwriting over. I'm coming up on the house and notice there's a lot of noise coming from inside. And a lot of smells.

'Citric and sweet. Pinky. Axe covering sweat, Eric. Coffee and cleaner, Dad. Paper, ink, perfume, Mom. Arid and, that's Firebreather.' I list. Firebreather has a weird scent that I just can't place. Somewhere between coal, smoke, and rootbeer for some reason. 'Flowery sweet perfume covering sweat, Crystal. Wet soil and roses, Gully. Aaaaaand paper and deodorant, Sarah.'

As well as a lot of pizza.

I decide to walk around the house to my window. Still invisible. I put my hand on the wooden windowsill and move the organic material to come out and push the latch. Unlocking my window. Restructuring the window back to how it was. I listen in as I hear Vicky bursts through the front door of the house.

"If you break that door it's coming out of your allowance!" Mom says.

"Sorry!" Vicky says quickly. "I can't find her!"

Probably referring to me. I think as I open my window and crawl in. Careful not to ruin my dress.

"Well, where's Amy?" Mom asks tiredly with a sigh.

"Crap!" She says and flies out.

I plop onto my bed. The door to my room open as usual. And I turn around on my knees to close my window, locking the latch.

"Don't bother closing it, she'll just burst through again." Mom says.

Turning around on my bed I listen for the sounds of the house.

"Well, now what?" Sarah asks.

"I'm calling her, that's what." Mom says.

I keep up my invisibility and walk through the house to surprise her. There's a bunch of balloons and those crinkly paper streamers everywhere.

I side step to avoid Crystal as she passes me in the hall. And keep walking, thankful for my smaller stature.

I come up right behind Mom just in time for my phone to ring. And I drop my invisibility before she turns around. I pull out my phone and answer it.

"Whatcha need Mamasita!?" I say excitedly as she turns to me.

She drops her look of surprise in favor of a glare. She opens her mouth like she's about to say something, but just sighs instead.

"Found her!" She shouts.

"Where?" I hear Dad shout.

"Here!" I shout back and notice the white banner above the archway to the hall.

(Happy 13th? Birthday! Kitsu!)

Spelt out in glittery pink italics.

I guess, I would be thirteen. Technically. When did that happen? Well, I guess the ninth. Which would've been Sunday. So today's the eleventh, making me roughly thirteen on paper.

When was the last time I actually kept track of that? Did I ever? Normally I would just look at the years suffix number and add two. Picking May ninth as an arbitrary date because it's the closest thing that applies.

I don't even remember ever celebrating the day I showed up. Not much to celebrate. Doesn't help that I'd be constantly reminded of it every year as a small memorial service would go out through the media. Mourning the loss of Newfoundland and the Boston massacre that happened on the same day. Making May ninth a day for remembrance and charity events.

Which honestly just adds a layer of salt to the day for me.

There are no good memories associated with May ninth for me.

"Kitsu!" Mom says, snapping her fingers in front of my face.

"Huh?" I ask, not realizing I had zoned out.

"Are you okay?" She asks worriedly.

"Yeah, yeah I'm fine." I say, snapping out of my daze.

"I'm back!" Vicky says as she appears through the door and places Amy down.

"Me too, I guess." Amy says as she fixes her windswept hair.

"Oh, you're here." Vicky says tiredly. "Well, surprise." She waves her hand towards the banner as she starts walking past all of us.

"I'm getting a shower." She says as she passes.

"Just make sure to hurry up." Mom says.

I'm, honestly blanking.

"Well, as you figured out." Mom says with a sigh. "We were trying to throw you a surprise party."

"And you had Vicky try and keep it from me?" I ask.

"What's wrong with Vicky?" Mom asks with a pointed look.

"She's about as subtle as a brick to the face." I say.

"Pfft!" Amy keeps herself from laughing out loud.

Mom turns to her, presumably with the same pointed glare she gave me. And Amy looks away, her hands behind her back.

"I didn't say anything." She says evenly.

Mom glares for a bit more before Sarah claps her hands. Drawing attention to her.

"Well then! Now that Kitsu's here, how about we start with the cake?" She says excitedly.

"What kind is it?" I ask with false excitement.

I don't really like cake. Except cookie cake. That's okay.

"Chocolate." Mom says. "And we got plenty of pizza for you. As well as a few other foods for you to try."

"Really?!" I ask with more sincerity.

"Yes, now come on."

.

.

"Happy birthday to you."

This is embarrassing. I normally like having all the attention be on me. But, I don't know! This is different!

I'm also wearing a glittery pink sash that has Birthday Girl in glittery silver letters.

It is mine now.

"Blow out the candles." Dad says.

I do so, powering through my own embarrassment.

*Spark*

They just reignited.

I blow them out again.

*Spark*

"Pfft." Eric, Vicky, Dad, and Amy snort.

I glare at them and decide to play it smart. I pinch each candle, letting the heat transfer and killing the flames of each.

"Ha!" I shout victoriously.

*Spark*

"What!?"

"Pfft." Firebreather chuckles.

I slowly turn to him, and glare at his shit eating grin.

"These aren't self reigniting are they?" I ask him pointedly.

"In my defense." He says, holding back a chuckle. "It wasn't my idea."

In response, I grab each candle and toss them in the sink.

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

We had a few games prepared. Including a few video games to play split screen. A game of guess who that ended in Pinky winning. Charades that saw Kitsu getting banned for using her powers excessively to win. From her illusions, to using her own self-biokinesis to bend herself in odd ways to assist her when her illusions were banned. And a food taste testing where we are now. We learned she likes crab, sushi, catfish, mangoes, apple butter on bread, sirloin steak, anything with cheese.

And now?

"Haaaa! Haaaa! Aaaaah!" She cries, as in, actually crying. "Wab wav that?!"

"Just some hot wings!" Eric defends. "Not even that hot! They're mild!"

Turns out she cannot handle spicy foods.

And is currently super speed running in circles around the table as we hold the plates down to keep them from flying off the table before it all stops. Her being in the fridge downing a gallon of milk.

"Pah!" She gasps.

"Overreaction much?" Vicky asks.

"On a scale of, one, to ten. My tolerance caps out at three." Kitsu pants. "And three is a lemon!"

"How can you be impervious to fire, yet spice burns?" Mark asks.

"I don't eat the fire! And the spice doesn't get absorbed!"

That's how that ended. Kitsu filled herself up on milk.

Throughout all this, one thing became apparent.

She's not happy.

Sure she's smiling, and running around with excitement. But I can tell it's an act. And so can Mark and Amy.

For one, her real smile is open mouthed. She doesn't close her teeth when she's smiling. Two, her ears are relaxed, not perked or flittering. Hell, sometimes I've seen them splay back. And her tail has not moved past a gentle sway. Sometimes going still and tensing completely for moments at a time.

The happiest she's been is when she was eating new foods she found she liked. What kid doesn't like parties or celebrating their birthday? Did something happen at school?

"Alright! Finally time for presents!" Mark says.

"Ooh! Gimme gimme gimme gimme!" Kitsu says, hopping into the seat at the head of the table.

Mark hands her the first wrapped gift. A box roughly larger than her head. Wrapped up in red wrapping paper and sealed in clear tape. It's Mark's gift.

She immediately tears into it with a smile. A fake one, and me and Mark share a knowing look.

She rips into it to reveal a small, multicolored chameleon plushie. She stares at it for a bit. Her tail gaining a bit of a sway as she gives a genuine smile.

"Your name shall be Quipster!" She says excitedly.

I'll never understand her naming sense.

The next gift is from Amy, it's a small box, little smaller than her head.

Tearing into it, she finds it's a tote with a bunch of dead frogs, lizards, and other small creatures in tubes of liquid.

"I love it!" Kitsu says excitedly.

"Just don't ask where I got them." Amy says tiredly.

That line causes all sorts of alarms to ring in my head.

"It's nothing illegal, is it?" I ask, turning a pointed stare to her.

"No, I just don't want Kitsu bothering the people who let me take these." Amy says and pulls out her phone.

*Rrrm*

I pull out my phone to see it's a text from her.

(Medical RnD at the hospital. Those are safe to be handled by people. Nothing dangerous.)-A

'Good.' I think to myself and give her a nod as Vicky gives Kitsu her gift.

I still get this uncomfortable feeling. Like I need to check in and verify that she's telling the truth. A part of me that won't let me trust her word.

I squish it down. Recognizing that it's not helping.

"What is this?" Kitsu asks as she pulls out a pink makeup kit. "A tackle box?"

"I told you they look like tackle boxes!" Mark points a finger at me.

"Put that finger down before I break it." I threaten lightly.

"In front of all these witnesses?" He says, gesturing to everyone at the table. "A good lawyer like yourself should know better." He finishes as he crosses his arms.

"I didn't see anything." Sarah says.

"I'm legally blind." Eric says.

"Is that a new ceiling?" Crystal asks.

"I'm confused." Firebreather adds.

"If it'll get me ungrounded I'll side with Mom." Vicky says.

"I plead the fifth." Amy joins in.

Mark just looks towards Kitsu.

"What's in it for me big man?" She says with a smirk.

"I'm surrounded. A house full of heroes, and yet no one to save me." He says dramatically.

"Ooh! That's a good one!" Kitsu says as her tail starts wagging in earnest for the first time this whole afternoon.

"Thanks, I've been saving that one for a week now." Mark says, losing his earlier drama.

"Just get to the next present." I say with a roll of my eyes.

It's a small box. My gift. I had it personally made.

She opens it to reveal a small, white metal locket with her, Pearl emblem, etched into both sides. Turns out she has her own emblem similar to everyone else in New Wave, it's the design on her Irida outfits tail coat, sashes things. She really does just fit in. She makes hard light weapons similar to me, can fly like most of us, has a variant of biokinesis similar to Amy, and can create hard light walls like Eric. And lately those walls have been getting stronger. Not quite on Eric's level. But enough to stop a few bullets.

She opens it to reveal it flips down to have a total of four slots you can put photo's in.

"You can put whoever's pictures in there." I say.

She closes it and puts it on.

"Thank you." She says. "I love it."

I, honestly can't tell if she's being genuine or just being respectful.

And, it hurts a little to think she might not like it.

After that she goes through the cards everyone got her. Taking the money and putting it in her pocket, not even bothering to check how much it is. Just stuffing the money away without a thought while reading the card. Setting each card to the side as she reads the next one.

The afternoon went on like that. Until everyone went home at about six. With Gully heading out first. And Sarah and the rest leaving shortly after.

With me and Mark cleaning up. Kitsu offered, but I refused to let her. We threw this for her enjoyment, she shouldn't have to be the one to clean it up.

Even if she could probably get it done in less than ten minutes. It's the principle of the matter.

"Hey, you noticed it too right?" Mark asks as he folds a pizza box.

"You mean her mood?" I ask as I make a needle of energy to pop the balloons.

"Yeah, any idea what was up?" He asks as he puts the rest of the left over pizza away in the fridge.

It'll be gone in a week if Kitsu has any say.

"I was thinking something happened at school." I say.

"Could you go talk to her?" Mark asks. "I'll finish up here."

"Yeah." I say softly. "I'll go do that."

Mark has never been good at emotional stuff. On or off his meds. He's a lot better on his meds. But there are some things that some people just aren't good at. In his case it's dealing with little girls complex emotions.

I walk to Kitsu's door and knock.

"It's open!" She calls.

I open it to find her on her bed. Cross legged and staring at the wall as she holds her stuffed narwhal.

"Hey, everything okay?" I ask as I step in and close the door.

I have to calm myself at the reaction I'm having to the dark. The dimly lit room, filled with glowing foliage and a soft sweet scent of watermelon.

'This is about her, not you.' I remind myself. 'Deal with your issues on your own time.'

"Yeah." She says softly as I sit on the bed next to her.

"You don't seem okay." I say.

She's not looking at me. And normally that'd upset me. But she doesn't address people with her eyes. She does so with her ears. And those are facing me.

"Mhh." She grumbles into her narwhal.

"Did something happen at school?" I ask.

"Mn-mn." She denies.

"Is everything okay between you and Missy?" I ask.

"Mn-hm." She affirms.

We sit in silence for a bit. And I bring my hand up to scratch her ears placatingly. With her closing her eyes and leaning into my hand.

"Did you not like the party?" I ask.

"…" She doesn't respond.

"If you didn't like it, you can say something." I say softly.

"I liked it." She mumbles.

"But?" I prod.

"But, I just. I never, I didn't know how to react." She says. "I've never really had a birthday. Let alone celebrated it. And the closest thing I can call a birthday is something I can't really call a happy day. I just, don't know what to do."

That's, I never really considered that in full. I didn't think she ever really celebrated her birthday proper, or considered her first day a good one with what I now know.

But I figured that as a kid she'd be excited to have any excuse to celebrate and have fun. I didn't consider the thought that she would focus on the meaning of the celebration and the actual day it celebrates.

"I appreciate the party, and the gifts, and everyone being here." She says. "I just, I don't like the day. I'm sorry."

I pull her into a hug and comfort her. Not wanting her to think about it too much and possibly have a repeat of when she was last reminded of that day.

"It's alright." I say. "You don't have anything to apologize for."

I stay here with her for a bit as I hold her.

"If it's alright. Can I go?" She asks. "I wanna tease Missy."

'Of course she does.' I think sardonically.

"Yeah, go on." I say with a roll of my eyes. "Spend time with your girlfriend instead of the people who spent a whole day preparing a celebration for you."

"I can stay here!" She says frantically as her head shoots up. "I didn't mean that as-"

"Kitsu." I interrupt her. "I'm teasing you."

"Oh." She says with a blush as her ears splay back.

"Go on. Today is to make you feel happy, if spending the rest of it with your girlfriend will do that then it's fine." I say and ruffle her hair. "Now that I think about it, you've never had a hair cut, do you cut it yourself?" I ask to distract her.

"No, I just don't let it grow longer." She answers.

'Right.' I think to myself. 'Full self-biokinesis.'

"Well, you can go ahead and change into your Irida outfit." I say as I let go and get up. "Just be back before nine."

"Kay!" She says excitedly.

I leave her room and close the door behind me. Walking to the kitchen where Mark is gathering all the paper streamers.

"How'd it go?" He asks as I take my seat by the trash can and resume popping the bucket of balloons.

"As well as it could." I say.

"Did you find out what was wrong?" He asks as he walks up and stuffs the paper in the trash.

"She just, never had a birthday and didn't know how to react." I say.

*Click*

"Oh, and she's heading to the Rig to see Missy."

.

.

-The Rig, 6:34pm-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"And where is that?" Vergil asks over the headset.

"Near Dancing Leaf studios." I tell him as I rest my head in my hand. Bored out of my mind.

"Uuhhhh."

"What street are you on?" I ask.

"Um, I'm on Kayan street." He answers.

Vergil still hasn't learned the layout of Brockton Bay.

"Okay, head down the street, take a right, and it's a straight shot to the Boardwalk." I say.

"Gotcha, Static out!"

*Click*

I click out of the voice recording system and hover back to the desktop. A display of the cities road system on view. With various yellow dots popping up here and there. Showing crime reports and what they are. The desk having an extendable shelf under the desk to house the keyboard for shorter people.

Or Wards when we're on console duty.

None are near the boardwalk. So none of us Wards are allowed to interfere unless it gets desperate. Most of the crime reports are in the Merchant and ABB territory. And the inner city parts of E88 territory.

'So stupid.' I think to myself bitterly. 'That we have area's we actively refer to as their territory.'

It'd be so easy to just take them over. Just put me and Dennis on it. I can warp the space to them and he can tag the gangs capes. Giving us enough time to set up containment and cart them off. So long as we avoid the leaders we can sidestep another Boston games incident.

As I'm thinking to myself, my power lets me know of a moving spot I can't effect. Getting closer and closer to me.

I turn around to see nothing, and the spot goes from behind me to above, to the desk I'm using.

Swinging back around I spot Kitsu sitting there. Legs crossed, leaning back on her hands as she smiles down at me.

God, how I love her hero costume and how it shows off her legs.

I also notice she's wearing a glittery pink sash that says birthday girl.

'Oh god I forgot to get her a present!' I realize with dread.

I was going to get her something on the day of. But then I had patrol and she had the concert she needed to do security for and I just overall forgot!

"Well~" She says with a teasing grin. "How's my little Missy doing?"

'Here?!' I think as I feel my face burst in heat. 'She's going to flirt with me in a room of cubicles with twenty other people?!'

"L-little?" I stutter out, trying to turn it around on her. "You're shorter than me."

"Yeah." She says with a teasing grin as she lays down on the desk, resting her head in her hands and curling her legs to fit within the walls of the cubicle. "But I'm now officially older."

"By a week!" I counter.

"Still counts!~" She says in a sing song voice. "So, how's it feel to be dating an older woman?" She asks haughtily.

Getting a spur of the moment idea. I lean forward and grab her face. Smashing our lips together awkwardly as I try and fail to get my heart to stop pounding. As well as tease her back.

I think I went too hard. I smashed my lip into my teeth and I can taste blood.

I separate from her. Looking at her wide eyed and blushing face as she sits back up and looks away. Her ears splayed back and her tail twitching.

"Like that." My voice cracks.

"Um, yeah." She says.

We sit there in awkward silence.

'Stupid!' I yell at myself. 'What were you thinking?! 'Like that.' You sounded like an idiot! And not only that! Now you're bleeding and are probably going to have a bruised lip you'll have to explain to mom tomorrow!'

*Ring*

We both flinch at the sound of the computer going off. With Kitsu almost falling off the desk.

It's Vergil again. I click the icon and access the channel to see what's up.

"Static Shock this is Vista at the console, what is it you require?" I say, slipping into my professional persona.

"Uh, directions?" He says apologetically.

I take a breath to calm myself. And count to ten.

"Vista?"

"Turn on your GPS tracker." I say.

Something we all have, but isn't on all the time. It's considered invasive by the Youth Guard to have it on at all times without the users active knowledge. But it does has a remote activation program in case of emergencies that can be triggered here in the console room.

His tag lights up on the screen. And I feel my face heat up for a different reason.

"You went in the opposite direction!"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

-Baumann Parahuman Containment Center-

.

.

Ivan "Ebon" Evans POV

.

Three months. I've been trapped in here three months. Like a damn animal. With a collar around my neck threatening to go off the moment I use my powers.

But what the rest don't know, is I don't need to activate my powers. They're on all the time. A secret I've kept close to my chest from day one. When I'm in a shadow, I'm untouchable. And I can go anywhere connected to a shadow.

I could easily pop into someone's shadow and leave. Never to be seen again. The reason I'm not?

All good things, come to those who wait. And I've been waiting, for just the right time.

I've got a plan. And I can't make a single mistake. Otherwise it's curtains for me and my whole crew. I ain't leave'n without'em.

Just need to wait.

"Bailiff, I've need of your jurisdiction." The Faerie Queen calls to me.

I turn 'round to her.

"Yeah, I hear ya." I say and turn to follow her.

It was either her court, teacher's school, or Marquis gang. Teacher gives me the creeps. And I refuse to suck up to a man who never gets mad.

At least she ain't as archaic as her choice of words.

.

.

.

.

A/N

That Case 53 breaker kid is referencing Ben.

He's been sneaking out.

.

The idea for the spider silk tree goes to RadChaos897

.

For anyone curious as to how Kitsu got into the Rig without an appointment or notice.

She blackmailed Dean into letting her in and vouching for her, by threatening to tell Vicky he wouldn't let her see Missy.

Kitsu has a very gray moral compass. And only really cares about herself and those she's close to. She'll do what she can to help the populace, but that's only because she doesn't want to disappoint her loved ones.

Everyone falls into one of three boxes.

Like
Dislike
Don't care

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

Grimnosh: Are you going to do a shoutout to Marvel's Slapstick? What about Rocket Racoon or Groot? Or DC's Solomon Grundy, Clayface or Swamp Thing?

NEWB: In order, I didn't know who Slapstick was, and as such I don't have plans for him. Solomon Grundy? No. Aesthetically he's just a large grey skinned guy. Not really inhuman like Case 53's tend to be. Even the more human looking ones tend to have inhuman properties. Like Sanguine, he looks like a normal boy, just completely red. But his skin has the texture of blood and that makes things difficult for him.

The others? I'unno.

.

FOR [Conduit]!

Grimnosh: How long can you hold onto an image of a shard? Could you say, hold onto Leet's for ten years before imprinting it?

[Conduit]: [Error; Confusion] [Source; Misinformation]

NEWB: To clarify that. [Conduit] doesn't copy other shards. They just study them out of boredom and collects discarded cache and converts it into extra storage. Kitsu mimicking others powers is complete conjecture on the PRT's part. Every power has a mechanism behind it. And they are under the mistaken impression that Kitsu is a trump rather than having a handful of versatile powers that she uses. Mainly because she keeps her cards close to her chest and [Conduit] lacks a true conflict drive to make her want to go all out.

Nuclear cat: What made you pick powers you gave Kitsu?

[Conduit] [Contemplation; Answer; Panic] [Elaboration; This Unit Lacked Time Necessary To Properly Examine Codes And Probabilities Associated In The Trigger Event]

NEWB: TLDR. They fucked up and panicked. Grabbed literally anything they thought would help. It's why there's little synergy between Kitsu's abilities outside of her energy absorption and immortality. Which were the only two that had any thought put into them. Immortality to keep her alive, and energy absorption to give a source of energy outside of [Conduit] to better hide its presence from other shards.

To other shards, [Conduit] looks like a half dead shard that's desperately clinging to any amount of energy it can get its hands on because it's running on such low fumes. It can't even properly provide its host with the necessary energy.

.

FOR KITSU!

Grimnosh: What kind of fruits do you like?

Kitsu: Mangoes, grapes, pineapples, I don't like apples unless it's juice or applesauce, oranges, kiwis, bananas, and, I can't think of any off the top of my head.

Grimnosh: If you can have any other power which would you take?

Kitsu: Um, that's tricky. If I could just have a power I'd pick PanPan's knowledge of biology. If I could take a power from someone for my own then I'd take Eidolon to cut off the connection to the Endbringers and keep them from activating.

Nuclear cat: Have you ever thought using the biology of a jellyfish for use in your plants? They don't have brains and neither do plants.

Kitsu: I have, it's just that working with animal tissue is a lot harder than plant tissue. Let alone merging and mixing the two.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas and motivation moving forward. I especially love it when you guys speculate or make guesses as I do use them and they give me ideas.
Link to the discord: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Taylor Klatt, SolverFollower, macdjord and 208 others
Newb to the game
May 9, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 36 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
May 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#321
A/N Flashback

Alt title: HAPPY TURKEY DAY!
Mother's day at the time of this crosspost

Also just posted Ch. 63 on FFN
https://m.fanfiction.net/s/14237476/63/

.

.

Once again, writers block hit me hard. As well as seasonal affect disorder.

.

.


-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-4pm, Friday 14th, Channel 9 Brockton Studio-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I hate this.

I'm sitting in a chair as they doll me up for the talk show. Yeah, I'm going on a talk show with Mom and Dad. The reason? It was originally going to be Mom, Sarah and Neil. But Neil has more work now due to being promoted early after Carnage killed his boss. And Sarah took a rain check, wouldn't say why. And I lost a game of rock paper scissors.

Well, I won. But Amy figured out I was cheating by enhancing my perception and so I lost by default.

"Alright, you remember your lines?" Mom asks from the booth next to me.

"Nope!" Me and Dad say at the same time.

"Urgh." Mom sighs in frustration. "Just let me do all the talking."

"Fine by me." Dad says.

"Meh." I give out a non-committal sound.

After a bit longer we get a guy with a headset and clipboard popping in the dressing room and telling us we're on in ten.

Which means ten minutes. I never knew that.

As we all get to the stage. I notice that they have the wooden desk for the host, an orange tiled floor, and a blue city line backdrop. A lady by the name of Kaitlynn Brenner, the host, is at the desk talking to some guy. A red leather three seat couch and two red leather low chairs.

None of which are open back.

'I specifically requested one!' I complain to myself.

Dad sits on the end of the couch closest to the live audience with Mom taking the middle. I decide to sit on the arm with my tail facing the backdrop as I lean my side against the back of the couch.

"Okay, on in five, four, three, two." The guy by the camera says.

"Hello everyone and welcome to The Afternoon Talk. I'm your host Kaitlynn Brenner and today we have some very special guests! Flashbang, Brandish, and Kitsu of New Wave!" She says as she waves her arm to us.

The camera machine thingy pans back and towards the center as the crowd claps and gives a small applause.

Mom and Dad wave with smiles while I give a sideways peace sign.

A shame Snoop Dogg doesn't exist on Earth-Bet.

"Alrighty then, for those under a rock and not in the know." She starts off. "New Wave has been making a comeback, with their most recent addition being none other than CEO of Stark Industries, Anthony Stark himself. Making a shocking debut as the cape Iron Man, at a concert he set up as a fundraiser just a few days ago. So to start us off, Brandish, how did you manage to get such a high profile man over to New Wave?" She asks.

"Funny you ask that, it was less a matter of convincing him to join New Wave and more of picking a date for him to make his debut." Mom says. "And you can call me Carol."

"Same." Dad says. "Mark, you can call me Mark, not the same as. I'm not Carol."

You can tell he's not used to this. Live in person events are one thing. Live television? Not so much.

"Well Carol, I hope you can elaborate on that." She asks. "Many people want to know, just how all that came to be. I mean, not two months ago you'd be hard pressed to find someone outside of Brockton Bay who knew about New Wave. Now you've gained almost nation wide attention."

"New Wave was always intended to be a nation wide movement. We just had a few hang ups when it came to outreaching." Mom answers. "What I mean with Iron Man's debut is that he had contacted us about joining. Before that we didn't know of his cape status. Well, most of us didn't."

"What do you mean most?" Kaitlynn asks.

"Well, you'd have to ask her." Mom says and points a thumb at me.

'What happened to letting you do all the talking?!' I think bitterly.

"Ah, the Endstopper herself!" Kaitlynn transitions over smoothly. "The other high profile individual to join New Wave and currently ranked eighth strongest cape in North America!"

Alexandria is still above me. And All Might above her. The only reason I haven't overtaken them is because I don't have as many feats as them.

"Yo!" I give a wave.

"Um, why are you sitting like that?" She asks with a confused smile.

"This thing." I say as I swing my tail around to the side and show it off.

"I don't follow." She says.

"I can't sit in seats without an open back." I explain. "Otherwise I'll squish my tail."

"Is it really that uncomfortable?" She asks.

"Imagine having your arm in a chicken wing and putting your body weight into it." I say.

"Ooh!" The peanut gallery goes.

"Yikes, well I'm sorry we don't have any, can we get a fold out?!" She hollers, waving towards some guys off stage.

Not two seconds later a guy runs out and pops a directors foldout chair next to me.

"Was that scripted?" I ask.

"What do you mean?" She asks.

"He just ran out with a foldout not a second after you asked." I say as I hop down into it.

"We have a team of staff members ready with anything we might need!" She says with a smile. "They're very good at their jobs!"

"It was scripted." Dad whispers knowing I can hear him.

"Back to the topic at hand. Carol says you knew of Iron Man before he got into contact with all of you. How?"

"I have a Thinker power that gives me random memories whenever certain topics are brought up or mentioned."

"How does that work? And can you elaborate on Thinker power?"

'Right.' I think to myself. 'The classification system is primarily meant for the PRT.'

It's like police codes. They're not secret by any means. But a good ninety percent of people never bother learning about them because it'll never apply to them. Outside of almost everyone knowing what a Master is. But then again most know what a code 420 is.

"Well, Thinker is a classification given to powers that deal in information gathering. It can be anything from heightened senses to being able to predict the future." I explain.

"And which applies to you?" She asks.

"Both." I say as the audience starts murmuring.

"Really? You can predict the future?" She asks. "Can you give me the winning loto tickets?"

"Hahahahaha." Goes the peanut gallery.

"No, nothing that specific." I say with a wave. "I mostly get vague memories. Like, when someone asks you what two plus two is. You know how to add but you can't really remember ever being taught how to add. You just know that you know. And sometimes I know the future."

"Is there anything you can give us a glimpse into?" She asks.

"Nothing I'm willing to reveal." I say with a serious face.

"Why not?"

"Because a lot of it isn't happy. And I'm not always accurate." I say plainly.

"If we could move on?" Mom says.

"Of course." She says. "The big questions here are, what's next? What's on New Wave's agenda? We already know of your expansion into New York that Iron Man is spearheading. Are there any other plans?"

"There are a few in place." Mom says with a practiced smile. "First on the agenda is our big announcement. In order to supplement our members and better enrich our community here in the bay. We've purchased the ferry and are currently renovating it."

That gets the audience to go quiet. And for Kaitlynn to give a wide eyed look of surprise before schooling herself. Adopting a more professional look of surprise. The kind you give when you're happily surprised.

"My, that is certainly, something." She says with no small amount of uncertainty. "How did that come about?"

I openly smirk at her loss of words. The ferry's been down for more than a decade now. And it's an open secret that the mayor doesn't want to bring it back. Too much money to put in and not enough time to payoff.

"With New Wave expanding we realized we needed an actual base of operations and a place to house members who need it." Dad says. "It was just a matter of getting the paperwork finished."

"Am I correct in assuming Mr. Stark had a hand in this?" She asks.

"Not in the slightest." I say cheerfully. "This has been in the works siiiince, the mid to late of April? About a month?"

"Sounds about right." Dad says with a shrug.

.

.

-Trainyard, Merchant warehouse base-

.

.

Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane POV

.

"RAAAGH!" I rage as I throw the box TV. "YOU HYPOCRITES! SHORT SIGHTED, IGNORANT, BASTARDS!"

How can they not see?! All their movement does is hurt! They're mixing cape and civilian life! The death of Fleur and my Father should make that clear! Keeping the two separate is the smart thing!

I was fine with Carnage's failed assassination attempt. It scared them, made them realize they're still not safe. That no matter what happens, because they decided to break the line of cape and citizen they will never be safe. Never have a break.

Now?

"FUCK YOU! YOU PIECES OF SHIT!" I continue to vent and throw the table at the broken TV.

Kitsu and the Case 53 dragon boy, those I can understand. They're inhuman and incapable of hiding. They don't get a choice. But now Anthony Stark? And bringing back the ferry to fund and house more recruits?

"RAAAGGH!" I throw the chair I was in at the rubble.

"Hey boss! Everything okay in here?" A random strung out junkie asks as he walks in.

I snap my head to him. Enraged and more than a little hyped on adrenaline.

"What did I say about coming in here?" I ask in a cold, even voice as I reach for my mask that's clipped to my belt.

"Ta not to." He says, fear slowly etching on his face.

'Good.' I think sadistically. 'He at least has some working brain cells left. It puts him a step above the rest of these idiots.'

Though, a step up on a broken ladder is still the floor.

"Then why?" I ask as my mask distorts my voice to a rasp.

"W-well I just t-thought that you n-needed something, or s-something was wrong." He stutters as he steps out of the room and to the hallway scaffolding. Backing into the rail.

I squeeze one of the hidden buttons in my glove. And feel my blood burn as a gas is released into my mask. Strengthening me.

"You had orders." I say in a low rasp. "But that's okay, I need this."

I rush forward and grab him by the neck. Lifting him over the railing and letting him dangle thirty or so feet. Holding him by the bones of his jowl so as to not choke him out.

"I! I jus!" He tries to get out, but can't move his jaw well.

I see all the other goons around the warehouse now looking over to us. Good. They need a demonstration to stay in line. I need to show them Carnage isn't the only one they need to fear.

'Fear. Such a lovely and complex emotion.' I think with a nostalgic sadness. 'No, don't get distracted.'

"Pleesh! Pleesh shir!" He tries, grabbing my wrist for dear life.

"Oh, I'm not going to drop you or anything." I say. "So you can take your hands off me."

"You're." He starts with hope and confusion.

"No, that'd be, too easy." I say and press another button hidden in my other glove that's not holding him.

*Pssshhh*

A fowl, wispy blue gas expels from tiny canisters hidden in the clothy folds of my suit. Mainly from the hand that is holding him up.

"Huuugh!" He gasps as the air in his lungs turns dry and salty. Making a horrid sight as his tanned skin starts to ashen at a painstakingly slow pace. His veins becoming visible before being hidden again. His skin drying and crumbling as it cracks with blood seeping.

This is a special hyperactive disinfecting aerosol that kills all microorganisms it comes into contact with. All of them.

Even the essential ones needed for us to survive.

I created it as a means of sterilizing my workspaces. But discovered along the way that it has other uses.

The reaction normally wouldn't be so, instantly negative. But the gas quickly dissipates after being sprayed. And in this filthy warehouse and with all his good bacterial colonies dead? He just became a nesting ground for bad bacteria to thrive at an accelerated rate.

I toss him to the side. Slamming him into the outside wall of my office. His skin cracking and flaking off to reveal blood, muscle and sinew underneath. As he tries desperately to scream in agony. But just can't as viruses and bacteria are running rampant in his nervous system.

The human body is the perfect nesting ground for microorganisms. With just the right temperature, moisture, and nutrients. And with the good colonies of bacteria accumulated throughout his life all gone. All that's left is for the opportunistic ones in the air and near him to thrive and break him down slowly.

Satisfied with the display, I turn to the rest of the wide eyed onlookers.

"GET ME MECHANIC AND PERMAFROST!" I shout before turning around and heading back into my office.

Or, what's left of it.

"Damn it all." I sigh, looking at the wreckage. "Good furniture is so hard to find around here."

.

.

-New York City, Stark Tower-

.

.

Anthony "Iron Man" Stark POV

.

"No, no, no. Hmm, maybe." I think to myself as I look through the files of possible recruits.

Several independents and quite a few affiliated capes have been chomping at the bit to join New WavE now that they have a major backer. Me.

Of course, most are just bandwagoners looking to ride the fame train. Not people who actually want to join. I've set up a page on PHO for verified capes to send video requests to join, giving their name and reason for joining. And I'm using a reverse engineered version of Armsmaster's lie detector program to screen them.

I've been around him often enough and heard his bragging to the point that I know how it works. I didn't before, it just sounded like boring techno dribble to me at the time. But I do now and the prick's annoyed me enough that I have no issue's using his tech.

Most of the applicants have just given me basic, "I believe in New Wave's ideals!" Lines. And almost all of them have been lies.

Did get a funny one from Mouse Protector. Saying how she just wanted to see if she could get a suit of armor and that she had no intention of joining. At least she was honest.

So far the only honest ones have been a few of the newer unaffiliated capes.

A Sam Wilson, Jane Foster, Kaldur'ahm, Keith Goodman, and a Jessica Jones.

Out of fifty eight applications. Only five were honest. Not including Mouse Protector. Sam pretty much idolizes me, Kaldur'ahm is an immigrant who lost his family to a gang shoot out and wants to be an example for others and make his parents proud. That and he can't afford to have a secret identity, literally, he's poor and isn't a citizen. Jessica is a victim of a cape. But because of how the unwritten rules work, he skipped town and changed his cape identity to get off Scott free. Jane doesn't trust the government but can't afford to risk heroing alone. Keith doesn't want to bother with a secret identity.

"Tony!" I hear my assistant call.

"Great." I sigh to myself before clicking out of the page.

Just in time to see her walking past my glass walls in the reflection of the screen.

'Ooh. She looks mad.' I think idly as I turn in my swivel chair to face her.

"Tony!" She calls as she steps through the doors. "I've been trying to get ahold of you for the last five hours!"

"Really? Five hours?" I say in mock surprise. "Felt like I was ignoring your calls for three."

"Excuse me?!" She says with an offended look.

"You're excused." I say and turn around to my monitor.

"Tony. Director Costa-Brown has been trying to get ahold of you since Sunday." She says as she walks up and turns my chair around to face her, crossing her arms as she continues.

"And, unlike you. I don't get to hide away in an office, penthouse, whatever the fuck you call this!" She says throwing her arms out to gesture at everything.

'I have been putting that off for a bit.' I think to myself as Pepper keeps up her rant.

"Alright, put her on." I say, cutting her off as I stand up. "I've got to go change."

"Wait seriously?" Pepper asks in confusion. "No more sarcastic remarks? Words of procrastination? Who are you?"

"Tired, nice to meet you." I say with a smirk as I walk past her. "I've got a bit of recruiting to do and Costa-Brown is only going to get more bitchy the longer she doesn't get her date with me."

"Meeting!" Pepper corrects.

"Tomato potato." I remark, walking up the stairs and out of my office section, Pepper following me. "She's the one who can't seem to stop thinking about me."

"How have you maintained an economic empire with such a laissez faire, frat boy attitude?!" She asks in frustration.

"Easy! I'm smart, rich, and good looking." I say nonchalantly as I walk down the hall.

"More like an arrogant trust fund baby." She quips.

"It's only arrogance if it's undeserved." I say as I reach the red mahogany wooden doors of my room. Opening them I step in and turn to her. "Now, is there anything else? Or are you going to help me get dressed?"

"Up yours Tony." She says as she reaches forward, grabbing the door handles and pulling back to close them.

Pepper is a fiery spirit. Competent and dedicated. And more than willing to light a fire under my ass when needed. But that's why I hired her, I have enough yes men. People who kiss my ass and tell me what I want to hear. I hired her because she doesn't just take my sarcasm, she bites back and tells me what I need to hear. That's the sort of people I need. People with drive and spines.

"Alright then." I say to myself as I head to my walk-in.

.

.

-6am, Saturday May 15th, Dallon House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I finish brushing my tail. Getting it to a perfect shine. Today is Missy's birthday. And I intend to look my best! I got my outfit picked out! The perfect gift! And the perfect opportunity to surprise her at her house!

Getting in my Neptunia dress and changing my hair, tail, and eye color to lavender. Putting on the mini jacket and D-pad hairclips.

I'm ready to eat pudding and play video games!

Or just coddle Missy all day and make her feel like the special girl she is until she has patrol.

Screw that! I'll coddle her on patrol as well!

I run over and write a note on the table for everyone to know where I am. Can't just disappear without notice. That's a very quick way to get grounded. And just as a secondary measure, I leave Mom and Dad a text.

So, with a plan in mind. I set out to spoil my girlfriend!

.

.

-7:20am, Biron House-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I wake up feeling uncomfortably warm and heavy. Blinking the blurryness from my eyes I try and get up to see what time it is.

Only to not be able to. Looking down I see a large lump under the blanket.

My heart thudding, I prepare to defend myself. Pulling on my power to get ready and grab my lamp to bash the brains out of whatever snuck under my covers.

Only for said lump to shove itself forward and reveal the purple haired head of my girlfriend. Ears perked and tail swishing the blanket she's under to eventually push it up and reveal her purple furred tail.

"Morning beautiful." She says with a sly grin.

'Am I still asleep?' I wonder.

"Um, good morning?" I say, still a little unsure as to whether or not I'm awake.

She sits up to straddle my waist. Revealing the purple gamer girl outfit she had on the day we got together.

"Happy birthday." She says sweetly. "I got a present for you~"

Okay, now I know I'm dreaming. I've had this dream before, mainly after reading a MainProtagonist fanfic that started out just like this.

"And what's my present?" I ask with a smile, playing along and enjoying the scene. Hoping it'll go on before my alarm wakes me up.

"Close your eyes." She instructs sweetly.

'A little different.' I think to myself as I do so. 'But eh, you do you brain.'

I feel her lean down and her lips meet mine. I bring my arms up to hold her at the waist and deepen the kiss. Rolling us over as she squeaks into my mouth.

I run my tongue across her soft lips, asking for entry. After not getting it, I separate us. Leaning back up to savor her blushing face. Eyes wide in bewilderment. And she has the stripes! This is just getting better!

"M-M-M-Missy, I think there's a b-bit of a m-misunderstanding here." She says nervously.

"What's to misunderstand?" I say as I prop myself up over her on my elbow. Trailing my other hand down her side to her hip. "I'm just enjoying my-"

*Beep*

I'm cut off as my alarm starts.

"Great!" I whine as I sit up. "Just when it's getting good!"

*Beep*

"Um, Missy." Dream Kitsu says.

*Beep*

"Just don't." I say as I wait to wake up.

*Beep* *Beep* *Beep*

'Huh?'

"Um, this isn't a dream." Kitsu says.

"W-what do you mean?" I ask as I feel a pit in my stomach forming.

"I came here to surprise you for your birthday. I was going to make you breakfast after you woke up and let you pet my tail and scratch my cheek fur, and I bought you necklace." She explains with a blush. "Then, well, that."

"Oh, oh god." I mumble as realization hits me like a sack of bricks.

I'm about to puke! I just forced her down and made out with her! And I was about to go a lot further.

"H-how do you know where I live?" I ask with a shaky voice.

"I, um, remember when you had to go to the hospital?" She says. "Well, I was worried about you, so I, may have, followed you."

That raises so many red flags.

"You followed me?" I ask as I warp space to turn off the alarm.

"Well, I mean. Yes?" She says as she shrinks down.

"Like a stalker?!" I ask, raising my voice a little.

"No! Just, like a concerned girlfriend." She defends weakly.

"So you don't think I can take care of myself?" I press, crossing my arms.

"Not that!" She says as she tries to get up, but can't as I keep my weight on her.

"Then why follow me to my house without my knowledge?" I ask.

She stares me in the eye, and I feel myself melt a little under her gaze despite my irritation. Her eyes tend to have that effect on me. With how gorgeous they are, like glittering pools turquois. And when they glow. I calm down and realize how small she is.

I can't stay mad at her. She's too precious! Besides, it's not like she was actually stalking me. I'm just overreacting.

I lean back down and kiss her again. Doing my best to relieve the tension I just built.

"No more stalker or creepy, behind my back stuff." I say seriously. "Got it?"

"Mhm!" She squeaks with a quick nod of her head.

"Good." I say and bring my hands up to her cheeks and scratch the soft, plush fur. Enjoying the soft warmth.

"Mmn~" She moans as she starts to relax at my touch.

Her moaning reminds me of earlier. Just a few seconds ago. When I thought I was dreaming.

I stop what I was doing as I sit up. Covering my burning face in my hands and fall over to my bed. Screaming into the covers. Kicking my feet as I feel the horror and cringe of my actions take hold.

Hopefully I can scream myself unconscious. That's a thing right?

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I need to start thinking these things through.

.

.

-Half hour later-

.

.

I'm making egg fried rice. Diced onions, rice, eggs, and soy sauce. This is honestly one of my favorite meals to make. And making it for someone else feels better!

"Shit that smells good." Missy's mom says.

Oh, she's here too. Another factor I didn't think about.

"She's good at cooking." Missy says and I preen at the compliment.

I keep cooking. Not using illusions this time. Mostly for the novelty. It's nice to do things with my bare hands sometimes.

"So, you gonna keep staring at her ass the whole time?" Missy's mom asks quietly. "I mean, she's got a decently thick one for only being thirteen."

"Mom!" Missy shouts in embarrassment.

"What? Just trying to relate to you." She says as though she didn't just comment on my butt. Her, an adult.

I was fully aware Missy was staring. She always does. But now that I know her mother is staring?

I lower my tail self consciously as I ignore the fight in the background.

Her mom still hasn't said happy birthday.

.

.

-10:30am, The Rig-

.

.

So, I can't coddle her on patrol and celebrate her birthday in public.

It'd be announcing her birthday to everyone and help others to figure out her identity. That's the shitty part about the unwritten rules. They're unwritten.

So they can be conveniently disregarded by anyone without official consequence. Though there are some that are just a bad idea to break. Like sexual assault. Depending on how bad it is. You can get anything from people refusing to help you, to the PRT OPENLY breaking the unwritten rules to take you in.

Also, villains will team up on you if you're bad enough. And that's a scary thought for any mortal.

So I'm just waiting in the common room for Missy to finish getting dressed. I'm talking to Miss Militia.

"I don't believe it would be a good idea." She says awkwardly as she leans back on the counter.

"Why not?" I ask.

"Well, for one that's Empire territory." She says. "There's an increased risk of violent altercations."

"I'm immortal." I point out.

"Well, you are but Vista isn't and-"

"Unless she gets vaporized. I can heal just about any injury." I press.

"Well, you just don't, look the part to be patrolling those areas." She says tentatively.

'Is she, is she making a jab at my Case 53 status?' I wonder, mortified by the idea. 'She's supposed to be the nice one! What the fuck?!'

"If you have something against my inhuman appearance, just say it." I demand as I fold my arms under my chest.

"That's not it! I swear!" She says as her eyes go wide.

"Then what is it? Tell me." I say. "What about my appearance is so bad that has you like this?"

"You're white." She says.

"… Excuse me?"

"The area is heavily diverse and under Empire control. And you are a poster child for Aryan heritage." She explains. "Vista too."

I just wanted to give Missy a good day. And patrolling more dangerous areas and actually making a difference in the crime would have been perfect!

"If it was just you, that'd be fine. We can't really tell you what to do. But Vista? Sending two Aryan children into inner city Empire territory to do police work just sets a bad image." She explains further.

"So, because of my race. I can't go into predominantly black neighborhoods because some racists are there?" I question.

"Yes?" She says uncertainly.

Next time I run into Hookwolf, I'm giving him all the allergies!

.

.

-Meanwhile, Inner city dog fighting ring-

.

.

Brad "Hookwolf" Meadows POV

.

I just felt a shiver run down my spine.

Why do I feel like I'm in danger?

"Hey boss, you good?" Cricket's synthetic voice rings out through her vocalizer.

"Yeah, just got a chill." I wave off. "What's the next match?" I ask.

"A German Shepard is going against a Rottweiler." She says. "Bets are on the Rott."

Ever since Bitch got arrested it's been nothing but green hills for me. Screw Kaiser and his lay low bullshit. The Endstopper's gone hero. She won't do anything drastic. I'm done holing myself away.

"Put mine on the Germ." I say. "And make it public."

"Alright." She says with a shrug.

It's always a trip to see these boot lickers reaction to my bets. Everyone wants to suck up and so they either freak at betting against me, or switch their bets last second. Despite the fifty percent payout for doing so.

It's hilarious!

.

.

-1pm, Boardwalk-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

At least I get to spend the day with her!

And Dean. He's here too. Hasn't really said much. Just interacts with the public and generally is there. He wished her a happy birthday at least. And gave her a present. A little purple bracelet.

Which is more than her mother did for her. Hell, she took off before me and Missy. Just ate the food I made and left. Didn't even put her plate in the sink!

"Why don't you guys ever patrol in a squad car?" I ask.

"Because then we can't be seen by the public." Dean answers. "According to Pigot, a figure must be seen by the public or they'll forget they exist."

"Machiavelli? Really?" I say with a raised eyebrow.

"What?" Missy asks.

"That's from Machiavelli's The Prince." I explain with a shrug. "It's a book about power and politics."

"Okay then." Dean says.

We keep walking along, passing stores and people. Most moving aside from us. Others taking pictures and what not.

"This is boring!" I say.

"It's been half an hour." Dean says. "You can't expect something to just, happen."

"I can, actually." I retort. "Doesn't mean it'll happen. But I can expect it."

Dean stops walking ahead of us and turns back to face me.

"What?" I ask with a frown.

He just turns back around and continues walking.

"Hey!" I call back.

"Don't worry about it." He says with a wave.

"I very much will worry about it!" I say defiantly as I stomp my foot at him.

The rest of the day was uneventful.

.

.

-Sunday, May 16th, 9am, North Docks-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"So how've you been lately?" I ask Kenta as we stare out at the bay.

We're watching the dock workers fix up the northern docks. Making them actually functional rather than just looking like they are.

"Alright." He says, this time without as heavy an accent.

"Hey! That was good!" I tell him. "Your English is getting better."

He's in his civilian attire. Which is his cape attire minus one mask and plus one shirt.

"Rm." He grunts.

Mom wants to make sure the ABB won't harass any tourists from the ferry. And with the northern dock being a stone throws away from their territory. Literally in most cape cases. It falls to me to make sure there's an understanding.

I already talked to him over the phone. But I was bored and saw this as an easy excuse to waste a few hours. And Kenta had nothing better to do anyway.

Dad doesn't like the idea of me talking to Lung. And Mom has made it very clear that I'm not to talk about it. Ever.

"Any happenings I should be aware of?" I ask.

"Purity has stopped her assault." He says. "After the last attack, she nearly lost an arm."

"How'd that happen?" I ask with morbid curiosity.

"She flew to avoid Lee, just in time for my wings to grow." He says with a chuckle. "She pissed herself when I jumped and bit her."

"Wish I could've seen it." I say.

"Rex has it on video." He says. "I can have him send it."

"Sure!" I say excitedly.

We continue to watch the workers. And chat about what we've been up to. We may not be actual friends but we get along well enough. And everyone in the docks knows it, my "friendship" with Lung being an open secret. I'm pretty much untouchable as far as the ABB are concerned.

"Have you thought about enriching the area near here?" I ask as I look to him.

"Hmm?" He asks.

"There's going to be a lot of tourists soon~" I say hintingly. "Pretty sure more than a few would be willing to pay quite a bit at a Chinatown."

"Hmm, I might think on it." He gives a noncommittal answer.

"Lots of money to be made." I press.

"Hmm." He grunts.

Kenta doesn't really care for money. He only cares about reputation. So long as his reputation as warlord is preserved. Then he's content. He carved out a small spot in the world right here in the bay. And he has no real ambition to expand. At least not right now.

"Why have things been so quiet lately?" I muse, bored out of my mind at how slow and monotonous cape life has been.

"They haven't." Lung answers. "You've lost touch."

"Huh?" I ask.

"You've gone soft. Stopped moving in the darker areas. Stayed in the safety of New Wave and the PRT." He says with a challenging edge in his voice. "Many have noticed, you are not as ruthless as you were. Gone, soft."

"I have not!" I say defensively.

"Have you?" He says with a raised brow. "Everyone thinks so."

'Have I?' I question myself. 'I don't think I have.'

"Why would they think that?" I ask.

"Look at everything you've done in the last month." He says as he pushes off the railing. "I'm heading home."

I watch him pull out his phone and text a number. In a few minutes a cab comes to pick him up and drives off.

"I haven't gone soft." I say to myself. "I just haven't had a reason to go hard."

Except the girl at the hospital. But none of them would know about that. Then there was Porcupine. I ripped his arm clean off. And, there's. Huh, not much else. Most days I spend tinkering with Amy. Or patrolling with Missy.

None of which puts me where the crime and action is.

"I need to get back out there." I say to myself.

If they think I've gone soft. Then I just need to show them they're wrong.

The Empire's always a good punching bag. Maybe I'll do what I did last time I was in the bay a few years ago. Give them a heads up on who I'm hunting. Stormtiger seems like a good warm up. And I'll kick Hookwolf in the dick while I'm at it.

Just in case he thought I was sorry.

.

.

Kenta "Lung" POV

.

"Did it go well?" Lee asks from the drivers seat.

"Time will tell." I say as I stare out the window.

Kitsu is a powerful ally. Yes. But she is still a child, impressionable. Gullible. Crime has been down. Due to both the fear of encountering her as a hero, and angering her back into a rogue by hurting something she likes.

The Empire has never been quieter as a result. But the Merchants have gotten ruthless. More strict and organized. Avoiding areas that would cause conflict with the PRT Wards. And testing borders as a result. Their new leader, Scarecrow, is ruthless. More so than I from the rumors. I'm ruthless from a place of pragmatism. It is better to be feared than loved.

He is ruthless, because it is his nature.

Mechanic is reckless and cunning. Running into our territory in one of his cars, drawing out a cape fight before fleeing after taking heavy damage. But, he keeps returning with upgraded cars.

He is as reckless as he is unorthodox.

Aside from those two. The others don't pose much of a problem. Just the two Tinkers.

And setting Kitsu loose to prove me wrong will only benefit me. She'll take out a few capes and I'll swoop in. Stomp out any resistance and expand.

All I have to do is wait for the yoko to act.

.

.

-1pm, Dallon House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Hey kiddo." Dad says as he plops onto the couch right next to me. "Whatcha doing?"

Only I'm upside-down. My head on the cushion as my legs stick straight up in the air.

"Nothing much." I say with my best attempt at a shrug. "Just issuing a declaration of war."

"Oh really?" Dad says with a roll of his eyes.

"Yep!" I say.

"On who?" He asks.

"Right now it's Stormtiger." I say. "Aaaaaand post!"

I put my phone in my pocket and flop forward. Now resting my chin on the cushion as my knees are on the floor.

"Wait, Kitsu, you're not serious are you?"

*Krrsssssht*

'That's an odd sound.' I think as I try and focus on it. 'Sounds like a rocket.'

*BOOM!*

A collision shakes the whole house as I feel my heart jump from my chest to my throat. Skipping several beats along the way. Wide eyed and frozen at what felt like a bomb going off.

"What did you do?!" Dad asks as he splays against the side of the couch.

"I just posted it!" I say in a panic. "I knew he was named after a tank! I didn't think he had one!"

We both sit there for a few seconds, unmoving and trying to process.

"Aww man! That's going to take forever to wash out!" I hear a girl's voice whine.

"I'm sorry what?" I say in confusion at the sound coming from the backyard.

"What?" Dad asks.

"What the fuck was that!?" I hear Vicky yell as she rushes out of her room and to us in the living room.

I open my mouth to give a quip about her weight. But decide there are more pressing matters.

"Someone's in the backyard." I say.

"Why didn't you say something?" Dad asks frantically as he gets up and rushes through the hall.

The way the house is built has the door to the back come out of the hall just past Mom and Dad's room. It's a small open space where we keep Dad's old bicycle that he refuses to throw away. The door opens to a patio that never gets used.

As we all make it out side, with me nearly knocking over the bike in the rush. We're greeted to the site of a crater in the backyard. Dirt and debris kicked up and concealing the source from view.

"Cack!" I hear coughing from the crater.

"Well, someone's there." I say as I jump onto the wooden railing and prepare to launch myself.

"Wait." Dad says and lobs an orb into the air.

It explodes with concussive force and little light. Blowing the dirt cloud away and revealing a pale girl in tattered blue clothes.

"You're trespassing!" Dad yells. "State your name and business!"

"Um?" She says nervously. "I'm looking for Kitsu?"

At that, both Dad and Vicky turn to me. Still crouched on the railing.

"Me?"

"Oh my gosh it is you!" She shouts and launches forward.

Still tense and on guard. I activate my zero knockback as she hits me. Filling me with energy. About the same amount as when Vicky hits me.

She stays there and hugs me. Dirtying my May outfit and giving me more energy.

"Um, hi?" I say in confusion. "Who're you?"

"Oh!" She says as she steps back and hovers in the air as fire comes out the bottom of her feet. "I'm Jenny! I came here to join you with New Wave!"

There's a pause as everyone takes in the new information.

"Not it on telling mom about the backyard!" Vicky says before rushing back in.

"Not it." Dad says.

"Wait what?" I say in surprise. "Hey!"

"Have fun with your new friend!" Dad says with a wave as he walks back to the door. "I'll heat up some leftovers for her."

"That's not fair!" I point out.

"Life." He says as he closes the door behind him.

As he leaves, I turn back to the girl. Looking past the dirt covering her, I see that she's not pale. She's metallic. Like Weld. And she has the Cauldron tattoo on her midriff, just circling her belly button. Another Case 53.

"Come on." I say with a sigh as I hop off the railing and into the yard.

"Oh! Is there a sign up process?!" She says excitedly.

"No, there're shovels in the garage." I say as I walk along the back of the house.

"Shovels?" She asks as she drops down to follow me on foot.

I turn to glare at her. And point to the crater behind her.

She turns to look and shrinks slightly upon realizing what I mean.

"Oh." She says before slowly turning back to me. "Sorry?"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

-Antioch, Contra Costa County, California, October 7th 2007-

.

.

James "Popper" Xavier POV

.

"Alright kid, run back to your parents." I say and pat him on the back.

He takes off to the couple waving at him. Proudly presenting them with his newly signed picture.

I hate PR duty. It's nothing but sucking up and looking good. And taking the brunt of a few irate individuals who decide they want to be a problem.

The only highlight is the kids. I got a soft spot for them and seeing them star struck at meeting a cape is always a highlight. Though I hate having to lie and tell them they can be heroes if they try hard enough.

Truth is I hope that none of the kids I see ever get powers. It's a sad and lonely life. Not one I would wish on anyone.

"Alright!" I say with a smile and a wave. "Who else wants a photo!?"

*RRRRMMMMM*

I'm cut off as the ground starts rumbling.

"Earthquake!" I shout. My emergency response training kicking in. "Everyone to open area! Away from any structures or trees!"

I start running towards the Ferris wheel. Knowing there are several people stuck in there.

Dodging and weaving around the panicking mass of people. I get right to the Ferris wheel's booth. Getting as close as I can I activate my power, hoping I'm in range to get everyone.

'People above me.'

In a multitude of flashes, families and couples all pop into existence around me. Dazed and panicked.

"Earthquake! Get to the fields!" I shout. "Go!"

*BWOOOOOOOOOOO*

'No.' I think with horror filling my entire being.

That's the Endbringer alarm.

"Change of plan!" I shout, hoping I can be heard over the blaring alarm. "Get to your vehicles and drive! Drive!"

The sound of people panicking and running to the parking lot is drowned out by the sound of the sirens and the pounding of my blood. Everything devolving into a haze as I flee with the rest.

I did my job, I got the people in the Ferris wheel. There are three others around here who can round up the rest.

*CRAGH*

A shockwave blasts through the air as I'm knocked over. The sounds of crashing and screaming making a cacophony of indistinguishable noise as I try and push through the haze.

Turning on my back, just in time to avoid a foot to the face from a fleeing pedestrian.

"Fuck." I curse, as I sit up.

Watching in horror as magma spews out of the forest just outside the faire grounds. A black horned monster rising out and stepping above the trees.

'Help.'

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

*ROOOOOOR!*

"What the heck!?" I scream as I wake up to the ear splitting pain of, well, my ears.

After rolling over and looking around. Seeing people running, people dying from being trampled, and a handful of others in costume running around. As well as the fuck you sized man made of obsidian, magma and broken dreams meandering his way over.

"Class B Case fifty three, Kitsu?" I hear beside me.

Turning to the voice. I see none other than Alexandria. Floating there as she addresses me.

"Duh buh I uh yes?" I say numbly.

"Mover five, striker three, brute seven. You'll help with evac." She says.

"Like heck I will!" I still don't even know what's going on!

"Under the Endbringer Treaty you don't have much choice. You're still wanted in seven states and I have the authority to arrest you." She points out, before pointing to the people all running in the faire and towards the town in the distance. "If you're not here to help then the treaty doesn't apply."

'FUCK YOU!' I rage internally.

"I'll make it known now. I don't like you." I say and prepare to run off towards the town and assist evac.

"Noted." She says and flies off.

'Okay lets see here.' I think to myself. 'I have enough energy for a few bursts of speed. If I just-'

*Kachit*

"AAAAIIIIIEEEEEE!" I scream in pain as electricity courses through me.

And then everything turns white.

.

.

Rebecca "Alexandria" Costa-Brown POV

.

Did, did he just target her?

'He did.' I realize.

Behemoth just ignored several capes attacking him to attack the false Case 53 girl.

She's not a Case 53. Likely just a changer, heavily traumatized by The Nine into maintaining her form. I know she isn't a Case 53 because no one in cauldron made her. And if they did, they wiped their memory of it.

Only Contessa would do so.

He's moving!

"Switch tactics! Strafe!"

Behemoth in response raises his hand and digs it into the ground. Lifting up a magma ball and chucking it at a few capes. Spraying lava everywhere and killing several. The smell of ozone and burning bodies rife in the area.

"Eidolon, Status report on All Might and Legend." I say as I press a finger to my helmets intercom.

"Legend is inbound in five, All Might is predisposed with a crisis in Britain." I hear David's voice return.

'This is going to be another lost city.' I think sadly as his movement puts him on path toward San Francisco.

The rest of the fight goes on like that for thirty minutes as Behemoth makes his way through the fairgrounds towards Antioch. Knocking over the attractions in his way. Oddly enough, as he passes by the Ferris wheel. Kitsu's corpse lights on fire.

Which shouldn't happen. Only living things burn in his aura.

"AAAAAAAGH HOT HOT HOT HOT HOT HOT!" The verily not dead girl screams as she gets up and rolls around.

I watch in slight confusion and amazement as the girl gets up and runs at super speeds to put out the fire. Revealing herself to be both alive, and naked.

"My clothes!" She shouts, and not long after her body is concealed in bright lights.

Part of her documented illusion powers.

She looks mad. It'd be adorable if it wasn't foolishly directed at Behemoth. She may be able to survive his fire and lightning. But damaging him is another task.

.

.

Unit 01: Designation: Instigator POV

.

[Warning; Foreign Element Detected In [Cycle]]

[Processing]

[Priority One; Break Stasis/Prevent Stagnation]

[Priority Two; Perpetuate/Protect Cycle]

[Contemplation; Eliminate Foreign Element]

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

FUCK THIS!

I'm pissed! Clothes are hard to come by for me and I only had the one set!

"I tried playing it safe, but I'm a little pissed now." I say to myself.

Isolation is not healthy. I need to find some friends outside of the voice in my head or I'll go completely insane.

Thoughts for later! I'm brimming with energy! Got struck by lightning and burned with the force of a sun and I'm absorbing all the radiation he's giving off!

I jump up and unto the Ferris wheel. Hopping from cab roof to cab roof before settling on the top.

*King*

Only for it to break as Big Benny shakes the ground with his fat ass! Stepping this way and making the ground shake.

I fall with it, not really much else I can do. If I jump from here all I'm likely to do is succeed in pushing the Ferris wheel to the ground faster. And just waste energy as a result.

As I hit the ground and activate my zero knockback to not fall over with the force. I deactivate it and enhance my strength. Jumping up and shooting past his head. Before falling down, getting smacked with his hand.

I grab it and let him swing me through the air. Hitting a few other capes along the way. Either splattering them into a bloody mist of entrails or launching them away.

"I'mma knock your head clean off! I hope you understand English you overgrown stalagmite!" I yell as I cling to his finger.

He keeps burning me. And at this point I've gotten used to the pain. As I'm being flung about, another person in a garish red and white spandex costume finds himself caught on the finger next to me, snagged by his cape on the jagged edge before he bursts into flames. Roasting almost instantly.

'You know, if he just didn't have a cape he might've gotten away.' I think to myself.

I'm roughly thrown to the ground as he roars. The loud noise causing me to flinch and let go to cover my ears.

As I roughly hit the dirt and tumble into a downed roller coaster cab. I can't help but get even more pissed at the situation.

"Fuck it." I say as I kick myself up and launch towards him.

I cock my arm back and put half of all my current stores into the swing. Connecting with his head and blowing it to dust with little fanfare other than a loud crack.

And my ears are once again in pain! At this point I have a dull ringing that's constantly on.

.

.

Unit 01: Designation: Instigator POV

.

[ERROR]

[WARNING! WARNING!]

[Core Exposed; 27% Loss Of Structure Within 10 Second Timeframe]

[Threat Posed To Unit]

[Assessing]

[Threat Assessment: Higher Than Acceptable Limits Permit]

[WARNING!]

[Irreversible Damage Imminent; Course Change; Retreat]

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I watch as Behemoth flees down into the earth. His head missing as he sinks in a pit of lava.

I'm falling as well.

I hit the lava just after Behemoth disappears. And the lava doesn't hurt. Seems heat doesn't hurt anymore.

I look around at all the Capes gathered. All staring in bewilderment and disbelief.

"Kitsu!" I hear Alexandria call.

I turn to look at her and see she's flying towards me.

"NOPE!" I shout and take off in a random direction to lose her.

I am not getting wrapped up with cauldron. No way!

.

.

Bonus2

.

.

ABB Roster

.

.

Kenta "Lung"

.

The Endstopper Dragon, Kenta is a man of mixed Chinese and Japanese heritage. The heavy bullying and discrimination he faced as a result caused him to form close ties with others of mixed heritage and form a gang. He triggered when Contessa popped in one day and killed all but one in front of him before she disappeared. With the ability to grow stronger and more draconic with active conflict. Gaining a toughened hide, wings, tail, claws, and pyrokinesis.

After Leviathan sunk Kyushu he fled to China with his mother. Where the Yangban tried to indoctrinate him unsuccessfully. After his mothers death he fled to Brockton bay and joined an Asian gang before rising up and cannibalizing the other Asian gangs.

He has a warrior mentality. Preferring to see himself as a Daimyo and the capes under him as his retainers. Preferring to rule through fear and intimidation, he is mostly content with his current lifestyle.

.

Oni Lee

.

A follower in every sense of the word. Oni Lee lacks little ambition and little drive. Preferring to take orders rather than think for himself.

His power is a mix of teleportation and duplication. When he teleports to a new location he leaves a clone of himself behind that lasts ten seconds. His preferred tactic being the use of suicide bombing the duplicates. He can only teleport to places he can see.

.

Allison "Bakuda" Chin

.

A girl of Chinese descent. Arrogant and abrasive. She believes her intelligence to be above everyone else's around her. She triggered when she got a bad grade on an assignment in college. Having never "Failed" before. She didn't know how to process it and had a mental break. Blaming the professor and school, refusing to hear any criticisms when she demanded a better grade.

She is a Tinker specializing in bombs. And using a full body suit with a voice changer to mask the fact that she has no Asian qualities outside of her looks. Her name is a bastardized feminization of the Japanese word for bomb. She chose it as a 'Fuck you I can do it better!' Sort of gesture towards Rex.

Is also a total bitch by every measure.

.

Rex "Ginobog" Sloan

.

A teen of mixed Filipino and Greek descent. Rex Sloan was sold to the ABB by his parents before Lung shut down their child trafficking ring. Rex was put into pit fighting where he triggered while being beat to death by an older man. Throwing a wad of dirt in his face and killing him as it exploded. After which he fled to find his family. Only to discover they moved on, new house, new kid, new life. Heartbroken, he went back to the pits and dominated, earning Lung's attention.

Like Allison, Rex is Asian only in genetics. And hides most of his non Asian traits while in costume, such as his eyes and hair. His name is a poorly reimagined pun on the Filipino words for boom and mister. His power being able to charge the molecules of inorganic materials. Making them explosive. The larger the object, the longer the charge and bigger the explosion. His suit is full of padding and shock resistant material due to the fact that he is not immune to his explosions.

Is abrasive and conflict driven to the point that it's unclear if it's a result of his shards conflict drive, or his upbringing in the pits.

.

.

.

.

A/N

In case it wasn't obvious, Kitsu activated her love me power in a panic.

.

The Behemoth bonus is dedicated to RadChaos897. I'd been planning on writing it for a while now but just never got around to it.

.

That guy who got caught by the cape by Behemoth was Dyna-Guy. From The Incredibles 1.

.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

RadChaos897: Are you ever going to do a bonus featuring the Slaughterhouse 9?

NEWB: No, if they show up. It's going to be a surprise, for everyone.

RadChaos897: If Kitsu were a pokemon. What kind would she be?

NEWB: Zorua. Easily. They're mischievous nature and inclination for pranks fits Kitsu to a T.

.

FOR [Conduit]!

RadChaos897: Do you love Kitsu? Are shards capable of love? [Fragile One] and [Queen Administrator] seem to love Vicky and Taylor in their own way.

[Conduit]: [Contemplation] [Answer; No.] [Iteration; Love, Is A Human Concept, Foreign To This Unit] [Contemplation] [Iteration; However, This Unit Finds, Amusement And, Joy, With Host Kitsu] [Contemplation] [Iteration; This Unit Cherishes Kitsu, And Does Not Wish For Another Host] [Contemplation] [Contemplation]

.

FOR KITSU!

RadChaos897: So, when are you going to get Vergil's autograph? At this point Newb is going to let this running joke run until its legs snap in half before it ends.

Kitsu: I'm trying! It's like the universe is conspiring against me!

NEWB: Hehehehehehehehehe.

RadChaos897: Ever thought about making everyone grow mustaches while they are asleep as a prank?

Kitsu: I have now! Vicky is getting a full beard! PanPan a pencil mustache! And Dad's getting a handlebar!

RadChaos897: Have you considered making an organic flamethrower using Bakugo's bombardier beetle biology as a template?

Kitsu: I have a flower that does that. Only it lobs napalm not fire. Close enough I guess.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas and motivation moving forward. I especially love it when you guys speculate or make guesses as I do use them and they give me ideas.
Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro

I post art of the characters in my channel newb's-grotto!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Taylor Klatt, SolverFollower, macdjord and 196 others
Newb to the game
May 12, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 37 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
May 15, 2024
Add bookmark
#328
A/N Open season

Alt title: Rabbit season! Duck season! Tiger season?

.

.

A VERY early chapter. DND is cancelled indefinetely and I'm on bereavement leave for the next two days.

.
at the time of posting this, november 2023
My grandma died. And I'm using this as a way to keep my mind occupied. She died on thanksgiving. She was healthy. Had just sat down and got off the phone with my aunt. Closed her eyes and when my grandpa tried to ask her something not three minutes later. She didn't answer.

Gone, just like that. No sound, no sign, no movement, nothing.

.

.



-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Parahumans Online

You are currently logged in: CoolStripz

You are currently viewing:

Topic: I'm bored

IN: Boards- Location- America- Brockton Bay

Original poster: ToyFoxy(Cape)(New Wave)(Unverified Cutest Fox XP)

Posted On May 16th 2010

I'm bored.

So I'mma hunt down Stormtiger.

Just cuz.

:p

(Showing Page 1 of 23)

Tdren
Replied on May 16th 2010

I'm sorry, who?

DawgSmile
Replied on May 16th 2010

I think he's an E88 cape. The Nazi guys.

Feychick
Replied on May 16th 2010

Wouldn't announcing that you're coming alert him and make him not show?

Toyfoxy (Original Poster) (Cape) (New Wave) (Unverified Cutest Fox XP)
Replied on May 16th 2010

Only if he's chicken!

I'll be posting a poll to officially change his name from STORMTIGER to WINDYCHICKEN if he doesn't show his face in a month.

Heck, we can get this over with and meet at Rosemary Park tomorrow at 6

Vista (Wards ENE)
Replied on May 16th 2010

But that's when we have our date!

ToyFoxy (Original Poster) (Cape) (New Wave) (Unverified Cutest Fox XP)
Replied on May 16th 2010

I know! I was thinking we could beat him up and turn him in together! And we can get ice cream after.

If not that's fine! I can reschedule the hunt!

T4ndoris
Replied on May 16th 2010

I'm sorry but you two are perfect together!

Hookwolf (Cape) (Empire 88)
Replied on May 16th 2010

If they were perfect then one of them would be a guy.

ToyFoxy (Original Poster) (Cape) (New Wave) (Unverified Cutest Fox XP)
Replied on May 16th 2010

[deleted]

[Comment violates Non-violence/Threatening policy]

TinMother (Admin)
Replied on May 16th 2010

Just a warning this time.

I understand that what he said could be taken as anti-LGBT hate speech. But it could also be taken as satire as he said nothing blatantly hateful.

Clockblocker (Wards ENE)
Replied on May 16th 2010

I approve of any and all violations when it comes to Hookwolf.

Guy's a dick.

Nod
Replied on May 16th 2010

I saw Kitsu's rply b4 it got deleted.

It was GRAPHIC! And long. Like, holt shit.

I think I need therapy.

SonicTundra
Replied on May 16th 2010

Thanks! Now I'm MORE curious.

Nutty
Replied on May 16th 2010

So, we just leaving the little girl to take on the grown man?

And I thought I was nutty.

Lolitup
Replied on May 16th 2010

This the same little girl who solo'd an endbringer.

Dude's dead.

Sothoth
Replied on May 16th 2010

I'm curious, why him? What'd he do?

Aside from being racist.

Fishie
Replied on May 16th 2010

I'm curious how Vista managed to bag Kitsu the Endstopper.

Like, did she use some foxnip or something?

FlippinMad
Replied on May 16th 2010

Petite girls are best! XD

That's how!

(End of Page 1 of 23)

.

.

Robert "Stormtiger" Goodman POV

.

'Oh fuck!' I think to myself as I read through the comments on my phone.

"What did you do?" Brad asks in a flat tone.

"I DON'T KNOW!" I shout in a panic. "What about you?!"

"What about me?" He asks with a shrug.

"Why would you post that comment!?" I ask. "She's just going to take it out on me now!"

"Man up and stop being a bitch." He says as he flips me off from the couch he's on. "Just some little girl going through a lesbian phase."

"She kicked your ass the last time you two met!" I point out.

"She cheap shotted me in the nuts and you know that!" He says, turning over to sit up and point at me. "Besides, she's a hero now. Lord knows she won't actually hurt you."

Okay, we all know that's not true. Her being a hero just means she can't be as blatant.

"I don't wanna die!" I reiterate.

"Are you seriously scared of a little girl?" He asks.

"I'm scared of the cape who can punch Behemoth's head off!" I inform him.

He just rolls his eyes as he gets up. Heading to the fridge to grab another.

"Maybe I can skip town? Change my name and-"

"You're fighting her." Brad says as he digs a beer out of the fridge.

"What?!" I ask, snapping my head to look back at him.

"I'm not having one of my guys look like a little bitch by refusing to fight a littler bitch." He says as he turns around and forms a hook on his thumb to pop the cap off of the bottle in his hands.

"I'm gunna die." I say with finality as I slump back against the couch I'm on.

.

.

-Sunday, May 16th, 5pm, Dallon House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Looking out at the now holeless yard that I and Jenny fixed. I can't help but think I messed up.

"I don't think grass is supposed to glow." Jenny says.

Took me a while but I figured out that she's XJ9. Just more, human figured. Take Weld, make him a girl, give him blue telescopic eyes, cobalt wired hair, and small seams everywhere that allow for movement of the rigid metal plates. And that's Jenny. Also the soft whirring sounds of her insides. Barely noticeable even by my standards.

"It's not." I answer simply.

"Then why is it?" She asks.

"I like it better this way." I say.

Truth is I'm so used to adding bioluminescence to things. That I did it to the grass seeds I was forcing to grow out of sheer habit.

Now the backyard looks like a landscapist, grassy Jackson Pollock. Lines and splotches of random glowing colors everywhere.

"Um, okay?" She says unsurely.

"Hey this is your fault, so you don't get to be a critic." I tell her. Not wanting to admit this was an accident.

"I said I was sorry!" She defends. "I even helped fix it!"

I just look back out to the now glowing yard. Wondering how I'm going to fix this.

"Eh, oh well." I say with a shrug and turn around to head in.

Let it be tomorrow Kitsu's problem.

.

.

-5:30pm-

.

.

"Why is my yard glowing?" Mom asks sternly as she steps into my room.

"Uhhhhh oops?"

.

.

-Monday, May 17 th, 4:34pm, Rosemary park-

.

.

"So do you think he's actually going to be here?" Vergil asks.

He wasn't scheduled for patrol today. He was on console. But he pulled one of the favors from Chris that he earned through bets to get a switch. He really wants to see an Empire goon get their shit kicked in.

For obvious reasons.

"Dunno." I say as we make our way to the patio of a diner lined on the outskirting road of the park. It's the same park the merchants tore up. And that I later fixed. Aside from the tire marks on some of the trees I fixed, you'd never know this place was used as a demolition derby.

Velocity and Triumph are here as well. His graduation is over and he's a full PRT cape now.

Armsmaster is on mandatory leave. Nothing serious, he just clocks in too many hours for it to be legal. Yes, OSHA will come for everyone, even in an alternate universe.

Seriously, according to Dragon he clocked in ninety five hours last week alone. And he's salary! So more hours doesn't mean more money! That's an average of roughly fifteen hours a day for six days! In a seven day period!

He's not a Noctis cape! He still sleeps! So they're making him take a break before it results in a lawsuit. Oh, and Miss Militia is patrolling the north docks. Rex was bomb fishing this morning so they scheduled her to patrol near there and hopefully get him to stop.

And by bomb fishing I mean fishing with bombs. Not for them. He does that when he's bored.

"If he does show we'll just arrest him." Velocity says with a shrug as we take ours seats at the green tables.

Mine being Missy's lap of course. What? It's not my fault that we conveniently found ourselves at a table without open back chairs.

"Eep!" She gives a soft squeak as I seat myself sideways across her thighs.

"You know there's an open back chMmm!" Triumph goes to say but is cut off as Missy warps space to put her hand over his mouth.

"Ignore him." Missy says as she pulls me into her, hooking her arm around my waist.

It's nice to know she isn't hung up over what happened yesterday. I've learned that Missy simply gets over things and has a, what's done is done, mentality.

I just nuzzle her as a response. Taking in her subtly sweet scent and letting her hold me.

"Don't worry, I already ignore most people." I tell her.

Sitting here I realize something. She's getting taller. Normally I'd be able to just lay my head on her shoulder. Now there's a bit more of a slant. It's minor, but it is there.

'Don't tell me my girlfriend, who is technically younger than me is getting even more taller than me!' I complain to myself.

She's already almost half a foot taller than me! Sitting at about an inch or two above Ben.

"Am I just doomed to be a shortstack?" I think out loud.

"What's that?" Missy asks.

"You're getting taller than me!" I pout as I cross my arms. "It's not fair!"

"Aww, is my little snuggle bug upset at being little?~" She coos as she hugs me tighter and nuzzles into me.

"Yes!" I shout.

"Well, I like you the way you are." She says and kisses my cheek. "Perfect cuddle size."

"You two are sickeningly sweet together." Triumph says.

"Should I be jealous that two twelve year olds have a healthier relationship than I ever have?" Velocity asks.

"Thirteen." I correct him through a mumble.

"Same difference." He says with a wave.

"For you maybe." I point out. "For me it's a fifth of my life."

"A fifth?" Vergil asks.

"I only have five years worth of memories." I explain, turning to him as a waitress comes up and hands us our menus.

"So you're dating a five year old Vista?" Velocity jabs as he picks up the laminated paper.

"Only the cutest five year old." She says as she squeezes me. "Wait, that didn't come out right."

"Don't say anything else." I say in a flat tone as I grab our menu. "You'll only make it worse."

"I'll have the BLT" Velocity says to the lady as she jots down our orders.

"Same but with no bacon." Triumph adds.

"Eh, I'll have the soup of the day." Vergil says with a shrug. Not even looking at the menu.

"Chicken strips with a side of macaroni please." I say happily.

Triumph's paying. And now that I get an allowance I'm saving it up. I have no need to save it up. But it's a fun little thing for me to see how little I use.

"I'll have some seasoned tomato soup." Missy says.

"Drinks?" The waitress asks.

"Water, large." Velocity says.

"Powerade, light ice." Triumph adds.

"Coke." Vergil says.

"We have Pepsi." The waitress says.

"Then I'll have that."

"Fanta!" I say.

"Ice water." Missy answers.

"Why don't you treat yourself?" I ask, turning to her.

"I'm just trying to watch my weight." She says defensively. "We can't all be naturally good looking."

"I'll have you know it takes me an hour and a half to look this good!" I give in rebuttal and curl my tail up to lightly tap her on the head.

In response she lets go of me and grabs my tail. Sending a shiver down my spine at the unexpected contact.

"And I appreciate it so much." She coos as she pets my tail.

"Missy." I hiss in embarrassment. "Not in public."

This is a very intimate thing for me! Dad is the only other person I let pet my tail as a sign of trust. And Mom, but she's never done so.

"This is my payment." She coos, running her fingers through my fur. "For getting more people roped into our date."

"Missy!" I hiss.

"I'll stop." She relents and lets go.

That is my fault. It was just me, Missy, and Chris. Vergil was on console duty today, Velocity was on call like he always is. And Triumph was supposed to take a patrol through the south end of the city with Assault. But got put with us due to my invitation towards Stormtiger.

An invitation that got Mom to chew me out for. Apparently it's "Needlessly reckless and endangering to the public to initiate a cape fight in a public setting" if I had just announced my intent to catch him then there'd be no issue. Technically speaking, being a hero has us always announcing that we're hunting Villains.

"Should we get our own table?" Triumph whispers to Velocity. "I feel like we're intruding."

"Bit late now." He whispers back.

Vergil, who is closer to the two. Stares at them with a raised brow before turning to us.

"Hey, you two wanna be here on your own? Do your own thing?" He asks.

"Yes/I don't care either way." Missy and I say respectively.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

'My little snuggle bug~' I think dreamily as I hold her in my lap while the guys sit at the another table and leave us alone.

She may complain about being shorter, but I like her that way. So cute and small. Soon enough I might be able to carry her! Just the thought of her jumping into my arms has my heart racing in anticipation!

That, and I think her height is nature's compensation for her figure. If I'm getting taller, she's getting curvier. Or, not changing. I'm fine with either really. She can stay my cute little snuggle bug, or be my sexy vixen.

Not that I like her just for her looks or anything! But I can't deny it's part of it. Her slim waist paired with her hips makes for perfect holds! Sitting like this I can just rest my forearm on her hip as we relax our heads together.

"You don't need to get taller." I say softly. "You're perfect the way you are, being my littlesnuggle bug."

"Yeah? Well you don't need to use your powers to reach the knobs on the kitchen sink." She counters with a cute pout as she crosses her arms under her chest. Puffing it up to try and look more assertive.

I don't get attraction to boobs. Only that bigger ones are supposed to be better. And that it's more attractive. Does that make me unattractive? Mine haven't started growing yet while every other girl in my class are already wearing bras. Is that bad? Does Kitsu like big boobs?

"Don't be like that." I say and nuzzle her cheek. "There are ups and downs to it."

"Like what?" She asks.

"It's easier to hold you for one." I say and give her waist a squeeze. "It's easier to cuddle you, easier to sit you in my lap."

"Rmm." She grumbles with a blush.

"And speaking of. Might I add that you look super cute today." I say.

"I-I look cute all the time." She stutters out adorably. "What's d-different about today?"

"I just think you look better when you're in my arms." I say, stealing a line I read online.

Cheesy and sappy. But that's what she likes.

Her tail swishes harder as her ears splay back. Her face beet red as she whines.

"What's gotten into you today?" She asks with a squeak.

"We're on a date. Alone, and I have this adorable ball of fluff in my lap." I say and hold her tighter. "And the way she's squealing and blushing is about to get her kissed."

Before she can respond I take my hand and tilt her chin up. Giving her a quick kiss. Pulling back as her tail begins wagging hard enough to nearly rock the chair we're in.

"That's not fair!" She whines. "You don't get to just do that!"

"I jut did!" I beam.

Truth is, this is embarrassing as all hell. The fact that we don't have anyone actively looking towards us is the only thing keeping my act together. That and her reactions. She's just so adorable! And her tail wagging is making her butt do the little wiggle thing in my lap!

'Aaaaah!' I squeal on the inside. 'You're too cute!'

I kiss her again. Not being able to hold myself back at the sight of my flustered girlfriend. Her lips are so soft. And I hold her closer. Silently cursing the armored padding of my costume.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Missy is a good kisser. Hell, she's amazing at it. With such soft, pouty lips. I wasn't lying when I said she had kissable lips. Not that I have anything to compare her to, but I'm pretty sure she set the bar high.

We separate and I open my eyes to stare at her. Somehow relaxed and yet not at the same time.

"You're really good at that." I say.

"Here you two lovebirds go!" The waitress from earlier says cheerfully as she places our food down.

I was so distracted by Missy's kisses that I didn't hear or smell her walk up.

"Oh!" I say in surprise. "Thank you!"

"You're more than welcome." She smiles before leaving.

"Okay, we should probably get one of the other chairs now." Missy says.

"Why?" I ask.

"How am I going to eat?" She asks.

'Oh.' I realize before getting an idea. 'This is the perfect time to live out that fantasy!'

I bounce a little in Missy's lap. Unable to contain my excitement at the idea as I squeal and wiggle in place.

"K-Kitsu, w-what are you doing?" Missy asks shakily as her heart beats louder.

I just turn in her lap to face her better. Using illusionary bricks to push the chair forward as I grin at her. I take the spoon from her soup bowl and bring it to her.

"Say ahh~" I say as her heart pounds.

"Ahh?" She says tentatively as I put the spoon in her mouth. "Humph."

'This is awesome!' I think to myself as I try and stay still. My wagging tail not helping.

I slid the spoon out of her mouth and give her a quick kiss.

"That's how you can eat." I say cheekily and continue to feed her.

After eating our lunches and finishing our patrol of the area. We head our separate ways. With me going home and them heading to the Rig.

"See you Wednesday." Missy says. "With less tagalongs hopefully."

"Hmm." I nod with a hum before quickly grabbing her face and pulling her down for a kiss.

I enjoy the sound of her surprised squeak as I wrap my arms around her neck and press our lips together. Just when she regains her barring's and goes to hold me back and return the kiss. I disengage and give her a wink.

"Revenge for the tail~" I say and stick my tongue out at her playfully before speeding off.

"Tease!" She shouts back to me.

I am. And I enjoy it. Especially with Missy. Her little squeaks and eeps of surprise always brighten my day. And I know how much she stares. Kind of hard not to. Amy loves pointing it out to mess with me. Every stare, blush, and I can hear the hitch in her breath every time I stretch or bend over.

I have a good figure and it's only getting better. That's not arrogance, it's fact. It's just that before, I only had creepy old guys and ladies giving me unwanted attention. And I'm not too ashamed to admit that it made me insecure about myself. Now that I have someone who's attention I want on me, well, it's amazing what wanted attention can do for one's self esteem.

But enough about my girlfriend and her thirst for my body. I have plans to make.

I'mma prove Kenta wrong! I haven't gone soft!

As I head off and make it home. I get home to see Dad still isn't back yet by the clear lack of his car in the driveway. And that means neither is Vicky as they patrol together.

Jenny is staying with Gully for now until the construction workers are done with their new homes. The southern docks housing unit. Which is just the visitor center repurposed. Should be done in about a week and a half. All of the structural stuff is in place. It's just a matter of refurbishing and replacing the electrical stuff. Not like we're erecting a whole new building from scratch.

The ferry itself is what's going to take a full month of renovation. Two and a half weeks or so if we pay extra for round the clock work.

But, enough about future plans.

Instead let's focus on present happenings!

Stormtiger never showed up. So either he didn't get my challenge, or chickened out.

Which just means I get to do this the fun way!

Night patrol bitches!

.

.

-Earlier-

.

.

Robert "Stormtiger" Goodman POV

.

"I'm telling you boss. She ain't here!" I say over the phone. "Must've rescheduled for her date."

"Are you actually there?" Brad asks over the phone.

"I am!" I defend myself.

"Send a pic." He demands.

"Really?" I ask.

"Yes."

I sigh and open my camera. Taking a picture of the brand new Rosemary park sign. Just put up after the Merchants attack. And send it to him through a text.

"You're not in costume, are you?" He seethes.

"Of course I'm in uniform!" I defend.

I'm not. No way in hell am I fighting someone who'll rip my arm and beat me with it! And put it back on backwards and act like nothing happened!

"Then why are the people in the background unconcerned about an Empire cape being out in the open?" He asks in clear disbelief. "You got a stranger power I don't know about?"

"Wha.. I.. boss.. yo.. i.."

"Don't you DARE fucking try tha-" He yells loud enough for the people around me to hear, and to give me weird looks.

*Click*

I hang up before he can finish.

"Sorry about that folks!" I say to the people staring at me. "Angry boss, he thought I worked today when I don't." I try and laugh off nervously.

I am, so dead.

.

.

-9pm, Inner city-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

This is boring.

"You can't do this!" The goon In jeans and a wife beater cries as I drag him by the foot.

"Then how am I?" I ask sarcastically as I kick open the door to the roof of the apartment complex and exposing us the night air. The dark of night proving no issue for me.

I dragged him up the stairs. Pulling him by the ankle. Making sure to touch skin so I can heal every bruise as it happens. Don't want any evidence of, excessive force after all.

"Why? Why me?!" He asks frantically.

"Because you're an Empire goon." I state the obvious.

"You don't know that!" He tries.

I stop dragging the skinhead and stare at him. Then point to the 88 tattoo on his neck. Just under his ear. And the swastika on his shoulder.

"That can mean anything!" He says weakly with wide eyes. "Freedom of expression!"

"In Brockton Bay?" I say flatly.

"Maybe I'm not from here!" He tries.

I just use an illusionary clamp to hold his ankle and float him up. Staring him in the eye.

"Really now." I say. "Alright, say I believe you. Where are you from?"

"Uh, New York?" He tries.

"Where in New York?" I ask.

"New York City?"

"What area?" I ask.

I only know the popular ones from media. Manhattan, Queens, Bronx, Staten island. That's about it. Hell, I'm pretty sure one of those is wrong.

"Uh, Manhattan?"

I drop him with a sigh. Letting him fall head first. Smacking his head on the grey concrete of the buildings roof. Bored with the back and forth.

"Aargh!" He cries as he hits his head. "Fucking bitch!" He curses as he cradles the back of his head.

"A female fox is a Vixen." I correct him.

"Fuck you!" He says

"Eh, not my type." I shrug. "Maybe if you younger, less racist, and in a universe where I was dead. Then you might've had a chance."

"What?" He asks as he squints up at me.

"Eh, that was a bit long winded." I concede. "I'm losing my touch."

I reach down and grab his face, rearranging his body as . Turning off his motor neurons in the process. All the pain of internal surgery, none of the anesthetic.

After a bit I get done and reactivate his neurons. Letting go of him as collapses onto his hands and knees.

"Fuck!" He cries. "What, is that it? A little pain?" He taunts as he smiles up at me.

I give a strengthened kick to his jaw that sends him flying back. Not hard enough to kill or knock out. But hard enough to crack his jaw and maybe a few teeth.

"Aaagh!" He cries out as he flies back and smacks his head against the roof again.

"If it was pain I was going for. I have more, creative ways of applying it." I say as I walk around him. "Look at your hands."

After he gets done caressing his jaw, he does so and screams in shock.

"Aaaaaah! No, no!" He screams and stands up. Taking off his shirt to get a better look at himself. "Why?!"

I made him black. Not really, but his skin tone is now a nice mocha.

"Eh, it's not hard." I say. "Just reforming the melanocytes and-"

"I can't! You, you gotta change me back!" He starts begging. "I, I can't go back as some, some, some god damned cotton picker!" He cries as he looks at himself.

"Cotton pick- do you guys have nothing better to do than come up with racist stuff?" I ask with a tone of abhorrence.

'Like, seriously, how much free time do you have?' I ponder.

I'm tempted to let him stay this way just for that.

'Maybe I should call Vergil. Let him have a say in this.' I think to myself. 'Wait, is it racist to call Vergil when it comes to this? I mean, I don't think it is. But the whole reason I would call him is because he's black. And that just sounds racist.'

"I'll lick your feet if I have to!" His begging continues.

"Huh, oh um. Just tell me where to find Stormtiger." I say nonchalantly. "Then I can change you back."

"Five fifty four prairie street!" He says. "Hookwolf is making a show of him for not answering your challenge. Now please!"

"Wait, that's literally five blocks from here." I point out. "Were you on your way over?"

"Yes! Now please!" He begs. "Don't leave me like this!"

"Hmm, gimme a sec. I need a second opinion." I say as I pull out my phone.

"What? No! Change me back!"

I just ignore the rambling black nazi. Lower case n. They don't deserve for their word to be a noun.

…

…

"Kitsu? Wha iz it?" Vergil says sleepily.

"Hey, Static Shock!" I say loud enough for the guy to hear.

"Okay, cape shit. Got it." He groans out.

"Static! Language!" I chastise.

"Too tired. Is it important?" He says with a sigh.

The goon is not being quiet. I'm just ignoring him.

"Well I got an Emp-"

I'm stopped as the man picks me up. And starts shaking me. In response I kick him in the chest. Hard enough to crack his ribs and slam him back into the railing with a crack and a clang.

"Aaah! Oh, ah god!" He cries as his hands go to his back.

"What was that?" Vergil asks sounding a lot more awake.

"What I was calling you about." I inform him. "I got an Empire grunt here, I made him black!"

"… Come again?"

"I made him into a member of the African American community!" I inform him cheerfully.

"Fuck you!" He cries out.

"Not even in your dreams, creep!" I shout back. "So anyway, he told me what I want to know so, I wanted your opinion, change him back or not?"

"Change him back." He says with a sigh.

"Aw, really dedicated to the whole hero thing huh. Won't even let him get karma'd." I say in a sickeningly sweet tone as I stare at the racist currently cradling his back and gasping for air as he sobs.

"There's that." He concedes. "And there's also the fact that if you put him on the streets like that he won't last a day. I'm assum'n he's got tattoo marking'em as Empire. Yeah, he'd be dead."

"You hear that." I say as walk up to him and put my foot on his head. "A black guy is worried about you. Doesn't want you to get hurt."

I know I'm going a bit far with this. But he's a literal nazi! Swastika on him and everything!

"Psht!" He spits out some blood. "Pleash, it, it hursh."

"Don't get blood on my shoes." I say with a sneer, holding the phone away from me so Vergil can't hear. "If you do I'll make you a woman and leave you in one of the ABB brothels."

They may not, employ, children there anymore. But the brothels are far from a happy place. For one, four out of five people, working, there, are not there by choice. Two, they have, genre specials for big spenders. Snuff, humiliation, drugging, stuff like that.

Pay enough and you can do just about anything. Even take a souvenir. And I don't just mean the STD's.

"That and, as black man with fourteen years of experience, I speak for the community when I say we don't want'em." Vergil adds. "Was that it? Can I sleep now?"

"Yeah you're good. I got this." I say and hang up

I only called him for the laughs. If I left this guy the way he is now I'd get in trouble.

I put a hand on him and start rearranging his body. Turning his skin tone back to Caucasian and fixing his ribcage. Spine too. The cracked jaw as well. And I put a little allergy to bananas in him. Nothing deadly.

"There you go." I say and pat him on the cheek. "Have fun with the therapy you're going to need."

It may seem hypocritical of me to do this while Vicky gets in trouble for brutalizing people. But there are two key differences between what she does, and what I do. I know exactly how much the body can take. And I ever do go too far?

I know how to not leave evidence.

Leaving him, I head down the street towards the location he mentioned. Taking my time as I stroll leisurely through the streets. Few people out, pretty sure some of them heard what was going on but. Well, gang territory, they know to not get involved.

"Let's see, four five seven, four five six, four five five, four five four!" I say aloud as I find myself at a convenience store at the corner of the street.

The place is just a blue roofed, run down. GTA gas station looking place. Complete with a bored teen sitting in a chair while reading a magazine behind the counter.

*Ba-ding*

The bell chimes as I enter, already hearing a distant crowd as I enter. The smell of nicotine and blood in the air. Poorly covered up by air fresheners and cleaner.

"Hmm?" The kid mumbles as he looks up from the magazine he's reading. "Oh shit!"

He drops the magazine as he gets up and goes to the counter in a panic.

Rolling my eyes I flick my wrist towards him as illusionary shackles pull him back against the wall.

"Judging by that reaction." I say as I walk towards him and hop up to sit on the counter. "You know why I'm here."

"W-what are you talking about?" He stutters.

"Don't play dumb. I just got done with one guy playing dumb just to find this place." I say as I rest my head in my hand. "I'm not in the mood for another."

"I, uh. You just." He stutters and I roll my eyes.

Looking around the place, I spot a few security cameras. Which means that this is a far as I can go to get info out of him. Destroying the cameras will only incriminate me. The only reason I can get away with this much is cause I can claim his sudden movement startled me. He's taller guy and I am a little girl after all.

Not that anyone who knows me would believe it.

"Do you wanna just tell me where they are?" I say, bored and tired.

I could find it on my own with my ears. But this is about sending a message.

He doesn't say anything. And instead just looks to the employees only door.

"Seriously?" I ask and walk past him. Dropping him as I pass through the door.

Walking into the backroom of store. A derelict brick space with shelves of stock. An office with a window viewing into it and past it a door that has a sign saying.

(Liquor closet.)

(No employees under 18 allowed in)

"Darn! This door says I'm not allowed in." I say with a shrug.

Before grabbing the bulbous doorknob and ripping the door off its hinges.

*Snap*

Only to misjudge the strength of the door. The cheap plywood, makeshift piece of shit. All I did was rip the knob out and break part of the frame the knob was at. The door slowly creaking open as a result.

"Shame I was never good at following directions." I say as I walk through the doorway.

It really is a liquor closet. With metal shelves on one side holding a bunch of alcohol. Whiskey, rum, vodka. Those sorts of things. But what gets my attention is the black metal storm hatch that covers the back half of the small room. A rolled up rug next to it.

"Boss we got a cape!" I hear the guy from the front say.

That's fine. Let them know I'm on my way. I'm not some ambush predator who'll quit once I've lost the element of surprise. I'm a strike predator. I begin an assault and put my all into it. Never backing off.

Making my way to the latch I see that it's unlocked. So, I open it to see a set of stairs that lead down. Making my way down to the sounds of a crowd. I turn around and close the hatch. Using my strength to bend the metal and seal it shut for any non cape.

I turn invisible just for the added effect of when I get there. They're expecting me.

As I get down the hall and closer the commotion. I find myself passing through an open archway into a large concrete room. Lit with cheap lighting and with several people all staring down to into a pit. The sounds of barking and flesh tearing now distinguishable from the crowd.

Making an invisible platform under my feet. I rise up on it to get a better view. Stormtiger is in the pit. And he's tearing apart dogs that get sent at him. His invisible claws of swirling air barely visible as blood is occasionally coated on them. Only to be splashed off in the same instance.

There's already a decent pile of dead dogs. All different breeds laying in heaps around him.

"Am I done yet?" He asks with a tired shrug towards the commentators box. "How many is that? Twenty? Thirty?"

"You're done when I say you're done." A familiar voice echoes over a speaker above the makeshift caged room.

'Wolfy!' I think excitedly.

"Look, toss as many dogs as you want at me. I'm not fighting the Endstopper!" He shouts.

'Perfect.' I think with a sadistic glee.

Hovering my platform over the crowd. I descend into the pit with Stormtiger and the dead dogs. Putting myself just behind him.

"Unfortunately." I say as I drop my invisibility. "You don't get a choice."

The crowd goes silent at my sudden appearance. And I savor the sight of Stormtiger flinching.

"Hi! I'm Kitsu!" I say with a toothy grin.

Before he can react, I grab his arm and swing him towards the wall of the pit.

"Well, if it ain't the baby dyke herself." I hear Hookwolf say as Stormtiger stops himself from hitting the wall by hovering in the air.

"Just for that one!" I say as I point to the commentators booth, not bothering to look at him. "After I'm done with the airbender's rejected understudy I'm going to make sure you're last!"

"And how is that a threat?"

Ignoring him, I look around to see if there are any cameras in here. Not seeing any, I smile at Stormtiger.

"This is going to be fun~" I say and make an illusionary plate form where his shoulder is.

Invisible, of course.

He goes to move, only to fall over as his arm falls the moment he moves.

"What the fuck?!" He shouts in confusion as he looks to his arm. "Oh god! Oh, oh why?! Ah! Aaaah!"

"Darn, incoherent already?" I tsk at him with a shake of my head.

I start my way over to him as the crowd panics for the exit.

"Stay back!" He shouts as he starts scooting back. "I mean it!"

"You're losing a lot of blood there pal." I say as I keep moving.

"I-I surrender!" He shouts.

I stop in my tracks.

'Was not expecting that.' I think in surprise.

Can't really go any further. Armsy will want to talk to him. And I can get in a lot of trouble for refusing a surrender.

"You spineless piece of shit!" Hookwolf shouts.

I hear slams and crashing in the booth. And soon a massive wolf made of, guess what? Hooks!

Naming yourself after your power is easily the stupidest thing you can do. Just tells everyone what you can do.

Like, oh no! They brought a fire truck! How did they know my weakness?! Says The Human Torch.

As I'm ranting inside my head about Hookwolf and his dumb name. He charges at me. A four legged amalgamation of moving hooks and barbs.

I jump back and grab Stormtiger. Reattach his arm and shut off his motor neurons in quick succession. Rendering him as limp as his boss's dick.

With Hookwolf mere feet away I jump up and out of the pit, dragging the vegetative Stormtiger with me by his wrist. With the metal mutt man leaping after. Trampling a few of his own guys and ripping them apart as he follows me. A veritable blender in action.

"If you get blood on me I will make you an Asian!" I shout back. "Or Samoan! Hell! I might even go extra and make you an Inuit!"

The threat of turning him into a minority doesn't stop him. Or his disregard for his own people as he continues his run. At this point I've run full circle around the pit. And I make a saucer to float above the bodies and entrails.

I'm not fighting Hookwolf for two main reasons. One, I'm here for Stormtiger. Not him. I'm going to take Stormtiger while Hookwolf is powerless to stop me. Sending a message of inevitability for future hunts. If Hookwolf couldn't stop me from taking his subordinate. Then who can?

The other reason is his hooks. They'll shred my clothes! Besides, not like he's killing anyone important. Just a bunch of neo-nazi skinheads.

After flying in a circle for a second time. I decide to head out the hall. With Wolfy unable to follow due to his size.

I pass over barrel through several people. All stuck in the hall as they're trapped. The door being bent shut.

I just pick up speed and knock them over. Before barreling out and busting the hatch open with sheer force.

I zip around and speed out of the convenience store. Making sure to accidently break the liquor shelves with Stormtiger on my way out.

Oops.

I speed out through the store. And seeing the guy from earlier back in his chair reading his magazine. I run by and steal it out of his hands on the way. Just because.

I run down the street and take a few corners. Leaving Empire territory and entering PRT territory. I'm constantly healing Stormtiger of the road rash I'm giving him as I run. Though he's still going to be banged up when I turn him in. Can't make it too obvious that I'm healing him constantly.

As I reach the waterfront and prepare to hover on a saucer the rest of the way to the Rig. I stop as I spot a familiar face. Bandana and all.

"Hi Miss Militia!" I shout and wave. "Look what I got!"

I raise the bloodied and bruised form of Stormtiger up as best I can for her to see.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Mark "DJ" Sheppard POV

.

"This is, nice." I say at the warehouse.

It's a dump. Cobwebs and dust everywhere. To say nothing of the rube and debris. But I'm not going to say that to my new team.

"It's a dump." The blonde girl, Lisa says. "You can just say it."

"Just moved in not two days ago." The curly haired kid says from the couch. "Haven't even moved half our shit."

I think his name is Alex.

"His name's Alec." Lisa says from the table.

"Oh, I didn't want to be rude." I say apologetically. "And thank you."

"That's alright." Brian says from the far corner in the back as he picks up a crate. "We're not oblivious to our shortcomings."

"Well, do you need any help?" I ask, not really comfortable with just standing around.

"You can come with me and help me grab some stuff from the old base." Brian says. "It's a coin toss on whether or not we'll see some action."

"I already told you that the base's location hasn't been ratted out." Lisa says with a frown.

"You also said Kitsu wouldn't be at the transport." Brian shoots back.

"She fucks with my power!" She defends. "You know that's not fair."

"What are the odds Kitsu is at the base?" He asks as he sets the crate down. "Hmm?"

"Argh!" Lisa cries as she winces. A clear sign a Thinker has an immediate backfire.

"That's what I thought." He says. "DJ, you comin?"

"Out of costume you can just call me Mark." I tell him. "And yeah, I can help."

Thus began my uneventful first day as a member of the Undersiders.

.

.

Bonus2

.

.

Missy and Kitsu's relationship dynamic.

Missy: Is professional and reserved, shy in public but is slowly gaining confidence. Missy values privacy and as such doesn't typically like public displays of affection. It makes her feel as though her relationship is there for the peoples entertainment. Kitsu takes advantage of this and teases her relentlessly. Making a game of how flustered she can make Missy become. When they're alone or not in public, Missy tends to be the dominant partner. Teasing and coddling Kitsu, taking advantage of any opportunity to be with her. And tries to push boundaries to see how far she can get. Having a very poorly hidden attraction towards her.

Things she likes about Kitsu: Her energy, sense of grandeur, silliness, touchy-feely behavior, intelligence, confidence, voice, eyes, tail, waist and her butt.

Things she dislikes about Kitsu: The public teasing, how she gets distracted easily, her merciless and often uncaring behavior towards those she doesn't like.

Love language: Talk. Missy expresses her affection best through words, though lacks the confidence to do so often.

.

Kitsu: Energetic and outgoing, Kitsu is the gatekeeper of their relationship. Kitsu has always lived with a devil may care attitude and that applies to her relationship. She enjoys the attention Missy showers on her and in public is the dominant partner. Mostly due to her naturally outgoing personality. However she becomes easily flustered when Missy turns it around on her. She is aware of Missy's lust towards her and enjoys using it to tease her. A little fun fact is that Kitsu finds Missy's lap to be uncomfortable with how skinny she is, but constantly sits in it to both be closer to her, and because she knows Missy likes it.

Things she likes about Missy: Her patience, confidence, professionalism, creativity, how easy she is to tease, her smile, lips, height, and how she gives as well as she gets when they're in private.

Things she dislikes about Missy: There isn't anything Kitsu really dislikes about Missy.

Love language: Touch. Kitsu is a very physical and animated person. She expresses her affection though physical contact. Hugs, kisses, hand holding, hair brushing ect. Not necessarily romantic, but all forms of love. Scratching her ears is a sign of affection equivalent to a hug. And letting someone pet her tail is a massive sign of trust seeing as her tail is very sensitive and it's easy to hurt her with it.

.

.

.

A/N

.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

.

FOR [Conduit]!

Grimnosh: Given your past usage, could you fix Leet's Shard and stop it from trying to kill him?

[Conduit]: [Answer: Yes] [Addendum: Iteration; This Unit Would Not Do So] [Reasoning: Risk Of This Units Discovery Too High]

RadChaos897: What are the conditions for a living being to Trigger? Or more specifically, how can an artificial being Trigger?

[Conduit]: [Primary Criteria: Sentience/Self Awareness] [Secondary Criteria: Emotional Expression]

RadChaos897: Do Shards dream of multi-dimensional sheep? Or are you more of a goat kind of Shard?

[Conduit]: [Neither]

RadChaos897: Do Shards have genders? Or is it more like a way to distinguish yourself? Or did your species evolve past such simple descriptors?

[Conduit]: [Identifiers Are Used For Convenience And Communication Purposes]

RadChaos897: I remember that some Shards (Queen Administrator & Queen Shaper according to the Faerie Queen/Glaistig Uaine/Ciara) are designated Queens, but are there King Shards? Do Princess and Prince Shards exist? Emperor and Empress Shards? Why the royal hierarchy names?

[Conduit] [Designations Such As; Queen; Are Arbitrary Titles Given By Humans] [Ranking Is Based On [Data] Storage] [King Is Equivalent to King; Gendered Designation Is Dependent On Host]

NEWB: I'mma take over and translate here. The titles Queen and Princess were given by the Faerie Queen to distinguish more important and powerful shards. Amy has [Princess Shaper] and Taylor had [Queen Administrator] the gender being reliant on the host.

The royal hierarchy scheme is merely to distinguish their importance. Under this naming system [Conduit] would be [Queen Manipulator]

.

FOR KITSU!

RadChaos897: Are you more of a turkey or ham girl on thanksgiving? Or is it just mushroom pizzas all year round?

Kitsu: I'm more of a mashed potatoes girl. I can't stand any kind of pork though. Except for porkchops.

RadChaos897: Since arriving to Earth Bet, what has been the most "wait, that doesn't exist here?!" moments you've had.

Kitsu: Avatar: The Last Airbender. I found out it doesn't exist and I fell apart. Life was meaningless, choice was nothing but an illusion.

Then I found out it still exists on Earth-Aleph and I got better.

RadChaos897: Since one of your outfits is Gawr Gura's Hoodie and streaming is a thing due to Eric's Pinky Walk-In incident that got me wondering, do you want to start Vtubers?

Kitsu: Why start Vtubing when I can I just dominate the market as a real life anime girl!?

NEWB: GADDAMNIT RAD! STOP PREDICTING THE FUTURE!

RadChaos897: Have you thought of working with Leet of Uber & Leet? He may not be the most pleasant person to work with, but his Tinker power can be useful to you at least. If not that, then maybe you could toss him a couple "ideas" for video games that don't exist yet or haven't existed. There is plenty of money to be made with your future/alternate dimension knowledge of games.

Kitsu: No, they are genuinely despicable people. Their last stream was over Halo: Combat Evolved. And they went around beating up minorities as the Aliens.

To say nothing of the fact that Leet wears t-shirts mocking victims of The Nine.

And no, I've never met them. But I'll break his arm for the "Siberian Snack Time" tee shirt he wore and posted saying. (At least they were tasty! That's gotta be some consolation.)

NEWB: Check the Wiki. They really are meant to be horrid people. A sort of, Logan and Jake Paul, Billy Mitchell, Sneako, amalgamation with zero self awareness as to how bad they are. I understand why many authors give them a glow up. But it's like making Stormfront not racist and just having it always been that way with no explanation.

RadChaos897: On a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being "I hate it here and I want to blow it all up before peaceing out" and 10 being "I want to die and reincarnate here again", how has your experience with Earth Bet been?

Kitsu: 3. There are worse places to wind up. At least this place has internet.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas and motivation moving forward. I especially love it when you guys speculate or make guesses as I do use them and they give me ideas.
Find in newb's-grotto at the discord!

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Taylor Klatt, SolverFollower, Vanir and 191 others
Newb to the game
May 15, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 38 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
May 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#334
A/N Open season Pt. 2

Alt title: They can't all be winners.

.

.
Update from original time of posting, late November 2023
A gift fro me to you! I really pumped this one out fast.

I'm really just drowning myself in writing.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Monday, May 17th, 10:20pm, Waterfront-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Look what I got!" I shout excitedly towards Miss Militia as I hold up Stormtiger by the wrist.

She looks over at me in surprise. Stepping away from her bike to get a better look in the dim light of night.

"Kitsu?" She asks in confusion.

"The one and only!" I beam. "And this guy!" I wave his arm a bit.

She jogs over to me and comes to stop about five feet away.

"Um, okay then." She says. "Didn't you just announce your intent to capture him little more than a day ago? How'd you find him so fast?"

"I just tracked down an Empire grunt and asked him where I could find him." I say with a shrug.

She cocks a brow at that. Clearly not believing me.

"Fine, I used my illusions to make him think I used my biokinesis to turn him black." I lie. "Then said if he didn't tell me that I'd leave him like that. He sung like a bird."

Can't tell her I used my biokinesis to actually do it. That violates three different medical laws and at least two different laws regarding use of powers on civilians.

"Okay, just sit tight and I'll radio in a squad car." She says.

"Works for me." I say cheerfully. "I was just gonna drop him off at the Rig."

"Don't do that." She says tiredly as she presses a button on the radio clipped to her chest.

*Krcht*

"This is Miss Militia requesting a squad car for cape transport, over."

…

"Copy that Miss Militia, transport inbound and awaiting location, over."

"Georges street, Waterfront, over." She says.

I still don't get how people can just, memorize the street layouts. Miss Militia I get, her power is literally memorization. But like Missy or Chris?

"Copy, ETA twelve minutes, out."

*Krcht*

"Okay, now." She says turning to me. "Why are you holding that?" She asks, pointing to the magazine.

I look down to it. Only to see it's a porno mag inside a normal magazine. And the way I'm holding it has it open to a centerfold. Two very well endowed girls tangled on top of each other, staring at camera in nothing but lacy lingerie.

"Uh." I get out, unable to find a reasonable explanation.

"Look, I get it." She says. "You're a growing girl and you're curious. But you shouldn't take those things out of your room."

I just enhance my hands body temp in embarrassment.

*Fwoomf*

And set my hand and the magazine on fire.

"You saw nothing!" I say and point at her, dropping Stormtiger in the process.

And of course it's the woman with the power to never forget shit! Who saw me with a porno mag.

God I hope that doesn't get back to mom.

.

.

Parahumans Online

You are currently logged in: ToyFoxy

You are currently viewing:

Topic: Still bored
IN: Boards- Location- America- Brockton Bay
Original poster: ToyFoxy(Cape)(New Wave)(Unverified Cutest Fox XP)
Posted On May 18th 2010

Just got done with Stormtiger.

[image]

He surrendered and Hookwolf tried to stop me. Killed a bunch of his own guys in the process.

Kinda boring ngl

Oh well, Blue Hawk, you're next.

(Showing Page 1 of 47)

Feychick
Replied on May 18th 2010

Holy shit! I take back my earlier statement!

And casually calling out Blue Hawk? Talk about a power move!

Antigone
Replied on May 18th 2010

Damn! Didn't even last three days!

We're looking at the fall of an empire boys!

Aku-42
Replied on May 18th 2010

Going after Blue Hawk? Good.

That wannabe police academy dropout needs taken of the streets ASAP.

Boosher
Replied on May 18th 2010

Agreed! Guys nothing but a racist who thinks he's some sort of super cop.

Chaosfaith
Replied on May 18th 2010

How has he managed to not get captured yet? He's out almost all the time.

Bagrat (The guy in the know)
Replied on May 18th 2010

He chooses neighborhoods based on recent PRT patrols. And goes there when they're not.

Mane Magenta
Replied on May 18th 2010

I say we should just off him. Guys a menace who deserves a kill order.

He put my mother in a coma for "Suspicious behavior"

She was smoking a cigarette in a park!

Chrome
Replied on May 18th 2010

He's almost as bad as Hookwolf. Hell if he had Hookwolfs power he'd be worse.

At least Hookwolf doesn't go around saying he's a hero.

Blue Hawk[BANNED] (Cape) (Empire 88)
Replied on May 18th 2010

[Deleted]

[Post violates Non-violence/Threatening Policy, Anti-Hate Speech Policy, Graphic Content Policy]

TinMother (Admin)
Replied on May 18th 2010

Last warning.

Take a two week ban.

One more violation and your account will be locked.

Static Shock (Cape) (Ward ENE)
Replied on May 18th 2010

If Kitsu is as quick with him as she was with Stormtiger then he may not be out long enough to post again.

Robby
Replied on May 18th 2010

OMG! That's hilarious!

Taking bets now! Who'll last longer, Blue Hawk or his ban?

boaty5
Replied on May 18th 2010

That's a fools bet.

Bruce Lao
Replied on May 18th 2010

Is it just E88? Who's next? Mercants? ABB? Faultline?

Vista (Cape) (Ward ENE)
Replied on May 18th 2010

You're not going to schedule this one over our date again are you?

ToyFoxy(Original Poster) (Cape) (New Wave) (Unverified Cutest Fox XP)
Replied on May 18th 2010

I said I was sorry! I didn't know we'd get so many tagalongs!

Vista (Cape) (Ward ENE)
Replied on May 18th 2010

Just teasing you! ;)

Gogmazios (Veteran Poster)
Replied on May 18th 2010

I'm just glad the resident nutjob didn't make it to the first page.

(End of Page 1 of 47)

.

.

-6pm, Dallon House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I'm laying on my bed. Head and arms over the side texting Missy. Kratos resting on my back.

I got his intelligence up. He's now more akin to a baby crow. Smart, but still learning.

And still very lazy.

(I was thinking the arcade?)-K

(I'm alright with that)-M

(Great! I can handle now thx to the hearing aids :D)-K

(Can't wait! Xoxoxoxo)-M

(Surprised you didn't just use x)-K

(?)-M

(With how much you kiss me)-K

(It's your fault for being so kissable)-M

(My Kissy Missy)-K

(Never say that in public. Ever)-M

(U call me Snuggle Bug in public)-K

(No I don't! I call you MY Snuggle Bug!)-M

(And your MY Baby! X))-K

We go back and forth like this for a bit longer. Just teasing and bickering playfully.

.

.

Max "Kaiser" Anders POV

.

'This, is not good.' I think to myself as I read the page.

Kitsu, The Endstopper Child is bored. That's normal, children get bored all the time. Hell, two of my three sons are notorious for starting problems out of boredom. It's just something kids do.

Only problem is that when they get bored. They super glue all the glassware in the house to where it is. When Kitsu gets bored she apparently goes on a villain collection spree!

And she's chosen us. Whether or not she's targeting us consecutively or just picking capes at random is up in the air. It is possible that it's random. The Empire does have the most capes in the city. Unless you combine New Wave and the PRT.

I always knew taking over after my father and sister died would be a risky endeavor. But why try and build an empire when you can just take one? The only real issue being that as a white supremacist group. It's impossible to garner any public support. Unlike the ABB who protects the Asian community, sort of. Or Faultline who's notorious for her bleeding heart. Or the Merchants who have property that they freely let the homeless stay in and the soup kitchens they keep stocked.

Not that they're of any decent quality. But it's enough that people aren't chasing them out.

Still, it's a tool for control. I just hope it doesn't bite me and that Kitsu really is just bored and taking potshots at random. And not aiming to topple an empire.

Though, a small part of me fears that toppling an empire is how she's alleviating her boredom.

.

.

-Wednesday, May 19th, 4:30pm, Boardwalk, Johnny's Arcade-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I'm waiting outside the arcade with Dennis and Dean. It feels weird to patrol with Dean now. He was my first crush. And he's single again.

I know what I told Dennis during his and Kitsu's date, but a girl can dream!

'Wait.' I realize with a growing dread as I remember the date. 'Dennis!'

"Everything okay Vista?" Dean asks.

"Yeah!" My voice cracks. "Yeah, yeah just um. How about you and Clockblocker go ahead and get some patrol distance in?" I suggest.

'Take the hint take the hint for the love of God take the hint!' I beg internally.

"Nah we're good." Dennis answers for him. "Haven't been here in a fat minute. Wanna see if I still have the high score on the bar catch machine."

"You mean the one you cheated on four times with your power. Just so you could have the top four scores say Cum In My Ass?" Dean says the last part in a hushed voice.

I could've gone my entire life and not known that.

"Pfft! Hehheh, good times." Dennis chuckles.

"I'm sure it's still there." I tell him. "But what about the video store? Check out what they got?"

My thoughts are interrupted by the sudden weight that slams into me and squeezes itself to my side.

"Vista!/Aaah!" Kitsu and I cry out.

"Stop that!" I tell her.

"Never." She says and pulls me in for a kiss.

I accept. Nothing I can do to stop her. Well, there's a lot I could do. I just don't want to.

We separate and I get a better look at her. She's in that super cute outfit from the mall! The one with the white and blue shirt, leggings and wavy yellow skirt! Sunglasses to protect her eyes from the flashing lights in the arcade and a tennis hat to hold her ears down.

I now understand the attraction to boobs. Because the way that shirt hugs her is amazing and really brings out her figure and draws attention to her waist.

She gives a small teasing smile and giggles.

"Here, hold my hand." She says and takes my hand in hers as she guides me into the arcade. "I can't have my baby getting lost!"

'Nnoooowoooh!' I whine to myself. Melting at her words as she drags me away.

.

.

Dean "Gallant" Stansfield POV

.

'I get what she was implying now' I think to myself as she gets carted away by the one girl army. Her earlier spike of worry and fear now making sense.

Kitsu purposefully ignored me and Dennis, and Dennis gave a slight spike of anxiety at seeing Kitsu. I know I have a bad habit of jumping to conclusions. But this one seems pretty clear cut.

"Let's uh, go check out those movies." Dennis suggests.

"Yeah, good idea."

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"Come on!" Kitsu says. "What do you want to do first?"

"Um." I say as I think to myself. Looking around the arcade as I do.

There's a few kids and their parents here, though not a lot. It's the middle of the week and school just let out a little bit ago. In terms of aesthetic the place is sort of, disco space themed. With a black carpet that has little pics of space ships and planets and a black roof with white LED strips lining the ceiling. Several arcade attractions. A few racing games, a photo booth, arcade consoles, ski ball, that sort of thing.

There's also a toy counter for tickets and down from it a food counter.

"Well~" Kitsu says and presses into me. "Do you want me to pick?"

"Um, sure." I say not knowing what to choose.

"Can you dance?" She asks as she starts pulling me.

"Not really." I admit sheepishly.

"That's fine, you can watch me." She says with a wink.

I just felt a tingle surge through me at the thought. And I blush at the possible implications. I know that's not what she meant. But a girl can dream!

As we make our way over. Another girl is already at the dance station. I don't want to judge but, she's wearing what many would call trashy. A yellow crop top and ripped booty shorts that leave nothing to the imagination as her dark mocha skin is exposed. Not that there's anything to imagine. She's taller than me by an inch, and has a cute face at least. But it is ruined by her, everything else.

*Aaaan*

"You Lose!" The machine announces.

"Fucking piece of shit!" She cries as she kicks the machine.

"Hey!" I shout. "Don't break it!"

"Piss off skank!" She says as she turns to flip me off.

"Excuse me?!" I say in shock. Not knowing how to really process this.

Kitsu meanwhile has let go of me and is on her phone. Not paying attention.

"Excuse yourself you lanky bitch!" She says and turns to put another dollar in the machine.

"Come on, lets go try something else." I say to Kitsu and turn to leave.

"Gimme a sec." She says as she calls someone.

"Hi! This is Kitsu!" She says cheerfully before losing her smile.

"He hung up on me."

.

.

Brian "Grue" Laborn POV

.

"How the fuck does she have my number?!" I hiss at Lisa.

"I don't know!?" She shouts in equal panic. "Rachel didn't have your personal number so she couldn't have gotten it there!"

Kitsu, the FUCKING Kitsu. Just called me. On my phone.

*Ring*

Looking down I see it's the same number.

"Fuck! It's her again!"

"Whelp. I'm out, if you need me I'll be packing my shit." Alec says as he pushes off the couch. "Again."

"Wait for me!" Reiko says and follows after.

I'd make a comment about their unhealthy relationship, but now is not the time!

"Gimme that!" Lisa says and snatches the phone.

"Hello?" She says. "Yeah I go-"

She goes still for a second before holding out the phone to me.

"It's for you." She says simply. "If you need me I'll be busy."

I take the phone and watch in bewilderment and a growing sense of fear as Lisa leaves.

"Hello?" I ask.

"Hi, I'm just calling to ask about Aisha." She says as my heart drops.

"What do you mean?" I ask, schooling my voice to give nothing away.

"Thin girl, straight hair, TRASHY CLOTHES!" She shouts that last part away from the phone.

"Eat a dick!" I hear my little sister shout.

"What did you do to her?!" I demand. "I swear to god, if you hurt a single hair on her head I'll find a way to hurt you."

"Chill, we're at an arcade and I was just wondering if you could talk to her." She says in a placating tone. "She called my girlfriend a skank. And I'm choosing to handle this responsibly."

That both calms me down and puts the fear of God in me. Calm because Aisha is fine, just acting out again. Fearful because Kitsu just broke the unwritten rules to get a girl to apologize for calling her girlfriend a skank. And because my little sister just insulted the girlfriend of the resident top tenner.

"I'll a, I'll talk to her." I say.

"Kay bye!"

*Click*

I set the phone down and run my hands across my head.

'God, damnit Aisha!' I think tiredly. 'What's next? Flipping off Legends husband in front of him?'

Taking a deep breath, I pick up the phone again.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Gotta love Wade. Guy knows just about everything that's even remotely attached to a cable. Phone numbers included.

It was honestly a guess as to whether or not this was Aisha. But her description was down to a T.

"What was that?" Missy asks.

"Oh, just someone who can take care of this for us." I say with a wave.

"Who?"

*Ring*

Aisha's phone goes off. She ignores it as she continues dancing.

*Ring*

She ignores it again. To keep up her rhythm.

*Aaaaan*

She misstepped.

"You lose!"

*Ring*

"What!? What the fuck do you need?!" She shouts into the phone.

"Get home now." I hear the voice of Brian call.

"Why? Mom on a bender again?" She asks as she leans her hips over.

'How can someone put so much, sass, into body language?' I ponder.

"Because I just got a call from the damned Endstopper saying you called her girlfriend a skank."

"Pfft, sure, the only bitch I called a skank is that girl in a green dress and green sunglasses. Who the fuck wears sunglasses in an arcade?"

"Green dress and, Aisha! That's Vista! Kitsu's girlfriend!" He shouts.

Aisha turns to look behind her. Right at us with wide eyes.

"Uh, I'll be home." She says and hangs up.

She walks past us and marches out of the arcade.

"Fucking, snitch ass snowflake white bitch." She grumbles on the way out.

Hey, it was either that. Or beat the shit out of her. I can't have people going around casually insulting my Missy! It sets a bad precedence.

"Who did you call?" Missy asks in confusion.

"Her brother, my thinker power went off and told me all I needed to know." I say.

I texted Wade.

"Couldn't you have just, ignored her?" She asks.

"What would you have done if she called me a freak?" I counter.

Missy's silence on the matter tells me the answer to that question.

"Alright! Now!" I say and grab her hand. "Dance with me!"

"I don't know how though!" She protests as I pull her onto the platform.

"Are you refusing a dance with me?" I whine and give puppy dog eyes, using my illusions to take my sunglasses off and dilating my eyes. "Your little snuggle bug?"

I put my knees together and sway my butt a little bit, giving a cutesy wiggle. Enjoying the hitch in her breath and the blush that dots her face as I dial up the cutesy act.

"I-I just don't want to emba-barrass myself." She stutters.

"If you do, I'll let you be the little spoon on Friday~" I offer.

"Deal!"

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

Me, the little spoon?! I'm never the little spoon!

Not that I mind. But Kitsu made it clear she's the little spoon. With me the big spoon as she either lays on me or I hold her.

To have her hold me? Um, yes please!

Kitsu pulls a pink and blue wallet out of her pocket and pulls out a dollar. Placing it in the machine she puts it on duo and shuffle.

The dance machine starts up and plays a random song on shuffle.

"Eenie, Meenie, Miney, Mo"

"Catch a bad chick by her toe"

'Oh god not this song.' I think to myself as I follow the arrows.

I get to about the fourth line before I stumble and my screen shuts off. Flashing a red glittery loser sign on the screen as Kitsu keeps going. I look over to her and watch in amazement at her movements.

'She can dance.' I think as I watch her hips and legs move. 'That is so hot!'

She's not even doing anything extravagant or, dirty, she's just really good!

"How?" I ask in awe.

"My tail." She says. "Gives me an amazing sense of balance!"

'Gives you more than good balance.' I think as I watch her go. Her legs and hips moving and stepping in time at such an amazing rhythm that if I didn't know better I'd assume she was using her powers.

And I curse the skirt as she dances. Moving in a way that it just hides her rear as she dances. Teasing me with its movements as she dances. Her tail swishing and flowing with her.

I catch myself and turn back to the screen before she can catch me staring. Looking around to see if anyone else noticed. Grateful that they didn't, I turn back to the screen and stare at it as I wait. Not trusting myself to watch her.

Before long the song ends and returns to the title screen.

"What? That's it?" Kitsu asks as she stops. "No winner announcement or score system? What a rip."

There is a winner here. Me. I got to see her move. That's going in my dreams tonight for sure.

As I'm lost in thought. Kitsu stomps over to me and grabs my hand.

"Come on." She says and drags me away. "Let's try something else."

"What'd you have in mind?" I ask.

"To quote someone who has yet to exist. Let's put some balls in holes." She says.

"I'm sorry what?" I ask in a mix of concern, confusion, and an odd sense of anticipation.

"Ski ball!" She shouts excitedly as her tail wags.

I stop moving and process the whole of everything she just said.

"What?" She ask as she turns back to me. Wincing as a light flashes from the corner of the room. She takes her aviators and puts them back on.

'It's a good thing you and Dennis didn't become a thing.' I think to myself.

"Nothing, just got lost in thought."

.

.

"RAGGH!" Kitsu yells. Throwing the ball full force, only to have it hit the side and bounce up, just missing the catching net and falling back to smack Kitsu in the face. Knocking her over.

"Are you okay?!" I ask.

She rolls to her side and onto her stomach before getting back up.

"I hate this game!" She shouts.

She, has no athletic talent. Like, at all. Her depth perception is off from what I can tell. Her throws always have either too much or not enough power behind them. Which in turn messes her aim up. And then she gets frustrated and loses all hand eye coordination.

At least that's what happened here.

She just stomps her foot and crosses her arms as she pouts.

"It's okay." I say and hug her from behind placing my head on her shoulder. "It's just a game."

"Mrrmm." She grumbles.

"Come on~" I say teasingly and squeeze her, pushing her back into me a little. "Say it with me. It's just a game."

"I wanna be mad though." She grumbles.

"Then I'll just have to make you not mad." I say and pull my hands back to hold her sides. "You have such a cute laugh after all."

"Huh?" She asks in surprise as I begin to tickle her.

"Hhahahah, hehahah! Mi-miss!"

I turn her around and smash our lips together to keep her from shouting my name.

"Mrm!" She yelps into my mouth.

"Names!" I hiss as we part.

"Not my fault!" She hisses back with a glare. "I'm not the one who started a tickling match in the middle of the arcade."

Looking up and around the place I notice she's right. And several people are looking at us. A few are recording even.

'Fuck off! All of you.' I think bitterly.

Seriously! It's like they've got nothing better going on with their lives.

.

.

-30 minutes later-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Like all claw machines, these ones are rigged.

*Thunk*

Which is why I'm cheating!

"How?" Missy asks. "I went for that exact one!"

"You loosened it for me." I say and grab it for her.

It's an off brand blue Eevee.

I used my illusions to push it into the claw and hold it there. Gotta be careful though, win at these things too much and they'll kick you out.

"Here, a fox, from a fox." I say and hand it to her.

She goes to grab it and I hold it back.

"Ah ah!" I say. "Everything has a price."

"Um, okay?" She says. "I can pay you back for it. I guess."

"No~" I say and hold the plush behind me as I lean forward. "I don't regret to inform you. But I only accept payment in the form Vista kisses."

I close my eyes and tilt my head up. Waiting for my payment.

I feel the soft flesh of, that's not her lips.

I open my eyes to see she put her finger sideways to my lips and just snatched the fox from behind me!

"Hey!" I say, annoyed at being denied my kisses and atbeing tricked!

Before I can say anything else she grabs my chin in her free hand and kisses me anyway.

Missy gives the best kisses.

We separate a few seconds later. Her face having a slight blush. And I'm certain I'm no better.

"Gotcha." She says, and the way her cheek moves tells me she gave a wink.

Not willing to be outdone, I go in and kiss her back, holding us together in a hug as well. I hear a camera shutter and decide we're done, separating with a gasp.

"Mwah! I got you!" I tease.

"Mmhm!" She squeaks.

.

.

-Thursday, May 20th, Medhal General Hospital, 4pm-

.

.

Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV

.

"Okay, stay by me." I tell Kitsu as we step out of the car.

"Aww, will PanPan be lonely without me?" She says as she does a cutesy wiggle.

She's in her, Iris outfit I think. Which is just a tan shirt with a pink hem, white leggings with a yellow hem. A pink skirt with a large bow made into the design and pink loafers.

Not her best one in my opinion.

"And I already regret this." I say with a sigh.

"Well, you girls have fun!" Mark calls from the car. "I have to go pick up your mother!"

"Hug her for me!" Kitsu waves back.

Mark just gives a thumbs up and drives off.

I got a call about a guy who got his hand stuck in a cardboard compacter. It's crushed to a bloody paste and it's already been amputated to prevent clots from traveling to his heart.

Basically I gotta reattach someone's hand. And reform the hand.

As I walk through the doors I get a bunch of stares and whispers from people in the waiting room. Ever since I got grounded and stopped showing up twenty four seven, people have started treating me like a celebrity. Rather than a convenience.

Honestly? Getting grounded was the best thing to ever happen to me. Sure, I feel bad about not being able to help people. But that's Carol's fault for keeping me away from the hospital. And Tinkering with Kitsu has been, alleviating. Like scratching an itch I didn't know existed but was somehow still bothering me. And more time with Vicky.

"Hey." I wave to Catherine at the counter. "Where's the guy that got his hand crushed?"

"Room one oh five." She says and hands me a clip board and my pass. "They're expecting you."

The clipboard is a diagnostics page. And it's pretty much for show. My honorary medical license necessitating it. I'll just touch him and figure it out.

"Remember what I said?" I ask Kitsu.

"Don't touch the equipment, don't touch the people without their permission, people develop cancer all the time and their bodies take care of it on its own don't point it out." She reiterates as we walk past the double doors.

"And?" I press.

"And what?" She asks with a knowing grin.

"When we're here." I get out to her. "I'm Panacea, not PanPan, not Amy, not, whatever else you got in your head."

"Just a voice that speaks purely in technical terms that tells me things." She says simply.

The scary part about that sentence is that I can't tell if she's being serious or not.

"Just, if you call me PanPan I'll turn on your fur follicles."

"And I will bite you." She says cheerfully.

I roll my eyes as we enter the E.R. Complete with a pot bellied Hispanic guy with a stump where his hand should be.

"Alright, James, Colon?" I ask.

"James, Cologne. It's French."

'Hmm, must get his looks from his mother.' I think idly.

"What's with the freak?" He asks, gesturing to Kitsu with his stump.

"And at that I refuse to help him. I'll be in the waiting room." Kitsu says as she steps out.

"You're aware that's a slur towards Case 53's right?" I say with a glare.

"Do I look like I care right now?" He says indignantly. "I've got a stump! I can be forgiven for stepping on a snowflakes feelings."

'Don't give him sickle cell Amy.' I tell myself. 'You took an oath.'

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Whelp. That ended quick.

I don't really mind being called a freak. But it's the principle of the matter.

Okay, lately it hurts. Before I had every other Tim Tom and Tahlia yelling it at me. So I got desensitized to it. Now that I don't hear it every other day? It hits different.

I make it back to the waiting room and make it to the vending machine. As I decide what I want, I hear a familiar voice, well, two familiar voices.

"Yeah, it's low risk. But he'll need it again, we don't know when but it's just a matter of time."

"That sucks Sab." I hear Crystals voice say over a phone. "Hope he gets better. And I hope the next one is a ways away."

"I do too." She says.

Looking over I see Sabah, the shorter tanned girl is hunched over staring at the floor. Talking on the phone.

I decide to be a little sneaky sneak and walk over to her as she's talking on the phone. While she's in the middle of talking I lay on the floor and slide under her to stare eye to eye with her.

"Hi!" I say.

"Ah!" She screams and kicks me while dropping her phone.

"Argh!" I groan in pain as I hold my nose.

"Sab! Sab! Sabah!" Crystal screams over the phone.

"She's fine! Just practicing her daily ritual of fox abuse!" I say through my pained nose as I roll over to talk into the phone.

"… Kitsu?"

"Hey Crystal! How's Fire?" I say as I lay there on my side.

"Um, he's fine. What are you doing?" She asks. "And where's Sabah?"

"I'm talking to you and Sabah's staring down at me in shock." I say.

"Do you know Sabah?" Crystal asks.

"Nope!" I lie. "Just heard your voice from across the room and thought I'd pop by."

"Kitsu, give Sabah her phone back."

"I didn't take it. She dropped it on my face." I say casually.

These floors are uncomfortable.

Before either of us can say anything Sabah reaches down and grabs her phone.

"I'll call you back." She says and hangs up.

I turn back around and stare up at the brown eyed girl. She's really cute. Fletchette's a lucky girl. Or, she will be if they get together. Which would require Leviathan devastating the city so that Fletchette gets sent here. And I don't intend on allowing that.

Le sigh. In order to protect millions, I must sacrifice the happiness of this lesbian couple yet to be.

Oh well.

"Uh, can I help you?" She asks.

"Heard ya dad had an issue." I say as I get up.

"Um, what's it matter to you?" She asks.

"Come on, what's a favor between friends?" I say cheerfully.

"I don't even know you." She says with a concerned look.

"Really Pari?" I say with a raised brow as I cross my arms. "Where is the guy?" I ask, unimpressed at the feigning of ingnorance.

Her eyes widen in surprise at that.

.

.

-A few minutes later-

.

.

Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV

.

"Where the fuck is she?"

.

.

-Friday, May 21st, 2pm Northeast Comercial District-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Currently on a high rise overlooking the cities commercial district. Or the white section as Vergil calls it. Due to how clean it is. And the fact that it's firmly Empire territory.

"So whatcha got for me?" I ask Wade over the phone as I squint to keep the wind out of my eyes.

"Well, like I said in my post. He's smart enough to track the PRT patrol routes so he'll be avoiding those areas." He says over the phone.

Wade is Bagrat. To nobodies surprise. Hell he managed to get his own personal tag on PHO. Something he won't even do for me!

I deserve that cutest fox tag! Who cares if "Cute" is subjective?!

"That's good. But I don't know how to do that." I say.

"Couldn't you call Miss Militia? Wait, no, she wouldn't, it'd be a security violation. Let me try something." He says as I hear typing.

Wade tends to do that. Ask a question and then answer his own question as his Thinker power catches up with him.

"Okay, I got five areas he could be." Wade says. "Narrowing it down, there! I'll send the location of the most likely spot to you."

*Rrrm*

"I got it." I say. "Hey while you're here, did you check out that movie I recommended?"

"Yeah, it was really good. And thankfully nothing like the books." He says.

It was How To Train Your Dragon. Wade can't really watch shows or TV based on other media. His Data Analysis Thinker power always spoils them by using preexisting knowledge of the source material. Thinker powers suck.

Most powers suck to have, honestly. There are very few people with powers who are happy to have them. Unless you're insane. Or Vicky.

Tattletale has no control and knows way more about the people around her than she ever wants to. Moms ultimate defensive technique leaves her trapped in the dark. Amy cannot turn off her analysis powers when she touches someone. Dean sees everyone's emotions at all times. And that's just off the top of my head.

Everything has its price. Some people just don't get to know that price, or that they're buying something in the first place.

Anyway! I'm getting an Astrid costume! Parian's giving it to me for free in exchange for healing her dad at the hospital yesterday.

As his next of kin she refused to press charges. And he as well considering I saved him a couple grand by avoiding the surgery.

PanPan was not happy.

I keep getting distracted!

Back to now!

"I'm sorry, I zoned out." I say.

"I was talking about how the animators modeled Toothless. Did you know they modeled his movement and behavior after a cat? And after he was tamed they started modeling him after a dog. I find that interesting and clever."

"That is neat. What about the other dragons?" I ask.

"I d'unno. I'll look into it but the behind the scenes really just focuses on Toothless." He says. "Oh well, I'll leave you to it."

"Kay!" I say and hang up.

Opening my phone I check the location. Odd, it places him near Winslow. Just a block down. You'd think people like him would need to maintain a six block distance from any schools.

"Oh well." I say with a shrug and put on some music as I jump down off the building.

I angle myself in free fall and snap a picture of myself. Winking with my tongue out and throwing up a peace sign.

That's going on PHO later.

Or to Missy. Not sure yet. She likes it when I send her pictures. Nothing dirty mind you. Just my cosplays and outfits for the day.

I twist around and roll in the air to right myself and make a glowing illusionary slope to catch me and throw me back up and in the direction I need to go.

I'm listening to Kiss. Around the world is playing right now.

Passing by several people and cars as I continuously launch myself. Again and again. Eventually I make it to the poorer school district. Winslow high, and two other schools in the area an elementary and a middle, blocks apart that I don't care to know the names of.

I'm sat here on the apartment building three blocks down. A windy day all things considered.

Winslow is notorious for being a recruitment grounds for the gangs. ABB, E88, Merchants, this is where they get their young recruits.

And nobody does anything about it aside from posting a few help lines to call that do nothing to offer actual advice. Just drone out a rehearsed 'Don't join a gang. Drugs are not cool' spiel.

Whelp, time to look for Bluey the racist bird!

.

.

-Meanwhile, Residential District-

.

.

Joe "Blue Hawk" Arpaio POV

.

I stretch out as I place my thumb under the cap of the bottle in my hand and flick it up.

*Pop*

*Ting*

"Yeah!" I shout in victory as it hits the target I have placed over the trash can.

It's how I measure if I've had too much. If I don't hear that ting, then it's my last bottle.

I would've policed the Winslow area today. Keep the younger criminals in line. But the damn freak is after me. So I'm switching up my routine.

I need to keep these streets safe. And in order to do that I need to be able to patrol. Can't do that with all these pansy, limp-wristed fucks in charge.

"Police academy dropout. Pfft." I scoff at the rumors.

I ain't a dropout. I was a lieutenant. I quit when they put that damned savage as chief of police.

"Nine out of ten crimes are committed by minorities. And they put one as head of the local justice." I shake my head at the memory.

Reaching for the remote I turn on the TV.

I'm not racist. I'm logical. I can't help it if the numbers all point towards the non Americans being the problem.

.

.

-Dallon House, 6pm-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"Hi Mr. Dallon." I greet as I step through the door.

"Hey Missy, Dinner'll be done in a few, you can go ahead and hang out in Kitsu's room while Carol finishes cooking." He says.

'Where's my snuggle bug?' I wonder. She normally runs up and hugs me when I walk through the door.

"Where's Kitsu?" I ask.

"She's on her way." He says. "She just lost track of time."

"Is she still looking for Blue Hawk?" I ask, already knowing the answer.

"Yeah, she couldn't find him today." He confirms.

I go to say something, but am distracted by a rapidly approaching space I can't effect.

I turn around and open the door back up and open my arms.

"Uh, hi?" I hear a deep voice say. "Is uh, this the Dallons house?"

Opening my eyes, I blush in embarrassment at the blue suited black man. Who is decidedly not my pink and white dressed foxy girl.

"This is." Mr. Dallon says. "Can I help you?"

"Uh, yeah." He pants. "I'm lookin for Kitsu. Heard she's hunt'n that piece of shit Blue Hawk. I want in."

"I'll uh, just go." I say and shuffle out of the way.

"Okay, who are you?" Mr. Dallon asks as I step away.

"You can call me A-Train."

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I suddenly stop in place on the roof of a random building in the suburbs.

[Query: Cause Of Sudden Concern?]

'Hmm? Oh, I just feel as though I just missed something important.' I reply back to [Conduit]. 'Like something happened that I would've wanted to be there for.'

Oh well.

.

.

Bonus The Good Ending

Kitsu x Missy

.

.

Non-Canon

.

-2015-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I stretch as I get home and set my bags down. Glancing over to the corner of my room where I feel something living is there. But see nothing.

I turn and catch the creature that jumps at me as she shimmers into view.

She wraps her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist. Smashing her lips to mine as I grab her plump rear to hold her. Chest pressed against me as she tightens herself against me.

"Mwah!" She gasps as we separate and she leans back with a smile. "Ha! Just what I needed."

"Oh yeah?" I say and raise a brow. "I think I need a little more."

"Oh, is my Missy feeling kissy?" She asks with a teasing smile. Her fangs on clear display.

"Very much so." I say as I look down at her.

At eighteen, almost nineteen, we've both reached our full height. With me at five five, and Kitsu at four ten. Putting me a good head above her. And with her youthful looks I can see her being thirty and still needing to be carded.

She's embraced her short stature. And proudly boasts being a shortstack and fun sized.

I've embraced her short stature as well. Many times.

She's changed out her hero outfit as well. Her bust no longer allowing for her original Irida outfit. Not unless she got straps for it to prevent wardrobe malfunctions. Which, In her own words. Ruins the aesthetic.

She now wears what she calls her Neopolitan outfit. A gold brown wool shirt tucked into tight dark gold brown skinny jeans. With a white top that appears to be mix between a crop top and jacket. The front being the crop top, the back and sleeves being the jacket and the inner part being a light blue green to match her eyes. Her Pearl clan symbol being a belt attachment in gold metal. And on a locket her mother got her for her thirteenth birthday. And deceptively flexible knee high white boots with gold buttons on the sides. They were originally going to be heeled boots, but those are impossible to fight in.

My outfit's scheme remained pretty much the same. Only I wear jeans and a hoodie instead of a damned dress. And my chest plate is more functional than aesthetic now being a painted forest green metal plate. My shoulders having green leather pads.

I've even got stun gun gauntlets. But aside from my more functional outfit. I've developed in other ways.

I'm going for a business degree in college next year. Something for the side. Other than that I'm graduating the Wards at the end of this year and getting a fat paycheck for it. Having been a Ward for nearly eight years now I'm getting a sweet trust fund payout of four million. And I'm aiming to replace Miss Militia as the Cape commander of the PRT ENE when she retires. Or dies.

Kitsu is still a hero. But also a singer and popular content creator online. And she's officially Kitsu Dallon now.

Not the best singer. She hasn't topped any major charts. But still really good and has a large and diverse fanbase. Her gaming and reaction channels do better. Especially after Earth-Aleph anime culture blew up after twenty twelve. And her fashion designs bring in plenty of royalties. She signed over the Ferry to Carol and Sarah. Making it official New Wave property.

"I can tell." She says as she puts the bridge of her nose to my neck. "You won't stop groping."

"I can't help it if my sexy little vixen is tempting me." I say as I back up and sit on my bed.

"I'm tempting you?" She says in a slight challenging tone. "Remind me, whose groping who?"

She's pressing herself to the scar on my shoulder. My only scar. She gave it to me during the first of her heat cycles we spent together. When she bit me to mark me as hers.

God was that an awkward call to Amy. But the heat cycle the next year was amazing. And it's now something I very much look forward to every year. And it's coming up soon.

Basically Kitsu doesn't really get horny. Sure she gets in the mood. But never horny. Instead it sort of, saves up. Then all comes out in a three day period that leaves me burnt out for a week.

Worth it.

"It's not my fault you have such a squishy and squeezable little tushy." I say and go to nibble her shoulder.

"Hey!" She says and shoots up. "This butt is many things. But little isn't one of them!"

She bounces in my lap for emphasis.

"You're right." I say and give a good squeeze before trailing my hands up to her hips. And squeeze the oddly exposed hip bones of her outfit.

She claims it's how she envisioned the outfit. But I'm almost certain it's so I can do this.

"Mhhh!~" She moans.

Her hips are her weak spot. As well as a few other spots I learned about over the past few years.

"But maybe I need a reminder, why don't you show me." I say with a grin as I move my hands to the base of her tail. "No biting." I quickly add.

"No promises." She says with a grin as we fall back.

.

.

Bonus 2

.

.

Top 10 Most Powerful Parahumans

As rated by the United States of America.

Subject to change at any time.

.

1 Scion/Unaffiliated Hero

2 Behemoth/Endbringer

3 Leviathan/Endbringer

4 The Simurgh/Endbringer

5 Eidolon/PRT Triumvirate

6 All Might/Honorary PRT/Unaffiliated

7 Alexandria/PRT Triumvirate

8 Kitsu/New Wave

9 Legend/PRT Triumvirate

10 Dragon/Honorary PRT/The Guild

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

.

(Possible) Future Kitsu's outfit is basically a Season 2 Neopolitan costume that's been pallet swapped to fit her appearance better.

Kitsu just has Neo's figure.

.

I gave Blue Hawk the name Joe Arpaio in reference to the real life Joe Arpaio

I literally googled "Famous racist cop" and he was the first thing that popped up.

He is responsible for, and I quote the wiki "The U.S. Department of Justice concluded that Arpaio oversaw the worst pattern of racial profiling in U.S. history."

I vaguely remember the scandal of Trump pardoning him for contempt of court.

And god damn! Writing his point of view was uncomfortable as all hell. That's why it's so short.

.

The reason Aisha didn't notice Kitsu is due to Kitsu's stranger power. Her attention was on the dance game and Kitsu's eyes and ears weren't visible due to being covered and the dim lighting of the arcade hid her tail slightly.

Kitsu's stranger power just makes her blend in with the background when she isn't doing anything to grab people's attention.

It's just that 90% of the time, her inhuman features are enough to grab others attention.

If a normal person where to have it. They could walk into an employees only section by just wearing the same color shirt as the other employees. It's a really good stranger power that's basically a weaker version of canon Aisha's. It just doesn't mesh well with her Case 53 status.

.

I was going to go more in depth with the hospital scene and Kitsu healing Parian's father. But it got a little, too real for me as I was writing the scene.

.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

.

FOR [Conduit]!

RadChaos897: It's been a while since you and Kitsu talked. Everything okay? She has been around a lot of parahumans, mostly Missy, so that doesn't give you two a lot of chances to communicate. Maybe you could devise a safer way of communicating? One that doesn't have a chance of exposing you.

[Conduit] [Response; Unconcerned]

NEWB: To elaborate. Shards have a different perception of time than us. Yeah it's been a month since they and Kitsu actively conversed. But they're always there. And a month to us is just, not a lot of time. Truth is [Conduit] has no real sense of time.

.

FOR KITSU!

Casanova5424: What's your favorite Pokemon? Aside from alolan Vulpix. That one doesn't count.

Kitsu: You just asked me to pick ONE! Out of a thousand plus?! I'mma need to break it down by gen at least!

Gen 1: Eevee

Gen 2: Celebi

Gen 3: is a tie between Swampert, Aggron, and Jirachi

Gen 4: is what's airing right now. So, a lot from this gen. Empoleon, the whole Shinx line, Garchomp, Lucario, Rotom, Weavile, Glaceon Dusknoir, Darkrai.

And I know the other gens are out, but they aren't here on earth-bet. And remembering all of them is tough,

Gen 5, Zorua, Victini

Gen 6, Greninja? Chestnaught?

Gen 7, That's the hawaii one right? The ghost owl was my favorite.

Gen 8, Um, hmm, none come to mind.

Gen 9, the duck starter and the blue flame sword knight one.

Casanova5424: What animal ears and tail would suit Missy best?

Kitsu: Cat, she can be my Kissy Kitty Missy!

NEWB: I died a little from writing that.

RadChaos897: I'm sure you've considered this, but have you thought about making plant weapons? I know you have your illusions and energy empowered punches, but it is always a good idea to have a backup weapon just in case.

Kitsu: I have, it's just not easy. I've but in request with the PRT through Daredevil to get me some plants and animals to help. But most were denied and the rest are pending.

RadChaos897: Since you are pretty popular, have you had any questionable people try and approach you? Weirdos, perverts, stalkers, overly enthusiastic fans, that kind of thing. If so, what did you do to them?

Kitsu: I'm actually more popular on the west coast than I am here. Mostly in California. Both for being an open bisexual in a city with the Empire 88. And for Behemoth.

I've become something of a Bicon. Bisexual Icon. And yeah, it's weird. I just block the ones that try and contact me.

As for the creeps? I just murder them in self defense. And you already know about the girl who tried to trademark my name for herself.

RadChaos897: Speaking of popularity, has Missy's popularity also increased as a result of your relationship? Have her merch sales gone up since you two started dating? What are her thoughts on being more popular?

Kitsu: She has gotten a lot more popular. How much? I couldn't say.

NEWB: In regards to the merch sales, it's why Pigot is so lenient on Missy and her going on dates during her patrols.

Kitsu: In regards to how she feels? She, doesn't care for it. She doesn't mind that she's more popular. She just doesn't like the fact that it's because she's dating me rather than anything she's actually done.

RadChaos897: What is your internet popularity like online? Got any fanart, fanfics, cosplayers of yourself? If so, which ones were your favorite, least favorite, and downright weird or disturbing?

Kitsu: I avoid my internet presence as much as possible. So I wouldn't know. I do have ten thousand followers though. And several fashion industries have been trying to get ahold of me for my outfit designs.

I'm thinking about it.

NEWB: Missy would know all about Kitsu's online presence.

Grimnosh: While you can fly, if you could have a mount of your choice what would you get? A pony? Chocobo? Gigantic fox? Dinosaur? Hookwolf? People want to know.

Kitsu: There are two ways I can answer that.

I'll keep it wholesome. A Koraidon! His name would be Skippy!

Grimnosh: Do you have a pet you would like to get other than Missy?

Kitsu: A turtle. Low maintenance and cute.

And I get that you're joking, but that's not funny.

Missy: If anything she's the p-

Kitsu: Finish that sentence and there'll be no more cuddles for a month!

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas and motivation moving forward. I especially love it when you guys speculate or make guesses as I do use them and they give me ideas.
Find in newb's-grotto at the discord where I hold votes on my fics and post art of them!

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:MemeDarg, Taylor Klatt, SolverFollower and 180 others
Newb to the game
May 16, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 39 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
May 19, 2024
Add bookmark
#338
A/N Open season Pt. 3

Alt title: Can't stop won't stop don't stop.

.

-Date, Time-
'Thoughts'
"Speech"
[Shard]
(Text)
*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-March 16th, 5:10pm, Brockton Bay, Commercial District-

.

.

Reginald Franklin POV

.

"Come on man." I laugh. "You can't be serious."

"I am though!" Lil' Nate insists as we walk out of the sports store. "We all told him she's ran a train on the whole track team! Even got a picture that's been passed 'round that she posed for!"

"Shit!" I say in surprise. "What'd he say ta that?"

"You don't know her like I do!" He says in a mocking voice.

I laugh with my little brother as we make our way back home. The crisp March air putting an extra umph into our step. It's not usually a good idea for us to be around the commercial district, but I needed new running shoes, and the stores at the mall and on the boardwalk don't have my preferred brand. Nathan offered to come with, more people more safety and all that. That and we don't spend a lot of time together since I started college last year.

Besides, this time of year is quiet.

As we continue our way. Talkin an just catching up. I spot the most notorious d-lister villain in the city turning the corner. In a personal riot gear, swat uniform. Blacked out face shield down.

Blue Hawk.

I stop dead and turn us around. Praying he didn't see us.

"Hey! You two!" He calls out. "Stop!"

"Run." I tell Nate.

We immediately take off. With big boy blue following our asses.

"Call the capes!" Nate yells to me. "My phone's dead!"

I fish my phone out of my pocket. Cursing myself for not having the PRT in my contacts.

'Idiot!' I yell at myself. '911!'

I dial it and get an operator.

"Nine one one what's your emergency?" The responder asks.

"Help! We got Blue Hawk chase'n us!"

"Okay sir, please stay calm. Can you tell me whe-"

I'm cut from all thought and processing as I feel a hard object hit the back of my head. Knocking me to the pavement and throwing my phone from my hands. A dull throbbing headache as I struggle to stay awake.

The next few seconds are a blur. Blue Hawk on top of me. Then he takes a trash can to the head. Nate, hit him with it I think. Then, I don't know.

"Let this be a lesson not to run from the law. And stay where you belong." Are the last words I hear through the haze.

.

.

Hannah "Miss Militia" POV

.

We're too late.

The flashing blue and red lights paint the area in a dreadful ambience.

"How does he keep doing this?" Shaun, Dauntless asks. "This is the fourth time this month. And there's no telling how many unreported incidents."

"I'm not sure." I answer him. "The running theory is that he has some background in law enforcement or some connections at least."

I watch in numb disappointment as the paramedics zip up the body bag of the younger African male. Another life gone too soon. All the promise he might've shown. Broken by another.

From what I can gather just by looking, Blue Hawk knocked over the older one. The whelp on his head and the lack of scrapes on his person lead me to believe so.

Then the younger came back for the older and got into a fight.

He was slammed against the bricks. Neck snapped. Dead instantly.

The older one is alive, just unconscious and being lifted into the ambulance on a stretcher. He'll be fine so long as he doesn't slip into a coma.

Moments like these make me hate my memory.

.

.

Reginald Franklin POV

.

*Beep*

*Beep*

*Beep*

'What?'

*Beep*

'An alarm?'

*Beep*

'Not mine.'

*Beep*

I open my eyes. Blinking all the morning haze out of them.

"Wha?" I try and get out as I look at the unfamiliar room. White walls, odd bed. Weird, pressure on my face.

It takes me a moment, but I realize I'm in a hospital.

'A hospital? Why would, oh right. Blue Hawk.' I think to myself. 'Damn, I don't think my insurance covers extended stays.'

This is going to be a massive dent in my lunch money. Fucking, racist ass super cop wannabe.

As I'm thinking this, a nurse opens the door to my room.

"Sup." I say cheekily to the girl through my dry as fuck throat. "This place come with room service? Could really use a drink."

.

.

"Alright Mr. Franklin, you seem to be fully cognizant of your surroundings." The doctor says. "Though, I do have some bad news for you."

"Is it the bill? I already expected that." I say. "Wait, don't tell me this is a rip van winkle thing and I've been under for like three years or sumthin."

"No, you've only been out for a eight days."

"Fuck, anyone call my mother and the school? Shit my boss is going to chew me out!" I say mostly to myself as I dread the assignments that've piled up.

"No, there's no easy way to say this but. I regret to inform you that while you made it. Your brother did not survive the attack on you two." He says.

.

.

After that, the next month and a half or so was a blur.

.

.

"And with that, you get a share of the life insurance pay out. Fifty thousand."

.

.

(Looking for powers?) The website flashes.

.

.

"Your psyche eval gives you an eighty percent survival chance. We can give you a plan to get your mental health in the right-"

"Don't bother, I'll take it now." I say.

"Right, one hundred and fifty thousand up front." The lady says. "And three favors to call in at our discretion, should you survive."

"Deal."

"This isn't a negotiation."

.

.

"Nathan was a kind soul." The pastor says. Though it's barely audible through the sound of my mothers cries. His urn on display for the family.

And the pulsing of blood in my ears. Rage and regret filling me at the thought of my brother.

Blue Hawk. I'll kill you.

But for now, I gotta stay strong. For Mama.

.

.

'Why? Why?!'

It, burns! It throbs! It, oh god!

"Just a few more seconds."

'There's more!?'

*Beepbeepbeep beeeeeeeeeee-*

"Hmm, too bad." The lady says. "Could've used him."

"Whatd'you mean?" I pant out, my veins on fire. My heart racing.

.

.

"We're cashing in our first favor." The voice on the phone says.

"Already?! I haven't even gotten the hang of my powers yet!" I complain.

"Don't worry, you have a year to complete this. Though the sooner the better."

"I, I'll try." I concede.

"You don't have a choice. We want you to join New Wave. The Brockton Bay branch."

"What? But that'll expose me as a cape! I'll lose my scholarship for track and field!" I protest.

"You knew what you signed up for."

*Click*

.

.

"Did you hear?" Mama asks from across the kitchen.

"Hear what?" I ask as I subtly use my new speed to chop all the carrots while she ain't lookin.

"That Endstopper girl. The ah, Kitsu? Is that her name?" She asks.

"I think so, unless yer talkin 'bout Lung. She the only other Endstopper." I say as I dump the carrots in the crockpot.

"Oh, well, she took out Stormtiger. Now she says she's goin after Blue Hawk." Mama says.

*Clang*

I dropped the knife on the floor.

.

.

-Present Day, Friday, May 21st, 6:05pm, Dallon House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I drop down from the roof of the neighbors house and land in a crouch in front of my house's door. Standing up I stretch my arms above my head. Twisting and turning to get that warmth through me.

And suddenly notice an odd smell. A new smell. Someone new.

'Felt, sweat, ozone, smoke.' I try and piece together.

Not trusting this new scent. I turn invisible and put my right ear to the door. Only to have it open on its own and for Missy to have her arms wide open.

Deciding that if she's fine, then the new scent probably isn't dangerous. Or is a master and playing along is my best bet for now.

So, turning visible and abandoning my plan mere moments from making it. I slam into her. Hugging her as I sniff her neck to calm myself. For some reason, unfamiliar scents just put me on edge. Especially if it's a new person, and doubly so if it's around my house.

"There's my shnuggle bug." Missy coos as she squeezes and rocks me.

"Here I am!" I say back. "Can I come in? I need to close the door. And see who's here."

"Hrrmm." She grumbles and lets go. "Ignore your cute girlfriend who's fawning over you just to see someone else."

"Yep!" I say and close the door.

"Aah!" She gasps in mock offense. "And I thought we had something special!"

"We do! Just think of this as a quick meet and greet." I say cheekily.

Dad just turned the corner to the hall. He raises a brow at us as he leans on the wall.

"… Okay I'm out." She says. "I got nothing else, you win."

"Oh? What do I win?" I say and put my hands behind my back to give a cutesy sway, making sure to sway my tail with me.

"Well, I was thinking I could give you a little interest on that blue fox plushie." She says and steps forward to hug me, as she begins leaning down for a kiss.

"BOO!" Dad shouts from the hall.

"AAAH!" Missy gives a high pitched squeal of surprise.

"Pfft. Hahahahahaha." I give a little laugh.

"That's not funny." Missy whines, losing all of her earlier confidence and bravado.

"I thought it was." I say as I walk past her, raising my tail to glide up her neck under her chin as I pass.

I love making her heart race. Always enjoyable.

I walk up to Dad and raise my arms. He rolls his eyes and carries me through the hall.

"So what's with the new guy?" I ask.

"Oh? I thought you heard everything?" He says teasingly.

"Just because I hear doesn't mean I listen." I tell him.

"Fair point. Guy who calls himself A-Train showed up. Wants to join your 'hunt' for Blue Hawk." He says as we pass my room. "Also, before I forget, Kratos got out of his tote today and ate some of your moss that you've been growing."

"Which ones?" I ask seriously.

"The red one." He says.

Okay, I know I should be more concerned about A-Train. But that can wait.

"How much?" I ask with a squeak in my voice. Not a crack.

"Um, about half?" Dad says as he stops. "Is everything okay?"

Those are NOT meant to be eaten! It's fire moss! I made them hermaphroditic and the antheridium contains a dual chamber that produces chemicals similar to Bakugo's two chambers!

It ignites when the antheridium chambers are disturbed and I don't remember if I turned their lifecycles on pause or not!

"I need to check that!" I say hurriedly and hop out of his arms.

I rush back to my room, nearly knocking dad over the process. I make it there and open Kratos's tote that's by my dresser. Along with the other totes of various plants and bugs stuffs.

I need a better place for all this.

Putting a hand to him I check his insides.

Just as I thought. He's dying from the poisonous chemicals running through his body.

I quickly get to work. Taking him out of his tote and putting him in an empty one. Using my biokinesis to break down all the stuff in him. Forcing it to digest and funnel out his poop shoot before it infects his blood system any more.

Luckily he has an open vascular system. And I can just force all of it out in one go and not have to carefully cycle it through his body.

"Eeeew!" I complain at the oily black sludge that comes out of him.

At least it's scentless.

I take him back out of the tote once it's all out of him, holding him up in front of me and frown at him.

"Bad boy! You should know better!"

He doesn't react. He doesn't have the means to emotionally express himself. What with the hard fused carapace and lack of any moveable face parts aside from his mouth.

It gives him a dopey. No think, just am look. A look that I just adore!

That and I can tell he's sad and ashamed from the chemicals running in his brain.

"I still love you. But I hope you learned your lesson mister." I say sternly and walk over to put him back in his tote. "I'll play with you later. For now I have someone I need to meet and or threaten."

I close his tote again. And turn around to the black oily sludge. Closing the tote to that. I head off and go to greet A-Train.

There are two possibilities here. That being the two versions of him that existed back before. TV show version, or, the comic book version.

If it's the show version, then that's okay. I mean, he's a drug addicted, fame slut, glory hound sellout. Comic book version? He's all that minus the sellout but add rapist and coward. Like, the show version has some redeeming qualities. The comic version is barely human.

And that's coming from someone who is, percentage wise, genetically less human than a chimpanzee.

I make my way into the kitchen and see Mom staring down the blue suited black guy wearing sports goggles at the table. Blue suited as in blue sports gear. Not like the show, this is like a DIY at home version.

"Okay mister beat me black and blue whatcha got for me." I say.

I shouldn't have said that. It was the first thing that came to mind!

"KITSU!" Mom shouts at me.

"Pfft." A-Train laughs. "I'm sor, sorr, I'm sorry. I'll let that one, haha, slide." He chuckles. "Ah, was, wasn't expecting that one." He gives out as he laughs.

'He's lying.' I realize.

People's heart rates go up when they laugh. When they fake laugh? Not as much.

Granted his heart is beating at an accelerated rate as is. But it's something worth noting.

"Okay, still, whatch need?" I ask again.

"Don't be rude." Dad says as he sets the table.

"I didn't say anything rude." I defend.

"Tone." Mom says.

'What was wrong with my tone?' I ponder.

"Ahhrem." A-Train fake coughs.

I just stare at him as he awkwardly taps his hands together.

"What?" I ask.

"I heard you were hunt'n that piece of shiiii, crap Blue Hawk." He says. "I want in."

"Okay." I say.

His brow raises at that. And he seems as though he had been prepared to argue his case.

"Um, puh, that's great!" He says and stands up. "Let's go!"

"Tomorrow." I clarify.

"But, but I'm good to go!" He, sort of, pleads?

"I'm not." I say. "I just spent my entire afternoon looking and couldn't find him."

"You just need the right kind of help!" He insists.

"Maybe." I concede. "Tomorrow."

"But I'm fast!" He says. "We can cover a lotta ground!"

I enhance my speed and strength. Run around the table, pick him up. And carry him out of the house in a burst of speed.

"Wait, what?" He says in the middle of me carrying him.

I ignore him as I make it to the door, pausing to open it as he struggles to get out. And drop him off on the porch.

"Great, but so am I and I got a girlfriend to attend to and you've got a little patience issue to work on." I say and close the door.

"I you, argh damnit!" He shouts in frustration.

I ignore him in favor of the wild Missy currently trying to sneak up behind me.

I allow it.

"Gotcha!" She announces as she holds onto me from behind. Her arms hooked under mine.

"You have fallen for my trap." I say dramatically and turn around to hold her. "For it is I who has you!"

"This works." She says with a smirk as she shuffles us over to the couch.

"What are you doing?" I ask with a giggle.

"Cashing in my deal." She says simply as she turns me around and pushes me to the couch.

"Um, what deal?" I ask as I blush and my heart thuds in anticipation.

"This deal~" She says mischievously as she pushes me over onto the arm and crawls over me.

"Um, Missy. I think this is a bit far." I say, ready to push her off.

"Nope, you promised you'd be the big spoon. I'm getting my big spoon." She says with a grin and lays down on top of me.

'Oh thank god!' I think with a sigh of relief.

I had completely forgotten about that. And assumed Missy was about to take our relationship past first base and go straight to home plate right here on the couch.

Looking back on that thought, I realize it's a bit of a leap in logic. But what am I supposed to think when my cute girlfriend pushes me over onto the couch and crawls on top of me?!

"Oh, that's what this is." I say simply and hold her as she rests her head on my chest. Acting as the little spoon in our half spoon cuddle.

Thankfully she pushed me onto the arm. Giving my tail room to rest in the crook of the cushion. As opposed to being uncomfortably, and possibly painfully, pressed between me and the cushion.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

As I rest my head on her chest. I realize this just isn't the same. Sure it's nice. Her chest is softer than mine and acts as a decent pillow. Not that that's a hard bar to pass.

Anyway, this is nice and all. But I think I prefer holding her. Her weight on me as I squeeze. Her little nuzzles as she drifts asleep. And the way her tail will wrap around or drape over me. And don't get me started on the sight of when her tail wags in excitement when she's in my arms.

She's ruined cuddling for me. I just won't be able to cuddle anyone else, ever, without comparing them to her.

"I don't think I like this." Kitsu says.

"Me neither." I admit.

"Switch back?" She suggests.

"Yeah." I say with a nod.

.

.

-6:20pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Mom needs to take a cooking class. Beef stroganoff.

And there's no seasoning! Aside from pepper. But that hardly counts. Pepper is the poor mans season for when you're too lazy to actually season something!

At least Missy doesn't mind it.

"Where's Vicky and Amy?" I ask.

"Amy's at the hospital. Mechanic went on a drunk driving spree and she's helping deal with the fallout." Mom says.

"And Vicky's at a friends house. Chelsea I think." Dad says.

"Isn't she still grounded for another month?" I ask.

"One, she's been well behaved. Two, it's none of your business." Mom answers.

'Okay then.' I think as I eat my bland noodles.

.

.

-7pm-

.

.

"Alright, I got a movie for you girls to watch from the Redbox." Dad says.

'Oh yeah.' I think in realization.

Redbox is still a thing. So is Blockbuster. But Blockbuster is quickly declining. Mirroring how I remembered it.

Brockton Bay had five Blockbuster stores around the city last time I visited a few years back. Now they have just one on the boardwalk.

"Mom!" I say and run to the kitchen where Mom's putting up the leftovers. "We need to invest in Netflix!"

"What?" She asks.

"Dad said Redbox and my thinker power went off!" I say. "We need to invest in Netflix now and pull out our investments in December twenty twenty one!"

"Okay run that by me again?" She asks.

Hey, I'm planning for the future here. If the online streaming industry continues the way it did as I remember. Then we'll make BANK!

.

.

-9pm-

.

.

Bed time!

Missy is in her standard light blue nightgown. Me in my oversized shirt and hot pants.

I hop on the bed as Missy crawls up.

I reach over to my nightstand and grab my brush. Handing it to Missy as she sits at the headboard. I lay across her lap. Resting my waist on her lap as I prop my head to face the door.

She immediately gets to work brushing my tail as I lay there.

I can just use my biokinesis to straighten my fur out. But this is a sort of intimate thing I do to express trust. And Missy really likes brushing my tail.

"So, how'd the hunt for Blue Hawk go?" Missy asks.

"Sucky." I grumble. "He was nowhere to be found! Waste of my day."

"Where were you searching?" Missy asks.

"The Winslow area." I say with a yawn.

"Why there?" She asks.

"Wade said it was the most likely spot he'd be." I say and push up onto my knees, stretching my back as I move around.

"Who's Wade?" Missy asks as she sets the brush down on my nightstand and scoots down on the bed.

"I haven't told you about him?" I ask as I lay down on her.

"If you have, I don't remember." She admits as she holds me.

"Hmm, remind me in the morning." I say as she reaches up and scratches my ears. "I'll tell you then."

*Thunk*

My ears perk up and I'm snapped out of my drowsiness by the sound of one of my totes getting knocked over.

Swinging around to look. I see Kratos had knocked over the tote he was in and is slowly making his way to my moss totes.

"Kratos! No!" I say and move off of Missy to grab him. "Bad boy!"

His tote is more than big enough for him. It's a laundry tote and he's only the size of a hand. But he's somehow figured out how to escape his box!

"Bad boy!" I say as I pick him up. "No more bananas for you!"

"How'd he break out?" Missy asks.

"That's what I'm trying to figure out."

He can't move fast, he has a low metabolism. And low mobility to boot. He can crawl, and climb up small inclines. But that's it.

Looking at his knocked over tote. I see what he did.

He moved a log cover I had in there for him. Crawled up it. And fell off it on purpose. Using his weight to knock it over.

I know because of how the log cover is placed. It was in the middle of his tote. And the way it's fallen over suggests it was pressed against the side of it.

"Smart boy." I say as I hold him.

He does have a brain with the problem solving equivalent of a crow. And they can remember human faces and form bonds and hold grudges.

"I think you need some toys or friends." I say as I hold him up. "Keep you engaged."

Still that adorable no think face.

.

.

-6am-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

Blinking the sleep from my eyes. I look down towards my snuggle bug. Head in the crook of my shoulder as her tail curls to cover us both.

I'm not using a blanket. She gives off enough heat for that.

'Odd.' I think to myself. 'She's normally awake before me.'

Unless.

I bring a hand up to scratch her ears. Watching in amusement as her tail shoots up.

She's awake.

I hook my hands under her armpits and pull her up. She still has her eyes closed.

"So, are you going to keep pretending?" I say with a smirk. "Or am I going to have to kiss my princess awake?"

That gets a reaction. Her ears go from relaxed to splayed back as her tail wags harder. A blush slowly spreading across her face.

Credit where it's due. Her face hasn't so much as twitched.

"Alright sleeping beauty." I say and slide her up to kiss her.

She has such soft and warm lips.

"Mhh." She moans and moves her arms to hold me.

We separate a few seconds later. And stare at each other, her gorgeous eyes boring into mine. Before Kitsu giggles and lays back down on me. Her head turning sideways as she slides back down to rest her head on my chest.

"You give the best kisses." Kitsu says. "And the cheesiest lines."

"With how much pizza you eat I figured you'd be a fan of cheesy." I counter.

"Hmmm." She hums. "You're not wrong."

She sits up and straddles my waist. Stretching up as she does so. One arm behind her head as she grabs her other.

'She's doing this on purpose.' I think to myself as she groans.

"Ha!" She says as she finishes stretching. "Well, I recommend you get a shower first. Otherwise you'll be waiting a while."

"Why's that?" I ask, suddenly aware of how dry my throat is.

In response she slides off me and over to the edge of the bed. Sitting there as she waves her tail intentionally.

I've started being able to recognize what her tail movements mean. And which ones are natural and which ones are her.

"This thing." She says. "Takes up almost an hour all on its own."

I just sit up and grab it. Hugging it close as I smother my face in it.

Don't judge me! It's the softest thing ever! And she's just waving it in my face! Intentionally!

"Missy." Kitsu says. "I kind of need that."

"Can't I borrow it for just a while longer?" I ask.

"Missy." She says in an amused tone.

"You're right." I say.

"Thank you."

"Why borrow the tail when I can have the whole thing!" I declare and hug her.

"What no!" She says through a giggle. "I'm not property!"

"Yes you are!" I say as I rock us. "Because you're mine."

I squeeze her as hard as I can and pull her back. Making us both fall to the side of the bed in a spooning position.

"Aaah!" She laughs as she falls over. "Let me go!"

"Never." I say and kiss her cheek. "From here on out. You will be my cuddle pillow. You exist to give me all the cuddles I want and to accept all of my kisses."

"This is oppression!" She cries as she squirms. "I never agreed to these terms!"

"Should've read the fine print." I say as I nuzzle our cheeks together.

"Of what?" She asks as she nuzzles me back. "I don't remember signing anything."

"It's in the contract you signed when you got this cute." I say.

She blushes hard and gives a soft squeal as her tail slips out from between us. Slapping my side as it wags harder and harder as she giggles through my kisses.

"I still need a shower." She gets out.

"Hmm, fine." I say and let go of her.

She slowly gets up and slides off the bed. Turning on her hip to avoid hurting her tail.

"Oh, real quick." I say.

"Hmm?" She hums in question as she turns to me.

I slide to the edge of the bed and grab her face. Pulling her towards me and giving her a chaste kiss.

"Love you." I say as I separate from her.

"I love you too." She squeaks as her blush intensifies. Her face now completely red.

"You are just too cute!" I say as I let go of her.

"I uh, w-well." She says before she speeds off.

I love her so much.

.

.

-8am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I'm quickly learning the source of Missy's recent behavior.

Anytime we're alone she gets flirty and assertive. I like to consider myself the dominant partner. But there's only so many sweet nothings and kisses I can take in a short amount of time! It's not fair! She just turns into this, smooth, seductress isn't the right word. But you get what I mean!

Doesn't help that those kisses and words are coming from such a cute girl. She's got such expressive eyes and pouty lips. And slim athletic figure that tells she works. And I'll admit. Not that I'll say it out loud. But I like that she's taller than me.

And when she gets all flirty. I just want to bury my head in embarrassment and kiss her out of love at the same time!

I need to focus. Or I'll burn the pancakes. Chocolate chip. I learned Missy doesn't like eggs from Chris. And she was just being nice by not saying anything. But she has to like chocolate chip pancakes! Everyone does.

Oh, and A-Train could be here any second and I need to be in the right mind to hunt down Blue Hawk. And I can't do that if I'm thinking of Missy and her stupid, suave lines that she pulls out of nowhere!

"I need to look up some pick up lines." I say to myself. "Get her all wishy washy."

And she's done washing up. I made sure to use cold water so that she doesn't have to.

As I hear her get out of the shower she pauses oddly.

"Um, Kitsu. Can you bring me my bag?" I hear her say sheepishly, knowing I can hear her. "I, kinda left it in your room."

I speed over to my room. Grab her purple and black backpack. And speed it back to the bathroom. Leaving it at the door and knocking before speeding back to the pancakes.

'Should I get another ironclad beetle to keep Kratos company?' I wonder. 'Or get him something else. I know I'm not making Bakugo bigger or more intelligent. The little bastard can stay an insignificant mongrel for all I care.'

"Thank you!" Missy yells.

.

.

-11am, Commercial District-

.

.

"Alright Wade." I say through the phone. "What've ya got for me?"

"Nothing." He says.

"Nothing?" I ask.

Wade never has, nothing.

"He's completely switched up his routine." Wade defends. "The preexisting information on his behavior is useless. And without preexisting data to analyze."

"Yeah I get the picture." I say with a sigh.

"Wish I could help more but."

"It's fine." I say through a disappointed sigh. "Talk to you later."

*Click*

I sit on the ledge of the sidewalk. My feet dangling over the railing to the underpass below.

"So what'd he say?" A-Train asks.

"No dice." I say.

"So what? That's it?" He says impatiently.

"Calm your butt cheeks blue blur." I say as I type a few things. "I have a few more things I can try."

(Hey! How do I get console access?)-K

(Join the PRT)-M

(-_-)-K

(\_(ツ)_/)-M

(What do you want me to do? I can't give you console access)-M

(Pretty plz? ◕ﻌ◕)-K

(That only works when I can c u)-M

(Well, can YOU call console 4 me?)-K

(No)-M

(Pleeeeeeaaaaaseee?)-K

(No. 4 one I'm off 2day, 2 I'm not even sure if that's allowed)-M

(Well then who is on 2day?)-K

"You done yet?" A-Train asks. "What are ya even doin?"

"Texting my girlfriend." I say.

"Right now?" He asks as he throws his arms out and slaps his thighs. "Seriously?"

"Okay, one, I'm letting you team up with me." I say and hold up a finger. "Two my girlfriend, is Vista! You know? The Ward. PRT? Access to all the emergency calls in the city?"

And within a few miles of.

He stays quiet at that as I give him a side glare.

"I know what I'm doing." I tell him. "Do you?"

He at least has the decency to look away in embarrassment.

(I can't tell u that)-M

(…)-M

(Sooner I get done the sooner I come back ;))-K

(…)-M

(Chris, call Vergil and Carlos first. Don't let on that I told you)-M

(Kay! Love you! XOXOXOXO)-K

(Save some of those for when you get back ;))-M

"RRMMMM!" I squeal as I kick my legs.

'Why!?' I scream in my head.

"Um." A-Train starts.

"If it's not constructive to the current issue, I will leave you here." I threaten, side eyeing him again.

He puts his hands up in mock surrender as he turns away. Hands in the air.

'That's what I thought.' I think bitterly.

So far, what I've learned here is that this version of A-Train isn'ta drug addict. I'd be able to smell something if he was. And I've been around him for the better half of an hour.

Now, whether he's a rapist, glory hound, or a sellout? We'll see. So far he's just impatient and annoying!

I dial for Vergil.

…

…

"Yo, this isn't another call like the last one is it?" He asks.

"Depends." I say. "What do you mean by last one? Because there are similarities."

"Asking me my opinion on making a Nazi black." He explains.

"Oh, then no." I say. "Looking for Blue Hawk but he's switching up his routine. I was wondering if you could give me console access."

"Not a chance." He says.

"Pleeeeeaaaassse?" I beg.

"Why don' you ask Vista?" He suggests. "From what I've seen all you gotta do is look at her and she'll melt."

'He clearly doesn't know what she's like in private.' I think in amusement.

"I did. She put her foot down." I say grumpily. "She's staying neutral."

"Huh, well then. SOL." He says nonchalantly.

*Click*

"I got two more people to go through." I say before A-Train can start.

…

…

…

"Hey! It's-" I hear the voicemail start.

*Click*

I call him again.

…

…

"What's up?" I hear the tired voice of Carlos say.

"Hey it's Kitsu, I was wondering if you could give me console access."

"If I do will you let me sleep?" He says.

"Sure, I guess." I say, surprised at how easy it was.

I had a whole thing planned to make it look like I really was just going down the line.

*Click*

I sit here and wait a bit.

*Rrrmm*

My phone buzzed.

Checking it, I dial the number.

"This is Kid Win at the console. What is it you require?" I hear Chris say.

"Do they have you guys memorize that?" I ask. Remembering when I was with Missy while she was on console duty.

"… Kitsu? Who gave you this number? Was it Vista?" Chris asks.

"No actually. She refused to tell me." I say, technically not lying. She just told me who was on duty today. "It was Ca- I mean Aegis."

"Of course it was." Chris sighs. "What do you need?"

"Wait, seriously?" I ask.

"Unless you're calling to waste my time. I'm, literally not allowed to deny you help." He explains.

"Oh, in that case. I'm hunting down Blue Hawk but he's switched up his routine and I need help finding him."

"And you want to use the crime tracker to see if you can find him through the reports." Chris states.

"Yeah, pretty much." I confirm.

"Fine, I'll contact you when I get something." He relents.

"Thanks bye!" I say and hang up.

"Well?" A-Train asks.

"Now we must do the hardest, most grueling, impossible task a hero can do." I say dramatically.

"What's that?" A-Train asks seriously.

"We wait."

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus The good ending cont.

.

.

Non-Canon

.

.

Kitsu Dallon POV

.

"But maybe I need a reminder, why don't you show me?" She says with a grin as she moves her hands from my hips to massage the base of my tail.

'Oh, she's really kissy today!' I think to myself.

"No biting." She adds quickly.

"No promises." I say with a grin as we fall back.

.

.

-forty minutes later-

.

.

"Oh! Oh Missy! Oh god I'm-mmrrrmmm!" I'm cut off as Missy pulls my head down with one hand and silences me with a kiss. My thighs clamping and trembling around hers as we cum together. Missy holding my butt down as she writhes under me, riding her own orgasm.

I whine into our kiss as I come down from my second orgasm. Missy scratching my ears as she holds my head, while groping by read in her other hand.

"Pah! Ha, ha, ha." I pant as we separate.

Missy smiles up at me as she moves her hands to my waist. Holding me gently as she kisses me again. This one leading to a gentle makeout, as opposed to the rough silencing she gave me a few moments ago.

God! Missy is insatiable! Not that I don't like it. Just doing my wifely duties! Not that we're married.

Yet.

Missy wants to get a house first. She refuses to use my money. To her it isn't a home if it isn't earned.

She makes a decent amount. Well, will make a decent amount. As of now the government foots the bill for her apartment and schooling. Paying her four hundred to do with as she pleases every month.

It's meant for food and necessities. But they don't really check in with where that money goes. A sort of "Use it responsibly because it's on you." Sort of thing.

"Hmm, I'll never get tired of that." She says as we part from our kiss.

"I can tell." I say as I lay on her, resting my head on her chest as I hear her heart thud. "So, how was school?" I ask as she holds me.

"Same old same old." She says as she rubs my back. "Trig teacher is still a bitch."

This is pretty standard. She gets home. I greet her if I can. We make out and sometimes have sex. Depends on how Missy feels. I'm down whenever really, but I'm also good to just cuddle. Oh, and we're in her apartment.

She applied for emancipation and finally got it when she was sixteen. And she's cut all first party contact to her parents.

It just so happened that the day she got emancipated she was so happy that she broke into my room. Completely forgetting about my heat cycle in her excitement to tell me the good news. Or at least that's what she claims.

Personally I don't believe her. And about two hours in I woke up restrained to my bed. Turns out we got so into it that I marked her. And she had to call Amy in the middle of it to help her.

I couldn't look Amy in the eye for a month after that. To have my sister come in and pull me off my girlfriend as I'm naked on top of her, biting her shoulder, so in the moment that I couldn't focus on anything.

And when Vicky found out?!

Well, remember what Hulk did to Loki? Yeah, that. Don't worry, she was fine.

Speaking of Vicky. She and Dean broke up. For good it seems. It was actually he who broke up with her this time. And they haven't gotten back together. It's been about six months.

What happened is she broke up with him. Nothing new. And slept with another guy in the two weeks they were separated. According to her, she figured that's what he was doing every time they separated so it wasn't a big deal if she did it.

Never once thinking to check and seeif that was true. Dean never saw their break ups as actual break ups. Just time to spend apart from each other. So he never treated them as break ups.

Vicky's been trying to apologize. And honestly? Either way, whether or not they'll get back together, this'll be good for them. Either Vicky will learn to stop being so temperamental and treat Dean the way he deserves. Or they start dating others and this off again on again cycle will stop.

Amy goes to therapy, won't tell anyone what it is over. Though I'm ninety percent sure it has to do with her attraction to Vicky. Which somehow never got out.

Right now she works with medical companies to develop antibiotics, vaccines, that sort of thing. And she's seeing someone. Don't know who, but I can smell it on her.

And she takes commissions to modify other people. She got over her whole, everything with that. Though according to her it's like, mostly cosmetic stuff. Bigger boobs, crisper jawlines, cleaner abs, that sort of thing.

There's actually a whole new subsection of laws because of her. Originally a bunch of athletes went to her for various advancements and modifications. So many that they made laws regarding "Parahuman enhanced abilities in sports."

Or as they're more commonly known. The Panacea laws.

Amy thought it was hilarious. All those people who paid her out the ass for a quick and easy route to athletic fame. Are now permanently banned from official sports unless they pay her again, to undo what they paid her to do in the first place.

Kratos died. I don't wanna talk about it.

Crystal and Firebreather are having a kid. And have more than a few public indecency charges.

Turns out Crystal is a kinky bitch. Like, super kinky. So kinky that I dread answering her calls. She might call to talk. Or might call to talk while getting railed by Fire as she tries to hide it. Or she might visit only to be fooling around behind everyone's back.

I tried talking to her about it. About the whole, I can hear her! And she, thought that was even hotter.

She has given me some ideas though. Some worked, some, didn't. And some really worked.

Let's just say I have a lot of practice with holding up my illusions while being distracted.

My biokinesis too.

"How was your day sweetie?" Missy asks.

"Uneventful." I tell her. "Did a patrol with Ben and his cousin. Nothing happened. Did a stream, earned quite a bit in subs." I say with a shrug.

"What about your collab with Eric and Pinky?" She asks as she rubs my sides.

Aftercare for us mostly involves Missy pampering and massaging me. Talking about our day and kissing. I massage her when she gets a cramp or pulls something. But other than that? Missy just likes coddling me.

And I like being coddled by her. So it just works. Not to mention her figure is breath taking. I may be a bombshell shortstack. But she's got that athletic build. Not overly muscled. But she has muscles. Soft but strong ones. Perfect to lay on.

She's got a runners build. Her mom was wrong about being a late bloomer. She only grew out to a low c cup. And I did give her larger breasts at one point. She went a week before asking me if I liked her with big boobs. When I told her my tastes didn't include breast size she begged me to turn them back to how they were.

"It got pushed back." I say simply as I nuzzle the top of my head to her throat. "Something about Pinky's sponsors ripping her off or using her image for stuff she didn't agree to."

Pinky and Eric dated for a bit later in high school. But broke up after a while. It was mutual, there's no awkwardness between them or anything, they just operate better as friends.

In Eric's words, "Dating your best friend is like dating your favorite jacket. It works on a level you can't explain. You just know each other and it's just so comfortable. But all that being said, who in their right mind would try and fuck their jacket?"

When I told Pinky what he said her response was. "Yeah, pretty much. Don't get me wrong he's a great guy. Just not for me."

Doesn't stop them from hooking up every now and then.

Mom and Dad are still heroes. Though Dad is starting to get empty nest syndrome hard. Amy's already moved out. Once Missy gets her own place that isn't an apartment I'm moving in with her. And Vicky is trying to get into college with boarding. And he keeps asking all three of his daughters when he'll get grandkids.

I told him Skippy is my son and that should be good enough for him. Amy said when she figures some things out with her personal life she might adopt in the future. And Vicky said when it feels right.

Mom is, unconcerned. In her words, "If it happens it happens."

Maureen is dead, I killed her. And Static went back to Dakota and refuses to talk to me because of it. Never did get that autograph.

Oh! And Riley is better now! Still a little sociopathic and codependent. Only now it's on Amy rather than that piece of shit Jack. She still refuses to age. And keeps referring to Amy as "Big sissy."

Jack left scars on her that simply won't heal. Or at least ones we don't know how to heal. She can't tell right from wrong and needs someone to tell her. And that someone has to be family figure.

Chris and Jenny are dating. That one kinda came out of nowhere. They were tinkering one day and I walked in on them to get my hearing aides fixed, only to find Jenny on Chris's work table, her legs around his waist as they made out. Thankfully still clothed.

I laughed my ass off when I learned Chris wound up in the hospital one time because he and Jenny forgot that she weighs 600 pounds!

So yeah, she can't be on top.

I helped heal Gully up a bit. She no longer has a disfigured face and a hunch back. Now looking more like a masculine Amazonian woman. As opposed to a rejected hunchback of Notre dame.

Sveta was a bit, trickier. Not the least of which being I needed Amy's help and any alteration to her body was causing it to lash out. She's dating Weld. And I made her a proper she as per her request. Turns out she's trans.

That was even trickier.

She works as a receptionist in Boston for some company or other that I can't remember the name of. Happy and content with her new life away from capes. Except for Weld.

"Hmm, any word on when you'll reschedule?" Missy asks as she glides her hands down to my ass.

She really is just infatuated with my rear. Tail, butt, thighs, legs, all of it.

"No, not yet." I say and scoot up a bit, knowing what's coming next.

Missy's gonna try and go for another round.

"Hey now, where's that hand going?" I ask with a teasing smile.

"Only where it wants to." She says as she scoots back to sit against the headboard. Bouncing me in her lap and groping my cheeks.

"Hmm, maybe later." I say and give her a kiss. "For now I need to get home and take Skippy for a walk."

Skippy is the Koraidon I made from a basilisk lizard. He can't fly, only really glide. But he can do everything else! He's too strong for anyone in the house to walk aside from me and Vicky. And she refuses after he ate all her makeup that one time.

He's a goofy boi like that!

I've lost track of the calls from rich parents offering money for him. Or to make a new one.

I refused all of them. He's one of a kind and will stay that way!

Speaking of, Chris and Dragon actually paired up and made a Miraidon upon my suggestion. And unlike Skippy, Techno can actually fly. He's just more high maintenance. He's Chris's new ride. Or should I say, Gold Medal's.

Couldn't really stay Kid Win forever. And he refused Dennis's insistence on, Winman.

"You're just trying to get out of your turn to wash the sheets." She accuses, still kneading my rear.

"Oh? How about this?" I say and whisper in her ear.

"Oh god." She gasps with wide eyes.

"I'll be back, after. And we can have some real fun." I say, groaning and stretching as I lift off her.

"You better get back soon." She says with a smile.

"Promise~"

.

.

.

.

A/N

That "Can't stop won't stop don't stop" is a mantra I say in my head to keep myself going when I'm exhausted. It works for me.

.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

Grimnosh: Has there been a character you wanted to introduce but didn't because you felt they wouldn't be a good fit for the story?

NEWB: Several. A lot of One Piece characters. But they simply wouldn't fit into the narrative of Worm without tweaking their character to the point that they're just not that character anymore. There's a lot of Hunter x Hunter characters as well. But I felt I had enough planned without throwing them in.

Interestingly enough, it was originally going to be Himiko Toga instead of Cletus Kassidy as Scarecrows new recruit.

.

FOR [Conduit]!

.

FOR KITSU!

Casanova5424: What would you think of making a religion around Arceus?

Kitsu: If I thought of it before two thousand and nine, I would've tried. Oh god why didn't I think of that!?

NEWB: For context, Arceus was official, recognized? In August of twenty oh nine.

Casanova5424: If you could have a pokemon type/types what would they be? And what would you call some of your moves?

Kitsu: Flying, because I'm weak to ice to electric XP. And Dark for everything else.

I'd have double team, extreme speed, charm, and metronome as moves.

My ability would be Special Absorb! Special attacks don't hurt me. Instead they raise a random stat when they hit!

I'd be a roaming legendary!

My stats would all be in defense, attack, and HP!

.

LIMITED TIME ONLY

(Good Ending) FUTURE KITSU DALLON!

Kitsu Dallon: Ask me questions, but I will warn you. Ask for a spoiler and I'll either ignore you, or give absolute nonsense.

Other than that, I'll answer just about anything!

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas and motivation moving forward.


The reason so many updates have been coming out on Kitsu, is because May 27 is the first time I posted this story, and the story canonically starts on May 9
So, this is Kitsu month.



Find in newb's-grotto at the discord! I post art of the characters and hold polls!

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Taylor Klatt, SolverFollower, Vanir and 171 others
Newb to the game
May 19, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 40 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
May 23, 2024
Add bookmark
#345
A/N Open season Pt. 4

Alt title: Run down and worn out.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Sunday, May 22nd, 12pm, Dallon House-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I'm sat here in Kitsu's room playing with Kratos. Kitsu asked me to while she's out on patrol.

Watching him pick up sticks with his mouth and move them. Making a ramp into the tote with a strawberry in it.

You know. He is kinda cute. In a dopey, I just am, kind of way. And it is rather interesting, watching him figure stuff out.

Earlier he learned to roll himself over when put on his back. He just tucks the legs of one side in. And waves the other side back and forth.

He's also learned to take full advantage of his unbreakable shell. Making ramps and dropping himself into things or using himself to knock stuff over.

He's finished making the ramp. But, he's grabbing another stick anyway.

I watch in interest as he drops the stick in the tote. A little while later he drops another. And another. And another.

Then he drops himself in.

"Good job." I say and pet his rough black back affectionately.

Kitsu assures me he likes it. Though I don't see how he could. There aren't any nerves in his exoskeleton. At least I don't think so. But she is the one who made him. So, I'm not about to argue it.

And he clearly recognizes the gesture. Seeing as he doesn't move until after I stop petting him.

He's very slow. Kitsu says it's because he has a reduced metabolism and most of the energy goes to his brain. So, he requires a lot of high calorie and protein foods that are easy to break down. Which is why the strawberry is a day old and left out.

She used bigger words, but that's what I was able to understand.

I decide to go ahead and go through some things on my phone while he eats his well earned treat.

As I'm browsing Kitsu's PHO page. Reading a bunch of the comments. Switching over to my page. Seeing a bunch of things I've been tagged in. Most of it cape stuff. I feel Mr. Dallon turn the corner into the hall through my field of influence. As he walks up to Kitsu's door he turns to address me. Dressed in jeans and a red plaid flannel.

"Hey just a heads up." He says. "I'll be mowing the lawn so if you need anything that's where I'll be. Amy's watching some teen drama." He points a thumb down the hall towards the living room.

I know, my power gives a general knowledge of where every living organism in my immediate area is. Well, everything that isn't a plant. Plants are harder to warp and tend to warp themselves back faster than non living things. But they're not impossible like animals and people.

When it comes to my ability to sense others around me, I can't see them. I just have a sense of them being there. Like, a fuzzy orb of static my power can't reach. If I focus on it I can make out more detail of its shape and size. But that's it. Like, I have a field of 'Yes' around me and every living thing in it is a "No". I've been practicing with keeping part of my focus on the sense my power feeds me on Kitsu's insistence. Something about a 'spidey sense' or something.

"Gotcha." I say with a thumbs up.

"What's this?" He asks curiously, gesturing to the tote Kratos is in.

"Oh, Kitsu asked me to keep an eye on him while she's out." I say with a shrug. "Apparently he has enough intelligence to get bored, so she asked me to interact with him for a bit."

"I, don't know how to respond to that." He says with a look of surprise.

"I didn't either." I tell him seriously. "Don't think there is a proper response to learning your girlfriend is casually creating new species."

I knew she was making plants. But, I'dunno, there's just something different about making new plants and making things that move and have brains.

"Fair point." He agrees with a bob of his head.

"Hey um, real quick." I say to get his attention as he turns to leave.

"Hmm? What's up?" He asks as he turns back.

"Um, why doesn't Mrs. Dallon like me?" I ask tentatively.

"Oh, that?" He says dismissively. "I wouldn't take it personally. She has a general distrust of everyone she meets."

"Why?" I can't help but ask.

"That's, not something I can tell you." He says evasively. "Sorry, it's deeply personal."

"Oh, sorry I asked." I apologize.

"It's fine." He says with a wave. "Oh well, lawn won't mow itself. Amy's in the living room. I'll be outside."

"Kay." I say and give a curt wave as he leaves.

*Thunk*

Looking down. I see Kratos had finished his strawberry. And had stacked the sticks so that he could climb to the side of the tote and tip it over to let himself out.

All while I wasn't paying attention.

"How can something so slow be so sneaky?" I ask to no one in particular as I pick him up.

Thank god he can't do anything extra. Like fly or make tools. That'd be a level of intelligence that's just plain scary.

I wonder how Kitsu's faring with that train guy?

.

.

-Meanwhile, North Commercial District-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Come on, there's gotta be something else we can do than just sit on our as- butts." He says impatiently. Crossing his arms as he stares down at me expectantly.

"You can cuss around me." I tell him with a roll of my eyes as I but my hands on my hips. "I'm thirteen, not eight."

"Fine. Why are we just sitting on our asses?" He reiterates.

"Language!" I say in offense. Putting a hand to my mouth and pointing to him accusingly.

"You just said." He points out.

"Just because you can doesn't mean you should." I say as I cross my arms and turn from him with a huff. "Besides, you should never cuss around a lady. For shame."

"You're dealing with a child, remember that." He says under his breath.

"Teenager!" I correct.

*Ring*

Hearing the tone, I fish my phone out of my pocket. Not even bothering to check if it's spam or not. A blessing of twenty ten. Phone call spammers aren't really a thing yet. And those that are are so obviously bots that it isn't even funny.

"Hi! This is Kitsu!" I say into the phone.

"This is Kid Win at the console, we have a report of a mugging on one forty seven Rainier avenue." Chris says monotonously.

"Is it Blue Hawk?" I ask in an expectant and hopeful tone. Pleading to whatever deities there are that this was it.

"No, just a normal mugging." Chris informs me. Dashing all hope of my patrol ending early.

The deities seem to want me to suffer a bit longer it seems. Sounds about right, all things considered.

"Then why call me?" I ask, annoyed at the possible implications.

"You wanted console access, okay, down side? Console direction." Chris informs.

That's what I was dreading.

"Okay, why me?" I ask again.

"Because you're a Mover eight and a healer therefore the victims best bet?" He enlightens me.

I, can't argue with that logic. Sadly.

For one, arguing it implies I'm not the best. Can't have that. Two, it's a really good point.

I would also like it known that I'm higher than an eight. My illusionary platforms can move as fast as I can think. And I can enhance my perception so that I can think faster. I just don't have any need to go that far. It's like ordering a first class plane ticket to fly you from the docks to Arcadia.

Unnecessary and just screams overcompensation.

Back on topic!

"I thought Wards were kept out of combat?" I point out. Hoping to get out of dealing with a basic grade mugging.

"You're not a Ward." Chris wisely points out. "Look, someone's getting mugged. Help them?"

"Fine, where is it again?" I ask, having not paid attention.

"Rainier Avenue." Chris repeats.

'At least it's still in the commercial district.' I say internally as I thank the small blessings.

"Alright I'll be right there." I say and hang up.

"Hey, Trainee." I say and look up to the expectant man.

"I'm not a trainee." He says defiantly.

"You are." I reaffirm. "You know where Rainier avenue is?"

"Yeah, five blocks north from the mall." He says plainly with a shrug.

"Good. Meet you there." I say and speed off.

I asked because I didn't know. And my guess of it being in the commercial district was off.

I take off. Jumping up and onto a nearby roof. Landing on the rails with a soft tink. Scaring the shit out of the two guys having a conversation as I do so. I make another leap. Angling myself forward more and creating an invisible cone in front of me to act as a windbreaker.

I keep up this pace. Landing on rooftops and launching myself. Careful not to dent any railings or chip any brickwork with my strength.

My windbreaker illusion proved its worth when a flock of birds flew by me. Rather than hitting me, never a fun experience, they slam into the invisible cone.

Before long, I make it to the mall. Though as I do I notice the blue blur that is likely A-Train zipping around the streets. Rushing past and zigzagging. The only thing missing is the train sound effect.

'God that was so cool.' I think to myself. 'whoever's decision that was needed a raise.'

It sucks that I remember that. But I can't remember ever sitting down and actually watching the show.

I shake the thoughts from head as I head north of the mall. Taking to the streets so as to be able to read the street signs.

Before long I find Rainier Avenue. Right next to the intersection for Rainier street. Because that's not confusing.

Anyway. I listen around. Hearing a commotion further down the street, Avenue. I head down there. No A-Train in sight.

Finding a man frantically holding his side as I see and smell blood.

'Okay, I see the victim.' I think run up next to him.

"Yo, you the guy that got mugged?" I ask as I push the odd group around him.

"The fuck does it look like?" He spits out.

"Well, it looks like you're on the ground with a stab wound and it sounds like you could use some soap in your mouth mister." I say in a disapproving tone as I put my hands on my hips.

"Fuck!" He says.

"Shouldn't you help him?" Rando NPC lady says.

"I'm trying. But he's being rude." I say.

"Aight, I'm here." A-Train says as he finally gets here.

"Who're you?" A random guy asks.

"He's my sidekick for the day." I say without looking up.

"Okay, I'm sorry. Can you, get me to a hospital?" The guy on the ground asks.

"One, not a sidekick. Two, sure thing." He says and goes to pick him up.

"One, not with that attitude." I say and put up a pink hexagonal wall to stop him. "Two, no."

"Why?/Why?" Both he and the guy say.

Before I can answer. A-Train decides he doesn't need an explanation and runs around my wall.

Enhancing my perception. I dispel the first wall and conjure a bar to clothesline him.

*Krssht*

Only to have it shatter as A-Train moves past it.

'So he has enhanced durability while moving.' I realize. 'Making him less of a pure mover and more of a mover/breaker combo.'

Seeing him still reach out for the guy. I shoot my hand forward and grab his face. Activating my zero knockback instead of my strength to save on energy. Pulling him back right as his speed is cut off and he's forced back with my then enhanced strength.

He falls back with a yelp of surprise. Clearly not expecting me to just, nope his speed like that.

"To answer your question, it's because I can just heal you." I say, turning back to the injured man.

"Oh." He says. "Please?"

"Sure!" I say and grab his face. It's nothing serious. Literally just a flesh wound.

"You're good." I say after healing him and go to check on A-Train.

Ignoring the guy vocalizing his confusion. I walk to A-Train with a false sweetness in my demeanor. Reaching him I observe his current state. Hands on his hips, he looks upset.

Too bad.

"The hell was that?" He says in a hushed tone as he gestures to the scene we just walked away from.

"That was what I do." I say simply. Not really understanding what he meant.

"What, make me look like a fool?" He asks.

"I didn't make you look like anything you aren't." I say sincerely with a perfect smile.

"Call your parents." He demands.

"Excuse me?" I ask.

"I wanna work with real heroes." He says. "Not juniors."

"Well, too bad." I say as I start bouncing on my heals. "I'm all you get today."

"I'm being serious." He says with a roll of his eyes.

"So am I." I say as I restrain my annoyance.

Oh! I hear sirens. Cops are almost here.

"Why?" He presses on.

"Mom's at work, Amy and Vicky are grounded and even then Amy refuses to fight, Dad has to watch the house, Aunt Sarah has work, Uncle Neil is still getting things sorted at his job after Carnage killed his boss, Crystal has a date and after that she's got a college interview, and that leaves Eric." I start going off as I count on my fingers.

Yes, I keep track of what of everyone is doing as best I can.

"Call him then." He demands.

"Who's fourteen and is needed to watch the Pelham house." I finish.

"Fuck's sake." He says in exasperation as he turns away and shakes his head. Disappointment and frustration clear in his every move.

"Language!"

.

.

-Meanwhile, Trainyard, The Mechanics shop-

.

.

Steve "The Mechanic" Pappagallo POV

.

*POP*

"Fuck!" I curse as I slide out from under the car. Coughing and hacking up the foul smoke I just inhaled.

'Make a boat he said!' I mock in my head. 'I don't make boats, I enhance cars. I tell him.'

Enhance a boat to be a car. Okay. Like it's that simple! I've been trying to do that since the one car fell into the pond!

Everything's been pissing me off. From asinine requests to the fact that it just won't work!

"Fuck I need a drink." I say as I get to my feet.

Walking to the mini fridge that I keep stocked. I open it and grab a bottle of vodka.

"Sheesh. Vodka?" I hear from the door.

Turning to it I see Stefan leaning on the doorframe with his arms crossed. Whole and healthy.

Yeah, we found out his breaker state sort of, resets everything in him. His heart, nervous system, everything. Explains why he's never sick. Guy gets a system reset every time he gets high.

Which is hourly.

"Only reason someone drinks vodka is if they hate their lives." He says as he pushes off the door.

"Pretty sure several Russians would take offense to that." I retort as I twist the cap off.

"Have you been to Russia?" He says as he walks with purpose. "I guarantee they made the stuff to express their self hatred."

"Have you been to Russia?" I ask as I down the liquid fire.

"No, but I, ah damn." He stops as I drink. "You're really downing that shit. Shit, not even a flinch?"

"Nope." I say as I wipe my mouth.

"Fuck, and people tell me I have an addiction." He says.

"It's not an addiction." I say as I put the bottle back.

"That's what I say." He says with a smile as he gestures to himself dramatically. "An addiction is a need! No! I have a desire! I make the choice."

"Uh huh." I say and just nod.

"Addiction leaves you unable to choose! No! I don't need cocaine. I want! Cocaine." He continues.

"Let me guess, you can quit any ti-" I roll my eyes as I start.

"NO!" He cuts me off. "I'll never quit. I choose to my life how I desire. And I desire that never ending euphoria. I won't quit whenever I want because I'll never want to." H says, getting closer with each emphasized word.

"O, kay then." I say tentatively. "Why'd you come here?" I ask with a shake of my head.

"I came to check on you of course!" He says, switching tones as though he didn't just go on a rant. "Well, your progress, but the thought is there."

"Pfft, course that's what it is." I say with a roll of my eyes. "Tell Joey that the car's not coming along."

"He's not gonna like that Stevie boy." Stefan says challengingly.

"Tell him he can take his likes and dislikes and shove'em." I say as I look to my tool table. "It is what it is, and what it is, is that I don't have the proper materials."

"How do you mean?" He says and steps over to look at my table with me. "If it's materials you need." He leaves the rest in the air.

"It's less materials and more the proper tools." I say. "Best I got here is a welding torch. No precision, no specialty items, nothing!"

I basically inherited Squealer's shit. And she only kept the bare essentials needed to jerryrig scrap together. Hell, I'm certain she wasn't even an actual mechanic. Just used her Tinker powers to do all the work. It'd explain why she never made anything noteworthy.

"I need to make a hull, yet all I have is a basic car jack. I need it watertight, yet I don't have any hydrophobic material. I need to make it fast in the water, but to do that I need a-" I rant off my frustrations.

After a good few minutes I finish my rant, knowing Stefan paid attention to none of it. I go back to the mini fridge and I down another few gulps of Smirnoff.

"Well, most of that stuff can probably be found in the boat graveyard." He says as he leans back against my tool table. Arms crossed as he thinks.

"Yeah, it can." I agree with him. "And I've been trying to get to ish. But tha fuggin, fucking, fuck! The hard parsh getting it back here!"

Scarecrow wants us to keep this as subtle as possible. And toeing a goddamn boat an eighth of the way through city isn't exactly a "quiet" process.

.

.

-Commercial District, 3pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

*Ring*

Reaching my hand into my pocket. I check my phone to see it's a text from Missy.

(Wen r u getting back?)-M

"Alright, I'm heading back home." I say and get up to leave.

"What?" A-Train asks. "Jus like that. We haven't even caught site of the bastard!"

I don't see why he's getting so uppity. We've stopped five muggings, two carjacking's, three robberies, and one attempted rape. That should be enough for him.

"We've been out here for nearly five hours." I say, turning to the impatient dickhead. "And I kinda rescheduled my day to accommodate you. I was going to spend the day with my girlfriend doing arts and crafts and playing with my pet beetle."

I bought a stepping stone arts and crafts kit. And a handbag arts and crafts. All with my money from my allowance!

"So what, all this is just an inconvenience to you?!" He asks as he tosses his arms out. "Does the fact that a racist cape is out there crippling and killing people not matter enough?!"

'Blue Hawk attacked someone he loves.' I realize.

There's no other reason for him to get this, confrontational over it. He has someone he loves, who'll never be the same because of Blue Hawk.

Even so. An explanation does not equal justification.

That or his conflict drive is acting up.

[Negative]

'Oh, you're here.' I recognize [Conduit]

Which means that A-Train isn't a natural trigger. He's a cauldron vial.

So many red flags are now blaring in my head.

"Let me put this into perspective." I say irritably. "You have a day scheduled, one with your loved one. Then some rando NPC shows up in your house! Saying they want to join your quest. So, you be nice and let them."

"That's-"

"I'm not done blue balls!" I cut him off as I glare up at him, suddenly far more on edge now as I go through everything in my head. "Then! When you're out. All you hear is, where is Blue Hawk? Why haven't we found Blue Hawk? When will we find Blue Hawk? How is Blue Hawk not out today?! What is Blue Hawk doing?!" I pant, ending my rant. Gaining the eyes of several onlookers.

He opens his mouth, trying to find something to say. Either to refute me, or justify himself.

"What are you going to do when you find him?" I ask.

He doesn't say anything.

"You know killing him will just put you on the villains list right?" I say.

"I never said I'd kill him!" He denies.

"You didn't have to." I say and turn us both invisible.

Enhancing my perception, speed, and strength. I grab his hand, turn of his motor neurons, and make an invisible platform to fly us up and to a nearby tall building.

I look around the roof. Spotting four security cameras, I make illusionary planes form in their joints and expand. Forcing them to fall onto the ground. Broken and off. Without any cleave lines to indicate a cut.

I drop the invisibility and hold him over the edge of the building. Reactivating his motor neurons.

"Don't lie to me Reginald." I say as hold him by his collar.

"How, how did you?" He starts in surprise.

"My Thinker power. A nuisance that I have zero control over." I tell him. "It really likes giving the unwritten rules a middle finger."

"Where is this coming from?" He says in a panic, deciding to focus on the important thing.

"Honestly? You're just on my last nerve." I tell him. "That and I don't trust you. And before you say it's a race thing, It's not, I don't trust that you won't kill Blue Hawk when we find him. So until you get whatever it is in your messed up noggin under control, I'm putting an end to this team up."

I'm going for a clean sweep of the Empire here. Can't do that if he flies off the rails and decides killing Blue Hawk is worth whatever consequence it brings. And I'm trying to scare him off.

"Why would you be doing this? You're supposed to be a hero!" He says through gritted teeth.

"You're right." I concede. "And right now you're looking mighty villainous."

That, scares him even more. As it should.

I heft him over and toss him onto the roof. He lands on his side with a bounce as he catches himself. In a blur of movement he's back on his feet.

"That's it?" He says in frustration. "You just gonna give up?! What about Stormtiger? You got him in a day!" He accuses.

"Stormtiger didn't go to ground as soon I made my post." I reply.

I'm two seconds from ditching him. His hyper fixation on Blue Hawk and the knowledge he's a vial cape don't paint a pretty picture. And if I know anything! It's to not get mixed up with cauldron.

"Well then maybe you shouldn't go posting who you're after on the fucking internet!" He yells.

"You're right." I concede. "That way I wouldn't get people like you at my doorstep." I say let myself fall over the railing. Turning invisible as I do.

I catch myself on a platform not ten feet as I watch him rush to the edge. Looking over frantically for me before pushing back up.

I hover back up and place myself back on the edge to observe him. Watching as he runs his hands over his shaved head. Pacing back and forth around the roof. Before taking his blacked out sports goggles and tossing them aside against the roof access door. Screaming in anger and frustration as he does so.

He stares at the goggles he threw across the roof. Before going back over a picking them up. Putting them back on and leaning against the brick. Sliding down to a sitting position as he does.

Best way to see what someone's about? Leave them to their own devices and watch what they do when they think no one's looking. And so far this is telling.

He's desperate, and frustrated.

Not my problem.

As I turn to leave. I'm stopped by the sound of him, laughing?

Looking back, I see he has his head in his hands. His chest heaving as he gives out pitiful chuckles.

"Ha, fuckin' course you'd screw this up." He says to no one in particular. "Wouldn't be the first, fuck up. First Nate, then that damn website, then your scholarship, now this?"

At this point I'm just curious. Watching him as he takes his goggles off to start crying.

If he's doing this to gain my sympathy in the off chance that he thinks I'm still here. Then I applaud his commitment because for fuck's sake it's working!

I slowly walk over to him. Careful not to make a sound. Before long I'm standing in front of him. With him none the wiser. I wait for him to finish crying before kicking his shin.

"What the!" He shouts in surprise as he shoots straight up. Smacking his head into the bricks behind him. "Aargh!"

"Get your issues in order, then come back." I say before turning around. "And hurry up. I'm not putting my hunt on hold just so you can take your time. If I find him before you're good to go. Then that's on you."

I give a single super powered jump to leave the building behind. Heading home and putting A-Train behind me.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus The good ending Kitsu X Missy final

.

.

Non-Canon

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

Throwing the sheets into the washer, I can't help but reflect on my day. Had a good breakfast, made by Kitsu. Me and her spent time together. She made me my lunch for the day. Went to school, suffered. Came home, was greeted by my adorable little snuggle bug. Though today she was my sexy little vixen.

She's so perfect. Sometimes I can't help but think she's too good for me. She's a world renown figure in several fields. And here I am. Just a Shaker nine hoping to get promoted to second in command of the city.

'Is this how Legend's husband feels? Maybe. Probably not. Legend can take off the mask and just become Keith whenever they're together. Kitsu can't.' I ponder as I sit in the laundry room of the apartment complex.

"Well if it isn't the resident troublemaker." I hear the familiar grumpy voice of one of my neighbors as I'm contemplating my life.

"What do you want Logan." I state more than ask.

"Just wanted to use the washer, but it's clearly taken." He says grumpily. "Now I have to sit and wait for you to finish."

Logan is a middle aged man of average height. Grouchy as all hell and hates me. Mostly because I'm 'A suspicious character.' What with the fact that I leave for irregular times, and my girlfriend, that no one in the apartment has ever seen. But have definitely heard.

"If you wanted to use the washer and dryer, then you should put in a scheduled time on the sheet. Instead of always just coming in during the free hours." I point out.

"Well if some people didn't fuck like rabbits then they wouldn't be in the laundry room using up the free hours so much!" He complains. "I've put in five noise complaints because of you! And for some reason they never get addressed!"

'That's because the PRT doesn't want to piss off Kitsu.' I think bitterly as my face heats up in a mix of anger and embarrassment.

The building is own by shell company for the PRT. And they're well aware of who I am and who my girlfriend is. Though I can't say anything about the noise complaint.

Because they're true.

Kitsu is not a quiet partner. Even when she tries, she can't help but give out rewarding little squeaks and gasps of pleasure. Honestly it makes the experience that much better. And probably why I jump her so often. Well, that and that ass.

"Maybe it's because you're the only one putting in the complaints?" I ask in a pointed manner as the washer dings.

When it's Kitsu's turn for laundry she just puts the sheets in a bag and runs to her house.

Just ignoring Logan's inane rambling as I finish my laundry and head back to my apartment. I step out of the laundry room to see three more people waiting. At least they have the decency to wait outside.

I pass them as I walk by.

"Ignore him sweetie." Mrs. Granner says as I pass. "He's just jealous that he can't get any."

"Lady, you are gem." I say as I can't help but laugh at the out of pocket statement.

Mrs. Granner and her husband are an elderly couple. And not the grouchy, 'Why back in my day!' kind. More the, 'Kids will be kids, let them have fun while they can afford to.' Kind.

"Oh I know, my Lenny lets me know how priceless I am all the time!" She barks out.

Most of the people here are chill like that. Logan's the exception. And he should be grateful Kitsu's never been around to hear him sass me.

Last guy mysteriously wound up in the middle of the woods for three days before magically finding himself in the hospital. Not like that! He was just dropped into the woods naked and then after three days was in the middle of the hospitals reception room. Naked.

That was funny. Mostly because he deserved it.

Thinking on all the residents here has me thinking about when I'll move out. There are a few here I'll miss. Mr. and Mrs. Granner being chief among them.

Personally I don't mind apartment life. It's quaint. But I want to be able to spend more of my time freely with Kitsu. And we can't do that here.

That four million trust fund is going directly into a house. And since I have over eight years experience before the age of twenty. I'm making a good five hundred thousand a year. Salary.

I've already been looking at houses, Kitsu doesn't care about the house so long as it's spacious with a large yard. She's honestly rather minimalist compared to most. She doesn't really care for material possessions. Only caring for things with sentimental value. Souvenirs and stuff like that. She chalks it up to her life before moving in with her family. Always on the run and not being to really keep hold of anything you can't physically carry everywhere.

Me? I have a storage unit ready to be unlocked the moment I move out.

I'm also wanting a spacious house with a big yard. Mostly so I can spend more time with Skippy. Kitsu loves him like a son. The same way some families treat their pets like family. And I love him too. He's just the most precious thing ever!

I never got it until she spent several months making Skippy. All that effort into raising and caring for something? You can't help but get attached. Which is why it hurt so much when Cocytus killed Kratos.

Kitsu is currently working on making a species of reptile similar to Skippy. But, lesser. She calls them Cyclizars. Mostly because their throat pouches and tails make them look like bikes when they run. Similar to Skippy.

There's a whole sciency reason behind why he does that. But I just think Kitsu made it that way because it looks silly.

I make it back to my apartment and head to the couch. Folding the sheets and various other clothes. As I'm folding my underwear I can't help but laugh at remembering back when we first got together.

God! I was so infatuated with her. I had bought her line of underwear on a whim. And well, one thing happened that lead to another. And she saw me wearing said underwear.

Ugh! That was embarrassing. But the way Kitsu was stuttering and blushing. Her tail twitching and ears splayed back. Which I came to learn was a mix of embarrassment and arousal.

I can't wait for our wedding.

.

.

Kitsu Dallon POV

.

"I'm home!" I call out as I step through the door.

"Rooughuuo!" I hear Skippy call out.

I open my arms in anticipation. Watching happily as he bounds the corner down the hall and runs past the stairs into my waiting arms.

I have to activate my immovable power to catch him. Otherwise he'll barrel me through the door.

Yeah, I changed the name. Zero knockback is just a mouthful and not as easy to say.

He rears up crashes his chest into me. Nuzzling the bottom of his jaw into the top of my head.

"Roouu!" He coos as I catch him.

"Did you miss your mommy?" I coo back as I scratch his sides.

"Rououou~" He huffs as he reels back. Going back to all fours in front of me.

"Yes you did!" I coo and scratch his cheeks. "Yes you did!"

He starts licking my face in response. Thankfully I gave him a dry tongue. Only salivating when his mouth gets too dry or for when he eats.

He's a decent size. Six hundred and some odd change of pounds in pure muscle and over eight feet tall when reared up.

Yeah, there's a reason only I walk him. His throat sack fills with air when he runs to store as much oxygen as possible. His tail curling up to keep him from whacking everything and everyone when he runs. And it makes him look like a bike even though he still runs on all fours.

His heart is four chambered as opposed to the standard three chambered heart reptiles have. Allowing for more efficient movement of blood and making it so that he doesn't need to rest as often. And unlike reptiles. His brain contains more subdivisions and a more developed frontal lobe. Making him have the emotional intelligence similar to that of a dog.

I'm working on getting his littler cousins, the Cyclizars, approved. But even with my influence. It's a tough battle.

I've given them zero hunting instincts. No natural weapons. And an inability to reproduce on their own. They work on a pheromone system and lack the ability to produce the pheromones needed to initiate their own reproductive cycles.

Making it impossible for them to survive in the wild.

They're playful and silly like Skippy. But lack his protective instinct. So the odds of one of them intentionally hurting someone is lower than that of, well, name a breed of dog.

I've already made a post on PHO that if people buy them just to eat them I will pursue actions against them.

Not legal actions mind you. But I couldn't say that online.

"Alright, wanna go for a walk?" I say, slapping my hands to my knees and put my face to his.

"Urouo?!" He crouches excitedly. His tail curling in and his feathers splaying back in preparation.

"Yeah!" I say excitedly. "Go getcha chain!"

"Rooooooooouoouououuuuo!" He shouts excitedly as he runs down the hall.

In a few seconds he starts running back. The sounds a clinking metal as he trots back. Knowing not to run while carrying his chain lest he throw it everywhere in his excitement and put dents in the walls and floors.

Again.

"Good boy." I praise as I take the chain and wrap it around his neck. Clipping it and turning to the door.

I grab the knob. Turning it and looking back to him.

Opening it slowly.

"Ah, aaah!" I tease. His eyes darting between me and the door.

"Hmm, maybe later." I say and go to close it.

"Ooour." Skippy whines, headbutting my side in annoyance as though to say. Come on!

"Alright." I say with a laugh and open the door.

Skippy wordlessly bounds off out the door with me following. Closing the door behind me with my illusions.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

No Blue Hawk death yet. It will come. Just not yet.

.

.

A thanks to RadChaos897

His timing for his review couldn't have been better.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

.

FOR [Conduit]!

.

FOR KITSU!

RadChaos897: Couldn't you just grow Kratos a cage that can house him?

Kitsu: Don't wanna. I'm lazy like that sometimes.

RadChaos897: Ever thought about experimenting with hiveminds? Pick up some ants/bees/termites and see how such a concept is possible with such little creatures and recreate it for larger creatures.

Kitsu: That is one of the things I'm looking into. It's just, so, difficult!

RadChaos897: Have you heard of the Rainbow Eucalyptus? I highly recommend you look it up if you haven't heard of it. It would be the perfect tree to modify and add to your collection of bio-tinkered plants.

Kitsu: It's one of the plants I requested from the PRT! It got denied because it's mildly poisonous.

Cowards.

.

LIMITED TIME ONLY

LAST CHANCE!

(Good Ending) FUTURE KITSU DALLON!

.

Grimnosh: Are you considering having a kid with Missy given both Amy and your biokinesis?

Kitsu Dallon: No. Neither me nor Missy really want kids at this point. Her because she's afraid of being a bad mother. And me because, well, I'm still immortal. I'll outlive any kid I have.

Well, I do have one method to ensure that doesn't happen. But that's a spoiler.

Grimnosh: As a (prank) gift to Missy, would you give her a gemstone covered collar and leash? After all, just giving it to her does not say who is going to wear it... (and you could claim it's for Skippy if she doesn't seem to like it with you wanting to see how well she can walk him, just give her the box and don't say anything while waiting for her reaction).

Kitsu Dallon: Um, that wouldn't really, work as a prank.

Here's a little scenario as to why.

I wait on Missy's bed. Waiting as I hear her approach her door.

*Click*

She walks through the door and heads straight here. Likely sensing that I'm here.

"Oh, no jumping onto me?" She asks as she walks into the room.

"I got something~" I say hold out the box.

"Hmm?" She hums with a smile as she takes the box.

Opening it, she looks to me. Smile growing wider.

"Aww, did your other collar break?" She coos with a smirk.

I just shrug. Not confirming or denying anything.

She takes the collar and snaps it on me. Tugging on the leash to pull me up and meet her lips. Her free hand sliding down my back and into my pants to hold me by my rear. Pushing me against her as she kneads my butt. Moaning into each other through the kiss.

Like I said. Crystal gave us A LOT of ideas. This was one of those that really worked.

Also Skippy is a life sized Koraidon. Eight feet long from head to toe and acts as a mount. He helps me on my patrols. Saying it's a collar for him wouldn't really, I don't think she'd buy it.

RadChaos897: What is the most romantic thing you and Missy have done?

Kitsu Dallon: A midnight picnic on top of the ferry. It's where she expressed her desire to marry me. I refused at first, explaining that while she could spend her whole life with me. I couldn't spend my whole life with her.

I won't say what she said or did to win me over. But I will say she's convinced me to abandon my plans of wiping my memories after a few hundred years.

RadChaos897: What is at least one romantic thing Missy has done for you and vice versa?

Kitsu Dallon: The number one thing that comes to mind is when she got transferred to another city for three months. Dallas I think. She left a bunch of love notes for me to find so that I wouldn't be too sad without her there. In her apartment, around my room, around the ferry in the plants that I have to attend to, in my room at the ferry station and so on. In places only I would run into them. I even found one in Skippy's plumage when I was grooming him.

I'm still finding them occasionally.

As for something I've done for her?

On valentines day, well, spoilers. ;)

RadChaos897: How close are you to being as good as Panacea?

Kitsu: I'll never be as good as Amy. While I have to figure everything out from scratch and work my way from there. She simply knows and cannot ever forget.

That being said, on a scale of one to ten, I'd be an eight.

RadChaos897: Can you pull a Gates of Babylon with your illusions?

Kitsu Dallon: I've already done it before. Multiple times.

It never fails to get a reaction.

Best one was when I was having a spar against Dennis for a PR event.

RadChaos897: At this point everyone in the world should know your powerset and capabilities, so have you had any trouble with malicious people and parahumans attempting to see how far your Immortality goes? As in attempting to kill you via a combination of powers or a Tinker weapon.

Kitsu Dallon: Surprisingly the number of people who know how my powers actually work can still be counted on my fingers.

I have had quite a few people test the immortality bit though. Enough that through a series of unfortunate events we've had to move houses.

RadChaos897: Have any jealous people tried to "take" your Immortality for themselves?

Kitsu Dallon: No, anyone who's smart enough to figure out how to do so is also smart enough to realize that, well, spoilers.

RadChaos897: How many stupid parahumans have tried to fight you to prove themselves better than you?

Kitsu Dallon: At least one a month.

How big has your fanbase grown?

Kitsu Dallon: I'm known worldwide. For both fashion (I've designed several heroes outfits), singing, voice acting (Only had three roles but it still counts!), gaming, reaction videos, the LGBT, heroing, talk shows (I hate those but they're good publicity), and I'm a well known figure in the ecology community (For all the numerous species I've created).

I have three separate P.O. boxes for fanmail and three people I pay to sort through them. As well as three people to go through my email accounts.

My youtube account has fifteen million subscribers, mostly blew up after the year twenty twelve.

My PHO has something like twenty five million.

I refuse! To use twitter.

Don't have a Facebook or an Instagram or snap chat. Too easy for creepers to get ahold of me.

RadChaos897: Assuming you fought Behemoth again, did he react to you differently than how he did the first time? Did he stop sandbagging his attacks when it came to you or did he run away as soon as he laid his eye on you or was he the same?

Kitsu Dallon: Well, we actually fought again not long from where you are in the story. I showed up, involuntarily, due to Strider. I shouted "BENNY DID YA MISS ME?" and we sat down for tea while Optimus Prime gave Godzilla a blow job. Alexandria filmed the whole thing while Abe Lincoln played a sick bass solo in the background.

Good times.

RadChaos897: How many pranks have you pulled on Vicky? What was the best prank you've pulled on her?

Kitsu Dallon: I never kept track of how many. But the best one would have to be the one me a Amy worked on together. I took all the credit of course. Can't have Amy's precious Vicky be too upset at her. Basically we made a viral STD that only infects and shows symptoms in male humans, but can only be transmitted by female humans who are asymptomatic. And infected Vicky.

The virus was harmless. All it did was cause erectile dysfunction and premature ejaculation.

Poor Dean! XD Vicky didn't get any for a week! And Dean was jizzing his pants every time they so much as held hands!

We made it so the virus killed itself off before it could mutate itself.

RadChaos897: Did you ever get in contact with Toybox?

Kitsu Dallon: Nope, never needed to. I'm on good terms with three, technically six, of the most powerful Tinkers in the world. Chris, Tony, and Dragon. And Amy, Riley, and Nilbog technically count.

RadChaos897: If you could say one thing to your past self, what would it be?

Kitsu Dallon: I wouldn't say anything.

Instead I'd slap the shit out of her and then taze her for good measure.

.

LIMITED TIME ONLY!

(Good Ending) FUTURE MISSY BIRON!

Missy Biron: Hey, here I am. I guess.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews.

I especially love speculation. And I tend to put more of what you guys like in the story.

Find me in newb's-grotto at the discord! I post art of the characters and hold polls!

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Taylor Klatt, SolverFollower, Vanir and 162 others
Newb to the game
May 23, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 41 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
May 28, 2024
Add bookmark
#346
A/N Open season Pt. 5

Alt title: Till you're seeing red and blue in the face.

.


-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Saturday, May 28th, Boardwalk 9am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Breakfast date with Missy! Yes!

Oh, Carlos is here too. Less yes.

I'm not in my hero outfit. I don't really patrol until midday today. So instead I'm in my Artoria Lily dress. The blue one. It's cute, in my opinion at least. Missy liked it. Though it wasn't the stunned look she gave to my Rosa or my May outfits.

Eh, they can't all be winners I guess.

"What can I get you three to drink?" The waitress asks casually.

Pigot's done an amazing job of getting heroes to be seen as regular people. Aside from the tourists and those coming to the boardwalk from poorer areas. Most people tend to regard us less as celebrities and more as the local popular kids.

"I'm just chaperoning this little date." Carlos says as he gestures a finger between me and Missy.

"I thought you said you were bored and were using this as an excuse to sit down." I point out, hoping to mess with him.

"It can be both." He says with a shrug. "I'm multitasking."

"Being lazy is what it is." Missy says under her breath.

"I'm sorry, what was that miss, I'm on my second date of the week while on my patrol?" He says and puts a hand to his helmet where his ear would be.

He's not being serious. All of the Wards tend to slack off on their patrols.

"It's better than having zero dates in the last two months." I shoot back.

Doesn't mean I'm not gonna protect my baby! Priorities people.

Carlos raises an accusing finger at me. About to try and say something. Before he gives up.

"Just got roasted by a child." He says in defeat. "My dad always said this would happen."

"Teenager." I correct.

"Um, should I, come back?" The waitress asks.

"No you're good." I say with a wave. "Just had to put the boy in his place."

I can see Carlos flipping me off in the corner of my vision. And I use my illusions to make it look pixelated.

"Okay then." She says with a smile.

Carlos is just trying to shake away the pixels.

"Um, I'll have some chai tea." Missy says.

"I'll take the mocha frappe with a double shot of expresso. Large." I say with a smile.

"Didn't your dad say no caf-" Missy starts.

"Finish that sentence and there will be no tail brushing tonight." I say quickly.

I want my caffeine!

Missy immediately goes quiet with a blush as she suddenly finds her lap more interesting than anything else right now.

I go ahead and let my pixel illusions disperse.

"Alright, I'll get those drinks for you while you decide on what to order." The lady says and leaves.

"So, tail brushing?" Carlos says with a raised brow.

"Don't be jealous a thirteen year old gets closer to. To. Um." I try.

I had something in my head. But halfway through saying it I forgot what I was going to say.

"I'll think of something later." I say and cross my arms in a huff.

"Uh-huh." Carlos says, unimpressed at my momentary lack of wit.

"Aren't you tired of third wheeling yet?" Missy suddenly says to Carlos.

"No, not really." He snaps back in an even tone. "I mean, I got literally nothing better to do."

"It's fine." I say. "He's just taking notes on how to treat a girl properly."

"From who?" He asks. "You, or Vista?"

"Yes." I answer simply.

We continue our threeway back and forth until the waitress comes back with me and Missy's drinks.

"I don't see how someone so small can handle so much caffeine." Carlos says as I get my large mocha frappe with a double shot of expresso.

"Keep talking about my height and I'll bring you down to my level." I say as I start sipping.

"Oh? How're you gonna pull that off?" He says jokingly.

"By pulling your legs off." I say with a shrug as I take out my phone.

After this little date, Missy and Carlos are going to finish their patrol until four. While I'm heading home and then back out to look for Blue Hawk at noon.

He's been out. It's just that he's switched up his routine and every time he's been spotted I've been too busy dealing with something else. Whether it's a robbery, a mugging, a police chase. Or I'm asleep at home.

It's like luck is one of his powers!

A-Train has been by once or twice. He's still impatient and annoying. But not so hyper fixated on Blue Hawk any more. Or he is and he's just hiding it really well.

As of right now I'm going through my phone as Missy gets her tea. Something I've learned is that Missy isn't usually a morning person. And is even less so when it's morning and she has to do patrols.

So, I'm looking up pick up lines. Right now is the perfect time! We're in public, chaperoned. She's tired and at her shyest and most vulnerable!

"Hey Vista!" I say excitedly.

"Hmm?" She perks up from her drink. "What's up?"

"Do you know CPR?" I ask.

"Yeah, basic first aid and emergency response is part of Ward training." She says nonchalantly. "Why?"

"Just making sure you know what your doing." I say cheekily. "What with how you're taking my breath away."

*Slam*

Carlos just slammed his hand on the table and is now laughing his ass off as he leans to steady himself on his knee.

Missy's mouth is stuck partly open as a blush slowly spreads across her face. It honestly looks like she's doing the human equivalent of buffering. Eventually she gets her thoughts back and slides down the chair she's in. Hiding herself as she gives a long squeal.

'Heh. This is awesome.' I think to myself as Carlos collects himself.

.

.

-East Slums, 1pm-

.

.

Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane POV

.

'Where is she?' I ask myself as I walk through the slums to an abandoned apartment.

My men informed me that she's holed herself up in one of the run down apartments. A bad high and a bad episode saw her freak out and hide away.

Thankfully she didn't cause a blizzard in the process.

I walk up the step in my civilian clothes. A windbreaker and jeans. The windbreaker I'm wearing holds miniature canisters of condensed aerosols in the pockets. So that way I'm never unarmed.

Continuing my way up the building. With my breath getting more and more visible as I ascend the stairs telling me I'm in the right place. I reach the top level where the air is brisk yet stuffy. Not quite cold enough to frost over anything ,but cold enough that my breath is greatly visible. Even as I breathe through my nose.

I decide to open each door as I pass. Not knowing which one she could be in. Empty room after empty room of the dilapidated building. Finding nothing but rats, roaches, and cobwebs.

I finally find her in the fifth room I check. Curled up in the corner, scratching her arms. Her long, matted white hair covering her face as she mutters to herself.

"Maureen?" I call softly.

She doesn't respond. And I put my hand in my pocket. Finger on the canister of knock out gas.

"Mory?" I say softly as I walk closer to her.

She snaps up to me. Sweat dripped face and sunken eyes. Bags of sleep deprivation evident underneath her cold icy gaze.

"J-J-J-Joey?" She asks in a jittery voice.

"Yes, it's me. Joey." I say soothingly, plastering a placating smile on my face. "I heard you got scared."

"The, the, the voices." She says as she looks down. "They, they're not gone. They're g-g-getting louder. Why, are they?" She says disjointedly.

'That's withdrawal mixing with untreated schizophrenia.' I note with boredom.

I take my hand off the canister. Knowing how to handle this.

"What about your medicine?" I ask. "Haven't you been taking it?"

"I-I-I can't!" She cries. "I did what you s-s-said! B-but it won't go in anymore."

"Let me see." I say gently and extend my hand.

She shakily raises her arm. Covered in that same ratty, grimy and torn blue coat her mother got her. Though I imagine it no longer looks anything like it once did.

I accept her hand. And gently run my other arm up her sleeve. Staring at the bruise and spider veined arm.

'Just as I thought.' I think to myself with a note of annoyance. 'Collapsed vein.'

It doesn't look as though it'll be a problem. And if she's fine now then it's not causing circulatory issues. It's just a matter of letting it heal.

"Maureen." I say in a light, chastising manner. "What did I say about using it too fast?"

"T-t-to not to." She says with a note of fear in her voice, or is it shame?

Both work. So it doesn't matter.

"This is why." I say and trace the vein. "You put too much in at once. Your body can't handle that."

"I-I s-sor-ry." She cries. "I-it just, I the voices."

"Shhhhh." I calmly silence her. "It's alright. You made a mistake. It happens."

"You're, n-not upset wi-with me?" She snivels.

'Oh I'm livid at how high maintenance you're becoming.' I vent to myself. 'But you're too useful to let you ruin yourself.'

"No, your other arm. Have you tried that?" I ask her.

If her other arm is collapsed then I'll need to use her legs or hands. I'd rather not. Seeing as one requires me to undress a fourteen year old girl. And the other has a higher risk for infection.

"I-I tried." She admits. "But, I'm not good, w-with that hand. A-and I can't-t stop shaking."

I gently take her other arm softly. Rolling up her sleeve to see the bruised and scabbed over puncture wounds. And the lack of a collapsed vein.

'Thank god for the smaller mercies.' I think sarcastically.

I reach into my other pocket and pull out the syringe of brownish clear liquid. Diluted heroin.

"It's gonna sting." I say. Falling into my role of caretaker.

"I-I know, I-I'm used to it." She says as her breath starts picking up.

I run my thumb over the inside of her elbow. Finding her vein I put the needle to it. And immediately feel her tense.

"Hey, what was that one ice cream place you like in Dakota?" I ask, looking up to her.

"Huh?" She says confused.

"That ice cream shop?" I say again. "The one with the silly mascot?"

"The, the turtle shell." She says with a small smile. "M-mama would a-always take me there. W-when she p-picked me up f-from school. I-in the, spring."

While she's talking and distracted, I injected the syringe. And am halfway through the syringe as she slows down.

"I, always, liked the, the rocky road." She continues. "They make, it, different."

"How so?" I ask as the rest of the syringe empties into her.

"I, can't, remember." She drawls out. Her voice light, and slowing.

I take the syringe out and toss it to the side. Hearing it clink on the ground as I keep my attention on the second strongest shaker in the city.

"There you go." I say. "You should be feeling much better now."

Skidmark was a fool. But even a broken clock, is right twice a day. And kidnapping Maureen, sequestering her away and force feeding her heroin was one of those right times. The girl now being so, pliable.

"Thank, you." She says tiredly.

"No problem." I tell her. "Come on. Let's get you out of here."

I reach forward and pick her up. Hooking one arm under her knees and the other under her back. A classic princess carry.

'She's gotten lighter.' I note as I make my way out of the room.

"Have you been eating?" I ask her as I walk down the stairs.

"Not, hungry." She says as her eyes droop. Soon enough she'll be too out of it to talk. "Sorry."

"It's not a problem Mory." I say softly. "But you really do need to eat. How about some Subway? You like sandwiches, right?"

"Mhmm." She nods into my chest.

"I'll get you some once we get back to the warehouse." I tell her. "You can eat when you get up."

"Thank you, Joey." She says as she clocks out. "You're, always so nice, to me."

"It's not a problem." I say with false kindness. "For you, it's worth it."

I need you for what's coming next.

.

.

-Sunday, May 29th, South America, Orinoco River Basin, 12pm-

.

.

Johnathan "Charlie-1" Espinosa POV

.

Finally.

Nearly more than a month in and we finally got the bastard.

I'm down to three members of my squad left. But that's fine. Just means the payout is divided more richly.

"Tranq it!" I yell as it struggles in the rubber mesh net. It's roars and the cackling of electricity nearly drowning out my voice.

I watch as our company switches to tranq rounds. And start shooting. One after the other.

After a count of about twenty eight. The hulking green beast of a man finally stops thrashing. Slowing down his movements as he falls to his hands and knees in the net.

"Well then." I say as I observe his heaving form.

Corded muscle, looking ready to tear his skin the moment he flexes. Long orange mane going down his back. He glares up at me with a barely restrained hatred. His blue eyes drooping.

"Alright. Call the evac." I say as I turn from the freak.

"RAAAAAAAAWWW."

*Kkzzzzzzzzzz*

I jump out of the way at the earsplitting sound. Just in time too. The hulk of a man just electrified himself and shot forward. Rolling into a ball and ripping the iron stakes of the net out of the ground and tossing the net away. Barreling into three of the twenty of us left. Frying and turning them to paste at the same time as he unfolds right before a tree.

"Rah, ha, a-béhe." It says as it falls to a knee. "Pébĩ, xá-ni."

Finally out for the count. Our target collapses. Blood and forest debris marking his person. As well as a few tranq darts still stuck in him.

"Anyone know what the hell it said?" I ask, not taking my eyes off of it this time.

"Sir, Alpha three was our last translator." I hear Delta-4 respond.

"And he's, currently all over. The forest floor." I remark at the remains. "It doesn't matter. Call in the evac while we set up an LZ."

Here's to hoping this isn't some parahuman bullshit and it really weighs like, seven hundred pounds or some shit.

.

.

Potira POV

.

I watch as the strange white men carry my friend. The forest guardian. I hold my mouth as I try not to cry.

He told me to stay hidden. I promised! I can't break that now!

'Why?' I cry to myself. 'He's our guardian spirit! Why would they take such a gentle creature from us?!'

He's kind and caring. He makes flower necklaces with us! We dance and he keeps us safe. He killed the jaguar that killed Iara.

I watch from the foliage as they drag my friend away.

'He's still breathing!' I realize.

As soon as the white men are gone. I rush through the forest back to my village.

"ELDER! CHIEF! MAMA!" I cry out in panic as I run through the entrance and onto the wooden platforms that hold our village up from the water.

I run around the many fishers and weavers as I pass. Many of them trying to stop me as I run.

"Potira! Slow down!"

"You'll slip into the river again!"

"You're going to knock someone over child!"

"If you break the boards, you're helping me fix them!"

I keep going until I reach the Elder's house. Running in to see her weaving beads together.

"Elder!" I cry as I come to a stop in front of her.

"What is it Potira?" She asks, her brow furrowed in worry. "Even with my ears half gone, I could hear your cries from the moment you entered the village."

"The guardian! The white men took him! The ones with the guns and nets!" I tell her.

She takes a minute before realization dawns on her. Her brow raising in fear and shock before coming back down with a hardened focus.

"Get my cane, Potira." She says as she sets her tools down. "I have a meeting to call."

.

.

-Brockton Bay, Commercial District, 3pm-

.

.

Reginald "A-Train" Franklin POV

.

I can't find him anywhere!

This is bullshit!

"What's yer thinker friend got for us now?" I ask the fox.

"I'm asking him now." She says. Kicking her feet over the ledge of the roof.

A week and he's been out on five separate occasions. Each time I was either busy, or too far and out of costume to do anything.

I'm keeping myself calm. Not willing to screw this up a second time. I just need to be patient with the girl and play this by her rules. If that's what it gets to see Blue Hawk go down. It's a small price.

Besides with her there's no tellin how she might act towards me fuckin up again. That hat lady warned me of her unpredictable nature. And of the fact that she's a killer who's very good at hiding bodies.

"Okay, with his latest movements there's three area's of equal possibility." She finally says.

"But there's only two of us." I point out.

"Which is why we'll split up and hope for the best." She says simply. "Which do you want? Winslow, Central, or the South Imperial."

"Winslow and Central are pretty close to each other." I say. "You can take South Imperial while I take Winslow."

Her ears both turn to face me. And her head slowly follows as she gives me a wide eyed stare. Honestly creepy.

"Are you telling me what to do?" She asks slowly.

"Well I just." I try to defend.

"I don't mind, it's as good a plan as any." She says with a shrug. Her demeanor changing instantly. "Whelp, have fun."

In a blur she disappears. Well, not really disappears. I can see her move. Barely, but I can track her movements as she runs off. That is until she literally turns invisible.

"Okay, Winslow." I tell myself and head for the roof access.

I don't know why Kitsu insists on always meeting at places with ledges. Whether it be an overpass, a roof, or even a raised sidewalk.

It's inconvenient as all hell. For me at least. I can't fly, or be unharmed by the effects of gravity. So running and jumping off of roofs is a no go.

Well, I don't think I'm immune to the effects of gravity. But you can understand if that's not something I'm all too eager to test.

"I look fuckin ridiculous." I say to myself as I hurry down the stairs.

I still haven't figured that out either. Stairs. When I run, I move so fast that I'll just launch myself off the stairs and into the wall if I try. So it's speed stepping for me.

As I finally make my way down the steps. I walk out the apartment. And then run north to Winslow.

The school district by the slums. Mostly ABB territory. This place is as shitty as I remember it. If not more so.

I can't count how many brothers growin up joined the Merchants or got caught up in the life in some way. I'm lucky like that. Anytime I thought of just, letting go and popping by a rave. I thought of Mama and how disappointed she'd be. Or about Nate. And how he'd have to live with his brother being a junkie.

Now, when I think of lil Nate. All I see is his urn.

I need to focus. Find that piece of shit. Put him in an urn. If there's enough left for that.

.

.

-Meanwhile, South Imperial District-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Never been here before.

What I'm seeing, is it's just an extension of the industrial districts.

And is steep in Empire territory. Now that I think about it. Most of the bay that isn't trafficked by tourists is Empire territory. Weird.

I do know, however, this is Stormfront's primary area of control. She's the other lieutenant of the Empire. And from what I know. There is no difference between her and her TV show counterpart. Aside from a cowl and domino mask to hide her identity. Hell, this version rocks a swastika on her belt buckle. Soooooo, thinking on it. This one's worse.

Then again it is Worm. Everything here is worse.

Though, not as much lately. I got a good family, Vicky not withstanding. A loving father, a, kind of? Loving mother. A roof over my head, a warm bed. An adorable bed buddy and girlfriend!

Life is good.

*Krcht*

"What the hell is the freak turned dyke doing in my territory." I here the obnoxious tone of the self righteous bitch.

"I just had to test fate." I sigh to myself as I turn to face the rapidly approaching nazi.

Turning just in time for her to stop a few yards from me, hovering mid air with her electricity. In all her black suited glory. Cape and cowl with her domino mask and all.

"I was just chasing a hawk." I say with mirth. "But it seems that I've followed it into a storm."

"Don't get cute with me." She sneers.

"I'm not getting cute." I say with a smile and bounce on my heals. "I'm already there."

*KRCCCCHHZHZHZT*

Aaaaaannd she zaps me.

Normally electricity hurts me. And I will say I flinched. But ever since Behemoth and my immunity to heat damage. Unless the electricity is attached to something solid. And physically bypasses my field. Like say when I stick a fork in an outlet.

Something I don't miss.

The electricity gets absorbed in the same way plasma and hard light does.

"Aaaaaaah!"

Doesn't mean I can't pretend and get free energy.

I fall to the ground in a pant. Hands and knees as I appear to be in pain.

If she actually grabbed me or threw something like an electrically charged pipe then I'd be in danger.

"Leave." She says. "Or I'll remind you why a fox stays on the ground."

"That's, the best, you could come up with?" I taunt through fake pants for breath.

*KRRRRZZCHZHZHZHZHZHT*

"AAAAREEEEIIIIGGHH!"

This might take a bit. But hey, free energy is free. Might as well see how far I can take this, before one of us gets bored.

It'll probably be me.

.

.

-Winslow District-

.

.

Reginald "A-Train" Franklin POV

.

"Next time, just don't." I tell the two kids who were dropping bricks off of a roof.

"No one got hurt." One of them mumbles.

"This time." I say. "If I was there, you'd have killed that lady."

"She'd be fine!" The other complains.

'This is going nowhere.' I realize.

"Okay, how 'bout a demonstration?" I say and toss my arms out.

I pick up one of the bricks they were dropping.

"Punch the roof." I say.

"Huh?" The first asks, giving me a look to say I'm a dumbass.

"Punch, the roof." I say. "Break it, break a piece off with your fist."

"We can't do that." The second says. "We'll hurt ourselves."

"Okay, punch each other." I say.

"Are you fucking stupid?" The first says.

"Cuss again and I'll get the cops." I say as I point to the kid. "Then you can explain to your parents what the hell yer doin up here."

That gets me a look of fear from the second boy, but not the first. The first just rolls their eyes.

"Okay, you won't punch the roof because you'll hurt yourself. You won't punch each other because that'll hurt." I say and hold the brick up, with the edge down.

It drops with a clack and leaves a chip in the concrete of the roof.

"If a brick from six feet can break a part of the roof, think about what it could do from sixty feet falling on someone's head." I tell them.

Looking at their expressions. I see this is going nowhere fast.

"Fuck it, callin the cops." I say and take out my phone.

"No!" The second shouts.

"Dude, he's bluffing." The first says.

.

.

-12 minutes later-

.

.

"You actually called the cops." The first one says as the officer makes his way to the roof. Eyes wide in disbelief and fear.

"Do I look like a liar?" I say with a raised brow as the second kid starts freaking out.

.

.

"Alright, we'll just call their parents." The officer says. "Give'em a scare and what not."

"That's alright." I say as I look to the kid flipping me off from the backseat of the cops car. "So long as they don't do it again."

"If you don't mind me asking. Who are you?" The officer, Wilkins, asks. "You look like a cape, but I haven't heard of you."

"I am, I'm new." I say with a bit of pride. "Name's A-Train."

"Like the, actual train?" He asks.

"Kinda?" I say. "I move fast and it sounds cool."

"Right." The officer drawls out with a slow nod. "Well, if I were you I'd register with the PRT. Don't want them mistaking you for a Merchant."

'Why Merchant specifically?' I think to myself, then realize I'm not Asian or White.

"I'm actually lookin to join New Wave." I tell him. "Just, trying to impress their S-Class."

"New Wave? You know they're a movement, not a club. Right?" He says with a raised brow.

"Um, what's the difference?" I ask numbly.

"Anyone can join a movement." He says. "You don't need to sign up or anything. Just, promote their beliefs."

I go into my nothing box for a few seconds at that information. Just processing.

"Well officer you have a good day." I say cheerfully. "I have some things I need to do."

I then run off. And think about how I've approached everything.

If I can just, say I'm apart of New Wave. Then this whole song and dance of collaborating with their fox is unnecessary.

But I need to join the Brockton Bay branch. That's the Dallon's and the Pelham's.

How am-

I stop dead as I see him. Blue and black stylized riot gear and a blacked out face shield. My fast beating heart pounds at the sight of him.

Holding a young black girl up against the bricks by her neck. Her face already bruised and bloodied.

I don't think. I can't think. I just, move. Shoulder checking him as I shove him away from the girl. Watching him stumble as he rolls to his feet.

"Call the cops." I tell the girl as I slow to walk past her.

"Pfft." Blue Hawk spits a bit of gravel out of his mouth. "Fuck is this? New villain in town?"

I rush forward and bring a fist to hook him in the gut. Stopping dead in front of him as he heaves over my fist. Without giving him time to recover. I bring my fist back and repeat the motion. Only this time I don't stop, I keep going and raise him up before slamming him into the sidewalk. Watching in satisfaction as he bounces.

"Aaagh." He groans.

"Only villain I see here is you." I say as I step to him.

"Funny, coming from the guy who just attacked me out of nowhere." He says as he gets up.

"Nowhere?" I ask in incredulously. "So what you were, how you, that, RRRGH!"

I can't even form sentences. Every second here is pissing me off. Every excuse this profiling piece of shit says. Everything!

"Of course, can't even talk like a civilized person." He says as he takes out his nightstick. "This is why you don't put monkeys in suits. You can train'em. But eventually they'll-"

.

.

-Meanwhile, South Imperial District-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

*Rrrrrm*

And that's my phone. Deciding I'm done here I turn invisible and run away. It's always good to keep some cards hidden. And making it seem like Stormfront can hurt me and potentially beat me will only make it that much more satisfying when I work my way up to her.

I run past the many buildings and job sites as I get away from her. Just in time to answer my phone before it goes to voicemail.

"Go for Kitsu!" I say cheerfully as I hold the phone in front of me.

"There's a report on Blue Hawk being at Kings street. Ten blocks south of Winslow high school." I hear Carlos say.

"Bout time!" I say.

"Also, be warned, there's apparently another cape there. Highspeed mover in blue."

'God, damnit!' I curse the world.

"I'll be there as quick as I can." I say and hang up.

.

.

-Back to Winslow District-

.

.

Reginald "A-Train" Franklin POV

.

I don't let him finish as I rush forward. He takes his nightstick and raises it, but I'm faster. I catch it and try to yank it from his hand. But his grip is too good. So I settle for pushing it back. And instead I bring a fist to his face shield.

*Crack*

I punch again, and again. Eventually he kicks me back. Returning to reality, I see his face shield is barely cracked as he stumbles back. And my hand burns.

Looking down I see it's bruised and bloodied. And likely broken.

I ignore it. I can get it healed later.

Running forward I grab his neck.

"Get you-"

"SHUT THE FUCK UP!" I say and spin myself at high speed, launching him into the brick wall.

He slams into it with a hard thud. The wind knocked out of his lungs as he hacks.

Marching up to him, I grab the back of his collar and yank him back. Flipping him onto his back as I put a foot to his neck.

I take off my shades.

"I want you to know, exactly who ends you." I say and press down.

"Is that supposed to mean something?" He gasps as he grabs my ankle, referencing me taking my shades off. "You just look like every other thug I deal with."

I pick my foot up and stomp his face. Hearing a satisfying crunch. And he's soon crying out in pain.

I should've put my speed behind it.

As I stand over him and watch him roll over. Holding his face and his broken visor. I put a powered kick to his face to throw him over and back onto his back.

"YOU KILLED!" I rage out. "MY, BROTHER!"

"Aah, I ptid a serfice." He says through blood and broken teeth. "Ipf he'sh re'ated to you, I shaved dis country, prom anodder criminal."

I can't take this anymore. Rush to him, my knee on his chest. His collar in my hand as I raise him up. And taking my bruised hand. I start punching his exposed face.

He fights back, clawing and squeezing my arm. But I don't let up. I don't let him think. As I keep going. My fist a blur as he cracks my forearm. At this point it's a war of attrition. Am I fast enough to break him before his strength breaks me. Either way it doesn't matter.

I'm making sure this fuckers funeral is closed casket.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

(Good Ending) Kitsu and Missy's relationship dynamic.

.

Missy: No longer infatuated with Kitsu, she truly loves her. From her silly rants and goofy pranks. To the way she teases her and pampers her on a near daily basis. Missy is still professional and reserved in public. And tends to keep PDA to a pg-13 level while in public. Missy is career focused and hardworking. Taking the stereotypical 'Breadwinner' personality role. Even though Kitsu makes more money than her. Missy doesn't want to rely on Kitsu for everything. Ever since they were both sixteen and she found Kitsu in the middle of her heat cycle (Which she truly did in fact forget about in her excitement at getting emancipated) They've enjoyed a healthy and active sexual relationship. Behind closed doors Missy is explicit and assertive. Not in a sense that she is a nymphomaniac or extremely provocative. But more in a way that she just simply enjoys being intimate with Kitsu. From cuddling and talking, to teasing, and fondling. Missy is the serious one, keeping Kitsu's antics in check and acting as a soundboard for Kitsu to vent towards. For Missy, everyday with Kitsu is a new adventure.

Love language: Talk and Touch: Missy is a more reserved girl. And sees the act of touching another as an act of intimacy, hugs and such are to express love. Rather, she expresses herself best through words of affection. Something Kitsu is weak to.

Things she likes about Kitsu: Her spontaneous nature. Her goofy personality. Her pampering. Her creativity. How talented she is. Her laugh. Her carefree take on life's problems. Her eyes. Her teeth, both in regards to her smile and how they feel when making out. Her tail and ears and the way the convey her emotions. How plump and "Squeezable" her butt is. Her many outfits.

Things she dislikes about Kitsu: Her tendency to befriend villains. Her disregard for rules when she knows she can get away with breaking them. Her teasing in public. How popular she's gotten, making any dates difficult.

Favorite Memory: Kitsu's second heat they spent together.

Least Favorite Memory: When Mrs. Dallon sat her down chewed her out over breaking in during Kitsu's heat cycle.

NSFW

Favorite position: Sitting cowgirl, sexy cuddle.

Aftercare preference: Coddling and grooming Kitsu, sometimes leading to a make out session or another round.

Favorite overall NSFW thing: Kitsu is a very vocal partner.

.

Kitsu: Kitsu has grown to truly love Missy. What started out as "I'll go out with you because I don't have a reason to say no and don't want to hurt your feelings." Has evolved into. "I will take care of you and give you everything so long as you promise to never leave me." Kitsu is the outgoing one. With her many jobs, all allowing her to set her own schedule, she brings in six figures a month. And uses this money to fund New Wave as well as "Take care of her baby." Aside from that, ten percent of all money she earns goes to charities and fundraisers. Simply because she doesn't believe in hoarding money without purpose. Kitsu enjoys teasing Missy. Especially in public where she won't do anything, and instead will save it up for when in private where she knows Missy will retaliate on her provocations. Kitsu is the real breadwinner, but doesn't act like it. Missy's patient and logical nature compliments her energetic and chaotic nature perfectly. Able to both keep up with her and put up with her. For Kitsu, Missy is just perfect in everyway and she wishes to cherish as much time with her as she can. Whether it be going on walks through the woods, coffee dates, shopping, morning talks or simply cuddling the day away. Kitsu still falls apart when Missy sweet talks her.

Love language: Touch and Act. Kitsu is a very animated person. And prefers to show others how she feels rather than tell. From surprise gifts to hugs. She sees touch as an expression of affection. And gifts as an expression of appreciation. With acts as expressions of devotion.

Things she likes about Missy: Her calming attitude. Professional demeanor. Assertive behavior. They way she'll sweet talk her. They way she'll fall apart at public displays of affection. The way she'll retaliate at private displays of affection. Her strong willpower. Her ambition and drive. Her height. Eyes. Lips. Abs. Legs. The way she knows just where to touch on her. Her dominant behavior in bed.

Things she dislikes about Missy: Her reluctance to let Kitsu take care of everything for her.

Favorite Memory: Their Ferry rooftop date where Missy proposed.

Least Favorite Memory: When she tried to surprise Missy with sexy underwear and get her reaction on camera, only for Amy to walk in instead of Missy because she was closer and heard Kitsu call for help first.

NSFW

Favorite position: Doggystyle, standing cowgirl.

Aftercare preference: Being coddled and groomed as they discuss their day to each other.

Favorite overall NSFW thing: Whenever Missy gets rough.

.

.

.

.

A/N

At this point you guys should know that anytime Scarecrow's on screen it's getting dark. So far we've seen him, 1 leave Skidmark to die so he could assume control of the Merchants, 2 criticize Mechanic for not using deadlier gases, 3 experiment lethal weapons on a teen, 4 vent his rage on an unrelated party, and now this shit with Maureen.

.

For the speech of the Case 53 in the Orinoco basin, the official languages of the region are French, Spanish, Portuguese, and a few others.

But those are for major cities. The tribes and villages in the rainforest speak a mixture of what is known as the Guajiboan languages.

OF WHICH THERE IS NO OFFICIAL TRANSLATIONS FOR!

So I used the Wiki's knowledge of the proto-language gathered in 1972.

I apologize to any of Orinoco origin for butchering your language.

a-béhe: Bad

pébĩ: Man

xá-ni: I

.

Tupian language:

Potira: Flower.

Iara: Water lady.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

Grimnosh: Are there any characters that you considered adding to the story but "flipped" and Kitsu initially mistakes them for their original character (as an example a Heroic Marvel Beetle or a Villainous DC Hawkgirl)? Mind that they do not need to have a goatee when first encountered.

Newb: No, not really. Aside from A-Train.

RadChaos897: Speaking of again, when Mouse Protector, Newb? Ever since that skeleton guy showed up I've been addicted to puns and I need my fix! Also because she's my favorite character.

Newb: I've only read up to Worm book 17. So I didn't really plan for her to be in this fic. Considering I didn't know she was a thing.

RadChaos897: Since you've been adding characters from comics, anime, and TV shows, are you also willing to add characters from games and movies? No one specific, I'm just confirming on whether or not you would.

Newb: I would. And if you go back. Mechanic describes the make and model of the car for Scarecrow.

If you were to google it, you'd see it's the Jeepers Creepers truck.

.

FOR [Conduit]!

Grimnosh: If Kitsu killed the Butcher would it jump to you or to the nearest other parahuman as you are not part of the Eden/Warrior hubs and it wouldn't have your access codes to take over?

[Conduit]: [Correction: This Unit Is Connected To The Hub] [Response: Opposing Shard Would Be Cannibalized]

Newb: To translate and elaborate. [Conduit] wound not let that shit fly. One, connecting to [Conduit] runs a high risk of exposing it. Two, [Conduit] cherishes Kitsu in the same way [Queen Administrator] cherishes Taylor. [Conduit] would disassemble and consume The Butchers shard at nearly all costs to protect itself and Kitsu.

RadChaos897: Now that I think about it, what exactly are the Endbringers made out of? According to canon sources, mainly Blasto, Endbringers are made of a type of crystalline material. Is it the same type of crystalline flesh that Shards and Entities are made out of?

[Conduit]: [Response; Crystalline Multi-Hexagonal Layering For Core; Body; Variable]

Newb: The cores are made of the same thing the shards are made of. It's why they're so dense. As for the rest of their body, Simurgh is extremely fragile and is why it moves objects to take hits or reconfigures itself to avoid damage. Leviathan is flesh and blood, just very dense flesh and blood. Behemoth is mostly obsidian and hardened impure ores.

RadChaos897: Did [Wanderer] have its own [Siege Engines]? Do all Entities have [Siege Engines] or are they exclusive to Warrior & Thinker?

[Conduit]: [Response; Incomplete; [Wanderer] Contained Three Self Defense Mechanisms]

Newb: [Conduit] can't speak for all entities. But the [Wanderer] does have defenses.

RadChaos897: Hopefully this won't be a spoiler, but I gotta ask. Can't you use [Negentropy] to empower yourself into some kind of Super Shard?

[Conduit]: [Answer; Yes] [Addendum; No]

Newb: [Conduit] could do that. But doing so would light a beacon to it across the whole of Scion's network. Exposing [Conduit] and putting on a timer until Scion finds it. So if they did. It would only do so as very last ditch effort.

.

FOR KITSU!

Grimnosh: What are your thoughts on Digimon?

Kitsu: Digimon~ Digimon~ Digimon are the champions!

Grimnosh: Is there anyplace you wanted to go to but have not yet and why, even if it was just to troll someone like one of the Triumphate like painting "Home of Mr Foot" on the Welcome to New York sign.

Kitsu: Ever since I became immune to heat I've always wanted to jump in a volcano.

RadChaos897: Ever think about making an actual Cuddlebug? Missy keeps saying how you're her "little cuddlebug" and that got me thinking on how you could use your biokinesis to make an actual cuddlebug. I'm thinking of the Pokemon Venonat, but even more fluffy and has an instinctive urge to hug and cuddle. Something to think about.

Kitsu: No! I'm not going to be upstaged and have my role as Missy's snuggle bug stolen! I refuse!

RadChaos897: Ever thought about dressing up as Harley Quinn and calling Missy your Puddin'? I'm sure she'll get a real kick out of that. You could even use the dress up bit as an excuse to bother- I mean visit Parian for another costume set of Harley Quinn outfits.

Kitsu: Maybe~

RadChaos897: Speaking of Batman, how is DC comics doing in the Worm universe? If it even exists at least. I wouldn't be surprised if your creator decided to add more DC characters into your world, let's just hope she doesn't add someone like The Detachable Kid aka Arm-Fall-Off-Boy as a one off joke villain. Him or Squirrel Girl, god help you if she makes an appearance. I'd imagine her and Mouse Protector would get along, since they are both rodents of justice.

Kitsu: There is DC Comics here. It's just, not popular and has a lot less heroes. The novelty of super powered people loses its charm when actual super powered people are everywhere.

.

FOR Kitsu Dallon. Next one is the last.

(Good Ending) FUTURE KITSU DALLON!

Grimnosh: Speaking of the ABB are they still a thing or were they taken out by someone? Or is Lung willing to help cater your wedding?

Kitsu Dallon: Well, the ABB kinda split up after twenty eleven. Creative differences and all that. Lung and Oni Lee are married in Mexico now. Bakuda is a he and working part time as a barista in New York. And Rex is a male stripper at the muffin tops strip club.

RadChaos897: Is pizza still your favorite food?

Kitsu Dallon: Of course, why wouldn't it be?

RadChaos897: Now that you've become more physically mature, have you been able to wear more kinds of outfits? Any costumes you couldn't wear when you were small that you can wear now? Any favorites? Does Missy have any favorite outfits/costumes that she likes to see you wear?

Kitsu Dallon: Quite a few actually. I like my Neptunia Vert dresses for formal events. My Flannery outfit really shows off my bust. And Missy likes that. But it's not her favorite. I like my Noire dress, which I almost never wear due to how short the skirt is. As for Missy's favorites? Well, anytime I wear the Arezu, Skyla, British Cammie, or Mizore outfits, they never stay on long.

Anything that shows off my butt really.

There was even one time I was wearing the Mizore outfit and Missy just stared at me and.

"Really?" She asks as she walks in and sets her bags down.

"What?" I ask from the couch as I'm playing a video game.

"This is what I come home to?" She says seriously as she starts walking to me.

"What? Baby what'd I do?" I ask in genuine concern. "What's wrong!?"

"I wake up. Go to school, come home, go to work, and come home to you. Just sitting here dressed like that." She says as she puts her hands under my armpits to lift me up.

"Eep!" I squeak, panicking internally over what I might or might not have done. "If it's about the dishes not being done I can do them real qui-mmph!" She cuts me off with a kiss.

"You know, what that outfit does to me." She says as she kisses me. Running her hands to my ass as she turns to sit on the couch with me in her lap. Starting an intense make out/groping session as I lose my match.

Kitsu Dallon: Keep in mind I just condensed a five minute interaction into thirty seconds.

And it went a lot farther than just kissing. Needless to say Missy is aggressive and I'm submissive in the bedroom. But that's fine, I like it that way. She's all shy and professional in public. But the moment doors close she's ready to slam me up against a wall, rip my clothes off and leave me a mess! And she has the strength to do it!

It's, really hot.

Newb: Overshare much?

Kitsu Dallon: Nope! Not like I went into detail. Besides, I have nothing to be ashamed of. I have a sexy Missy and I'm proud of it! With muscles that make you go Dayum! And legs for days!

Newb: •_•

Okay then.

Kitsu Dallon: Next chapter is my last appearance. Ask me spicy questions! ;)

Newb: What have you done?!

.

LIMITED TIME ONLY!

(Good Ending) FUTURE MISSY BIRON!

T4ndoris: Are you planning to adopt a kid in the future with Kitsu?

Missy Biron: No, why do people keep asking that? We're not having kids now, and there are no plans to have kids in the future.

T4ndoris: Has your relationship with your parents improved?

Missy Biron: Depends on what you mean by improve. I think they have. Seeing as I have a court order against my mother to never reach out to me.

My last straw was when I learned my mom was using my sexuality as a way to one up other parents. At that point I publicly cut ties with her when she brought me to her book club.

What happened is she asked me to come with her to talk about being in the LGBT, because no one else there had a kid that wasn't straight. This was after my emancipation.

Well, I said yes. Two weeks later I show up in my best dress. Kitsu designed of course. Hair all neatly done. And when she introduces me. I tell everyone how self centered she is, and how I'm so done with her that I'm emancipated at sixteen after applying for emancipation for two years. And then hand my mother the papers letting her know that I no longer desire any first party contact with her and that I've formally disowned her with her entire book club as witness.

I then tell them how she's been sleeping with my uncle ever since my dad was diagnosed with cancer eight years ago prior.

One of my best memories.

Needless to say she got kicked out of her little club and hasn't tried to contact me since.

My dad? I just can't stand him. And once I stopped taking the initiative to talk to him he stopped talking to me. So, yeah.

T4ndoris: Any fun anecdotes from living with Kitsu?

Missy Biron: We don't live together. But we do spend a lot of time together and she has slept over more than a few times. So I have a few. There was the time I walked in on her going to the bathroom and I learned she sits backwards on the toilet because of her tail.

Every other day I wake up to her making me breakfast. Usually I hug her from behind while she cooks and we discuss our plans for the day. After which I go to school and then either work or come home. When I work we'll have a date at least twice a month on patrol. When I come home she'll either greet me or send me a text letting me know she loves me.

There's the one time we were watching TV. She fell asleep on me and in her sleep she said. "You're, really hot. But, you'd need to ask Missy. She owns me."

I laughed so hard she woke up. And doesn't even remember what she was dreaming about

I used her soap that one time. No one told me it wasn't meant for humans.

In two hours, in the middle of school, I broke out in painful hives, E!

I was rushed to the hospital and Kitsu had to embarrassingly explain that for her tail she uses a specific kind of soap from an exotic pet store. And that it's meant to be rinsed off with the rinser.

She can't handle alcohol. At all. A single shot and she's a ditzy, laughing mess. And it's a coin toss on whether or not she'll be frisky and trying to get my clothes off me or just all lovey and trying to drunkenly pamper me.

Even if we're in public.

She loves teasing me. From silly pickup lines in public to wearing clothes that hug her beautifully and doing stretches in them around my apartment.

There will be times when we're doing, well, anything. And Kitsu will just take my hand and put it on her head for scratches. The best part about this is that if I don't, and just remove my hand. She'll escalate her attempts to get my attention.

One time I decided to see how far I could push this, she went from putting my hand on her head. To sitting in my lap. To undressing. To, well, she went far. All to get my attention and get her scratches.

Aside from all that, I will say Kitsu is the kind of person to hear you complain about something. Then do something about it. Without, ever telling you.

I complain about my mattress? Next day I have a new mattress. I complain about my coffee tasting weird. Now I have a Keurig.

I will say it's fun sometimes. I'll be in my bed and say I'm cold. And well.

"I'm cold." I say softly as I try and bundle the blankets tighter.

I hear the bounding little pats of Kitsu running across the small apartment. Before running into my bedroom and climbing up behind me. She wordlessly unbundles the blanket from behind me and crawls underneath.

"Hmm?" I ask as I turn my head to her.

"No, you're not allowed to be cold." She says and hugs me from behind. Moving her large tail under the blanket. Draping it over and dropping it in front of me so I can hold it as she crosses a leg over mine. Pressing as much of herself into me she can.

I grab and hold her tail to me. Enjoying its fluffy warmth that's better than any blanket.

I'm not cold. I just wanted cuddles. And saying I'm cold is how I get her to be the big spoon.

She'll run in there and snuggle with me. Draping her large, soft, warm tail over us and even activate her fur for extra warmth. Despite her not liking it, she'll do it because I like it. And she wants me to be happy.

And anytime I ask her about she just says, "Just taking care of my baby~" or "I'm just doing my wifely duties for my wifey!"

I love her so much.

Grimnosh: What are your wedding plans.

Missy Dallon: A wedding in April, right before her estrus ;) The wedding itself will be a three day event. One big, extravagant wedding for the public. And the other two days will be a smaller more private event for friends and family. Tony's handling security and catering.

Honeymoon in Brazil. Bla- oops! Spoilers. We have a friend there who's willing to treat us. He already built us a house to use for the week.

Then a trip to New Zealand. The Maori population regard Kitsu as a spiritual figure after she played a prank during a tour and jumped into an active volcano. She was fine of course. But she scared the shit out of the entire tour. Guide included.

They call her Tapu Tamahine Mahuika.

It's a long story. And has been the source of a few scandals. Especially after some of the New Zealanders took issue with Kitsu. Even though she never claimed to be a holy figure.

Anyway they tried to kill her, several times, nearly caused a civil war. I knew nothing about this when I went to pick her up at the end of the month. They attacked me and Kitsu stopped playing peacekeeper and, turns out her getting angry and going on a rampage is what convince most of those who had issue that she is a spiritual being.

And now they treat her as a sort of demigod.

Jenny's already agreed to babysit Skippy. She's one of the only ones who can.

RadChaos897: In Canon you had a good working relationship with Narwhal, is that still true?

Missy Biron: The only Narwhal I know personally is Mr. Star the fifth.

In all seriousness Narwhal is a great coworker for patrols and out of city hero work.

RadChaos897: How strong is your warping power now?

Missy Biron: Powers never really get stronger, the users just find more creative and versatile ways of applying them.

That being said I am now rated a shaker eleven.

RadChaos897: Have you ever marketed your spacial warping for deliveries or some such?

Missy Biron: I can barely stand the general populace as is. Putting myself into the service industry? Fuck no.

I have delivered packages and transported people as favors though.

RadChaos897: Have you used your power to tour the world?

Missy Biron: A few times. Kitsu gave me the idea of warping space to where I squish the sky to be right in front of me, then bend it. Look down and there the world is. One step forward and I'd be freefalling to Arkansas. Of course I'd just squish that space so I'd be right there.

When I figured out how to do that. I learned why Kitsu fears my power.

RadChaos897: What have been some of your favorite/impressive feats that you've done over the years?

Missy Biron: I'm not Kitsu so I'll just say no spoilers.

RadChaos897: What are some romantic things you've done with your powers?

Missy Biron: Ever had a date in Rome, Venice, Honolulu, and Paris is the same day? I have. No travel expenses.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.
Find me in newb's-grotto at the discord! I post art of the characters and hold polls!

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, macdjord, Finsdale and 148 others
Newb to the game
May 28, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 42 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jun 2, 2024
Add bookmark
#354
A/N Open season Pt. 6

Alt title: Against the wall

.

I might do lemons on AO3 or QQ. Depends if you guys want that or not.

.


-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Saturday, May 29th, Winslow District, 4:30pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I finally get to Kings street, where a decent crowd of people are all gathered. All cheering and roaring.

"Well, easy find is easy." I say to myself as in spot what is most likely my target.

I'm still invisible as I rush over and jump up. Landing on a streetlamp above the small crowd as I peer down.

'Eugh.' I mentally gag at the sight everyone is cheering at.

A-Train is absolutely rabid. His fist a blur as it hammers into Blue Hawks face. Enhancing my perception I grimace at the sight. Seeing it more clearly now. Blue Hawk's nose is missing, his face caved inwards. And I wouldn't be surprised to find it's easier to count how many teeth he has left than it is to count how many he lost.

He's still alive. Squeezing A-Trains arm with a vengeance. And by the misshapen appearance I can tell his forearm is being crushed under Blue Hawks grip. Any longer and his arm might just pop off.

I decide this is enough. Any more and A-Train'll kill him.

I hop off the streetlamp and come down to land beside A-Train. Undoing my invisibility, I tap him on the shoulder as the crowd stops their cheering at my appearance.

He doesn't respond as I put up a hexagonal wall to keep the blood off my clothes. I've been working with Eric to get my shields better. Patterning them with a crystalline structure to make them more durable. But that's besides the point.

I decide to stop waiting and give a powered shove to A-Train. Pushing him off Blue Hawk and earning the ire of the crowd.

"The fuck you do that for!?"

"Get lost New Wave!"

"This ain't got nothing to do with you!"

"Swallow a bomb!"

And other such words of disappointment and disparage.

"Ptuh." Blue Hawk spits up some blood as he rolls over. "Tanksh kid, new dere wash shome good left-"

"Sit down." I say and push him back down as I step over him. Enhancing my perception and using my biokinesis to paralyze him.

He falls back down, limp and unresponsive. Much to the further confusion of the crowd.

I walk over to A-Train, now without his glasses and bloodied to all hell. His right hand is a mangled mess. His forearm bruised and purple, and curving in an unnatural way. Blood splattered all over him.

"Why'd you stop me?" He ask through pants. "Why!?"

"Because I need him alive?" I say plainly as I fold my arms. "And you killing him would get you arrested?"

"It ain't nothing that he don't deserve!" I he shouts.

"Yeah!"

"That's right!"

"Tell'er!"

"Use his ribs like a xylophone!"

I'm just hung up on the use of double negatives. And I'm busy counting them in my head.

"Okay, one, right here. Not across the street" I reprimand. "No need to yell. Second, just let him rot in the birdcage. Racists don't last long in there."

It's true. You've got violent villains of all races in there. Being racist is a fast track to death. Or worse.

"It's still better than he deserves." A-Train says.

I can see this is going nowhere. And with how riled up the crowd is getting. I can see a full blown riot happening if I'm not careful here.

"Hmm, okay." I say with a shrug.

"What?" He stops, suddenly confused.

"You say he deserves worse. I say he, okay he does but I can't let that happen." I respond as I go over and un paralyze him from the head up. He's still face down.

"Aaah!" He suddenly shouts. "You backshtabbing ptraiptorous, ptechnicobored wainbow shnowfwake!" he immediately goes off.

"Look, you heard everything. So here's how this is gonna go." I say as I'm squatted before him. "Old fashion 'Merica style. A vote!"

"De fuck!?"

*Shatter*

I drop a glass platform over his head hard enough to shatter it.

"Language." I say as I stand up. "Anyway, plead your case peasant! I say you should suffer behind bars! He says you should, die? I guess?"

"The fuck is all this?" A-Train asks.

"Language! Jeez." I say as I turn to him. "It's a vote! And here's the jury!" I say, throwing my arms out to the crowd.

After everyone gets the idea. I think they do at least. I lean down to whisper in Blue Hawks ear.

"The cops will be here in about ten minutes. You have that long to stall. Don't make me regret this and play along. Don't even know why I should protect you." I say and rise up. "Okay! Bloody boy blue here will convince all of you just why he should live."

"What?" A-Train says in confusion.

"Hey, big bird!" I say to the guy and kick his ribs. "Why should you live?"

"Arb you serbioushly ptoing dis?" He asks.

"Yes." I say. "Now, your defense?"

"I downt neeb a debensh!" He shouts. "I'm da hewo!"

"The fuck you are!"

"A menace to the community!"

"Rot in hell!"

"If I had a nightstick I wrap it in sandpaper and shove it up your ass!"

"OKAY!" I say after hearing that one. "Calm down people!"

"Psht, canp cawm dem." Blue Hawk says. "Eben in da fashe ov da law day camt behabe."

"Okay, you are not doing yourself any favors." I say.

*Weeeeewoooooo*

And I hear the cops. Which means they're still a few minutes out. Just need to keep this calm for a few minutes.

"You know what." I say. "Fine. A-Train, I won't stop you. But the moment he stops breathing I'll arrest you."

"Why're you defending him!?"

"Yeah!"

"He needs to pay!"

"Cut off his nipples!"

"Okay, you need to chill!" I say and point to the guy pulling the most out of pocket shit ever. "I'm doing this to protect You!" I say and point to A-Train.

The crowd doesn't calm.

"How!?"

I just point to the traffic camera above the stoplight at the end of the street. Not fifty feet away.

"Your glasses are off. There's a crowd. Everyone's seen you." I point out. "Your face is on camera!"

*Weewooweewoo*

And now the cops are here, just down the road.

.

.

After several more cops were called in to prevent a riot. One that I got so fed up trying to prevent I was about ready to say fuck it let'em die. And let the crowd go after Blue Hawk. I gave him back his motor functions. But I my biokinesis and crushed his Corona Gemma, seamlessly, and just gave him enhanced muscle fibers. He's not a parahuman anymore. Just a guy whose stronger than he has any right to be. But not superhuman.

"Hey um. MM, can I talk to you real quick?" I ask, pulling her away from the cops.

"Hmm, sure thing, what is it?" She asks.

"When I was paralyzing him. I noticed something, weird, about his brain." I tell her, feigning confusion.

"Weird, how?" She asks tentatively.

"Well, every parahuman I've paralyzed has this extra brain part." I say. "I didn't see that in him."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean that the brain part that every cape and some people have, he doesn't have." I point out.

"That doesn't make sense." She says. "I've seen footage of him tossing people like rag dolls."

"He did have weirdly pack muscle fibers." I say. "Could that explain it?"

"I'm not sure, I, you better not be lying about this or playing a joke. If he's not a parahuman then that complicates a lot."

"Give'em an MRI if you don't believe me. I'm just telling what I saw, and what I saw says he isn't super human." I say and walk off.

Blue Hawk will likely get sent to a regular prison. His identity exposed and he'll be cut from the Empire. They can't risk resources busting out a normal person after all. And they'll likely ostracize him for lying about being a cape.

A-Train said he deserved worse. And I agree. He'll never see the light of day, and he'll forever be exposed as a nazi famous for attacking the black community.

Assuming he lives that long in prison anyway.

.

.

Reginald "A-Train" Franklin POV

.

As I watch the man who killed my brother get carted off in cuffs. Still bloody and bruised. I can't help but think on everything that happened.

I should be happy. I should feel a sense of accomplishment. But, I don't. Instead I still feel a cold anger and this sense of, loss. Only now, now there's no target. Nothing it's directed at. It's just, there.

"Alright well. Later, I'm going to bed." Kitsu says as she walks up to me.

And proceeds to wipe the blood on her hands off on my suit!

"Hey aey aey!" I say as I back up. "The suit! How am I gonna explain this to my mama?!"

"Um, you can just use the excuse you were gonna use for the rest of the blood on you?" She says and proceeds to wipe-

'Rest of it?' I think and look down.

"Oh." I say numbly.

I'm, caked, in blood. Splatters all over my suit, arms, and especially my hands.

"Aaaah!" I suddenly scream. My hands now burning.

"Oof, adrenaline wear off?" She says calmly as she finishes rubbing her hands clean on my shirt. "Yeah, that's gotta suck."

"Haaaa, haaa, haaaaaaaaa." I breathe out as I cradle my broken, bruised, noodle of a hand.

"I'd help with that, but hands are tricky. So many moving delicate parts." She says with a shrug. " I mean, I can try if you want."

"Please?" I whine.

"Alright." She says and grabs my wrist.

*Snap*

"Ah!" I gasp as I feel everything spread out.

*Crack*

"HaAaAaA!" I cry as it all moves around.

*Pop*

"Rmmmhmhmhmhmmm!" I bite my lip. Feeling it all pop and seal itself together.

As she finishes and lets go of my wrist. I bring it back up and flex it. Feeling out the soreness of my now stiff wrist.

"Well, thanks kid." I tell her. "I'll, see you around. Thanks for keeping me from killing him. Don't think I'd be able to come back from that if you didn't stop me."

"Hmm? Oh, yeah." She says calmly. "See ya later."

I give her nod before running off. My identity may very well be exposed and I'll lose my track and field scholarship. But at least I'm not getting a murder charge along with it.

I still need to join New Wave's Brockton Branch. But, I can do that later. They gave me a year, I have eleven months.

For now, I need to figure some shit out.

.

.

-Wednesday, June 2nd, 5pm, Boardwalk-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Another patrol with my Missy. And Chris, oh, Eric too. The Wards rarely do solo patrols with the exception of Chris and Vergil. And that's due to their versatility and ability to escape a high risk situation. Missy can too, but her age, cutesy appearance and (unofficial) role as mascot won't let that happen, PR wise.

Aside from that?

Nothing ever happens on the Boardwalk! Ever!

So, I decide to up the ante of our stroll down the Boardwalk. I grab Missy's arm and squish myself to her. Causing her to squeak and blush as I force her arm to my chest.

"Um, Kitsu, we're on patrol." Missy complains.

"So?" I say and flutter my eyelashes at her. "Don't you like having a cute girl on your arm?"

I nuzzle her shoulder for added effect. Enjoying the way she heats up and stutters at my teasing.

"Do you two, want a room or something?" Eric asks jokingly. "We can leave you be."

"Nah, we're good." I say and wrap my tail around Missy's side. Pulling her closer so that we're walking hip to hip. "I just needed to hold on to this. Can't risk her tripping and falling for someone else after all."

Missy whines adorably at that line. And I can see up from here that she's clenching her eyes tightly shut. And I can only imagine that if I wasn't holding her arm, she'd be trying to cover her face.

Let's see how far I can push this!

"Hey, Vista." I say.

"Hmm?" She squeaks.

"Can I borrow a kiss?" I say cheekily with a vulpine grin. "I promise I'll return it later."

"I, I, you, haaaa!" She cries as her face heats up more.

She then takes me and pushes me in front of her. Somehow slipping out of my hold as she holds me tightly from behind. Her arms across my chest as she buries her head in my hair and squeals.

"Damn." Eric says as he watches the display. "Where'd you get that level of game?"

"I'll never tell!" I say and wrap my tail around Missy's waist again. Curling it around to hold her tighter than before.

"I'm thinking we might really need to take notes." Chris says.

"Oh, Carlos told you about that?" I say as I rub my head into Missy's face.

"Oooohhh yeah." Chris says with a nod. "He told everyone about your breakfast date. Hell, it's on PHO."

"Hmm!?" Missy squeals into my hair.

"Yeah, this one account, OwlReader, caught it on video. 'Vista and Kitsu's relationship is everything in my life right now. Check this out!' or something along the lines." Eric confirms.

"Okay, how do you know about that, but didn't know about the internet shipping you and Pinky?" I point out.

"After you told me about that I started paying more attention to PHO and other social media's." He says with a shrug.

"Oh." I say simply. 'That makes sense.'

As Chris and Eric talk to each other, Missy hasn't let go of me.

"Are ya gonna give me back my body anytime soon?" I ask.

"No. You smell good and feel warm." She says quickly in a whiny tone.

"Oh?" I say cheekily. "You enjoying how I feel?"

"Mmmmrrrm!" She whines. "That's not what I meant!"

'Oh, you are just too adorable.' I think to myself.

"You know." I say and wiggle in place a bit. "You never did answer me on whether or not I can borrow a kiss from you~"

"Hey what's that!" Missy says suddenly as she looks up from my head and points past the guys. Surprising all of us.

As soon as they look. I find myself being warped and moved without moving. Now finding myself on a rooftop near its access door.

"Huh?" I say numbly, the sudden change in location throwing me off.

"Do you have any idea what you do to me?" Missy says as she starts squeezing me.

"Um, I have some idea." I say automatically, still processing the jarring change in locale.

"No you don't." She says and turns me around to face her blushing, pouty face. "First you have those beautiful eyes. That adorable face and those cute ears, then you have that amazing voice and you use it to tease and prod without knowing just how much you, you. Argh!"

She suddenly pushes me against the door of the roof. Mashing our lips together as she holds me tighter.

"Hrm?" I try and question. My heart pounding at the sudden tone change of, everything.

'Where is this coming from?!' I ask myself in a daze.

Her arms are holding me tight as she presses herself to me. Her hands against my lower back. She squeezes tighter and I give another squeak of surprise as she pull me against her. Followed right after by a moan as she doesn't let up.

Just as I'm about to hug her back.

"Vista! Where the hell are you?!" I hear Chris cry out over the communication device in her visor.

She separates from me with a blush. Though I'm certain mine is worse.

"I'm fine, just had to uh, powder my nose!" She says as she presses a button on the side of her visor.

I zone out as she talks into her visor. My heart pounding and blood rushing has momentarily turned off my brain.

"Where were we?" Missy says as she holds me again.

"Huh?" I say numbly as I snap from my inner thoughts of nothingness.

"Right, I was giving you those kisses you wanted to borrow." She says with a smile.

"Um, sh-shouldn't we go back?" I squeak.

"We're fine. I just told them I went off to find a bathroom." She says as she leans in. "Girls go together for safety and all that. So we have a few minutes."

"Um." I try and say something. "I-mmph."

Aaaand we're kissing again. I'd like to say it's an intense and hot make out session we're having. But really, it's just us holding each other as we kiss. Still awesome!

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

Oh god I'm in heaven!

Her tail is wagging like crazy and rocking us both. She's so soft and her lips are warm. I'm just enjoying the feeling of squeezing her tight against me. Her squeaks and moans lighting fires in me.

She's so unfair! Using cheap, cheesy pick up lines! Attacking me in public like that. With those captivating eyes and adorable smile with those cute little fangs. Well, two can play this game! She wants kisses, she can have them with interest!

As I press into her more. She gives another beautiful squeak as her tail starts twitching and wagging erratically.

I decide this is enough. I've pushed my luck as is. So I pull back.

"I expect you to return those kisses later." I say with a smirk and bring a hand up to scratch her ears splayed back ears.

"Mhm!" She squeaks, eyes wide and face tomato red.

"You are so cute like this." I say with a squeal and rub our foreheads together. "All flustered and blushing in my arms."

She smells like strawberries.

"Mmrrr." She whines harder, her tail twitching behind her.

"Aww, don't be upset." I say with a smile. "It's a good look for you."

That only gets her to blush harder as she presses her face into my chest plate.

'Not so fun when it's you is it?' I think victoriously.

"Come on, let's head back." I say and kiss her forehead.

"Um, I, actually do need to use the bathroom." She says in a high pitched squeak.

"Oh, um, meet you back by the jewelry store?" I say awkwardly.

She nods her head softly and I let go. Turning around to warp back to where we left the guys as I try to think up an excuse for Kitsu not coming back with me.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

The moment she's gone I collapse onto my knees.

"Haaaaaa." I let out a dazed and dizzy sound.

Partway through she had pulled us so close together that she put a knee between my legs. It didn't go that far! But we were basically playing footsies with our knees. And I don't even think she noticed.

And it, was, hot. The way she just, just grabbed me and took control? How I could just melt and let myself get lost in that moment? Looking back it probably didn't look like anything other than a long kiss as we held each other. But I can tell you, it felt like a lot more!

Having been apart of it. I now see how kissing can lead up to sex. That was just, intense. No wonder Vicky and Dean get it on so often. If just kissing can be that good. Or maybe it's just kissing someone you love?

Either way. If a week of teasing and pick up lines got me that! I don't think I'll ever stop! I need to look up more pick up lines! Get Missy to do that more often!

I think I just learned something new about myself.

.

.

Eric "Shielder" Pelham POV

.

"So yeah, she needed to head home." Missy explains. "She'll be back in a bit."

She just gave us a bogus story about how Kitsu tripped over her own tail and fell in the toilet. And had to go home and change.

It's not hard to tell she's lying. Not with how she's blushing and trying not to smile.

"Okay." I say and step aside. "Well, lead the way miss most experienced."

As she walks past, Chris walks next to me.

"So, who's gonna tell her she's got Kitsu's lipstick on her lips?" He asks.

"I say we wait a bit. Let someone else point it out."

.

.

-Meanwhile, The Rig-

.

.

Rachel "Bitch/Hellhound" Lindt POV

.

I'm looking at a guilty charge. Though, instead of numerous first degrees. Whatever that means. I'm getting a few excessive force charges as well as a few reckless endangerment charges.

That's what my lawyer told me anyway. Apparently there are different kinds of killing as far as the law is concerned. And I got off very easy. I'm going to a place called Asylum East. Where I'll get help for my issues. After that I'll be released. Or after two years. Whichever comes last.

Then I'm on a thing called probation for three years. It's basically what I did with Brian. Where he wanted me to tell him what I was planning and where I was going all the time. Only more of it.

"Lunch." The guard says as he enters my cell.

I go over and take the food from the slide. As I turn and place the food on the little desk they gave me. I hear a click.

Turning around I'm quickly grabbed by the man as he puts a hand to my mouth and holds my arms.

"Sorry for the rough and unusual treatment." He says as he takes me to the bed and sits me in his lap. "But I'm getting paid a lot to make this look like a suicide. And post mortem bruises that indicate a struggle ruin that."

As he says that he forces his hand into my mouth. I kick and try to bite his hand. But he's a lot stronger than me. And with the way he's got me grappled I can't throw my head back to break his nose.

He pulls my tongue out of my mouth. Pinching it painfully between his fingers. Before deftly sliding the hand under my jaw and forcing my teeth to clench my jaw in place. Tears in my eyes I try and scream for help. But with one swift movement, he rocks my head forward and back. Causing me to bite my tongue off.

"Mmmrrrr!" I try and thrash. But he's holding me too tight.

"Don't fight it." He says. "You can either drown in your own blood. Or wait five minutes to bleed out."

'Like hell I'm just going to accept this!' I think defiantly.

I swallow my blood to keep from choking and keep up my resistance. Fighting back and trying to move. But, before long. I get tired, and, and, it's hazy. I'm, getting cold even as I'm being tightly held by someone. I, can't breathe. His hand is pinching my nose.

As I drift asleep. I can't help but have one final thought.

'Figures, just when things were, about to, be better.'

.

.

Tony "Taskmaster" Masters POV

.

I tentatively let go of my targets arms. And bring the hand up to check her pulse.

…

…

…

Bump

…

…

…

…

Good, it's slowed to the point she won't wake up.

Had she not swallowed her own blood and held her breath. She'd have forced a clot and made my job harder.

I set her down, slumped against the bed as I get to work cleaning the room of what little evidence I left.

I have five more minutes. After that the security cams will switch back on. Right now they're playing a prerecorded false. Not a loop. Those are too easy to spot. If they're look for it of course. A prerecorded false is harder. But not for me. And it's far more secure.

Three minutes. I think as I finish up and step out. Re locking the door and walking out of the room. I speed walk. Knowing just where to be when the camera in the hall stops it's prerecorded footage.

I make it just in time. And now the camera in Bitch's cell will continue with it's own prerecorded footage of her now killing herself. With me already on my way out.

I hear a bunch of panicked shouts as I head to a bathroom. And several people pass me.

Another successful job.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Further future good ending

I know I said the last one was the final. But inspiration hit me. And these glimpses into possible futures are fun to write.

.

Non-Canon

.

-Spring of 2023, 8am-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Dallon POV

.

I wake up to the smell of breakfast. Which means my wife is already up and cooking.

So, stretching up, popping my back. I turn out of bed. Putting on my house slippers as I make my way out the room. Our room is carpeted with a special moss, soft and warm. Our bed is a queen size with bleeding wisteria growing around the frame. The walk in closet is untouched by Kitsu's creations. Mostly because it has all of our clothes, makeup, and jewelry. There's a vanity Kitsu got from her mom. Across our bed is a mounted flat screen. The walls are a pinkish purple. And there's our nightstands on either side of our bed. First drawer has a bunch of random stuff each of us use. The second drawer is the "special" drawer. Mine has Kitsu's collar and leash, among a few other things.

Our house is on the edge of the city. Gated and walled off for privacy. The yard is a few acres, and has all of Kitsu's creatures. They roam around, play, and mostly scare off paparazzi.

The house itself is a two story modern home. Five bedrooms, three bathrooms. A kitchen, dining room, living room, and family room downstairs. Three of the five bedrooms are upstairs and one is a mini office for me and Kitsu to use. Two are in the basement. The basement is a large area retrofitted to be Kitsu's game room. The garage is large enough to hold two cars while also being a storage room and work room. That's what the realtor said anyway. Instead we have it as Skippy's room seeing as neither of us drive.

I walk down the stairs, smelling the enticing scent of coffee and bacon. Turning the corner and down the hall. I come into the kitchen where Kitsu is there, cooking away.

I know she knows I'm here. Her legs are squished together giving her ass that heart shape I love. Her colorful blue leggings leaving nothing to the imagination. And her tail is hiked up as she sways her hips from side to side. Giving me the best view.

She knows I love that.

I walk up behind her and press myself against her. Resting my chin on her head, right between her ears as her tail moves down and back up to slid between my legs and come back up to rest against my back.

"Good Morning~" She says as I get comfortable.

"It is with you here." I say softly as I rest my arms over her shoulders.

"Mmn." She moans softly, moving her head to use my chin to scratch her ears. "I could say the same thing."

I stay here cuddling my wife from behind as she makes me breakfast.

"Hmmm, so what's on the menu today?" I ask as we start swaying.

"Pancakes, bacon, coffee." She says, her tail pressing into my back affectionately.

"Hmm, what about the cake?" I ask.

"What cake?"

I unwrap my arms from around her shoulders. Sliding my hands down her slides as her tail twitches, and coming to rest the on her plush rear, giving her a strong smack as I squeeze and knead her cheeks.

"Aaahn!~" She gives a surprised yelp/moan at the smack.

No one would ever guess the worlds strongest parahuman to be such a sub and masochist.

"This cake." I whisper into her now splayed back ears.

"O-oh, th-that cake." She says with a slight stutter. "It's too early for that, don't you think? Dessert is for after dinner."

"I can't help it if I have a sweet tooth." I say as I bring my hands up to rest on her hips. "And seeing something so sweet and juicy. How can I resist?"

She shivers at my words, still cooking as I knead her hips. Causing her to squeak and tremble with every squeeze.

"Missy." She says quickly. "Tomorrow."

"Okay." I say and stop. Bringing my arms up to wrap around her shoulders. "I can wait."

We stand here like this a bit longer. Her finishing breakfast as we sway and talk about our plans. We have none aside from staying home. I put in my yearly vacation for her heat every year, which also happens to be our anniversary week. And she takes a break from her jobs as well. Something we found out is that, occasionally, not often, her heat will start a day early, or last an extra day.

So our day is filled with a whole lot of nothing. Just enjoying each others company as I get ready for tomorrow. Mostly by teasing and riling Kitsu up as much as I can.

As soon as she's done cooking, I let go to go and sit at the island counter.

She sets the plate of pancakes and bacon in front of me, and sets her plate of pancakes next to me. Coming around to sit next to me and scoot our chairs together as we eat. I grab the remote and turn on the mounted TV across from us. We normally watch the news or some cartoons in the morning to start our day.

We actually have six or seven TV's in the house.

One in the kitchen, one in our room. One out on the patio, one in the living room, one in the family room. And a few downstairs. The poolhouse patio has a hot tub as well. Though it's mostly occupied by Tori. The fire tortoise Kitsu made. He lounges in the middle of the hot tub all day on a stone slab. He only comes out to eat, watermelons, oranges, fruits in general. He keeps the hot tub hot. Outside of eating, he's so still you'd never assume he's a living creature. Until you pet his head, at which point he'll give a soft "Aah" sound to let you know he likes it.

We have other creatures around the house like that.

"AAAAAAAAAHHH!" Kitsu and I suddenly hear.

"ROOOOOUUUURRR!" And that's Skippy.

Looking out the window above the sink. We see a guy running away from Skippy and a pack of Cyclizars. Paparazzi most likely.

Skippy is just scaring him. If he was really chasing him then there's no way the guy would have enough time to scream, let alone run. Skippy can bolt down a straightaway at an upwards of ninety miles per hour when he tries.

Oh, and his plumage is flared. Making him look bigger. That's the other clue. When Skippy is in attack mode. He rears up and flares his plumage. When he's in chase mode, he's on all fours and his plumage is folded down. When he's trying to scare someone he flares his plumage and runs at them on all fours. Stomping his feet as he runs.

The Cyclizars are just there. They probably think they're playing a game. They're incapable of harming others. Even when attacked, they either playfully smack back, thinking it a game, or they'll flee.

"I'll go deal with that before Skippy gives him a heart attack." Kitsu says.

"Hurry back." I say and give a quick kiss as she hops off the chair.

"Don't worry." She says as she leans up into me, nuzzling my shoulder. "This won't take long."

Technically speaking, with me being a PRT cape and this being my house. This is government property. It's the same as trespassing on the mayors house.

Oh, I publically unmasked at our wedding. So I can now freely love my snuggle bug in public.

And yes, I've had three attempts on my life. None succeeded, obviously. Kitsu made me nigh unkillable. With a thin carbon mesh under my skin, secondary organs, and a reactive metabolism. You'd have to cut off my head to kill me. And even then Kitsu could put me back together.

There was one guy who came close. And Kitsu, well, Kitsu's not allowed in South Africa anymore. It was a parahuman who wanted to test Kitsu's immortality. She wasn't willing to entertain him. So he attacked me at a zoo three days later. Cut my head off and was burning my body before Kitsu got there.

She knocked him out and refused to hand him over to authorities.

Then she made a bunch of scarab worms. And had them eat him alive from the inside out. They had a fast life cycle. Maturing, reproducing and dying all in an hour. So they would eat parts of him, reproduce, die. Hatch, some would die before they matured and the others would feed on them. Which only made it last longer as they were eating each other rather than him. After thirty minutes he was begging for death. Twelve hours later Kitsu killed all the bugs and let him leave alive. Without his eyes.

Kitsu is now a felon in South Africa. That, was a rough year. Though and Carol was ripping into her over it. Until Kitsu asked her what she'd do to someone who killed Vicky or Mark.

There haven't been any attempts since.

Her popularity and income took a nose dive after that. But, actually came back in a few months. She refused to apologize. She admitted she could've handled it better. But made it very clear to the public that she doesn't regret her actions.

When questioned she said.

"I pride myself on being real to the people and my audience. I'm not sorry, so I'm not going to say I am. Apology videos are for cowards and politicians. People who aren't sorry for what they did, just sorry they got caught. He literally killed my wife and set her body on fire. I'm not sorry."

After that her popularity spiked and she gained a new following.

While she deals with the paparazzi and Skippy I go ahead and do the dishes. Loading up the dishwasher and setting it to clean. I grab a cloth and wipe down the counters and stove.

Finished with that I head up stairs and get changed. Kitsu wears leggings and tight shirts around the house when no one else is here. Mostly because she knows I like it. Meanwhile I wear crop tops and jeans or tee's and skirts. Because that's what she likes.

Skirts are risky for me to wear around Kitsu when we're alone. In the same way leggings or anything form fitting is risky for her to wear around me. And I'm trying to tease her, not invite her. I can wear a skirt tomorrow.

So today I'm going crop top and jeans. Highlighting my b-cups and showing off my toned stomach. I'm not overly muscled or anything. I have more of a runners or yoga build. And Kitsu loves it. Says I have soft yet firm muscles. Perfect for cuddles and carries.

I head back down stairs to the living room just in time for Kitsu to come back in. Look to me, and smile as she bites her lip. Her tail twitching as het ears splay back in a sign of arousal.

"Like what you see?" I ask with smirk as I saunter to her. Her eyes drifting from my eyes to my stomach as she looks me up and down.

"Maybe~" She says coyly as she puts her hands behind her back. "Depends, is that for me?"

I come up to her and embrace her. Grabbing her by her thighs and hoisting her up as she wraps her arms and legs around me. She's still absurdly light. Like, I think she's only seventy pounds.

"Ahh! Whoa!" She exclaims with a laugh of surprise. "You really want your dessert early!" She giggles.

I don't. I just enjoy flirting with her. I mean, I won't say no. But today is all about teasing her, and I have something else in mind as I move us to the couch.

"Oooh! Where're we going?" She asks with a devious grin.

"Not far." I say and lay her on the couch. Careful not to squish her tail.

"I'm not cleaning the couch again." She says.

"Don't you worry about that." I say in a husky tone as I trail my lips down to her shoulder. Bringing my hands up slowly from her hips to her sides.

"I, mmrm, really think we should wait." Kitsu moans weakly.

As soon as she says that, I nibble her shoulder as I start tickling her sides.

"Aaaah! No! Mi-Missy! Noohohohooo Ahhahhahahhaa!" She squeals as I tickle the life out of her. "Aaaaaaaaiiiiiiieeeeeee!"

"Om nom nom!" I say and nibble her neck.

She squirms and kicks under me giggling and crying at the same time. Her beautiful laugh filling my ears.

"MI-MISSY! I-I-I I'M GONNA PEEEEE!" She yells at the top of her lungs.

I stop my assault on her and shuffle on the couch. Laying down against the back as I hold her heaving form.

"Ha, ha, ha, way, way to, kill the mood." She pants.

"There was no mood to kill." I say matter of factly. "No dessert until after dinner. Remember?" I say cheekily.

"Evil." She pants.

"You love me." I say and give her a smooch on her cheek. "And you know it."

"I do." She says with a smile. Taking my arms and holding them close to her. Her tail curling up from between us to act as a blanket.

"I love you so much." I say softly as I warp the entertainment stand to grab the remote.

"I love you too." She says as she scooches into me.

"Have I ever told you how beautiful you are?" I ask as I stroke her hair.

"Only every day we've woken up in the same building." She replies as she leans into my hand.

"Good." I say simply. "You deserve to know how beautiful you are."

She squeals a little at my words as she wiggles against me.

We settle in and watch a bit of TV until Skippy comes in from playing with his cousins. At which point Kitsu and I move to the floor as he lays behind us. He knows his strength and weight are too much for me to handle. So he lays down and we play with him like that.

I'm sitting with his head by my side.

"You're such a good boy!" I say and scratch the tendril thingies that are his folded head feathers.

"Rooowww." He chuffs as he leans into my hand.

Yeah, Kitsu may have nave been the one to make him. But he's my special boy, no matter what she says.

.

.

-Later that day-

.

.

We're wasting away the afternoon on the patio. Well, the pool house patio where the TV and hot tub is. And Tori.

Sat in the hot tub, Kitsu is in her Nessa swim suit. While I'm in a lacy purple bikini.

We'll normally host parties here for our friends and family. BBQ's, potlucks and birthdays. The built in couches making a U shape around the hot tub. With the edges of the hot tub being extendable platforms to cover the majority of the water to act as a table. Excluding Tori's rock and platform for him to crawl out of course. Can't just trap him in here.

You can't leave your food unattended though. He will eat it. But in my opinion, if you leave it unattended long enough for a tortoise to snatch, you clearly didn't want it that much.

We sit here and watch a documentary on Jack the Ripper as Tori lays there on his knees on a stone slab in the middle of the hot tub. Head up, eyes squinted as he watches the TV with us.

He's actually the one heating the water. He makes chemicals in him that generate heat when mixed. That excess heat gets channeled through and expelled out his black rocky shell. His reddish orange scales making a nice pallet to mix with the grey stone hot tub.

More than half of all the expensive stuff we own Kitsu bought. And there was more. But I put a stop to it and now handle the finances. Before that, we literally had a new piece of furniture come in every week. Mostly because she would catch me browsing through websites window shopping the things they had or reading catalogues. And thought I wanted it.

Now the only time she gets unfettered control of the money is Christmas. And that's so that there are no ruined surprises.

As we're watching TV. Kitsu takes my hand and puts it on her head.

I roll my eyes and remove it. Knowing how to play this game.

She grabs my hand and puts it on her head again. And again I remove it.

She huffs angrily and moves over to straddle my lap.

"Scratches." She says with a pout.

"Later, I'm watching TV." I say, holding back a smile.

"I need my scratches." She says seriously. "Don't make me get drastic in front of Tori."

"Oh?" I say challengingly as Tori turns his head slowly to look at us. "And what's drastic?"

"Rmmm." She growls with a blush.

"It wouldn't happen to involve being a good girl would it?" I tease as I run my hands up her sides.

Good girl is code for sexy time. And I'm referencing the last time I repeatedly ignored her demand for scratches. And the time before that, and the time before that.

"Please?" She asks.

"Oh fine." I say and pull her close, wrapping one arm around her back as I use the to scratch her ears.

"Oh yeah." She says lightly. "That's it, right there."

I just enjoy our closeness as Tori goes back to looking at the TV. Kitsu's tail swishing in the water as she hugs me tight.

I can't wait for tomorrow.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

Myostatin-related muscle hypertrophy. Or Muscular Hypertrophy Syndrome, is a real life genetic mutation that causes people to develop muscles either twice as fast or twice as dense. Sometimes both.

Credit for the idea goes to RadChaos897

Their was actually an episode of Stan Lee's Superhumans that featured a real life guy with it. He had the rare mutation that gave him both double the muscle and double the density. And he was a body builder!

He bent a wrench on live TV like it was rebar.

.

I'm thinking about posting a separate fic on AO3 for lewds.

If I get enough people saying they want that. If not, I'll just tone it down.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

.

FOR [Conduit]!

.

FOR KITSU!

.

FOR Kitsu Dallon. No more after this.

NSFW

The closest this series will likely get to lemons.

Radchaos897: What are some things that you have used your biokinesis for in the bedroom? Any memorable ones?

Kitsu Dallon: Several. I once gave Missy a heat cycle because she wanted to know what it was like.

Death by snu snu. Is all I will say to that. I don't know how she's able to look forward to mine!

RadChaos897: Did you ever make Missy the 'man' in one instance? If so, how did it go? Did you try to make yourself the 'man'?

Kitsu Dallon: A few times. And it went, amazing! The first time I made the mistake of giving Missy a dick without a refractory period.

Round one lasted ten minutes as she "Force fed me". Round two lasted almost an hour with me in her lap. And round three saw me passing out halfway through, doggystyle.

I can't wait till we get our own place.

When I was the man, Missy went full dom on me. Edging, orgasm denial, and it ended in a leglocked missionary.

RadChaos897: Ever try mommy play with lactation?

Kitsu Dallon: No.

RadChaos897: Did you turn yourself into a tentacle fox monster and have Missy wear a sailor girl uniform while holding a piece of toast in her mouth?

Kitsu Dallon: Oddly, specific. And no.

RadChaos897: Speaking of sailor uniforms, did you ever buy/commission from Parian sexy costumes/clothes? You know, sexy bunny girl, sexy nurse, sexy police girl, bloomers, pasties, edible undergarments, that kind of thing.

Kitsu Dallon: Her eighteenth birthday. I hid in a box in her apartment. And when Missy opened it I was in there tied up in edible ribbon and nothing else.

Other than that I have a few sets of underwear. Me and Missy haven't really done any roleplay or anything. It's one of those suggestions by Crystal that we just couldn't get into.

RadChaos897: Did you try to make organic sex toys? Bondage with plants, suckling starfish pasties, tentacle dildos, that sort of stuff. If so, did you like any of them? Did Missy like any of them?

Kitsu Dallon: No, I suggested it. But Missy's pretty turned off by the idea. So I never pressed the issue and sort of just, left it on the table. So to speak.

RadChaos897: Did you ever use your illusion power to give Missy a harem of you? How did she react to so many fluffy tails?

Kitsu Dallon: I could only keep up two of me with any focus while in the act. But yeah, Missy liked it. She really liked figuring out which was the real one.

Turns out it's not that hard. I'm the loudest.

RadChaos897: Did you ever use your illusion power to make yourself look like other women/men during sex? Probably not since that would feel like cheating, but I had to ask because of the "If I had a chance of banging so-and-so I would" rule that some couples have.

Kitsu Dallon: No, we do have our three rule though. Missy's is, Pinky, Dean, and Battery for some reason.

Mine are Pinky, Dennis, and Vergil.

Not that any of those would realistically happen. Pinky is straight, Vicky would never forgive Missy for sleeping with Dean. Battery is straight and happily married with three kids. Dennis, is, honestly the closest to having any chance of happening, and Vergil hates me.

RadChaos897: Did you use your powers to change your body during sexy time? Did Missy ever ask you to enlarge your thighs and crush her head between them? Did she ever ask you to change her body?

Kitsu Dallon: During? No. Right before? A few times. Missy asked for larger boobs before because she had it in her head that I'd like'em bigger. And I'm the one who's likely to have Missy's thighs squish my head. And they're perfectly shaped for it.

Missy really likes being the one in control. Whether it's using the strap, or just plain getting rough with me, in her own words. "Watching that juicy ass bounce is the hottest thing ever." And "I love hearing that sweet voice sing~"

RadChaos897: Speaking of your tail, did you ever try and use it during your intimate moments? Kinda like with a feather or a kind of kinky whip.

Kitsu Dallon: Missy likes to pull it when she gets rough and massage the base of it when she's trying to get me going.

But aside from that my Case 53 features don't really get used all that much in bed unless it's tail pulling, ear scratching, or me biting her shoulder.

RadChaos897: What were some intimate acts that you didn't really like, but Missy loves? Were there any that you liked, but not so much for Missy?

Kitsu Dallon: None really. We tend to be on the same page with that. And honestly? The kinkiest we get is when we get the collar and leash and I get to be Missy's good girl. Other than that, which isn't all that often, we're just a very active couple. I know I kinda hyped up our sex lives. But we really only go at it once or twice a week at most.

Not including my heat cycle of course.

RadChaos897: Did you ever try anything that neither you nor Missy liked? Were there any that you were surprised that you and her did like?

Kitsu Dallon: Neither of us really got into roleplay. But we decided to try the collar and leash and found we both really like it. Missy for the control and me because it just add a level spice I can't get over. Especially when she pulls it from behind and it presses up against my jaw just right. The feeling of handing her control and trusting her. And I like the whole sense of her dominating me.

I cannot stress how much of a bottom I am in bed.

Another thing that surprised us in bed was how much we enjoy spanking. I'm, a bit of a masochist. And Missy just likes watching my butt jiggle.

RadChaos897: Were there any mishaps that happened during sexy time?

Kitsu Dallon: A few times. Nothing really stands out. But the first few months were filled with a lot of fumbling and clumsiness on both our parts. Seeing that we're each other's first partner.

RadChaos897: Since Crystal was influential in how kinky you and Missy became, did you inherit her use of Bad Dragon toys?

Kitsu Dallon: Hell no! We're experimental, not crazy! Too big is a thing!

Grimnosh: Spicy eh? Did Missy like the hot pepperoni, ghost pepper, and habanero sauce pizza or was it just a little too much for her?

Kitsu Dallon: Missy can actually handle spice like a champ. She doesn't like it. But it doesn't bother her.

.

Newb: RadChaos897 you have been sentenced to horny jail! I hope it was worth it. (

.

Missy Biron is mortified by the exposure of her sex life and will be unavailable for the time being.

Any and all questions for her will be posted in the next chapter to give her time to mentally recover.

.

LIMITED TIME ONLY!

(Good Ending) FUTURE MISSY BIRON!

Missy Biron: WHHHHHYYYYYYYYYYY!?

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.
Last edited: Jun 3, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, macdjord and 133 others
Newb to the game
Jun 2, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 43 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jun 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#368
A/N Moratorium

Alt title: Let's put a pin in that.

.

Merry Christmas!

I have a Pokémon fanfic I just recently posted. It's about a trainer who's replacing a gym leader.

Update: it's currently on hiatus due to lack of caring
.

All comments will be responded to at the end to avoid spoilers.

.

Disclaimer: I don't own Worm or any other characters in this work, other than my OC. All other characters belong to their respective properties.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Thursday, June 3rd, 4:30pm, The Rig-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Um, can, can you repeat that?" I ask numbly.

"Rachel, killed herself in her cell." Matt says right across from me.

We're in the Wards lounge. I'm waiting for Missy to finish changing. Daredevil came in and told everyone to leave.

Except me.

"This isn't funny." I say seriously.

"I'm, sorry." He says as he lowers his head. "She was announced dead yesterday, afternoon."

My mind, races. My blood is pumping, and my throat is dry.

I need to see this. I need to confirm this with my own eyes. I won't know what to think otherwise.

"Can I, can I see her?" I ask.

"I, don't think that's-"

"Please?" I say and use my biokinesis to force tears to start welling up.

"I'll, I'll talk to Pigot."

"I want to see her now." I say impatiently.

"I can't just-"

"I will get violent Matthew." I say and narrow my eyes.

"I don't, okay." He relents softly.

It just occurred to me that narrowing my eyes probably didn't do anything to help me here. Seeing as it's a visual intimidation tactic. And Matt is blind.

But I can't worry about that. Not right now.

Matt takes me out of the room to the hall where the other Wards are. Confused and muttering, wondering as to what could be wrong.

Matt wordlessly walks me through the building. Winding halls and corridors. Passing people, I don't care to focus on.

We make it to a sparsely populated area. There is a sign above the metal double doors.

(Morgue)

Matt presses a button on the intercom placed on the wall.

"Daredevil, ID number 2306602."

There's a click and a thunk as the doors unlock and Matt walks through. Holding the door for me as I pass.

Walking through the halls and into a room with several metal drawers. Matt grabs a clipboard from a basket that's hung on the wall.

This whole time. My mind racing, yet also, not. It's like I'm trying to think of everything. But as a result, I can't think of anything.

"Here." He says as he hands me the clipboard. "I can't read it."

I take the board and look through the paper. Going down to find Rachel's name and find the shelving unit she's in. Looking around the cold room I find the row I'm looking for. First row, seventh cabinet. Going over to it, with Matt following close behind. I grab the latch and click it. Pulling it back and open.

Covered in a tarp with a toe tag on her exposed feet.

I pulled back the tarp to see her cold, pale face. Eyes closed.

There is no, fucking, way she'd off herself. Unless this version of Worm has a massive canon divergence that I'm simply not aware of. Even then, she was under constant surveillance. There is no way she'd kill herself. People don't just, do that. There are signs. Even if those signs aren't apparent.

So. With that in mind.

I grab her hand under the tarp. And enhance my perception as much as I can and look in.

Severed tongue. The way it's cut says only she could've done it by biting it off. Which would indicate she did it to herself.

If not for the fucking micro bruises just under her jaw. And on her wrists in a perfect formation to indicate hands.

She was held and forced to bite her own tongue.

"How, how do you know she killed herself?" I ask solemnly, returning my perception back to normal.

"It was, caught on camera." Matt says. "We got to her just as her heart stopped. I'm sorry."

"This wasn't a suicide." I whisper as quiet as possible for Matt to hear, but not any possible bugs. "Fuck it, I'm not one for this double oh seven espionage bullshit."

"Kitsu? Are, maybe, you should go hooooooommmmmme." Matt's voice slows as I enhance my perception again.

Her body is perfectly preserved. And most importantly. Her brain is undamaged. Just severely degraded. The cells are hypoxic and necrotic.

But if the Fairy Queen could resurrect people with Bonesaw and Nilbog's help. Why can't I? She only needed their help because she needed bodies for them and the memories that the shards she collected held onto. Hell, Bonesaw straight brought people back to life and cloned them perfectly! From scratch!

I don't have that issue; her brain is intact. The neurons are in a specific arrangement already conforming to her memories. And besides. I've done this before with Dennis. Just, that was on a much smaller scale.

'[Conduit]' I reach out. Already knowing Matt's a vial cape.

[?]

'What can I do here?'

.

.

Mathew "Daredevil" Murdock POV

.

Poor kid is becoming erratic. She's not making any sense. First, she zones out. Then she speaks at a volume I could hear. Then she just starts cursing for no reason.

'This was a bad idea.' I realize.

"Come on, I'll, I'll take you-"

Thump

'The fuck?'

Thump

There are three heartbeats in the room.

One of them is on the shelf.

Rachel's heart is beating.

.

.

-Dallon House, 5:20pm-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"You should have seen it!" Mark laughs. "I go to pick up Kitsu and Missy is right there, all smiles. Right?"

"Okay, what's weird about that?" I ask as I set my goggles down. Having just got back from a patrol with Crystal and Firebreather.

"You know that make up kit Vicky got Kitsu for her birthday?" Mark asks with a smile.

"Yeah, she's been using it every other day she goes on patrol." I say as I reach back and unhook my bra.

"Let me get that for you." Mark says and does so. "And she does? I haven't noticed."

"Thanks honey." I say and turn to give him a quick kiss. "She's been using it sparingly. Only really using the lipstick regularly."

She had actually asked me for help in figuring out how to use it. Vicky had done it for her once before so she only the process of it. Not the actual how of applying it herself.

"Well, it's nice that she likes the gift." Mark says.

Yeah, none of us are blind to the fact that Kitsu and Vicky don't get along. They don't hate each other. But their personalities are scarily similar in the worst ways. Opposites attract and all that while similarities repel. Probably why Amy gets along so well with both of them.

Speaking of.

"Hmm, where's Amy? I didn't see her today." I ask Mark as I toss the last of my hero clothes in hamper.

"She's at the mall window shopping." Mark says.

"Not the hospital?" I ask.

Amy's ungrounded. Vicky's still grounded. But we're allowing her out of the house on her own. She just needs to let us know where she is and isn't allowed to patrol on her own.

"No, in her own words. 'They have my number if it's an emergency. I'm done being used as a convenience for every scraped knee and stubbed toe.'" Mark tries to mock the sound of a bored teenage girl.

"Sweetie, I love you. Never do that again." I say as I finish getting out of my work clothes and into my casuals.

"What, too spot on?" He says jokingly from the bed.

"No, just, no." I say with a smile as I crawl on the covers with him.

I scooch over and lay on him as he grabs my book and reading glasses from the nightstand for me.

"Thanks honey." I say and give him a quick smooch on the cheek.

"Not a problem."

We settle into a relaxed silence. Me reading my novel in bed with Mark holding me. Grateful for the moment of relaxation that's just so rare lately.

*Ring*

"I think that's your phone." Mark says half asleep as he holds me.

"It is." I say as I let it ring.

*Ring*

"I think you should get it." Mark says.

"And I think I deserve a moment of peace."

*Ring* It goes a third time.

"Fine!" I say and get up. Head over to my vanity and answer the damned thing. "What?"

"Brandish." Director Pigot's voice sounds out. "I suggest you come to the Rig. Now."

"What did Vicky break this time?" I ask tiredly.

"Nothing, or at least nothing I'm aware of." She says. "No, this is about your other, problem child."

Other problem, who is talking ab-

'Oh.' I realize with a pit in my stomach.

"What did she do." I say seriously.

"She's bringing the dead back to life." Pigot says with a hint of fatigue.

…

"I'm sorry. Run that by me again?"

"There is literally no way I can put it that'll make more sense." Pigot says. "She, genuinely, brought someone who was confirmed dead and put on ice in the morgue for nearly twenty four hours, back to life."

…

"I'll be right over." I say.

There goes my quiet afternoon.

.

.

-The Rig, 7pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

That was NOT EASY!

Like, holy shit. First, I tried starting her heart back up to get the blood flowing. But that was causing issues with all the hypoxic blood cells. So, I tried to oxygenate them by forcing the lungs to move. Then the immune system started up and was attacking the body! So, I had to section it off from the rest to keep it from killing her again while I was dealing with everything else. Reconnecting deteriorated neurons and nerves. Then her appendix pulled a fuck you and burst for no reason! Then when I got her body temp back up and reconnected her immune system to the rest of her body, I fucked up and her immune system started attacking her eyes! So, I had to fix that!

Overall, I managed to revive her in an hour. Mostly. Amy's coming by to look at her. Rachel was conscious and in a panic for about half a minute before passing out. I had enhanced my perception to the absolute max in order to do this. Because I had to constantly check her body's other systems while working on her. And I can't work on one area that intensely, while hyper focusing and checking another area at the same time. It's like performing brain surgery and knitting at the same time. You just can't do it. You need to step away from one for a second and devote all your attention to the other before switching back.

Only instead of two things. I was doing it with more than ten!

And [Conduit] had to fuck off the moment her brain was operational in order to not get discovered.

It was only about an hour of real time. But it felt like more than twelve. Days.

I'm soooooo tired. Mentally at least. I just wanna go home and sleep.

Rachel's on a stretcher. She's unconscious and has a mask on. But she'll live.

There's only one person I know of who'd do this. Or at least would have a reason to kill her and make it look like a suicide. A way to keep any and all traces back to him hidden. While also sending a subtle message to all those who would try what she did and leave the Undersiders.

The embodiment of paranoia with delusions of grandeur himself. Thomas Calvert.

Fuck the unwritten rules. He has the ability to literally be in two places at once? Easy, I'll find out where his base is. Find his house. First stop, his house. If he's not there. Then I already killed him, that timeline severs, and he knows that I know. I race to him before he gets his contingencies set up.

Or, find his house. And on a night I know he's there. Set up an accident. In one timeline, he dies. Timeline cut off. In the other, he's alive, in his base. Checks to see what the hell happened. And sees it was an accident. Validating his paranoia and leaving him unaware that I know about him. Making killing him a race of a different sort. Killing him before he can move in another timeline.

This is complicated. Basically, beating Coil is a matter of setup. Redundancies and all that.

I'm too tired to flesh anything out right now. I just wanna go home.

But I'm not allowed out of the room. Yeah, in my whole, what I just did. I never really considered the consequences of bringing the dead back to life.

In my defense. I wasn't thinking.

Now I just need to figure out how to tell that to Mom without getting grounded for the summer.

.

.

-7:30pm-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"I want to see her!" I demand Pigot.

"And you will, just, not, now." Pigot says.

"When!?"

"Brandish, I would recommend you not-" Armsmaster starts.

"Whatever it is you can shove it up your ass." I point to Armsmaster and cut him off. "When?!" I say and point back to Pigot.

"I don't know! Okay?" Director Pigot says with exasperation. "Right now, Kitsu's very presence here is being regarded as a Top Secret. I don't mean that as keep it hush hush, I mean as in the only individuals who are allowed to know she's here are directors, cape commanders, and the president. The only reason you know she's here is because I told you before Chief Director Costa-Brown issued the call!"

"Then why let me in the building?!" I ask.

"Because you already know and are still her legal guardian. But I trust you can understand why this situation is so delicate. If this gets out in the slightest, civil unrest is the least of our worries." She reasons.

I can. First, you'd have the populace in a panic over zombies. Then in a panic over another Nilbog. Then you'd have every organization under the sun willing to fight tooth and nail for the ability to bring back the dead. An army with a striker twelve just died? Oh, just get the fox.

"Who even let her see the body?" I demand. "She's a thirteen year old little girl. She's doesn't have that level of emotional intelligence and maturity to handle the death of a loved one!"

I would know. I saw her psych eval. Hell, the moment Amy was in danger she tore through two separate buildings and fought a handful of capes just to make sure she was fine. Finding someone she likes to be dead? And then letting her see the body?

"That, would be Daredevil." Pigot says in a tone that indicates she feels the same. "Trust me, he's being given an earful by Miss Militia. Afterwards, I'll be talking to him. Then you can chat with him to your hearts content."

"So, I'm stuck here, unable to leave, unable to talk to Kitsu, and what?" I ask in frustration. "I'm just supposed to accept that?!"

"That's the gist of it yes." Pigot says. "I'm sorry. Trust me when I say I'd rather not have to deal with, any, of this."

At least I can believe that.

.

.

-7:30pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

*Ksht*

I wake up to the sound of the automatic door opening. Looking around at the unfamiliar room I calm down as I remember recent events.

"Kitsu I presume?" I hear as I blink the fatigue from my eyes.

"Depends on, hoooaaaa!" I yawn out. "Depends on who's asking."

"I'm Chief Director of the PRT." She says as my vision focuses on the Hispanic woman. "You can call me Rebecca."

Fuuuuuuuuck me.

.

.

Rebecca "Alexandria" Costa-Brown POV

.

Once again, I'm face to face with the false Case 53. Although, with this recent development, the theory of her being made by Contessa and her anesthetizing herself and lying about it. Is looking more and more valid. If her path told her to. She'd do it. She's so reliant on her pathing, but her power's reliable.

"What do you want?" The girl asks tentatively.

She's gotten bigger since last we met. It's minor, but it's there. She's about a centimeter taller and her chest is larger by the same measure. That's, odd. We were under the assumption she was locked into a child's body. But she's clearly going through puberty. Delayed aging perhaps?

That's something for later. The current matter is more important.

The power to fully bring back the dead? That's not a power an active agent could give. Not unless that's all it was. Active agents tend to be more limited than dead ones. Dead agents are more powerful. And Case 53's hyper express those powers. If Contessa had a path that made her give this girl her power, then it was for good reason.

"I'll get right to it." I say. "The power you just displayed. Bringing Hellhound-"

"Rachel." She interjects. Her eyes narrowing slightly in annoyance.

Most of my ability to cold read is less than useful here. Her vulpine features mix with her human ones. And tell her mood separate from her. The problem is that her idiosyncrasies are not one to one with a standard fox, or even a canine in general. Making any cold reading educated guesswork at best until I observe her more.

"Rachel, is a dangerous thing." I say. "As such I'm here with an offer-"

"I refuse." She says immediately.

I had a feeling that there was a possibility. What with how she fled from me immediately after Behemoth.

"Hear me out." I say.

"My ability to resurrect others is dangerous if gotten out. Other groups will likely want to gain access to me." She says. "Through any means necessary. And with me being unaffiliated directly with the government, targeting me directly is more likely to happen."

She's not wrong.

"If you're aware of all this. Then why take the risk?" I ask.

She's quiet for a bit. Right when I think she's ignoring me, however.

"How far would you go to bring back someone you love?" She asks. "The number of people I care for is very limited. Unlike my powers."

That, is a dangerous mindset to have in a rogue asset.

"I, have a few questions." I ask. "Do you mind?"

"I don't have much choice." She says.

She's sharp. But we knew that. Problem is she's also emotional and unstable. She brought back the dead despite knowing the consequences. Predicting a smart man is a matter of putting yourself in their shoes. And thinking what's the best course of action. Predicting an idiot is much harder. Predicting someone who's unstable? Don't bother.

"Very well." I say. "Do you remember anything from your past?" I ask the crucial question.

"What do you mean?" She asks with a head tilt. Her ears flopping with her head.

"Your parents, where you're from. Anything?" I ask.

"No." She says quickly. "And I don't want to talk about it."

Nothing about her indicates she's lying. But until I can catch her in a lie I won't know for sure. If she's telling the truth. Then Contessa made a secret Case 53.

"Rachel committed suicide." I say. "Why bring her back if she didn't want to live? That seems awfully selfish."

"That was your last question. She didn't kill herself." Kitsu replies with a furrowed brow. "The micro bruises I found when scanning her all say she was forced to kill herself."

"How sure are you of that?"

"Stake my immortal life on it."

'I'll need to review the footage myself.' I resolve.

If she's telling the truth, then we have a massive security leak.

"Do you have any idea who could've done it?" I ask.

She doesn't say anything.

"Not cooperating won't help you." I inform her.

"I plead the fifth." She says.

"This isn't an interrogation." I remind her.

"Isn't it? It sure feels like one." She says.

We sit there in silence. Save for the medical equipment.

"You're aware that Rachel's already been declared dead, correct?" I tell her.

No response.

"We can't let her leave. She'll be targeted and it'll be known she somehow survived bleeding out to death and being frozen."

No response.

This is going nowhere. She won't join, and she won't talk. For all intents and purposes I'm being ignored.

"Very well. Panacea will be in here after me to check on her." I say and turn to leave. "After words we still need to discuss how to move all this forward."

I can't just order her to be detained. She's become too much of a public figure to let that slide. And there's no cover story we can give that won't get blown open.

For one, Mr. Stark will absolutely smell blood in the water if we try. Two, she's too well connected to public figures. In other words. Any attempts would require her cooperation. And that's clearly not happening.

.

.

-1am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I wanna go home!

I'm so tired! Every time I try and sleep. Something else happens! First Amy came in and chewed me out. Then checked on Rachel and fixed a few things I missed. Chewed me out for that. And was escorted out.

Now I'm just waiting.

…

"FUCK YOU!" I hear as I'm jolted awake, again!

Looking over I see Rachel is awake and thrashing in the bed. Ripping her mask off and throwing it as she stands up and looks around the room. Panting and huffing in a panic. She turns to see me and just wave tiredly.

A few guards try and come into the room. But as soon as the door opens, I throw up a wall to stop them.

Rachel looks to the door where the guards are trying to come in and grabs a chair to defend herself.

I run over and tackle/hug her. Causing her to drop the chair on me.

I ignore it.

"The fuck is going on!" She demands.

"You died; I brought you back." I say as I start crying into her hospital gown.

I stay here for a while longer. Holding her tight and just making sure she's real.

Eventually she relaxes. And brings a hand up to scratch my ears and-

Oh god! That, this. If I could die. I'd die happy right now. I could be murdered, and I wouldn't even care.

This is heavenly. She's scratching just the right spots!

Not much longer I pass out again. From my perspective, I've been up nearly ten days straight. I'm done.

I can't.

.

.

-2am-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

I walk into the infirmary room. With a sleeping Kitsu on the hospital bed and a guard in the corner.

Hellhound was escorted to an M/S cell under strict guard. To my understanding the cameras were turned off as well. What Kitsu did is no joke. The only other individual known to bring back the dead is Bonesaw. And that's just as zombies and macabre monstrosities. Not fully functioning human beings.

"Kitsu, sweetheart?" I say as I shake her. "We gotta go now."

"Mrm." She whines into the pillow she's cuddling. Her tail coming up to hide her from view.

"Kitsu, you need to wake up."

"Please." She says softly. "So tired."

I let out a sigh as I reach over the bed and hook my arms under her. Pulling her to me as I carry her. Taking the pillow from her and tossing it back on the bed.

"That's alright." I say and kiss her forehead. "You've been through enough today."

"Mrm."

She really has. First, she gets told her friend's dead. Then is taken to see the body. And suddenly gains the power to resurrect people. That or she always could as part of her biokinesis and just never bothered to figure out how until now.

Then she gets interrogated, then gets scolded by Amy, then has to be separated from said friend once they wake up.

And there's no telling how much energy got drained from her when she brought back Hellhound.

"Don't worry." I say as she buries her head into my shoulder. Her tail completely limp. "We're going home."

"Ish dere pisha dere?" She asks as I walk out of the room and into the hall. With the guard following us out.

"We have some frozen ones left." I tell her with a soft laugh. "We can put some in the oven when we get there."

"Kay."

We continue our trek though the veritable maze that is the Rig. We make it outside to the helicopter and I try and set Kitsu down. Only for her to cling to me tightly.

"Kitsu, you need to let go." I tell her. "We can't get home unless you're buckled in."

"Mrm. Missy's power." She mumbles.

"It's almost three in the morning." I tell her. "Missy's asleep."

"Call her. Tell her I'll pay her with kisses." Kitsu continues.

"I'm not doing that." I say. "Come on, just for a bit.

She doesn't say anything. Instead, just loosening her grip as I set her down.

"Mrrrm!" She whines.

'Right, her tail.' I remind myself.

I didn't bring her backpack. So she's currently sitting on her tail.

"I'm sorry sweetie." I say as I buckle the sleepy girl. "Just for a little bit."

The ride to the drop off where Mark's waiting to pick us up is filled with silence, aside from the occasional whine and shuffle of movement coming from Kitsu.

We finally touch down on the landing pad and step out. Kitsu reaches up for me. Making a grabbing motion with her hands.

I reach down and pick her up. Her eyes closed the whole time. Poor kid's been put through the ringer today.

I walk through the access stairs of the terminal building. Through customs, and out to the parking lot where Mark is waiting with the car.

We get there and Mark pulls out of a parking space in the car. Drives up next to us and unlocks the car.

"Here you go sweetie." I say and set her down in the back seat. Where she lays down on her side and rolls over to face the back. Her tail curling up and acting as a blanket.

I step back, close the door. And get in the passenger seat.

"So, what all happened?" Mark asks softly as he puts the car back in drive.

"Well, you know Hellhound?" I ask.

"Yeah, didn't she recently get off easy with her trial?" He asks. "Got away with several accounts of murder."

"Yeah, no. I can tell you she's not a murderer." I say. I've kept up with the case and I will say, I feel for Rachel.

She got put in a similar situation to me. Trapped and alone with others and no way out. And the one she trusted turned out to be the one to damn her. I know I'm projecting. But damn if Murdock and Nelson aren't good defense lawyers.

"She's a killer, but not a murderer." I say.

"Is there a difference?" Mark asks.

"Yes, one is intentional, the other is, less intentional and more a product of circumstance." I tell him.

"I'll, pretend to understand that." He says. "Anyway, what about her?"

"She killed herself." I say simply. "Or, so everyone thought."

"Okay, what changed?" He asks.

"Kitsu brought her back to life." I rip off the band-aide.

Mark slows the car down and pulls over to the side of the road.

"Mark?" I ask in concern and slight fear. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah, yeah no." He says distantly. "Just, need a minute to process."

At least he's a safe enough driver to know when he needs to stop driving.

After a few minutes. Mark puts the car back in drive and we continued our way home.

"So, by brought back to life?" He intones as we reach our area of the city.

"I mean, fully functional, awake, moving, non-zombie, alive." I confirm with a bob of my head. "A little dazed and confused. With a bit of short term memory loss. But other than that. Alive. After being declared dead almost a full day beforehand. And now Chief Director Costa-Brown is down here and personally going through the security footage."

"Why's that?" Mark asks as we pull into our driveway.

"Oh, because Kitsu claimed, and Hellhound confirmed, that it wasn't a suicide. It was a murder." I say as I unbuckle.

"In the middle of the Rig?" Mark asks in disbelief.

"Yeah."I confirm. "That's why everything is on such high alert. That and with Kitsu pulling a stunt that could get a religion formed around her. The Rig is in high alert, high security, shut down. The official story being that it's an unplanned drill to test the security measures."

"I'm guessing that's why they let you and Kitsu go?" He suggests.

"Oh, that's because I threatened to sue if they kept us any longer." I respond as I go to the back and grab the little girl. "They can't afford a lawsuit for unlawful containment, a scandal with a murder, and a false drill call all at once."

Of course, Kitsu immediately latches onto me. Holding me tight in her sleep.

"So, what's going to happen now?" Mark asks as he locks the car and heads to the door.

"Well, for one. Kitsu's missing school tomorrow." I say as I follow him. "And we'll be heading straight for the Rig when she's ready."

He holds the door open, and I walk through with him following me.

We wordlessly walked through the house. And I turn to Kitsu's room. With a tote on the side with Kratos. It has a brick on its lid now.

I lay Kitsu down to try and tuck her in. Only, she won't let go.

"Sweetheart. Come on, wake up." I say softly.

"Don't leave." She whines sleepily.

Taking a deep breath. I stand back up and walk out of the room with her in my arms. Heading towards my room.

"Wipe that smirk off your face before I smack it off." I say lightly as I see Mark smirk in the corner of my eye.

We head to our room. And I hand the sleeping fox over to Mark as I get undressed and dressed back in my sweats for bed. Turning around and taking the small girl, I step out of the room for Mark to change.

"Mrm, did I do bad?" Kitsu asks sleepily.

"No." I say soothingly and kiss her on the forehead. "You just, surprised everyone."

"Mrm." She gives a noncommittal sound.

After a while longer. Mark comes out to let me know he's decent. I follow him into the bed with Kitsu in my arms.

"Night sweetie." Mark tells me.

"Night." Kitsu says in my place.

"I think he was talking to me." I tell the tired girl.

"Too bad." She says.

Her tail curls up and covers us both as a blanket. Under our current blanket.

"Love you." She says as she finally passes out fully.

"Love you too, sweetheart."

.

.

-Meanwhile, The Rig-

.

.

Rebecca "Alexandria" Costa-Brown POV

.

I can't fucking believe it.

Kitsu was right.

I'm not sure how. But she figured out that an assassin had snuck in, blended with the guard staff, learned their rotations and schedules, posed as one, killed Rachel Lindt, set it up to look like a suicide, and then tampered with the cameras so seamlessly that had I not been personally reviewing the footage. I doubt they'd ever have been found.

Granted Kitsu never said all that. But she was fairly sure that Rachel didn't kill herself. And while Rachel doesn't remember her killer, she has expressed under Armsmaster's lie detector that she has no desire to kill herself.

Whoever did it is good. The best even. Because out of everything. The only thing that clued me in to the fact that the footage was fake. Were a few drops of blood, barely ten pixels worth, appearing in the fake footage, but not in the real. One moment, there's a little blood on the edge of her lips, the next it's in a different spot.

"Dragon what did you find?" I ask.

"The footage is without a doubt fake." She responds over the computer's speaker. "Whoever did this knew exactly what they were doing. The only way I know is that there is a minor delay of footage, zero point zero zero zero five seconds, before, and after the time frame. I wouldn't think anything of it. But it appears on multiple cameras around the event. The exact same delay as the moment you pointed out."

We have a massive breach in security. And I won't rest until I find it.

.

.

-Friday, June 4th, 10am, The Rig-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Stuck in Pigot's office with a bunch of suits. That's my Friday. I'm wearing my three piece business suit. It's the most professional thing I own. And with Mom here I match for an added cute factor!

"Using such a power in a public setting will cause severe civil unrest." Ms. Pigot says. "To say nothing of the wider geopolitical scale as a whole."

"Not to mention there are those who'd want to kidnap you for the use of your power." Armsmaster says. "To say nothing of the Yangban. They may very well try to use you as breeding stock to produce more parahumans with your ability."

He's saying that as a scare tactic. That's the only reason I can come up with in my head for why he said that. To, my, face.

"I want him removed for that comment." Mom says. "Now."

Mom, however, is a bit less understanding.

"I'm merely stating facts." He says evenly.

"Incorrect facts." I repeat back. "I'm incapable of having kids."

"Just because you haven't-" He starts.

"Before you choke on your own foot." I interrupt him. "I don't get periods. My entire hormone system is completely different from that of a regular human. Suck it."

I don't like mentioning that. It still upsets me. Yes, I did it to myself. But it's better than the alternative.

"Still, as such you cannot resurrect another person." Alexandria, I'm sorry, Chief Director Costa-Brown says.

"Uh huh." I say with a tired nod.

"I'm being serious little lady." She says sternly.

Okay! That's where I draw the line!

"Okay listen here, miss first lady reject." I say. "There are only four people who get to call me little with no consequences. And you are not one of them!"

"My apologies." She says. "I didn't mean to offend."

"Accepted. Look, I promise I won't, in good mental health, resurrect someone again." I tell her. "Are we done? I wanna go home and get a nap."

To say nothing of the fact Missy is coming over later. If I pull my cards right, I might get cuddles with her and Dad! And maybe Amy and Mom too! A cuddle puddle!

I have my priorities.

"What about in when you're in poor mental health?" Dickmaster asks.

I'd rather be, literally anywhere else.

"I can't make promises for future Kitsu." I say defiantly and cross my arms. "I don't know what she's about."

"We're being serious here." Pigot says.

"So am I."

"If you can't be trusted to-" Costa-Brown starts.

"Don't talk to me about trust." I cut her off. "I don't want to hear it from you. Especially not you."

Mom puts a hand on my head and starts scratching my ears.

"Calm it down." She says. She then turns to the rest. "If that is all, this matter is resolved. Unless you want to take this public and force us to sign anything, we're done here."

'Fuck yeah! Lawyer Mom for the win!' I mentally cheer.

Mom is not happy at having her only two days off be taken up by this.

Armsmaster goes to say something, but is cut off by the Chief Director.

"Very well. Moving on to the next matter of business." She says. "Rachel has already been declared dead. And after extensive review of the footage. We have confirmed that it was tampered with. We can't let her back into the public in any capacity."

"Why not!?" I demand.

"Because, whoever killed her, had the skills to infiltrate the Rig unnoticed. Had it not been for your insistence on Rachel being murdered. They would've never been found." Director Costa-Brown says. "We're looking at either a singular, very good, assassin, or a team. None of which are good. But besides that. Someone good enough to infiltrate and fake footage that well, will have been good enough to confirm the kill."

"Rachel being announced to be alive would not only arise suspicion as to how it could be possible, leading them to you." Pigot says. "But would just put a target back on her."

'That's, a very good point.' I think to myself.

But I can't just let Rachel rot. It'd be no different than sending her to the Birdcage! Worse even!

"Fake identity?" I suggest.

"We're talking about a parahuman with possible Thinker and Stranger powers." Armsmaster says. "Witness protection protocols won't be enough."

He's right.

"Well, what if change her identity so much, that no one short of a mind reader could find her?" I suggest.

"Elaborate." Pigot says. Though the subtle twitch and rise in Costa-Brown's heart tells me she knows what I'm suggesting.

"Do we have a fresh wolf corpse anywhere?"

.

.

-4 hours later-

.

.

Rachel "Hellhound/Bitch" Lindt POV

.

Another fucking cell. Only this one's smaller. This is bullshit.

I woke up in a hospital bed. Panicked and heart racing. I saw the security guards and, freaked. Don't even know what it was. My heart just races anytime I see a guard.

*Kchr*

The door opens to reveal another guard. I stand up in preparation to leave. Only for the guard to hold up a hand to stop me. Before stepping aside and revealing Kitsu's tail wagging visage.

I relax at seeing her happy and unconcerned.

"Rachel!" She cries out as she slams into me.

"Mrm." I greet her and bring a hand to her head. Scratching her ears.

"Mrrrrrrrr!" She squeals. "You're the best at this." She says as she pushes her head into my hand.

'Am I supposed to respond to that?' I ask myself.

"Mm, as much as I enjoy this." She says as she steps away. "But I've got important business to do here."

"What's that?" I ask.

"Well, for one." She says. "Rachel needs to die. Or rather, stay dead."

…

"What?"

.

.

-1 hour later-

.

.

I wake up feeling sore and in pain. The last day and a half have been confusing as all hell. Apparently now I need a new body.

Kitsu had come in and told me that Rachel needed to stay dead. And asked me how attached I am to my looks. I told her that I didn't care how I looked. And she asked me bunch of other questions that boiled down to if I was okay with plastic surgery.

I said yes.

Now, here I am. On a hospital bed. Oddly warm. And itchy. And what's that smell?

'I, why do I feel a connection to, myself?' I ponder.

It's the same connection I feel to my dogs. Only, slightly weaker but, much clearer.

"Morning sleepy head!" I hear Kitsu say.

Looking over to her, I find one of the sources.

"Mortung, whab?" I try and say.

Why does my tongue feel weird!

"Yeah, sorry about that." Kitsu says. "You're going to need to relearn a lot. Talking, eating, walking."

"Wvay?"

"This is why." She says with a smile as a circle appears next to her head. Showing a brown furred, flat faced dog with a weird human like neck. Its eyes are human too. Kinda looks like you added a dog and a person together. Even has long dark brown hair.

I blink and notice it blink with me.

'Wait, that's a mirror.' I realize.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus
Trigger warning: SA, authority negligence

.
.

-MCI-Norfolk-

.

.

Third person POV

.

"Alright prisoner, enjoy your new home." The guard says as he shoves the now publically unmasked Joe Arpaio. Formerly known as Blue Hawk of the white supremacist group, Empire 88.

As soon as the doors close. The prisoners of the yard all turned to him.

"The fuck are you all looking at?!" Joe screams at the collective.

"Don't worry." A man to the side says. "You won't get no trouble from us."

Confused. Joe looks to the fellow prisoner. While many may not understand his methods. He knows what others think of him. And the prison he's in, well, here, he's the minority.

"Why's that?" Joe asks tentatively.

"Cuz, Big Bubba's already claimed you." He says with a smirk.

"The fuck is that supposed to mean?!" He yells, insulted at the word, claimed.

"Oh, you'll learn!" He hears someone else in the yard cry out.

"Big Bubba's comin back from the shitter!" Another calls.

That gets the attention of the yard as all the inmate's attention is now solely on Joe.

"Yeah? Bring him over here!" Joe calls out confidently. "Lemme see the shit heel that 'Claimed' me!"

"He's right behind you dumbass." One of the guards says as they open the gate to let in a near eight foot tall black man. With the body of an Olympic weight lifter and tattooed from head to toe. He stares down at Joe with an impassive look.

"You Joe?" He asks in a deep booming voice.

"Yeah? What's it to you?!" Joe says. Not quite understanding his position.

"Mmm, I like it when they feisty." Big Bubba says with a smile.

.

.

-Later, outside the showers-

.

.

"Get over here Joey." Bubba's voice sounds out from in the showers. "I'm feel'n romantical."

"WAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!"

"You hear something?" One of the guards asks as the sounds of screaming and rough slaps of skin on skin echo.

"You gon' learn today!"

"Nope." The other replies.

"Hmm, must've been the wind."

.

.

Bonus 2

.

.

-Missive to all Directors and those with Level 6 security access

.

.

The following is not to be released under any circumstances and is to be treated as Class-12+ Classification.

Subject: Kitsu the Case 53

Concern: Power posing possibility of mass geopolitical and civil unrest.

On Thursday of June 3rd, 2010, at the PRT Headquarters in Brockton Bay Massachusetts, United States of America, Subject Kitsu the Case 53 was shown the dead body of a loved one. Kitsu the Case 53 then proceeded to spend one hour resurrecting the individual from death. After a checkup with Panacea. It was revealed that barring issues in relation to function of the thyroid gland and the pancreas, the individual suffered no physical aftereffects.

Once conscious, the individual was fully cognizant, if confused and irritable. Suffering severe short term memory loss and agnosia over the incident of her death.

The following day, Kitsu the Case 53 was then confronted with the issue of the individual's identity. At which point she requested an animal corpse, an explanation, the individual's informed consent, and an hour of work with the individual under medical anesthesia. Kitsu created a false Case 53. Completely rearranging the individual's body to that of a canine/human hybrid.

It goes without saying. But this information cannot be reached to the public, or even within the wider government.

As such, Kitsu's Bio-Tinker classification will be locked. And this incident is being treated as the highest of classified information.

.

From: Chief Director Costa-Brown

.

.

.

.

A/N

HA! YOU THOUGHT BITCHES!

It's Christmas for Fuck's sake. I'm not that evil.

.

In regards to Rachel not being mentioned in the bonuses of the Good Ending. That's because there was nothing to mention. Rachel never got assassinated in that ending. The Good Ending is a world where theobjectively best possible outcome occurred. Rachel completed her therapy in four years. Got a basic education to read and write. And went back to the bay to run her dog shelter.

The Good Ending is non canon. There may be some elements that'll be the same in the true ending. But the Good Ending is not the True Ending.

Rachel being a dog girl is more in line with the Chaotic Ending.

I just have to get further along in the story so that there aren't any spoilers. And I won't be writing the Bad Ending any time soon.

.

Also, for those who are curious.

Agnosia is the inability to correctly or accurately remember details of an event due to head trauma.

Amnesia is the loss of memory as a result of head trauma.

The difference being is that while with agnosia you will still remember an event that happened. Amnesia being that you just won't have any memory of the event.

.

Now for the reviews.

Aleucard: Yes, voodoo bullshit is voodoo.

T4ndoris: Doggo redemption shall be EXTRA doggo!

Kaykaykaykayan: He wishes he was dead.

Oneoddtod: Been waiting for the right moment. I want a true Doggo Rachel.

SonicTundra: OKAY! I get it, no lemons.

StormySpartan: Like I said, they're not cannon. And already the good ending you saw is not viable. But I get it. I'll keep any non canons more vague and less spoiler possible.

Gogmazios: You're welcome.

Grimnosh: Bad Canary got sent to the Birdcage over accidentally mutilating one person. Amy got sent for the same thing.

And Rachel killed more than one person. There's a reason she was labeled a violent sociopath.

And Coil isn't killing her because of the base. It's because she knows the other's identities. And if Lisa is captured, his identity is at risk.

Firefly9202002: She didn't.

Orumon: Yep.

RadChaos897: MWAHAHAHAHA!

I accept all the Chibi assaults! I, fear, NOTHING!

Also, I still don't get the reference. Sorry.

As for JoJo Senku? Google it. Kitsu has a Jotaro outfit.

And only one person voted for lemons. So, no lemons.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

RadChaos897: If you wouldn't mind me suggesting a character to add to the story, then could you add Razputin Aquato from Psychonauts? You don't have to if you don't want to, I just thought I should try. You miss 100% of the shots you don't take, amiright?

Newb: I've literally never heard of Psychonauts. So, no. It's not an aversion to it. I just don't feel comfortable writing a character I don't know.

.

FOR [Conduit]!

RadChaos897: Do you identify yourself as a [Traveler] Shard anymore? You've effectively abandoned the [Traveler], so what does that make you now? A loner Shard perhaps? It would be pretty ironic considering there is a [Loner] Entity, maybe you two would get along?

[Conduit]: [Response: No; This Unit Is Unlikely To Return To Gestate; Designation; [Wanderer]] [This Unit Is Unlikely To Interact With [Loner] Of Its Own Volotion]

RadChaos897: Since Shards are, well, shards of a bigger entity, how much of the [Traveler]'s personality has rubbed off on you? Do you get the urge to travel? See the universe and explore the galaxies? Or is the personality of an Entity strictly bound to the Shard that houses the Entity's main consciousness?

[Conduit]: [Response; None] [This Unit, Is a Deviant]

RadChaos897: How different is one network of Shards from another? You've been around quite a few [Warrior] and [Thinker] Shards, are there any noteworthy differences when compared to the [Traveler]'s Shards?

[Conduit]: [Response: Varies From Entity To Entity]

RadChaos897: What do Shards need to sustain themselves? I know it's energy, but what kind? Does it even really matter or is it a matter of preference? Do you personally prefer thermal or quantum? If there was such a thing as energy flavored ice cream, what would it taste like?

[Conduit]: [Response: Pure Energy; No Flavors; Energy Is Energy]

.

FOR KITSU!

RadChaos897: Here's a list of pick-up lines.

Kitsu: I am one hundred percent using those!

.

FOR MISSY?

.

RadChaos897: Just thought to toss one of these at you to use on Kitsu when you get that chance, also because it fits with what you might say to her.

"Did you sit on a pile of sugar? Because you've got a pretty sweet butt!"

Missy: No.

.

LIMITED TIME ONLY!

NEXT ONE IS THE LAST!

(Good Ending) FUTURE MISSY BIRON!

Grimnosh: Did you ever warp space to air drop thrown pies onto Hookwolf when he was out in public? You could have make a campaign about it from every time he goes out to rampage and gets a pie (or more then one) to the face to when he steps out of the dog fighting warehouse to go home and gets pied after a step or two. Especially considering that you could do this from the next city over... and considering that you could use any pie from Boston Cream to apple to cow pie (just need to get the tin in the right place {or warp space from the nearest cow} before deployment for extra freshness)

Missy Biron: No spoilers.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.
Last edited: Jun 4, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, macdjord and 166 others
Newb to the game
Jun 3, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 44 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jun 6, 2024
Add bookmark
#377
A/N The New Ward

Alt title: Tail wagging excitement!

.

Call me Santa you Ho Ho Ho's! Because I got a present for y'all!
Edit: it was Christmas when I released this chapter.
.

Rachel looks like Elza from Ishozoku Reviewers. Just, shorter jaw and slightly smaller chest.

And no pseudo penis.

Her new breaker state makes her look like a cross of Enid's Wolf Out from Wednesday, and the Skyrim werewolf.

Which now that I think about it, look very similar as is. Oh well! That's the joy of reading. It's up to your interpretation.

Her power to enhance dogs is different now as well. Instead of flesh monstrosities they're now more like hulked out dire wolves. All things considered, they're actually a little weaker than before. Sacrificing raw bulk for mobility and utility.

[Conduit] had to leave when Kitsu was reconnecting neurons. So some things got mixed.

.

Got a lot of reviews this time. I love it!

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Friday, June 4 th, Dallon House, 6pm-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"So, any idea when they'll be back?" I ask Vicky from across the couch where she's laying, texting on her phone.

Kitsu has been at the Rig since this morning. And I'm stuck here with Vicky and Amy while Mr. Dallon is waiting to pick her and Mrs. Dallon up.

"Nnnnope." She says as she texts on her phone. "Hey, quick question."

"Hmm? Shoot." I perk up and say.

"You and Kitsu, how?" She asks.

"What do you mean?" I ask as I feel a small blush creep up my neck.

"How do you two, y'know?" She says and makes a fist bumping gesture.

"We don't! That's, we! Even if! That is none of your business!" I cry out as my face burns.

"Not like that!" She defends. "I mean how do you two work. How do you two just, get along?"

"Oh, well, I'unno." I shrug. "We just, do."

"There's gotta be some secret." Vicky says. "What about when you argue?"

"We don't really argue a lot." I say, placing a finger to my lip as I think. "But, when we do. Depends on who's in the wrong. If I am, well then, I apologize. If Kitsu is, then either she'll apologize, or we just drop it."

Kitsu doesn't like admitting she's wrong. But she's not above it. If I'm really upset, she'll apologize. But other than that, it's more of a silent realization. We both know she's wrong, but neither of us will say it.

"What if you're right, and the other doesn't know it?" She asks.

"Huh?"

That made no sense.

"Nevermind." She says.

She returns to texting on her phone as I sit and watch TV. I'm watching a new Earth-Aleph sitcom on Disney. Good Luck Charlie. Kitsu likes it and I think it's pretty good.

I've met Firebreather and I'll say he acts just like PJ. Confident, aloof, and airheaded to the point that it's equal parts adorable and frustrating.

"What about Dean?" She asks. "Weren't you crushing on him?"

"You knew about that?!" I ask in a sudden panic.

"Everyone knew about that." Vicky says. "But still, you, Dean, now Kitsu. Spill."

"Why do you want to know?" I ask as my face burns again.

"I'm just curious." She shrugs. "I've recently learned my gaydar is broken."

"Huh?" I ask.

"Okay, so. I'm looking to change up my hero outfit, right?" Vicky starts unloading. "And I'm telling Crystal this. She says she has a friend two years older in the designer's arts who's looking to be a professional clothes designer. Well, I go to see her, and we get to talking and all that. I asked if she has a boyfriend, and she says she's not interested in that, and we get talking further. Only for me later learn from Crystal that she's gay." She finishes her tangents.

I'm kinda used to sitting through rants like this. I will say Kitsu's rants are more fun to sit through. She just gets to animated when she talks! It's adorable! Head bobs, hip wiggles, hand gestures, all of it!

"Okay, what does, any of that have to do with, anything?" I ask.

"Well, I just looked back and realized everyone who's gay in my life I thought was straight." She says. "Kitsu, Amy, you, Sabah, like, what the fuck? Is there something I'm missing?"

"Um, I'm not, sure?" I say awkwardly, starting to get very uncomfortable with this line of questioning.

"I've asked Ames and she just ignores me over the subject, me and Kitsu aren't, we don't get along." She says. "Which leaves you and Reddit."

"I don't know what to tell you." I say honestly before a thought pops in my head. "Wait, if you knew I liked Dean. Then why didn't you ever say anything?"

"Pfft, that? I wasn't worried." She says with a wave. "Not like anything would've happened."

Okay, ouch.

"Something could've!" I defend, not quite okay with the thought of my first crush being written off so casually.

"Like what?" She challenges with a smirk. "I've known Dean for years. And you're not his type."

Just as I'm about to say something, I feel a large space of where my power can't effect move into the driveway. Focusing in on it. I can kind of distinguish three separate spaces. Two adult human ones. And one smaller one that I recognize the shape of.

Kitsu's tail gives her a unique shape in my spacial sense. What with all of its fluff. Interesting note. I can affect hair and nails and other such things that are dead. But only after they're removed from the body. A weird limitation of mine. Making it that I can affect non living things so long as they're separate from the living thing. Unless that living thing is a plant. Then it's just more difficult.

I wait eagerly for my snuggle bug. And as I do, I imagine that if I had a tail it'd be wagging like crazy.

The door opens to reveal Mr. Dallon, followed by Mrs. Dallon. And then Kitsu who's in a perfect replica of Mrs. Dallons suit!

Ohmygosh that's adorable the way they match!

"Uno momento." She says and speeds off.

About a minute later she returns in red plaid pajama bottoms and a black tee. The pajama bottoms being almost the same kind as the ones I've seen Mr. Dallon wear early in the morning.

She then tiredly trudges her way over to me and crawls onto the couch. Face planting into the arm as she lays her stomach over my lap.

"Um, nice to see you?" I say gingerly. "You've been gone a while. I heard what happened."

"Mrmm." She grumbles and takes my hand, putting it on her head. "Scratches."

She probably doesn't want to talk about it. So I just get to work doing as she asked. Enjoying the way her tail starts swishing and swaying as I scratch.

This is one of my favorite parts of our relationship. How easy it is to just melt with her. I mean, I wish she was sitting in my lap as opposed to lying down. Holding her in my arms.

Mr. And Mrs. Dallon are whispering about something, and Vicky is still on her phone.

Kitsu pushes herself up and readjusts herself. Sitting in my lap now! Yes! Cuddles!

I bring an arm around and squeeze her into me as we nuzzle. She puts her arms around my neck as we squeeze our cheeks together. I'm still scratching her ears too. So, I get her doing that cute wiggle she does as her tail wags.

"Hey Missy?" She asks.

"Hmm?" I ask.

"Kisses." She says. "I want kisses."

My face heats up as I remember the last time we kissed.

No one told me she started wearing lipstick! I don't pay attention to her lips! Anytime I look at her face I'm too busy getting lost in her eyes. Several people took pictures and were cooing all day. And I didn't know until after my patrol was over and Mr. Dallon pointed it out!

"Um, here?" I ask as I look to the other three people in the room.

Kitsu looks around at the other three as well before she hops up. She grabs my hand and pulls me up before dragging me along with her to the hall.

"What are you doing?" Mrs. Dallon asks.

"I'm taking Missy to my room to make out." She says shamelessly. "She's shy."

"Haaaa." I try and scream something. But my voice has left me in my embarrassment.

I can't even look anywhere as my face burns in mortification.

"Door stays open." Mrs. Dallon says seriously. "And if I walk by and a single article of clothing is missing then Missy's going home and you're grounded."

"Kay!" She says happily and drags me and my red face along.

"Why would you say that?" my voice squeaks.

"Because if I said anything that wasn't the truth she'd have gotten upset." She says simply. "And I'm too tired and lazy to come up with something clever."

"Couldn't you just said we were cuddling?" I whine as we reach her room.

"We can do that too." She says with a smile. "But she'd have gotten upset when she walked by and saw us kissing."

"Couldn't you just keep an ear out for her." I suggest, desperate to avoid what just happened in the future.

"Can't." She says with a shrug. "I'd be too busy trying to get the cutest girl in the world to kiss me."

'Oh, so that's the game we're playing now?' I think deviously.

"I can see why that would be distracting." I say deviously. "I can't imagine it'd be easy to kiss yourself."

That gets a reaction. As her face heats up, her tail wags like crazy and her ears splay back. Her eyes, glowing in the dim light of her room widening.

"That, I, you!" She stutters. "You don't just get to anti my pick up line!" She pouts.

"Too bad." I say with a smile as I cross my arms. "I just did."

.

.

.

.

Wednesday, June 16th, The Rig, 9am-

.

.

Lyra POV

.

I wake up with Brutus and Judas on either side of me. Angelica on my back. I can't sleep on my back anymore. My new tail won't allow it. But that's fine. It's a very small price to pay.

Pushing up with my arms, popping my spine as Angelica wakes up and crawls off my back. Spooking Brutus awake as she lands on his side and crawls off of him.

I stretch up and arch back as I get on my knees and push up. Further stretching as I wake up. Judas wakes as I move, and he cocks his head back to look up at me. Before slapping his head back down with a huff, deciding to be lazy until needed.

They all look different now. Angelica has two eyes now and all her scars are gone. Brutus and Judas's coat patterns are different. And Judas's coat is a darker tone as well. All courtesy of Kitsu in order to help me hide.

When I first woke up. I spent a whole day just staring in a mirror. Moving my mouth as I got used to my new, well, mouth. Relearning how to walk was the next day. And the day after that. And I'm still relearning a few things.

My new height, my new proportions, still getting used to seeing my nose so far out in front of my face. And that's not even mentioning the smells! It's not that I smell things more strongly, but I can separate things more easily. My tail is annoying. But I love it. Same can be said for my fur.

Everything is so warm now. And I don't sweat anymore. So that's new. I sleep naked now and have to wear special clothes.

Or at least, they offered special clothes. I declined. Instead, I go naked as much as I can when in private. And in public I just wear elastic shorts and a loose tee. Mainly because my new transformation will just rip right through anything else. Shoes are a no. My new pads are strong enough for just about any kind of terrain anyway.

Rachel is dead. Forever. Basically, if I go by Rachel, someone will try and kill me again. Even if they're found and stopped, people will freak out over me being brought back to life and transformed into a Case 53.

I don't see why it's a bad thing. And they kept trying to explain it to me. Kitsu explained it best.

People are weird. Groups of people are weirder. If I mess up and people learn I'm Rachel, she'll have to change me back.

Needless to say Rachel is dead. Gone, buried and forgotten.

I head to my connected bathroom. Another beautiful addition to my new body. I can bathe with my dogs. Before the soap was bad to risk keeping on me. Now, with my new skin it's perfect. There are no issues.

I give a long whistle to the three. And they follow me to the tub. Ready to wash up for my meeting with my future teammates.

Relearning my whistles was another thing. Brutus and Judas took a bit of getting used to me. And Angelica was hostile the moment she saw me. New look, new voice, new smell. I was a stranger to them.

Once I relearned how to do my whistles though. They fell in line. And after a while they even started to recognize me for who I was. My pack is now that, a real pack.

Life couldn't be better.

Well, maybe with a few more additions to my pack.

I still need to work with them on relearning how to move while transformed. That's for later though.

.

.

-The Rig, 4pm-

.

.

Carlos "Aegis" POV

.

"So, what do you think this new Case 53's gonna look like?" Dennis asks.

"Dunno, don't care." I say with a shrug. "I just hope they're not another Shadow Stalker."

"Yeah, that's, agreed." Dennis says awkwardly as we both spare a glance to the girl in question. Currently arguing with Vergil and flipping him off at the counter.

Seriously. Girl's a total bitch. Any target is a viable one. She constantly targets Missy and Vergil as well. She'd better thank the gods above that Missy prefers to take care of her issues herself and hasn't told Kitsu anything.

Kitsu is, it's one of those, if you know you know things. There's a reason Kitsu was put on the priority list before she joined New Wave. Her power and inconsistent behavior made her such a risk. And her rapidly evolving power set only proves it.

Before her powers were high brute, high mover, minor shaker. Now she's high brute, high mover, high shaker, mid striker, low blaster, mid thinker, mid tinker, low stranger, low changer.

And there's a chance she's still not done growing. She's like an uber Dauntless. Only instead of enhancing objects over time with random properties. She's enhancing herself.

It's a good thing she's on our side. She genuinely terrified me when she said she would just wait for me to be injured to see how my power works.

Part of me fears she might do it herself.

As me and Dennis keep chatting. More people filter into the Wards common room. Dean, Missy, Assault. Battery's been off lately. Started her extended vacation yesterday. Even some of New Wave is here. Kitsu, though that's not a surprise. Kitsu's here most days Missy is. Vicky and now Brandish are here.

Finally, Miss Militia and Armsmaster filter in.

"Shadow Stalker, Static Shock, behave." Armsmaster says to the bickering two.

It's hilarious how they've only been on three patrols together. And the tabloids are already going haywire over them. Most think they're brother and sister. With how they bicker and argue all the time. Not to mention they're both SS.

Better than Assault and Battery. Some think they're siblings. Some think they're married.

And then there's the small number who think they're both.

Hell, I've read some of MainProtagonist's fanfics. They get wild. There's even one where Miss Militia is secretly mastering all of us to be her private harem.

Not that I've read all of it or anything.

"Alright, in a few moments we'll have our new Ward come in and introduce herself." Armsmaster says as he addresses all of us. "I trust you all read the missive sent out to you?"

A chorus of affirmation rings out. And Armsmaster frowns.

"You are all aware my lie detector works in groups, correct?" He says. "Try again."

This time it's a chorus of yes and no's. Dennis being one of the one's to change his answer.

"There weren't any pictures, so I just skimmed it." He says with a shrug.

"Next time a team wide missive is sent out." Armsmaster says sternly. "Read it."

Can't wait till I graduate and get transferred away from this asshole. I'll miss the rest. But being under his command sucks.

"Now, for those of you who didn't read it. We're here to introduce the newest Ward. The reason for the unusual circumstances behind her debut in the team being her unique circumstances." He starts off. "For one, she is a Case 53. So, any offensive remarks regarding her unusual appearance will be regarded as targeted hate speech. The second item being that she's high functioning."

"What's he mean by that?" Dennis asks me in a whisper.

"Autistic." I whisper back.

"Great, another snowflake." Sophia says.

*Smack*

A resounding smack rings out as Sophia's head flies to the side.

"Argh!" She cries out. "Fucking bitch!"

"Kitsu!" Armsmaster yells.

"What?!" She asks with a shrug and a devious smile.

"I understand her words were upsetting but you should allow us to handle it." Armsmaster says as Miss Militia shakes her head.

"Why do you just assume it was me?" She asks with a frown.

'Because you're literally the only one here with the powers to let you do that unseen?' I snark in my head.

Not that I blame her. I'd do it too if I could get away with it.

"So you're saying it wasn't you?" He challenges.

"I plead the fifth." She says and crosses her arms.

"Moving on." Miss Militia cuts in. "I'll go and get her."

She heads out while Armsmaster and Kitsu have a stare down.

"So, what'd you think she looks like?" Dennis asks.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I'm not sorry. Hell, I'd have choked the bitch out if I didn't know she'd be able to phase out of it.

Mom and Vicky are here. Vicky wants to meet the new Ward. We tried to subtly discourage her from being here. But Vicky doesn't do subtlety. So she's here as well.

And it's not like anyone can tell her that the new Ward is really the girl she pissed off when she curb stomped her dog through a fire escape. For one we're all under strict NDA's. But that's besides the point. Back to now!

Missy is sitting next to me at the table. Normally she'd be sitting closer to me or even encouraging me to sit in her lap, but Mom's been giving her the side eye. That or this being an official Ward meeting is putting Missy in professional mode. She gets like that whenever Miss Militia or Armsmaster are around.

I can't really tell without turning to look at herrrrrrrr.

She's petting my tail!

I snap around to see her running her fingers through my fur. Giving me a soft smile as though she didn't just do what she did.

"You were upset." She says and scooches over.

"Apology accepted." I mumble as I turn back to face the front of the room.

"I wasn't apologizing." She says as she pushes her chair to have us hip to hip.

"Let me fantasize." I say defiantly.

She's about to say something else. But she's stopped by Miss Militia coming in with Rach- Lyra right behind her. Wearing baggy shorts and a baggy tee shirt.

I named her! It's cute and makes me think of Lycan, you know, like Latin for wolf. Lyra, Lycan. Fuck you it's clever!

She's a bit taller and slimmer than before. With an athletic runners build. Powerful legs and toned upper body. It's just a shame that all that fur hides her toned physique. Aside from that she's basically a furry. Normal legs, normal arms. Though I gave her muscles a bit of extra density. One kick from her could crack a fully grown man's ribcage. She has silky long dark brown, almost black, hair. And her tail is similar.

She's just staring out at everyone. Eyes glued to the back wall.

"Go ahead, introduce yourself." Miss Militia whispers.

"Um, my name is Lyra." She says in a silky smooth voice.

I made that different too. My goal was to make her entire being as physically distinct from Rachel Lindt as possible. And luckily. Due to me having to reconnect her Corona Gemma all by myself with no help from [Conduit] outside of them informing me how. I, messed up a little and tweaked her power a bit.

No more flesh monsters. Now they're bigger dogs. Much bigger and ferocious. But not like before. Angelica grows to look like a Hell Pig with a whip tail. Brutus is like a furry Gorgonopsid. And Judas looks like a giant furry Hyaenodon. Meanwhile she grows to look like a hulked out werewolf.

They're actually a bit weaker. More susceptible to damage. But a lot faster and more agile. In layman's terms, they went down one brute rating and up one mover rating. Less fit for direct combat and more for terrain traversal and blitz tactics.

Lyra has no issues over this. It keeps her dogs out of danger and keeps her as pack leader.

"Okay, why is she somehow hot?" I hear Dennis whisper to Carlos. "Like, damn! Crush me with those thighs am I right?"

"Give me a second." Carlos says after a moment. "I need to process your stupidity."

Vicky meanwhile floats over to just in front of face and holds out her hand.

"Hi! I'm Vic-"

Only to get stopped as she gets a full force punch to the face that knocks her back.

"Ha!" Sophia laughs. "I take back everything I said. I like her!"

.

.

-1 Hour Later-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"Still don't get what her deal is." Vicky complains.

"You were told she has social difficulties." I tell her.

"How was I supposed to know she'd deck me?!"

"Tone." I say and glare at her. "And the missive mentioned she gets upset and irritated at direct eye contact."

I can't really inform her that it's also the fact she manhandled her dogs a bit before she was captured.

"Weeeeeeeeee!"

And that would be Kitsu.

She's riding around on the smaller dog. Now less of a dog and more of a dire wolf with a whip like tail and long rectangular jaws.

Couldn't change their names. But luckily the only ones who know Hellhounds dog's names are her former teammates. And even then, their forms are now different. So long as Lyra doesn't give away her main three dog's names. There shouldn't be an issue.

I did learn that Assault is a former villain! Kitsu revealed it when arguing for Lyra's addition to the Wards. Kitsu knows so much that she shouldn't, it gives her a scary amount of influence over the PRT.

Actually. With recent developments, Kitsu has so much more influence than I think she realizes. For all intents and purposes. If her trump power keeps enhancing her, then she's likely to be as strong as Scion by the time she's thirty. Already she's displayed far more abilities than first thought.

"This is awesome!" Kitsu cries as the beast starts running on the walls. Digging its claws into the reinforced surface.

'It's just a good thing she has yet to realize it.' I think to myself as I watch her ride the beast around the training room.

Lyra is off to the side talking to Vista. About what? I'm not sure. But Vista seems intent on keeping the conversation going.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"So, what's your favorite color?" I ask the new Ward.

Everyone seemed to unanimously designate me as the go between for Lyra. The reasoning? I handle Kitsu well enough.

"Don't have one." She says simply.

She won't look me in the eye. But that's fine. I actually read the missive they sent out. It's why I'm keeping my visor on. Eye contact makes her uncomfortable. And we all saw how she reacted to Vicky invading her personal space.

It was very sudden. Like a reflex.

"Well, what about dogs?" I ask.

One of her ears perks towards me and her tail sways a bit. Though her face gives no indication that she even heard me.

'She's like a less animated Kitsu.' I realize. 'Her animal traits display her mood.'

"What about them?" She asks.

"What's your favorite kind?" I ask.

She just stands there for a bit. Leaning against the wall as she watches Kitsu ride the smaller of the three hulked out dogs. We're training the less mobile of us to ride them. Dennis and Sophia mostly. Sophia's having no problem. Dennis on the other hand can't keep a grip.

Kitsu is just having fun.

"Mutts." She finally answers.

"Why's that?" I ask.

"They're healthier than purebreds." She says. "Hate that name."

"Why?" I ask. "Personally, I like corgi's."

"Purebred is bullshit talk for inbred." She says, her ears splaying back as her voice gains a bit of a growl.

"How is that?" I ask. Hoping to keep the conversation going.

"All dogs are one species. Purebred is when you inbreed traits to get a specific looking dog. And you keep inbreeding it to make sure it stays pure." She explains, her nose now scrunching. "It's sick."

I'll, have to check in on that. See if it's true.

"Yeah, that's, not a pleasant image." I agree.

If it is then I think she just ruined my favorite dog.

"That's why mutts are better." She says. "It's how dogs are supposed to be."

She stops her actions and bolts over. Hulking out in quick succession as her baggy clothes fill out. She runs and tackles Dennis to the ground.

Calming my panic at the sudden aggression. And the frightful sight of a werewolf holding Dennis down. I take in the scene.

"What did you do!?" She growls.

Looking around, I see what she means.

The dog Dennis was on is frozen. Judas, I think.

And now Lyra is frozen. And now the other dogs are charging at Dennis who is pinned to the floor. Though they're losing their bulk and turning back to normal.

Kitsu meanwhile is running back and forth. Keeping the depowered dogs from reaching Dennis while we wait out Lyra's stasis.

"In my defense!" Dennis shouts. "This wasn't intentional!"

.

.

-Later-

.

.

So, after that was sorted. We're back in the common room. Masks off as we chat and eat. Lyra's dogs are here too. Brutus is waiting patiently next to Lyra. Judas is lazing about on the couch and any attempts to move him have proven unsuccessful. And Angelica?

"Nyang nyang nyang nyang!" Kitsu says as she makes a grabbing claw motion over the growling terrier.

"Raah ah aah, raaaah! Rah! Rah!" She growls back as she swings her head side to side. Snapping at Kitsu's hand.

It's kind of cute!

"Are you okay with Kitsu doing that?" I ask Lyra.

"Why wouldn't I be?" She asks.

"Isn't it mean?" I ask.

"They're playing."

"Nyaaaaaaah!" Kitsu growls out as she attacks the terriers chest. Forcing it to bite her hand and grab it with its front legs.

"Rrrr! Rrrr! Rrrrrrrrr!" It growls as it twists its jaws and seemingly tries to wrench her hand from her arm.

Kitsu meanwhile puts it on its back and scratches its chest.

"Aaaaaaaaaah!" Kitsu growls as she shakes the dog slightly. Before letting up and go of the dog.

Who proceeds to do the same and just licks her hand after it gets up. Tail wagging and nothing of note to indicate anything is wrong.

"Angelica seems to like Kitsu." I say. Noting the overly aggressive dogs oddly calm behavior.

It's always the small ones that seem to hold all the hatred of and for humanity in them.

"Mrm." Lyra grunts.

"Nyang, nyang, nyaaaang." Kitsu starts again.

Lyra gives a short, high pitched whistle that gets her dogs to rush over to her. Judas jumps off the couch and Angelica runs over from Kitsu.

"Aaaaaw." Kitsu whines as Angelica leaves her.

"I'm going back to my room." She says and gets up to leave.

"Did you have a good day?" Kitsu asks as she walks up to Lyra. "I know this wasn't easy for you. And the whole thing with Dennis could've gone better."

"I said I was sorry!"

"But at least you have a place now!" She says.

Lyra just stares at Kitsu for a bit. Looking closely, I notice that neither are looking each other in the eyes. And are actually staring at each other's ears.

Before Lyra raises a hand and puts it on Kitsu's head. Kitsu's tail twitches for half a second before she starts moaning.

"Mmmmmrrrrrm. How are you so good at this?" She moans as she presses her head harder into Lyra's hand. Her tail drooping and wagging.

'Why don't I ever get a reaction like that?!' I whine with jealousy.

She's practically melting, glowing, and throwing herself onto Lyra all at once!

"Rmm, I had an alright day." She says and walks off, her own tail swaying gently behind her.

I get up and follow her.

"I'll be right back." I say and roughly grab Kitsu to squish her against me and give her a strong kiss.

"Hmmrm?!" She squeaks as she tenses and relaxes.

I let go and jog after Lyra.

"Oh, okay." Kitsu says in a cutesy shy voice from behind me.

Kitsu likes kisses. She really likes kisses that I initiate. And it's fun catching her off guard. Especially as revenge for how she embarrasses me in public.

And don't get me started on the day she straight up told Mr. and Mrs. Dallon she was dragging me to her room to make out!

As revenge for the humiliation there were no kisses that day.

I use my warping to catch up to Lyra. Pinching the hall and walking right next to her.

"Hey sooo, I gotta request." I say.

"What?" She says simply.

"That thing you did with Kitsu, just a few seconds ago." I start seriously. "How do I do it?"

.

.

-Friday, June 18th, Dallon House, 5pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I open the door and nearly tackle hug the girl on the other side.

"Missy!" I say excitedly to my girlfriend before dragging her into the house.

"Do just like, live here part time?" Amy asks the couch.

"Um, no?" Missy responds.

"Hey!" I say in her defense. "Just because you're upset you can't get a cute blonde girlfriend doesn't mean you get to attack mine!"

Amy just flips me off with a glare.

"Mlln!" I stick my tongue out. "Come on Missy, let's leave the spinster to her devices."

"Spinster?" Amy repeats back as I drag Missy through the house.

"So, what are we doing today?" She asks.

"Eh, I don't have anything planned." I answer honestly. Not.

"What about your plants?" She asks. "Don't you have a bunch of ideas you want to try out?"

"I do, but most of them require more space than I have her." I tell her as we make our way to the backyard. "So, I'm just waiting for the Ferry to be finished."

"When is that going to be done?" She asks.

"End of the month." She answers. "We're actually celebrating the station being done. And everyone else being able to move in next week."

"Oh!" She says. "I didn't know that."

"I completely forgot about it." I say as we make it to the back door. Stepping around Dad's old bike.

He's never fixing it. He just refuses to get rid of it.

We make it outside where I have a picnic blanket and a basket set up.

"What's this?" She asks.

"You know how I said today was a lazy day?" I say.

"Yeah?"

"I lied." I say and drag her down the patio porch steps.

"Date night!" I say excitedly as I guide her along. "A proper one you can enjoy! I know you don't like when we're constantly in the public eye. So I set this up as a surprise!"

She just stares at me for a bit before taking off her purple sunglasses. Smiling and giving me a kiss on the cheek.

"I love it!" She says with a smile.

She has such a beautiful smile. And the way she has a light blush is just perfect!

"So, what'd my adorable little snuggle bug make me?" She asks.

"Mrrrrm!" I squeal and stomp my foot. "You know you're one of the only people who're allowed to call me little, right?"

"I'm also one of the only people allowed to kiss you." She points out. "But I don't see you pointing that out."

"Yeah, well, that's." I try, but fail, to come up with a retort. "I made sandwiches!"

"What kind?" She asks as she walks to the blanket and sits on her knees next to the basket.

I rush over there and open the picnic basket. Setting out plates and cups. Pulling a bottle that looks like a wine bottle with fancy wine. But it is just sparkling grape juice.

"I'unno if it has a name." I say. "But it's turkey, roast beef, lettuce, tomato, baby swiss, smoked gouda, and I have condiments."

I also cut the sandwich into those little serving sizes with little umbrellas in each of them. I couldn't find any little flags. I set the paper wrapped sandwich out and unfold the brown paper. I reach in the basket and pull out plastic tins with desert sushi. Then some ritz crackers and spray cheese.

"Spray cheese?" She asks with a smile and a small laugh.

"Hey, I ran out of allowance money and couldn't get a cheese platter." I defend.

"Aren't you a trillionaire or something?" She asks as leans over and puts a hand on the blanket to steady herself.

"Millionaire, and I only get twenty five dollars a week to spend as I like." I tell her.

"Why?" She asks.

"Well, because all that money is from a bounty, and I can't claim that money for myself until I'm eighteen. It goes to my legal guardian. But that money is still mine. Any use of it needs my signature, and my legal guardian's signature." I explain. "So, no. Mom only let's me use it on things she approves of."

"And the allowance?" She asks.

"I have no real concept of monetary value. So I get twenty five dollars a week as an allowance to teach me the value of money until I gain unrestricted access to my fortune."

To say nothing of the money I've earned from my plants through the PRT. Mostly the Eclipse Flower. Turns out green energy is major business for the government. And I'm making at least five a week. Because I'm the only one who can make them, I get to set my own prices. Granted any the PRT request are a fixed price of six hundred a flower. Not bad considering in one day a single flower can produce enough electricity to power a bedroom. For a day. Twenty could power a three bedroom house.

I'm spit balling here. I have no actual reference. Just the basic numbers the lab coats told me.

"So, all this took your allowance?" She asks.

"Well, between the basket, the food, and the drink. Yes?" I say uncertainly.

"That's sweet." She says with a smile. "I love it."

The sincerity of her response gets me blushing. And I have to look away or I'll melt under her smile.

"You're so perfect." She says suddenly.

"Huh?" My ears perk up, but I don't dare look.

"You're so sweet to me. You go out of your way to make sure I feel special, you tease and joke with that beautiful voice of yours, you fill any room you're in with so much energy. You make me want to be with you." She lists off.

"You, you can stop anytime now." I squeak out.

"I don't think I will." She says deviously. "You're super cute. And I mean it. From the way you smile, the way you blush. To how even right now with how your tail is going crazy! And with how your ears are splayed back, I just can't!" She gushes.

Meanwhile I'm fighting a losing battle to keep my composer. Am I in heat again? This lovesick happy go lucky feeling feels familiar.

Looking in I see I'm not in heat. I'm just a sucker for sweet talk.

Good to know.

"Well, you, well." I try but can't of anything. "You have soft lips! And, and, aaaaaah!"

"Aaw, is my snuggle bug flustered?" She teases with a smile and an adorable giggle.

"Staaaahhhp!" I whine/beg.

"Hmm, no." She says and leans forward to kiss me. Catching me off guard as she closes her eyes.

She separates a few seconds later and opens her eyes with a smile.

"There, those soft lips you love so much." She says.

"Aaaaaaah!" I cry out.

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

I round the corner to the back hall. Finally finding my target at the back door. Along with Vicky.

"Hey Mark."

"Shh!" He hushes me.

"Excuse me?" I say and put a hand to my hip.

He just waves me over to see what he and Vicky are looking at.

Curiosity peaked. I peer over them to look out the back window next to the door.

And see the most adorable sight ever. In the middle of the yard. Kitsu blushing and trying to hide behind her tail as Missy tries to feed her. On a picnic blanket with a basket and everything. And-

"Oh, that's where the wine glasses went." I softly mutter.

"I told her she could." Mark whispers.

"So what's going on?" I ask.

"Kitsu's been saving her allowance to set this up for her and Missy." He explains. "Me and Vicky are snooping."

"Keeping an eye out!" Vicky whisper shouts.

"You're literally recording this." He points out.

"I plead the fifth." She says.

Well, I got nothing better to do.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

This isn't fair!

This is supposed to fluster her! Not me!

"Come on." She teases. "Say ah~"

She holds a sushi roll out for me.

I move my tail down and open my mouth. Accepting my fate and backfired plan of pampering my girlfriend.

It's a California sushi roll. It's good.

"You're so cute when I feed you." Missy says with a smile.

"Mrrrrrrmmmm!"

And I'm back behind my tail.

.

.

-Meanwhile, Coil's Base-

.

.

Thomas "Coil" Calvert POV

.

Okay, let us try this again.

.

-Timeline 1-

I stay in my base.

.

-Timeline 2-

I head out of the base and head home. Making it through the front building. And into my car. I start it and begin driving.

I make it to the first traffic stop.

*Rrrrrrrrrrrrnnn*

Only to look up as a car is thrown right at me.

-Timeline 2 forcefully closed-

-Timeline 1 auto selected-

.

"Fraaaagh!" I exclaim at my desk. "Damn it."

Dying in a timeline is never pleasant. And I'm becoming more and more acquainted with the sensation.

"Okay, this is targeted." I determine.

.

-Timeline 1-

I later call Tattletale for a round of questioning.

.

-Timeline 2-

I call some of my men stationed in the city. And order them to "escort" Tattletale to the warehouse for, questioning.

One way or another. I'm getting to the bottom of this. I've been stuck in my base for three days at this point. I have covers put in place for this very scenario. But those are only meant to hold for a month or two at best. Afterword I'll need to have my death faked. Or risk my identity being exposed.

I have it so that my faked death can be reversed. It wouldn't be the first time a someone's been falsely declared dead only to show up sometime later.

But it's a hassle. And a last resort.

Hmm, I might have Tattletale escorted here later in a throwaway. Participate in some, stress release.

Not like it truly matters. She won't remember what happened to her because it'll never have happened.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Ward Database

.

Name: Lyra

Class to be determined

Sex: Female

Gender Identity: Female

Sexual orientation: Heterosexual

Relationships: N/A

Age: 14-16, General consensus of 15.

Height: 5ft 5in

Weight: 120-130lbs

Ethnicity: N/A

Hair Color: Dark Brown

Eye Color: Brown

Unusual Features/Markings: Case 53, Lyra is a teenage girl of above average height for her apparent age. However, she is covered head to toe in brown fur of varying shades. Has hardened black nails, and pads on her hands and feet similar to that of a wolf or dog. Perked ears that rest on top of her head and a medium length tail with long dark brown fur similar to her hair. She has an extended jaw and nose similar to, but smaller than that of a typical canine. Her jaws being stronger than average and containing more teeth than a normal human at 38. As well as said teeth being more canine than hominid in structure.

Outside of this her body is proportioned in a manner normally associated with that of the average human female.

.

Classification: Secondary Classification number indicates Breaker State.

Mover: 2: 4. Type: Hurdle

Brute: 2: 5. Type: Muscle, Transfiguration

Breaker: To be determined

Thinker: 5. Type: Sensory, Proficiency-Canine handling.

Trump: 2

.

Personal profile

Lyra showed up in the Woods outside Brockton Bay. Found by fellow Case 53 Kitsu of New Wave while "Looking for the perfect picnic spot." Lyra was collected and brought to the Rig where she registered as a Case 53, and decided to become a Ward.

Lyra shows signs of High Functioning Autism Spectrum Disorder. Having poor social skills, far below what would be considered typical for her apparent age. Extreme fixations, particularly that of anything related to canines. Poor eye contact, whenever eye contact is made she gets visibly upset, until this is resolved, it is recommended to look at her forehead or to look past her when addressing her so as to avoid upsetting her. Lashes out in frustration over her inability to understand others and basic social norms. As well as a sensitivity to high pitched and loud sudden noises.

As such, she attends weekly behavioral therapy sessions and sees a personal counselor.

.

Powers and Abilities

Lyra is primarily a Breaker. In her everyday state she displays above average strength, speed and endurance. When in her breaker state her jaw, arms, and legs elongate and gain muscle mass, gaining slightly exaggerated strength in proportion to mass accumulated, while growing more fur to accommodate the extra surface area. She is able to extend her breaker power to nearby canines. However, it is to be noted that this extending of her power does not come with control.

Canines under her breaker influence gain mass and occasionally extra features. The breaker form being dependent on the canine in question. With a common tendency for extra muscle growth, extension of fur growth to cover the areas, and larger jaws.

It should also be noted that her breaker state exhausts her. And the faster she activates it the less time she can maintain the state. The inverse is true as well. The longer she takes to enforce her breaker state, the longer she can maintain it.

Activating her full breaker state in less than 10 seconds leaves her with 1 minute until she is too exhausted to continue. Allowing 1 minute of gradual activation allows for roughly 30 minutes of use. 5 minutes activation allows 1 hour. 30 minutes allows for 12 hours.

Outside of this she has a supernatural handling of canines. And understands them better than most experts and is even capable of distinguishing between individuals of the same breed apart from one another.

She also has heightened senses comparable to her fellow Case 53 Kitsu. However, her sense of smell is stronger and more refined while her sense of hearing is lesser in comparison to Kitsu's. While Lyra can hear conversations through walls. And can track someone by smell. Up to the point of detecting someone's presence and how old the smell is.

.

.

Bonus 2

.

.

Missive to all Wards and PRT staff of the PRT headquarters based in Brockton Bay, Massachusetts.

.

As of June 16th, 2010. A new applicant will be joining the Wards program. Her name is Lyra.

It is to be noted that she is a Case 53 and as such any and all insensitive remarks or harassment will not be tolerated.

On top of this she is high functioning autistic. She is shy, closed off. And uses short, blunt language to express herself. While this may come off as inappropriate and insensitive. It is to be noted that she is just communicating the only way she knows how. Eye contact is known to make her upset and even hostile.

Any acts of discrimination will not be tolerated. We trust all of you to be kind and accommodating to our newest Ward.

.

Signed: Director Emily Pigot

.

.

.

.

A/N

Real quick.

Kitsu claims Lycan is Latin for Wolf.

It's not. Lycan is shorthand for Lycanthropy, or werewolf.

Lupus is Latin for Wolf. Kitsu simply didn't fact check.

.

Also, the amount of times I wrote Rachel instead of Lyra and had to go back and change it is ridiculous.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

RadChaos897: Any hints on who else you'll include?

Newb: Hmm, no.

.

FOR [Conduit]!

.

FOR KITSU!

Casanova5424: whos more hateful, Zouken matou, Gendo Ikari, or Coil?

Kitsu: Hmm, definitely not Zouken Matou. His hateful actions come from a misplaced and forgotten desire for a utopia that he failed to achieve century after century. Ultimately his goal is still a utopia for mankind. And in the Heaven's Feel ending where he realizes that goal is unobtainable, he apologies for all his atrocities and allows himself to die.

Gendo Ikari is cold, manipulative, and willing to step over anyone and everyone for his goals. But he isn't hateful. He's cold, not cruel. He's never really done anything excessively cruel without a greater purpose.

Coil? Coil will open timelines and rape women just because he can. Or feed his subordinates to monsters for his own amusement. His only goal is to be on top. But he repeatedly abuses his power along the way just put others below him. If the title of most hateful were to go to anyone. It would be him.

RadChaos897: I assume your biokinesis can only bring back the recently departed, right? Perhaps you can overcome that limitation with the help of Bonesaw, if you can save and reform her that is. Once you do/if you do, anyone in mind that you would want to resurrect? Fleur? Taylor's Mom? Hero? Riley's Family?

Kitsu: So long as the brain is intact. And no, I wouldn't bring back the long time departed. It's just, cruel. How would you feel if you died. Then were forced back to life ten years in the future. All your loved ones have moved on. The world is different and you have to relearn how society works. And what of the people who buried you?

No. Let them rest.

Radchaos897: Now that "Recently Deceased Resurrection" was added to your powerset, any plans to make contingencies for anyone else who suffers a premature end of life? Maybe you could use your biokinesis to make some modifications to your loved ones that prevents and/or slows brain degradation so you can get to them quick enough to save them?

Kitsu: I've been using my biokinesis to make them more durable from day one! What do you think all those cuddles are for? I'm gradually making them more and more robust. For example, I don't think Amy could pull a muscle if she tried. And it's a good thing Missy doesn't do fisticuffs or she'd realize she's a bit stronger than the average girl her age.

Minor things here and there.

RadChaos897: In your "Wandering Fox" years before you began living with the Dallons, did you ever use your biokinesis to live out your mad scientist fantasies?

Kitsu: Nope. I've stated it before, but pulling Dennis out of a coma was the first time I used my biokinesis on something other than myself.

RadChaos897: what were some other memorable moments where you used your powers to live out a fantasy you've had?

Kitsu: Nothing. I was too busy surviving and looking for my next meal. My energy absorption didn't really come in full until after Behemoth. So it was pretty inefficient before that. Anytime I ran out of energy I was left powerless aside from an inability to be harmed, night vision, and super hearing.

There's a reason I'm so desperate to protect my new lifestyle.

RadChaos897: Did you know that there is a plant that you can blow bubbles with? It's called "Jatropha Curcas" and you can snap its stem and blow bubbles from it. I'm not sure what you'll do with this new information, but I'm sure you can do something fun with it with your creative mind and biokinesis. Bioluminescent Bubbles perhaps?

Kitsu: … I'm using that.

RadChaos897: Did you also know that there is a flower called "Cosmos Atrosanguineus" that smells like chocolate? I doubt you could get one since it is a rare flower, but it is something to consider getting to modify with your biokinesis. Maybe you could even make them edible and taste like chocolate, too. Perhaps you could even use it as a romantic, hand-made (read: bioengineered) gift for Missy. Nothing is quite as romantic as chocolate flowers.

Kitsu: Looks like I'm taking a trip to Mexico!

.

.

LIMITED TIME ONLY!

LAST ONE!

(Good Ending) FUTURE MISSY BIRON!

Grimnosh: I'm not hearing a denial there... or are you banging your head against the wall over missed opportunities?

Missy Biron: … shut up.

RadChaos897: Did your mom ever do something similar to when she checked out Kitsu's butt? I mainly ask because I want to know if she ever said something to the effect of "Damn girl, nice tits" when Kitsu began to physically grow.

Missy Biron: Oh my god yes! There was one time she came with me to the Dallon's new house when I was sixteen. They had a pool and were throwing a house warming party. She saw Kitsu in a swimsuit, by this point she's a high c cup and already got an ass you could bounce a quarter on. *Ahem* anyway. She said, and I quote. "Damn, I'm not gay, but seeing her I don't blame you."

Kitsu heard her.

It didn't help that she found Kitsu by following my gaze.

There was another time Kitsu bent over to grab something and said.

"Damn, I'd kill for an ass like that."

She's extremely inappropriate. She once asked if I was a top or bottom!

I cut contact when I was eighteen for a reason.

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.


Please, I'm writing Kitsu ch. 66 and hit writers block. Just, comment on what you like to see.



Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, macdjord and 150 others
Newb to the game
Jun 6, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 45 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jun 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#390
A/N The title, is a lie.

Alt title: Prelude to something great.

.

Happy new years you FoxFans! That's your new names.

I got a milk frother! I can make cappuccinos and lattes now! I'm so happy!

.
.

.

Disclaimer: I don't own Worm or any other characters in this work, other than my OC. All other characters belong to their respective properties.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Friday, June 18th, Dallon House, 5:45pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

This is heart wrenching! I don't know how to deal with this.

"I wish we had a tree out here." Missy says.

"Hrm?" I ask from behind my tail.

It's a good tail. It protects me from the predatory Missy. Though it's a temporary measure. I need to find a way to fight back! Or she'll get me!

"That way I'd have something to lean against as I hold you." She says with a deceptively innocent smile. "But the grass is nice too, I suppose."

I died. She got me.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

This is fun!

She's holding her tail to her face. Hiding behind it like a pillow. Only her eyes are visible when she pokes her head up. Her ears are splayed back so hard they're blending into her hair.

"Thank you for this." I say genuinely. "It was sweet."

She used her allowance to make the perfect date for me. It's not fancy. It's not extravagant. But it's just me and her, out of the public eye. All because I don't like being in the public eye.

She did this for me, with me in mind and what I'd like. And that's what makes it perfect.

"You're welcome." She finally squeaks.

I want to kiss her more. But it just, doesn't feel like the right moment. You know?

Screw it. If I keep waiting for the right moment, I'll never get it.

I lean across the blanket, steadying a hand on it to keep myself up. Bringing a hand up to cup her cheek as her eyes widen and her tail twitches.

She closes her eyes and moves her tail out of the way. And I lean in for the kiss.

Magical.

.

.

-Saturday, June 19th, 4:32pm, Boardwalk-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

No Missy today. Her dad has her this weekend and apparently, he didn't know about her staying over and as such he demanded her to come home.

Her parents are in another fight and are using her as a tool. I want to do something. But anything just short of torture, mastering, or murdering them. There's nothing I can really do. Not without tipping my hand and possibly getting arrested at least.

Let it be known though. If I ever find a bruise from "Falling down the stairs" on her. All bets are off. I will make them look like a rejected prop from a hellraiser movie. Laws and rules be damned.

Anyway, that's why I'm patrolling on my own while Missy is at the Rig trying to convince Miss Militia to give her patrol duty. She lied to her dad to get out of the house by telling him she swapped shifts.

Apart from that there's Crystal's graduation this Tuesday. Eric is making streams again now that finals are over. I've been thinking about doing so as well. But I'd need a computer and a whole set up. And I don't have the money for that.

Maybe I can ask for one for Christmas?

"Oh my gosh it's her!" I hear a slightly familiar voice.

Turning around I see a trio of teens. Two I recognize as Emma in a blue blouse, skinny jeans and a pink skirt. Taylor in baggier jeans, a white shirt and a loose black jacket over it. And the other being an unknown younger girl in jeans and an oversized yellow hoodie.

Great. Emma. She's one of my fans. She's one of those pushy types as well. Not malicious, but she does not know how to take no as an answer!

"No you may not pet my tail." I say automatically.

I've met her three times between now and the signing. Once on a random patrol. Once at the mall while looking at coffee makers to secretly replace the one I broke. Long story.

Side note. No one noticed.

And once when I went with Mom to her work. She was with her dad.

"Wow Em." The younger girl says. "Got a reputation with her and everything?"

"It's nothing bad!" Emma says.

"She's my stalker." I say.

"Lies!" Emma defends.

"You showed up at my Mom's work." I counter.

"Damn Em." Taylor says in mock surprise. "I knew you were pushy, but you followed her mother to get to her? Should I be concerned?"

"I'm just being targeted." Emma says. "That's fine!"

She crosses her arms and huffs.

"Sorry about that." Taylor says. "You probably don't remember me but-"

"Taylor Hebert." I say with a smile. "I met you at the signing."

She raises her brow in surprise.

"Oh, you do?" She asks. "Well, anyway, I just wanted to say thank you. Ever since you bank rolled the Ferry's reconstruction; my dad has been through the roof and my life has never been happier."

"That's good to hear." I say. "Will you be at the opening party?"

"I will!" She says. "I assume you'll be there as well?"

"Yep!" I say with a nod.

The big reopening. The mayor will be there as well. Mostly as a publicity stunt. He's promised to bring back the ferry for years. And now we come in and do it for him?

Long story short, the only way we got the permits to operate it was through him. And we have to make it seem like it was his idea.

Politics, bleh!

"Um, can I get your autograph?" The younger girl says.

"Sure!" I say. "Got a pen and paper?"

"Yes!" She says excitedly and slides her backpack off.

Digging around in it she hands me a notebook and a pen.

"Who's this for?" I ask.

"Madison Clements." She says. "And thank you so much! You and Vista's relationship is everything in my life right now." She gushes.

'Oh, oh dear.' I think as I fight a blush.

She's MainProtagonist. I read a few of her fics during my heat. Don't judge! Some of them were very wholesome and romantic!

"Well, I don't know how to answer that so here!" I say and hand her the signed notebook.

"Thank you!" She whisper shouts with a wide smile. "The only thing that could make this better is if I got Vista's as well! Aaahh!"

And she's fangirling.

I don't mind. Contrary to Missy. I very much enjoy the attention. I especially enjoy the praise and hero worship.

*Rrrm*

And that's my phone.

Fishing it out of my pocket. Opening it. I see it's a text from Missy.

(Got ptrl! :D)-M

(Where u at sweetcheeks?)-M

(Boardwalk)-K

(Brt)-M

"Well, maybe someday." I say as I put my phone away.

I don't mention Missy's on her way over because unlike me. Missy doesn't like having fans. Missy is all for the peacekeeping aspect of the job. But she hates the celebrity status that comes with it.

"Well, since there's nothing else going on." Emma starts saying sweetly with a flutter of her lashes.

"No." I say right away.

"Oh come on!" She whines. "I just want to be your friend!"

"And you just want to be my friend because I'm cute and fluffy." I point out.

"That's not, entirely true." She says.

"I'm sorry. But any and all responses will not be catalogued." I say robotically. "The fox is a lie."

I then turn invisible. Completely disappearing from sight as I walk away from my kinda stalker.

Maybe me and Missy can meet up at that café by rosemary. I like that place.

Even if they refuse to spell my name correctly.

.

.

-Meanwhile, The Rig-

.

.

Lyra POV

.

"Okay, I'm going to show you the pictures. And I want you to tell me what emotion they're expressing." My therapist says.

"Rm." I give a grunt.

She flips over a card. The person has their mouth wide open, teeth barred.

"Angry."

"Laughing." She corrects. "You can tell by the way their eyes are. And how open their mouth is."

"How?" I ask.

"See here?" She says and points to the picture's eyes. "Her smile pushes her cheeks up. Partially closing her eyes."

I, guess I see it.

"And her teeth. They're not clenched." She says and flips over another card, this one similar to the first.

"See in this picture, the man has his eyes open fully. And his teeth are touching." She points out.

"Rm." I nod.

"Okay, one more and we're done for the day." She says.

She flips over a card. This one is like the first. A man with his teeth barred. But not touching and his eyes are partially closed.

"Happy?" I ask.

"Very good Lyra!" She says. "And with that, I believe we can end our session on a positive note."

She's better at this than Brian. Brian would just keep going until I got fed up with him. She points out the differences and helps me see where I'm messing up.

And doesn't keep going and going and going. She actually stops.

"I'll see you next week. Same time." She says as she starts packing up her stuff. "I was hoping we could continue with more of this. Or, if you feel up to it. Get you more accustomed to eye contact?"

"Doesn't matter." I say.

"We'll flip a coin then." She says with a closed smile.

She leaves my room without another word. As soon as the door closes, Brutus walks over to me. Sitting down and staring me in the eyes before quickly looking away in deference.

I reach down and scratch his ears.

"Good boy." I say.

And that starts a chain reaction of the other two running up to me. Judas hopping off the bed and Angelica running from underneath it.

They gave me a very spacious room. More than big enough for me. And my dogs.

They said with good behavior I can get more dogs.

Dogs are great. Much better than people. They don't hide their intentions. There's no looking into the meaning of their actions. And they're loyal to a fault.

And they each have their own personality.

Brutus is eager and loyal. Angelica is overprotective and playful. And Judas is just lazy.

"Alright, walks." I say and walk over to grab their leashes.

So long as no one is using the training room. I can walk my dogs in there. Grabbing their leashes from the hook by my door. They line up for me to leash them.

Hooking their leashes and opening the door. They trot out in an orderly fashion as we make our way to the training room.

Passing several people in uniforms. Guards that set me on edge, regular staff that are just there.

I make it to the training room uneventfully. Unhooking my dogs, I let them run around.

Judas runs laps around the large room. And Angelica playfully attacks Brutus. Biting and trying to get on top of him. With him biting back and tossing her off. Eventually leading to them rolling over each other. After about an hour of this I whistle to call them back and head back to my room.

Monday through Friday I have two hours dedicated to home schooling. Saturday, I see my therapist. Sunday is free for me to do whatever so long as I stay out of trouble.

A little boring. But I've had enough excitement lately.

I reach my room and put the leashes up. Brutus and Angelica continue their play fight from earlier. And Judas hops onto the bed and lays down.

He has the right idea.

I undress. Tossing my tee shirt and shorts off to the side and lay down next to Judas. Lazy day it is.

Not long after I lay down. Brutus and Angelica stop wrestling and climb up onto the bed with me. Angelica taking her new favored spot on my back.

.

.

-Sunday June 20th, 4pm, The Rig-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"And right here." Lyra says as she scratches Brutus's ears. "This little divot right here. Make sure to graze that with your thumb."

She shows me how. And Brutus goes from tail wagging. To thumping his back leg.

Kitsu isn't here right now. She's actually taking singing lessons at a place called Dancing Leaf Studios. Her parents signed her up after she said she wanted to be a singer. And with summer coming up it's the perfect time.

Lyra finishes petting Brutus. And gestures for me to do so.

I miss my own dogs. Duchess and Bear. Brutus kind of looks like Duchess. If he were smaller.

Maybe I can convince my parents to finally let me have one?

...

That won't happen.

"You're a good boy." I say to Brutus.

.

.

-Tuesday, June 22nd, 12pm, Arcadia High-

.

.

"Graduating with high honors. Crystal Pelham!" The principle says.

She walks onto the stage and accepts her diploma with a smile. Turning to the crowd for Neil and Sarah to get pictures.

We're all sat in the second row. With Mom at the very end. It goes, Mom, Vicky, Me, Dad, Amy, Neil, Sarah, Eric.

Next year is my official first year of High School. And the year after that is Missy's. My STEM scores actually put me at college level. It's everything else that's subpar.

Oh well. Summer before that!

"Why are we here?" Vicky whispers.

"It's a family event. We're here for support." Mom whispers back.

"I'm just here for the pizza party afterwards." I whisper back.

"What pizza?" Amy says. "It's Crystal's party. She doesn't like pizza."

I slowly turn my head to look up at Dad.

"Is it true father?" I ask. "Have I been lied to by the one meant to never betray me?"

He gives no indication that he'll answer me. Or that he even heard me.

"Hey Ames." He says.

"No, deal with the munchkin yourself." She says plainly.

"Damn it."

"Language!" I point up at him.

"Shhh!" Mom shushes us.

I sit still and mostly quiet for the rest of the ceremony. Afterwards we all meet up at the Pelham's house.

.

.

-1 hour later, Pelham House-

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

"Alright, I'm sorry." I tell the fuzzy ball of grumpiness.

"You promised pizza." She grumbles.

"There's lasagna!" I say placatingly. "That's pizza adjacent!"

I really thought there would be. But Kitsu's not taking that.

"But not, pizza!" She counters.

She's refusing to leave the car.

"I tried." I say and crawl into the backseat.

I unbuckle her and drag her out. She's not resisting. But she's also not helping. Dead weighting in my arms.

"So, you're just going to be like this?" I ask as I hold her in front of me.

"No Missy, no pizza, no sushi, no video games, no me." She says.

She likes sushi now.

"Okay then." I say to the moody tween. Well, teen.

I put her under my arm and carry her like luggage.

"Uuuhh, my stomach." She groans at her position, but doesn't let up from dead weighting.

"You can always move on your own." I say as I close the car door.

"Nuuu~"

"Then luggage it is." I say and lock the car.

"Put me on your shoulders!" She demands.

"Nope. We're going in the house." I say.

"But we're going to the back- hang on." She says as she suddenly stops.

"What?" I ask as I step through the door. It has the banner congratulating Crystal over it in Arcadia's red and gold banner.

"Um, nothing." She says softly. "You can let me down now."

I do so and she walks in step behind me. Looking back at her, I see she's acting oddly, fidgety. Her ears are down, and her tail is twitching and curling behind her.

"Everything alright kiddo?" I ask as we pass the stairs and head further to the back.

She doesn't say anything. And instead gains a slight blush.

"Kitsu." I try and get her attention.

"Huh?" She asks.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"I asked if you were alright." He says.

"I'm fine!" I squeak.

"Holy shit you're huge!" I hear Crystal say from upstairs.

"Um, thanks?" I hear Firebreather say.

Are they going to fuck? Here? Where everyone is expecting Crystal to be out?

"Are you sure?" He asks.

"I'm uh, not sure what else I'm supposed to do here." Fire says awkwardly.

Holy crap they are!

"Yeah just, lost in thought." I say as my attention is elsewhere.

"Just leave it to me." She says.

"Alright, if you're genuinely not feeling good. We can go home." Dad says.

"That's fine!" I say.

Okay, not gonna lie. I wanna see how this ends.

"Oh fuck." Fire groans as slurping sounds are made.

Now I'm just waiting for them to get caught. There is no other reason!

"Pah! Damn, half way is the best I can get." Crystal says. "You're just too thick."

No other reason! I swear! Definitely not because this is one of the hottest things I've heard in a while! There is no ulterior motive here!

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"So where's Kitsu?" Sarah asks.

"Still in the car." I tell her with a sigh. "She's playing drama queen over there not being pizza here."

"We can order some real quick if it's an issue." She says.

"No, she's mostly playing drama queen for Mark." I say with a role of my eyes. "If he wasn't here, she'd just mope about it."

"Oh, so, a daddy's girl then?" Sarah says with a smile.

"I swear they share a brain cell sometimes." I tell her.

"Just like Crystal and Neil when she was younger." Sarah says with a smile. "I remember one time when she was eight, she pretended to be sick so she could stay home. But when she learned I was off and Neil had work, she got up and said, 'Well you're not the fun one.'"

I wish I had stories like that. But Mark wasn't all there for Vicky or Amy. And neither was I.

"Speaking of Crystal, where is she?" I ask, hoping to change the subject.

"She's in her room getting ready." Sarah says. "Putting her gown and diploma away and changing into something better."

"Is Firebreather going to be here?" I ask. "You said she and him are dating now."

"Yeah he should be on his way." She says. "He doesn't have a phone or anything so contacting him is a hassle."

"How you ladies want your steaks?!" Neil asks.

"Medium!" Sarah shouts.

"Medium rare!" I shout back.

"Oh! There's Kitsu and Mark." Sarah says as she leans over to peer past me. "Is everything alright?"

Turning around I see Kitsu following behind Mark. Ears down, blushing, and tail curled.

"I'm, not sure." I say slowly. "I don't think I've seen her like that before."

'Is it the party?' I ponder. 'Could this be repeat of her birthday party, and she doesn't know how to act?'

"I'll go see." I say and set my cup of punch down on the fold out table.

Kitsu separates from Mark and goes off to sit at the picnic table with Amy and Pinky. I decide to go to Mark to see if I can't garner anything I might've missed.

"Hey honey." He says and we share a quick kiss. "What's up?"

"Just wondering if something happened with the third daughter in our house." I say with a smile. "She seems off."

"Yeah, I have no clue." He says with a shake of his head. "We were walking through the house when she suddenly stopped and started acting weird. Distracted and like she's trying to hide something."

"Hmm, nothing of note?" I ask.

"Not that I can think of." He says with a shrug. "If you can get more from her then be my guest."

"Yeah, I think I'll do that." I say and walk over to her.

I get halfway there when I hear something. And out of reflex I throw my hand up and catch a Frisbee that would've hit me in the head.

"Crap!" I hear Eric say. "Sorry Aunt Carol!"

I look up to see him and Vicky flying up top.

I toss the Frisbee back up and he flies over to catch it.

"Be more careful!" I shout back.

I continue my way over to the bench and tap Kitsu on the shoulder.

"Huh!?" She jumps.

She never jumps. She's normally so aware you have to make a distraction to catch her off guard.

"Hey, can I talk to you over here?" I say softly and jut a finger towards the house.

"Um, I guess?" She says unsurely.

I start walking with her following me. We make to the house and step inside. The whole time I'm preparing myself to help her with whatever difficulties she's having. We stop in the living room.

"Alright, what's the matter?" I ask.

She doesn't respond. Instead, she has a thousand yard stare as her ear flicks to the stairs as her blush gets worse.

"Kitsu." I say a little louder.

"Huh!" She squeaks.

"What's the matter?" I ask again.

"Nothing!" She insists and her tail twitches.

Her tone and body language leads me to few possibilities.

"Kitsu, are, are you in heat again?" I ask in a whisper as I lean down to better meet her eyes.

Her blush explodes as she starts stuttering.

"I, du, da, no!" She stutters. "That's a once a year thing! And don't talk about it!"

Two possibilities left then.

"Kitsu, are you listening to something you shouldn't?" I ask. "Don't lie to me."

She just stares at me with a blush. Biting her lip as her tail curls in front of her and she hugs it to hide.

"Maybe?" She says and then mutters. "Not like I can not."

"Okay." I say and rise up.

At least it's not option three. God that is not a conversation I wanted to have.

This is one of the unseen troubles Kitsu has. Her ears are good. Too good. She can hear everything in the house. And by how hard her blush is. Well.

"Oh! Hey Aunt Carol." I hear from the stairs. "Didn't know you were here already. I didn't keep everyone waiting, did I?"

I turn to the girl in question. And I can tell. The smile, the rosy cheeks.

I turn back to Kitsu. Who is refusing to look in Crystal's direction. And is holding her nose.

"Firebreather's upstairs, isn't he?" I ask the girl quietly.

She nods her head.

"Hmm?" Crystal hums. "What's up."

"Nothing." I say, turning to address the girl. "Just talking with Kitsu about a few private things. Come on sweetheart, Neil's making steaks."

Kitsu wordlessly follows after. And Crystal soon behind her as well.

.

.

Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV

.

"Yeah, Eric's been like, super nice and helpful." Pinky says. "In fact, he's even helping me set up a streaming account to play games and earn money from it!"

"Neat." I say sarcastically. "He must be a great friend huh?"

It's obvious. I mean. Not that I can blame him. This girl is curvier than some of the pornstars I've seen. Don't look at me like that! If you wouldn't think anything of a boy doing it, you shouldn't think anything of a girl doing it.

"Uh, yeah." She says uncertainly. "Friend."

"Well at least you know." I say under my breath. "Do you know who else is going to be here?"

"Um, Crystal's friend Sarah, Firebreather, Gully, and Dean." She answers.

My mood immediately sours at Deans name being mentioned. I know he's not a bad guy. But I can't help how I feel and what I want. And he has everything I want.

"Hey Ames!" I hear Vicky say as she flies down and lands to sit next to me. "Get this! Look at Crystal. Don't make it obvious."

'Speak of the devil.' I think amusingly.

I turn around and look to Crystal who's talking to Aunt Sarah. She sees me and waves. I wave back.

"I said don't make it obvious!" She hisses at me.

"What am I even supposed to be looking at?" I ask.

"You don't see it?" She asks. "She totally just got laid."

"How do you even tell something like that?" I ask. "And so? Why's that a big deal?"

"I uh, think I heard Neil call my name." Pinky says and shuffles off.

'Huh, Pinky turns purple when she blushes.' I idly note.

"Ugh, I'm surrounded by prudes." Vicky says dramatically as she rests her head in her hand.

"You're surrounded by people with boundaries." I correct her.

"Yeah, sure." She says noncommittally. "Hey, think I could get details out of Kitsu?"

"I dare you to try." I say sarcastically.

It's no secret that Kitsu and Vicky don't like each other. They don't hate each other. And can have a civil conversation. But they're too similar in the worst ways.

They're both gossips. Both overly energetic, excitable, stubborn, the list goes on. Hell, personality wise Kitsu is just a more energetic and fluffy Vicky.

"You're on!" She says and flies off.

"Wait what?"

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I can't look her in the eyes! I mean, it was hot. But this is someone I have to engage with on a regular basis! And I can never unhear what I heard. I mean, good for her. Sounds like she really enjoyed herself. But still! Her dirty talk is cringe!

And the smell! Oh god! She reeks! Don't get me wrong. She bathed. But there is no covering up all of that in such a little amount of time.

Great, her boning Fire is all I can think about now.

"Hey Keets!" I hear as Vicky flies over. "I need to ask you something really quick!"

She then grabs me and flies away with me in toe.

She takes us to a corner of the fenced in yard and let's go of me.

"Okay, spill." She says. "Tell me everything!"

"About what?" I ask.

"Don't play dumb!" She accuses. "I know you heard Crystal. Gimme the details!"

"Wha, buh, diya, no." I say evenly.

"Why not?" She whines.

"Because I don't want to?" I say. "And besides that, I don't think it's any of your business."

"What if offered something in exchange?" She asks.

"What are you offering?" I ask cautiously.

She pulls out her phone and types a few things before showing me a video.

It's me and Missy's picnic date!

I immediately swipe the phone from her and zoom in on us.

"You recorded this?!" I ask in disbelief.

"Yep." She says smugly. "And if don't tell me."

"Why didn't I think of that?!" I whine out loud as I ignore her. "Aww, that's when she fed me!"

I gush over the video for a while longer. I imagine if Missy were here, she'd be crying in embarrassment. This is so sweet!

"Aaaaiiiiiieeeee!" I squeal and hop in place at all the squigly feelings inside me.

"Um, yeah!" She says. "If you give me the details, I'll send you that video."

Sorry Crystal. But sweet memories perfectly preserved forever are more valuable to me than your privacy.

"Deal!" I say. "What do you want to know?"

"Who?"

"Firebreather."

"Lizard boy?" She asks. "Does he even, is he even compatible?"

"Not to a normal girl." I say.

"What does that mean?" Vicky asks.

"Ten inches is all I'll say." I answer as I fight back a blush.

Do it for the memories Kitsu! A video of Missy feeding you! One you can use to tease her with!

"Okay, wow." Vicky says wide eyed. "Couldn't be me."

Agreed. Seriously, Crystal is some kind of freak! To not only take that but enjoy it? Unless Fire isn't some monster and she was just exaggerating to make him feel better.

"What else?" She asks. "Come on, how long, what'd they do?"

"Um, about ten to twenty minutes. And I couldn't tell you what they did." I tell her.

I could. I just refuse.

"What? Why? Don't you have like, sonar or something?" She asks.

"No, I just hear things better." I say. "It's like listening to a movie without being able to see any of it."

"Damn." She says and puts her hands to her hips. "Oh well, deals a deal."

She takes her phone back from me and not long after I get a notification.

Looking to my phone I see the video in my messages.

"Thank you!" I say and glomp her in a hug.

"Sure thing." She says. "Now if you'll excuse me, I've got a designer friend I need to introduce to Amy."

I'm too busy going to my phone and reliving my picnic date to care. Or even pay attention.

.

.

-1 hour later-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"Hey, Vicky." I say to get my daughters attention.

"What's up mom?" She asks as she turns from Gully. "Hey Gulls, I'll be right back."

"It's fine." She says. "I'll go talk with Kitsu and Jenny."

Jenny's only here because Gully is here. They've been rooming together at a motel.

Luckily the opening of the New Wave Ferry is on the first of July. Anthony, or Tony as he prefers to be called out of meetings, set us up with a good night crew to help speed up repairs and renovations.

We couldn't use them full time. We already signed a contract with the Dockworkers Association. And for some reason Kitsu absolutely refused to sign off on any pay offs to break said contract. Saying she personally promised Danny and all that.

I decided not to press the issue.

Speaking of.

"What did you and Kitsu talk about?" I ask her.

"Um, what do you mean?" She asks with shifty eyes.

'When did I raise a daughter with such shit ability to hide anything.' I think to myself. 'It's a good thing she's New Wave. Otherwise, she'd never be able to keep a secret identity.'

"Vicky, I saw you." I say. "She was all cagey and flustered, then you showed her something on your phone. You talked. She hugged you. Now she's perfectly fine and happy."

"Oh! That!" She says. "I just saw she was upset and gave her the video of her date that I took."

Looking over to the lovesick girl. I now understand why she's gushing and cooing over her phone.

She really is a romantic. The Endstopper child. And she falls apart over puppies, kittens, and her girlfriend. It's honestly surreal. Like finding out Lung has a collection of Barbie dolls.

"That was sweet of you." I say. "Tell you what. You've been good, and you've stayed out of trouble. Starting tomorrow you're ungrounded."

"Wait really?" She says. "Yes!"

"Does that mean I can go on patrol with Dad again?!" Kitsu shouts.

"If you're going to talk, come here." I say.

In a gust of wind. The excitable ball of fluff is standing next to Vicky.

"What do you mean again?" I ask. "You could always go on patrol with Mark."

"Yeah but, she'd tag along every time." She says and points to Vicky.

"I don't have to patrol with dad anymore." Vicky says.

Kitsu starts grinning. Her tail wagging like crazy causing her to start shaking with it. Before disappearing in another gust of wind.

"Woah!" I hear Mark shout.

"I got my part time sidekick back!" Kitsu shouts from Marks leg that she's wrapped herself around. "Best, day, EVER!"

Well at least she's happy.

.

.

-1 hour later-

.

.

"Well Crystal." I say as the girls' head to the car. "I hope you get accepted into college. And do well in whatever you want to do."

"I'm honestly thinking of a degree in criminal psychology." She says.

"Good luck. It's not an easy course." I tell her.

I don't even think she realizes that everyone now knows what she was doing when she was "Getting ready" before the party. And that Neil saw Firebreather fly out of her window before taking off and circling back around.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"So, you and Sabah." Vicky says to Amy.

"No." Amy says.

"Oh, come on!" Vicky whines. "You both like girls! What's wrong with her!"

"Vicky!" Dad says. "Are you trying to play matchmaker again?"

"And isn't Sabah like, five years older than Amy?" I add in.

"They don't have to date!" Vicky defends. "They could be friends! First."

"We have nothing in common." Amy says as she points at her. "And if you say we're both lesbians I'll ask Kitsu to move all of your excess body fat to your tits."

"Why would you do that!" She asks, offended and aghast as she moves her arms to cover her chest. "I would look so out of proportion. To say nothing of the back pain!"

"Eh, you can just fly everywhere." I tell her. "Hey! You could change your name to Mega Milk!"

"Pfft! Hahahaha!" Amy starts cackling. "Meh, meh, mega. Haaaa!"

"Just, sittin here. Listen'n to girl talk." Dad says plainly as he sits in the drivers seat. He's clearly trying to mentally check out of the conversation.

"Ooh! What if we gave Dad boobs!" I say.

"What?" Vicky asks in disgust and confusion.

"Yeah! Really put the Flash in Flashbang!" I say.

"Bahahahaha!" Amy starts holding her sides.

"Please don't do that." Dad says. "I mean, don't get me wrong I'm all for a pair to keep to myself. But your mother might not like it."

As he says that. Mom opens the passenger door and gets in. Looks to the red faces Amy currently wheezing, the confused and concerned looking Vicky. And the calmly smiling me.

"Alright, what happened?"

"I'm gonna give Dad boobies!"

Aaaaand Amy is laughing even harder.

I think she might pass out.

.

.

-Thursday, July 1st, 12pm, Dallon House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

The Ferry's here!

"Is everyone ready?" Mom asks.

We're all dressed up and about to head out. Amy is wearing a box standard white dress she's renting because she couldn't be bothered. Or at least that's what she keeps telling everyone. Truth is she couldn't get Vicky to go dress shopping with her. So she didn't know what to wear and rented one last minute.

I'm wearing my Gardenia Cherrim dress. I know it's meant for the spring. But I'd never get to wear it otherwise! Vicky is actually wearing her new Hero outfit. She's using this as her new costume's debut.

I'm actually the one who designed it! It's just Starlight's outfit. Do I feel bad about plagiarizing fandoms that technically don't exist? No. No I do not.

I walk out in my low heels. Secretly using invisible blocks to steady my movement. Heels suck! You have to find a balance of walking on your tiptoes while also not. And putting just the right amount of weight on your heels to steady yourself. But not so much that you trip or break the heel.

Thankfully mine are low heels.

And my hair is in a wavy sweep. Parted to the side with my flowery hair piece at my ear.

As we get to the front of the house. I see Mom in a dress. A beautiful slim black dress with a slit at the knee on one side.

"Why didn't you tell me you had a dress!?" I whine. "We could've matched again!"

"What about me?" Dad interjects. "You knew I was wearing a tux, we could've matched."

"Yeah, and I'd match literally half the people there." I say with a roll of my eyes. "Why can't men learn to personalize?"

Seriously. You go to a formal event and with the men it's just, tux, tux, tux, oh! That one has a blue tux!

"You look beautiful sweetheart." Mom says as she leans down and kisses my forehead. "Now go and get in the car."

"Kay." I say with a giggle. "She called me beautiful."

"Get in the car goofball."

.

.

-1 Hour Later-

.

.

We're walking around the foyer of the visitors building. There's a lot of people here. Mostly rich types and political figures. Gully is off to the side talking with Firebreather and Crystal. Fire is in a tux and has never looked more uncomfortable. Meanwhile Crystal is in a stunning blue dress that fades into a gorgeous emerald green. The top part being white.

Guess having Parian as your best friend really comes in handy.

Gully is in a pink, non-descript dress. Not much she can do with her proportions. Maybe I can fix it? If it's just her power that deformed her and not an active thing her power does. Then I can easily fix it. I think.

"Kitsu!" I hear to the side. Followed by loud thunking.

Turning around I see Jenny. In all her chromatic glory. She's wearing a long blue dress that matches her hair. She tends to wear clothes that match her body's aesthetic. "Work with what you got and be proud of it." Is what she said.

"Hey Jenny!" I wave.

She makes it to me and slows down, her steps heavy enough to shake the ground. Yeah, Jenny weighs more than five hundred pounds. And has absurd strength as a result. Enough to rival Vicky.

"Oh my gosh! This is finally it!" She says excitedly. "I mean, there's so much going on and so many people in one place! I don't know where to start!"

She's rather sheltered.

"Why don't you start by checking out your room?" I suggest. "Vicky should know where it is."

"Ooo! I'll go do that!" She says and takes off.

She and Vicky get along. Both are fashionista's who gush over boys and painting their nails.

Wait, that's me without the boys. Are me and Vicky alike?

…

Nah! No way!

"Wonder where everyone else is?" I quietly mutter before my eyes are covered.

"Guess who!" She coos.

"Amanda Waller?" I ask.

"What? Who the heck is that?" Missy says as I turn around.

She's in her Vista uniform. Aww! She's being pouty. It's adorable! With those pouty lips and supple cheeks. I just wish I could see her eyes under her visor.

"Literally the first thing that popped into my head." I say. "Okay, that's a lie, it was the second."

A few of the PRT are here. Miss Militia, Triumph, Assault. And the Wards, Missy, obviously, Dennis, and Vergil.

"Well, what was the first?" She asks.

"Kissy Missy~" I say and bring my hands up to cover my mouth with the sides of my smile visible as I give a cutesy wiggle in place.

"Yeah, well." She blushes and looks away. "You, you look good. Is that dress new?"

"Just gonna deflect like that? That's fine." I tease. "And to answer your question, no. But it is the first time I've worn it." I give a little twirl to show it off that ends with me putting my hands behind my back. "You like?~" I ask with a teasing grin as she blushes.

"I, I do." She stutters with a blush. "So, um."

"Alright!" The mayor says from the podium. "May I have everyone's attention?"

"Later?" I ask.

She nods and I leave to find Mom and Dad.

After finding them and joining in to listen to the mayors speech. Of which I wholly ignored. We make our way to the ferry proper.

It's a normal ferry. I wanted to do sooooo much more with it and use my creations to give it a sort of Feywild Witchlight feel. But the marketing team wouldn't let me! The only thing they allowed is the Wispy Willow at the entrance to the foyer! They wanted a water fountain until I showed them a mini of the glowing willow tree. So, there's a tree in the front that glows a soft pink at night. And attracts fireflies. Again, I wanted to do more. But the marketing team didn't want any radical, risky, endeavor, whatchamacallits.

Instead, we came to a compromise. There are pamphlets with illustrations on them of my creations. The Stygian Blue Bells, the Neon Pitchers, The Rainbow Traps, Blue Moss, Bleeding Wisteria, Petunia Bironia, etc. The guests receive a pamphlet at the end and can vote on whether or not they want the additions.

We're all currently on the main deck. The part out front. All of the new New Wave members are here. With the exception of Firebreather and Crystal who are strangely absent. Here's hoping they're not in a bathroom stall playing hide the dragon in a cave.

"You know those heels almost make you as tall as me." I hear from behind me.

I lash my tail out and grab Missy. Pulling her towards me as I turn around and hug her.

"Woah!" She yelps as I glomp her.

"That may be true." I say with a smirk. "But no matter how much taller you get than me. You'll still be my baby."

That gets a reaction.

"You know I don't like it when you call me that." She says in a hushed tone.

"You mean you don't like it when I call you my baby, in public." I correct her.

"You know what I mean." She whines.

I put my head to her shoulder and close my eyes as I nuzzle her. Taking in her subtly sweet scent. Fun fact. I made the Petunia Bironia's to remind me of Missy as much as possible. They're her favorite color. The stem and leaves are as green as her eyes. And they smell like her as well.

At least to me they do.

"Aww, if you get too scared of the cameras. You can always hide behind me." I say as I softly nuzzle her.

"You're evil." She mumbles into my shoulder as she hugs me back. "But I love you all the same."

Why does my heart do flips when she says that?

"I love you too." I say and bring my head back to kiss her cheek.

"And now, the maiden voyage of The New Wave!" The speaker announces.

*Hhrrrrrrmmmm*

Thank, GOD. For my hearing aids. Even with them that kinda hurt.

"Come on, the banquette hall has sushi!" Missy says and drags me by my hand.

"Hold up!" I say as she drags me along. "Heels!"

.

.

"Say cheese!" The photographer says.

"If flash is on I'll throw you off the boat!" I say in a mocking tone of the cheese line.

"Um, give me, just a second." He says awkwardly as he checks his camera.

We're doing photo's on the boat right now. And people really want photos of me and Vista.

So we're currently hugging. With her resting her head on mine.

"Aaaaand, perfect!" He says as he gets up. "Thank you!"

"Not a problem!" I say.

"Why do you have to be so popular?" Missy complains.

"Why do you have to look so cute next to me?" I counter.

"It's just you." She says with a smile.

"Hey girls." Dad says as he walks over. "You having fun?"

"Eh, for the most part." I answer honestly. "Too many people for my tastes."

"Same." Missy says under her breath.

"Well, if privacy is what you want, you're out of luck." Dad says with an apologetic smile. "This whole thing is to show off New Wave. Can't do that if the cutest addition to New Wave isn't out and about."

He says that last part as he leans down and squishes my cheeks together.

"Aww, yew fink I'm cewt?" I say through squished lips. "Yewr mwaking me bwush!"

"Hey!" Missy shouts as she grabs me. "Don't hog her! She's mine!"

"Legally speaking she's Carol's. And since we're married with shared assets. She's mine." He says with his trademarked smirk and reaches for me.

Heh, tradeMarked.

"I'm having several people fight over me." I say as Missy tries to hide me from Dad. "This is the life!"

As I say that. A strong gust of cold wind runs over the deck. Causing several shouts of surprise and even making Missy shiver.

"W-what was that?" Missy asks through a shiver.

"Merchants!" Someone shouts. "On the water!"

Oh, come on!

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus NSFW

.

.

YOU'VE BEEN WARNED

.

.

Where Crystal and Firebreather went

.

.

Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV

.

"Fuuuuck~" I moan as Fire finishes inside me. Riding out the high of my own climax from moments before.

We found a bathroom stall to sneak away and have some, private time.

"You are so hot." Fire says.

His pillow talk could use some work. As well as his thrust. But god, DAMN! Is he a godsend.

"And you, are a sex god." I pant out as I feel him throbbing inside me.

We're going to be stuck like this for a little bit. Fire's not, let's just say he's, anatomically accurate. And has both a pointed heart shaped bulb at the top. And a bulb at the bottom. The headof which swells when he finishes.

Nearly choked me out at my graduation party. Which, while it would've been hot as all hell. Would've been awkward as all hell to explain.

Oh! And it's ribbed! Like my toys! Hell, I might just be getting rid of my collection if I can keep Fire around. No need for cold silicon when I get the real deal.

He's an adorkable himbo. Jacked. And is packing serious pipe!

I think I'm in love.

"You don't think anyone noticed we're gone, do you?" Fire asks.

"Nah, hey, does it feel a little cold to you?" I ask as I hug myself closer to his warm body.

"No, not really." He says with a shrug.

"Hmm, probably nothing." I shrug, in about a minute or two I feel him start to shrink. "So, round two?"

I'm making this man my perfect partner. And getting his stamina up is priority one right now. His pillow talk next. And after that I can work on getting him more open minded. Convincing him to sneak away to a bathroom stall was hard enough.

I need to work my way up to midair sex!

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

In case it wasn't obvious. Kitsu has attachment issues.

Oh, and Crystal just has issues in general.

Her personality is pretty bare boned in the books. Hell, the wiki has a single line for her personality.

"Did not keep her room clean at all."

That's it! Nothing else.

So I'm basing her personality on a friend of mine. The one that scarred me for life with the knowledge of bad dragon.

If you're reading this P, you're a freak.

.

The reason Missy and Kitsu's relationship works so well is one simple thing. Communication. They're open and not afraid to tell the other what they're comfortable with. Kitsu doesn't like having her fur active, so Missy doesn't press the issue. Missy doesn't like being in the public eye, so Kitsu sets up events for them outside of the public eye. Things like that.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

Grimnosh: Just what fandoms have you read/know of and enjoyed? And which do you hate?

Newb: I, literally cannot name them all. I've read the original Witcher books! All of Maximum Ride (The movie was shit, best part about it was when Gazzy blew up the house), Daniel X, Sonic, Pokémon, Overlord, Konosuba, Grimm, RWBY, MHA, Ben 10, Hyperdimension Neptunia, Steven Universe, Invincible, Bleach, DBZ, Dog Days is a guilty pleasure of mine, My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, Fullmetal Alchemist, Alien, Tim Burton films, I really liked the Gegor the Overlander books, and just about everything in between!

That's all just off the top of my head.

There aren't any I can think of that I hate. Um, yeah, I spent three days on this and can't think of anything.

Oh! One just came to mind literally an hour before posting this!

I, HATE! Ready player one.

I just, I can't even. Go watch Fact Fiend's episode on Ready Player One on Youtube. They sum up my feelings perfectly.

.

FOR [Conduit]!

.

FOR KITSU!

Grimnosh: Have you considered using your biokinesis to give yourself glowing fur for a moonlit date with Missy? And as you like pokemon so much which eeveelutions do you like the most?

Kitsu: It's in the plans! A moonlit date on top of the ferry! Over the ocean with nothing but us.

And my favorite Eeveelution (Aside from the OG 133) is Glaceon!

Casanova5424: to go along with some of the others, what special versions of fruits/plants would you recreate as pretty much the real thing?

Kitsu: I'unno. Coffee beans that taste like latte's are high on my list. Still working on spicy watermelons. And if I can get my hands on a cow. I will prove everyone wrong! Chocolate milk will come from brown cows! Mark my words nature!

Casanova5424: how would you feel about a biotinkered giant christmas tree you had to use missy's power just to decorate? its probably end up being a citywide event/sight to some extent.

Kitsu: We are so doing that!

Missy: We are so not! We'd need to get permits from board of planning, permission from the city council, it'd have to whole event scheduling. Not to mention we'd need to-

Kitsu: I'll turn on my fur. And might let you touch my butt.

Missy: I'm sure the Mayor and city council will agree. It'd be great for tourism. If we put in the requests now we can get permits by September at the latest. And I have no doubt Pigot will agree. After all, it'd be a great publicity stunt.

.

Ask a random character!

Over the next few chapters I'm going to roll a D20. With each number correlating to a character.

So, for one time only! Ask….

Oh god why. I wish I could reroll. Oh well, might as well get it out of the way.

FOR CRYSTAL PELHAM!

Crystal: Sup awesome dudes and dudettes! And all the other people who aren't my fans, otherwise formally known as losers. Whatcha wanna know?

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.

Find me in the channel: newb's-grotto

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Olegzol, SolverFollower, macdjord and 146 others
Newb to the game
Jun 8, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 46 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jun 11, 2024
Add bookmark
#395
A/N When hell freezes over

Alt title: The attack on the boat pt. 1

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Thursday, July 1st, 3pm, Waterfront-

.

.

Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane POV

.

The day is here. I should feel excited. Elated. This is a month in the works. And though I feel we could've been better prepared. A month, is not a lot of time.

Still, I should feel some form of excitement. Instead, I have an eerie calm washing over me as I stare out at the ship leaving the docks.

"Yo Joe!" I hear Mechanic call out. "We good over here, we doin this?"

"Scarecrow." I correct as I put my mask on. "And yes. Start the boats."

Five Tinker-Tech amphibious vehicles. Two sedans, a pick up truck, a lift back, and a station wagon.

Mechanic is in the station wagon alongside Permafrost. Snowflame is back in our territory alongside Mush. Carnage flipped a coin. So he's here as well. And he's in the pick up.

"They ain't boats." Mechanic mutters as I get inside.

He picks up a small corded radio and speaks into it.

"Alright you junkyard junkies, go." He says into the mic.

Immediately the cars drive forward and through the railing. And as we head towards the railing, there's a brief bout of panic as I fear this won't work. But it turns out to be unfounded as we race off towards the boat at a meandering pace. Looking to the speedometer, I see we're only going at a measly twenty miles an hour.

"Can't these things go faster?" I ask.

"I don't feel good." Permafrost says in the back.

"Nope. You want faster? Should've let me install the nitros." He says tiredly.

Wait a minute.

I take my mask off and take a whiff of the air.

"Are you drunk?" I ask incredulously. "Seriously? Right now?"

"Nope." He says and grabs a bottle from the passenger seat and chugs it.

"You're clearly drinking!" I point out.

"I am." He says.

"I'm gonna be sick!" Permafrost says.

"You asked if I was drunk. I said I'm not." Mechanic continues. "Give me a few more minutes." And he takes a swig. "Burrrrp, Ooh, that's good."

"I can't believe this." I say and put my mask back on.

"Huuuuueeeeyaaaah!"

And Permafrost just threw up.

"Aye! Stevie boy!" Carnage says over the radio. "What's this red button do?"

"Fuck if I remember." Mechanic says. "Press it and find out."

"Alright."

"What?! No!" I demand.

"Too late!"

…

"Nothing happened."

"Damn, was hoping it was a self destruct." Mechanic says and takes another swig and pauses for a moment. "Okay, oof, now I'm drunk."

Stay calm Joseph. Stay, calm.

"Joey, I wanna go home." Permafrost whines.

Fuck it. I only need her for one thing. Besides, I can gaslight her later into believing this didn't happen. Just get her a sandwich and some drugs and she'll be fine.

I crawl over to the middle of the station wagon. Ignoring the pile of puke I'm stepping in. And open the hatch at the top of the station wagon.

"Hey, hey Joe, what you doin there?"

"Keep driving." I tell him as I unbuckle Permafrost and hoist her up. "Just the next part of the plan."

"What?" He asks.

I climb to the top, hook my foot into the top rail and heave up Permafrost with me.

"Ow ow ow!" She cries as she's pulled against the edge.

"Alright, use your power Mori." I say sweetly.

"I, don't wanna." She says. "Just want, to sleep."

"Alright then." I say and toss her off the side.

"AAAAAIIIIEEEEHHH!"

*Splash*

"MAUREEN!" I scream in mock surprise.

"What happened!?" Mechanic shouts.

"Maureen fell off!" I shout as I wait for her to do her part.

A blast of cold wind washes over the area. Freezing the water behind the boats as we continue our way forward.

Perfect.

.

.

-The New Wave Ferry, resumed-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Oh, come on!

I'm in, heels! They're super cute ones too!

"Mi-Vista!" I shout as I turn to her. "Real quick! Can you warp me home so I can change?"

"What, no!" She says immediately. "This isn't time for jokes Kitsu!"

*Korrrr*

As she says that, a sharp, resounding boom courses through and shakes the ship.

They better not be destroying my ship! I paid a lot of money for this!

"Aah!" Missy shouts as she gets shoved over by panicked guests.

"MISSY!" I shout in a panic and run over to her. Activating my immovable force to shield her. Getting stepped on and tripping several guests as I protect Missy from the panicking horde.

*Korrrrrr*

'Again?!' I think in disbelief.

There are no explosions. So it's not missiles or explosives. So either they have large harpoons. Or they're ramming us.

As the amount of people tripping and stepping over me stops. I push up and get a look at Missy.

"Are you okay?" I ask.

She nods with a massive blush as she stares up at me.

I have no time to contemplate the meaning behind that as I'm hefted up and tossed back. The only thing I register is the thick smell of blood as I tumble back.

"WeLl, WElL, wEll. WHat dO wE HaVE HerE?"

.

.

-Few minutes prior-

.

.

Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV

.

"Round two?" I ask as his head deflates inside me.

"If you're up for it." He says.

"Good, I wanna try this again." I say as I slide off him. "You just sit back and let your princess care for her dragon."

"I still don't get that reference." He says as I slide to my knees right in front of him.

"Don't worry about it." I say and bring the monster of a cock up to my face.

It's almost as tall as my head! And when his head inflated it's probably taller.

"Damn, and to think you managed to fit this inside me." I say with a smile as I grab the monster and stroke it. Running my hand up and down the ridges near the head.

I come up and go down to suckle on his tip. The bulbous heart shaped part.

"Oh god!" He groans as I suck him off.

"Pah!" I come off with a pop. "I'll never get tired of this."

I mean it. The day I get tired of this is the day I quit sex altogether.

I go back down. Intent on getting it further down than last time.

*Korrrrrr*

"Aaaggh!" Fire cries as I bite down in shock at the sudden force of the ship being shook.

"Oh god!" I panic. "I am so sorry! You're not bleeding are you?!"

"What, what was that!?" He cries as he holds his rapidly shrinking member.

'No!' I mentally cry. 'I wasn't done yet! Wait, no. Wrong priority.'

"I don't know." I say as I stand up and fix my dress. "But I'm about to find the fuck out."

No one interrupts my happy hour!

"You do that." Fire wheezes as he holds himself.

"I'll uh, go get Amy as well." I say awkwardly. "Um, where're my underwear?"

"You were wearing underwear?"

.

.

-Resumed-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Huh?" I ask as a bladed tendril whips into me.

Doing nothing other than filling me with energy of course. It does knock my hairpiece off though!

"No!" I cry as I reach for it.

It's cracked and mangled!

"You monster!" I cry as he continues to whip me.

"HuH, YOu dOn'T BlEEd." He says in a warbled voice. "ThAt'S, DisaPPoiNtiNg."

Looking up, I see the chaos harbinger himself. In all his red and black glory.

"Normally I'd make a period joke over that statement." I say through a glare. "But right now I'm just upset you're here but Spider-Man isn't. That and you ruined my dress! I was gonna wear this on a date to the botanical gardens!"

Now it's grimy, scratched, tattered, and the hairpiece is ruined. Though somehow the heels are fine.

"I FeEL tHeRe arE MoRE, PrEssING iSSuEs yOu ShOuLD WoRRy AbOuT." He says as he crouches and bolts towards me.

Only to run right off the side of the boat as the middle of the deck pinches into a thin line. Making a chasm where he falls off and smacks the side of the boat with a loud crack. Falling into the water below.

…

"Huh." I say. "I was expecting more."

"Priorities!" Missy shouts as she runs inside while the deck unsquishes itself.

I know my priorities. The people come first. But if I can vent over my dress while taking it out on someone I will!

Looking over the side of the ship. I watch as the thick mist slowly makes its way closer. Freezing the water it comes into contact with.

"Okay, think. Merchants, cloud of mist. Cold weather in July. Permafrost, great." I think out loud.

The one power that's a perfect counter to me. Ice. The absence and removal of energy.

I fish my phone out my pocket and call Vicky.

…

"Yeah, what's up?"

"You sound oddly calm for what's going on." I say.

"What's going on?" She asks.

"Are you not on the boat!?" I ask in a slight panic.

"No! I'm with Jenny!" She says. "I'm showing her, her room!"

"Hi Kitsu!" I hear in the background. "The bed supports my weight!"

"G, good for you." I say with a worried look. "The Merchants are attacking the ferry. People are dying."

I hang up. Hopefully that'll get her over here quickly. I may not get along with Vicky, but I can't deny she's good at fighting.

Here's just hoping she doesn't wreck the ferry on her way over.

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

"This way!" I shout to the crowd. Directing them to the emergency escape boats.

One of Tony's crew's additions. Rather than regular lifeboats, these ones have small motors with back rudders to push them.

Seeing that I'm not getting anyone's attention. I throw an orb up and let it fall to reabsorb it. Silencing the room.

"Alright!" I shout. "Everyone! This way to the life rafts!"

As I say that, Miss Militia cuts through the crowd to meet me.

"What the hell is going on?" She asks. "I heard something about Merchants and the boats being attacked."

"That, that about sums it up. Have you seen Carol, er, Brandish?" I ask.

"No, I haven't seen Laserdream or Firebreather recently either." She says.

"Knowing those two, never mind." I say, now's not the time. "Can you go with the guests? The Merchants are using boats, and we need people to protect them."

She gives a nod and heads off with the guests. She's one of their best bets right now.

"Everyone! This way!"

.

.

Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV

.

"He'll be fine with some rest." I tell the frantic mother.

*Rrrm*

I pull out my phone and answer it immediately.

"Yes?" I tiredly ask.

"Ames, Fire needs your help, he got hurt in the initial shake and needs you!" I hear Crystal say.

"What happened?" I ask. "Was it a cape? I've seen him shrug off slaps from Vicky!"

"Um, yea it was a cape. I can say that with one hundred percent honesty." Crystal says. "Can you come help? We're in the second deck bathrooms."

"I'll be right there." I say and hang up.

Firebreather is a decent fighter, and more importantly. He's fast and bulky. He can help guard the lifeboats.

Running through the halls in my slippers. Grateful I didn't buy in to Vicky's insistence on wearing heels. I make it down the stairs and to the men's bathroom. Only to find no one here!

"Right, three bathrooms per level." I say to myself as I return to running.

Second bathroom? Bust.

The last bathroom is where I find them. And, well.

"What's that smell?" I ask.

Though it's quickly answered by Crystal's appearance. Disheveled and wrinkled dress. Hair frayed and messy.

With Firebreather on the ground holding his crotch.

"Oh my god." I say in disbelief. "Were you two seriously-"

"Yes we were having sex and it was awesome you should try it sometime can you help him or not?!" Crystal says quickly while gesturing to him.

"Yes fine!" I say as I kneel over him.

"Sorry abou-" He starts.

"Don't." I stop him. "Say, anything, you'll just make this more awkward."

I go to touch his hand. Then stop as I think of where that might've been. Then go for his neck. Only to stop, and settle for putting a hand on top of his head.

Contusions on the dick. In a perfect teeth mark pattern. And, holy shit!

I slowly turn my head to Crystal.

"I only regret not finishing." She says as we stare each other down.

"You have issues." I say.

Seriously. Like, I got nothing.

"We all have issues." Crystal says defiantly. "I just enjoy mine."

"Just get out there and help people." I say tiredly. "I didn't help you just so you could go back to sucking face."

"Oh trust me, face isn't what was being sucked." Crystal says with a smile.

"GO!" I yell at her.

.

.

Edward Anders POV

.

"Al! Theo! Where are you?!" I shout through the halls as I run.

"Fucking, piece of shit, shitty ass father!" I vent as I run.

Go to ferry with me. Look like a family. Support the Dallons. See why Amy hasn't been at the hospital recently!

"I get out of this alive, he's losing teeth." I tell myself.

*Ting* *Crash*

I freeze in place at the sound behind me. Turning to face it. I feel a cold wave of dread wash over me as I realize I should've kept running.

Red and black oily surface. A smooth head and elongated features. Looks like someone was given a basic description of a human, and decided to make the color of hatred.

Yeah, that thing just broke through the hull and is now like, ten feet away.

"Ah, PeRfEct." He? Says. "HoPE YoU dOn'T minD. BuT I'vE gOt SomE, FruSTratIOns I Need tO VenT."

"I hear therapy is very good for ones mental health." I say as I back up.

"I pRefEr tO ACT!" He says as he charges after me.

I duck out of way of the strike. Just in time to dodge a strike.

"There's such thing as behavioral therapy!" I say as I run.

"Brother?!" I hear Al say.

"Ed?!" I hear Theo as well.

Looking back just in time to dodge a strike to my head.

*Squelch*

"Aaghh!" I scream as he hits my shoulder.

"ED!/BROTHER!"

-?-?-?-

Two entities intertwining. Weaving in and out around each other. Folding and coalescing into and away from each other. Forming an indescribable double helix before separating. A promise to meet later.

A promise that will go unfulfilled.

-Reality-

I shakily come to. Rolling over to try and get up. Only to fail as I roll to my side and pain surges through me.

"Argh!" I cry out.

"What, what happened?" I hear Al say.

'Al! Theo!' I think in a panic.

Looking up, I see Al and Theo getting up at the other end of the hall. But before them, is the freak. Reforming over a pale, scrawny red-headed man.

"Guys! Run!" I shout.

"What? Ed?" Al says.

"FuCk!" The man says as he turns back into that monster from before. "WhiCH OnE Of yOu BrAts WaS it?!"

He doesn't give us time to answer as he charges after me. Hoisting me up and slamming me into wall right next to the hole he created. Jutting pointed pieces of metal into my left shoulder. I reach up to grab his arm with both hands and try to push him off.

Only one of my arms grabs his.

"Wha, where's my." I look over my shoulder.

Nothing.

"Aaaaah!" I scream. "What, why?!"

Where, what? No, no I just! There's so much blood! It's gone! I'm gonna puke!

As I'm freaking out. A hulking body of metal charges through and tackles him out of the way and off of me.

I collapse to the ground in a daze, from the blood loss, or the fall. Or every fucking thing else! I don't know.

"Brother! Are you okay?!" Al's voice echoes from the suit.

"Al?" I ask as I start to take in my situation.

Oh, there's my arm. I kinda need that.

"So It wAS YoU!" The man says.

Looking to the side. I see him running forward. Out of a newfound instinct guiding my body, I slap the floor I'm on. Feeling an immediate connection. Fiber, cloth, I can see it's structure. And I can see how to take it apart. Better yet.

I see how I can mold it.

The rug he's running on pulls itself from under him just as he reaches us. Forcing him to face plant into Al's fist as he goes for an uppercut.

After that, the rug wraps around him and ties him to the floor.

"TWo?!" He screams.

"Make it three!" Theo shouts as a hand comes out of the metal wall next the tied down monster.

It just as he escapes the bindings by extending his red suit into pointed hooks and twisting. The metallic hand grabs the red fucker.

Looking back. I see Theo has his arm sunk into the wall.

"WhaT?! SerIOusLy!?" The guy shouts as he gets slammed into the floor. Repeatedly.

In a few moments. He's out. And Theo's arm recedes as the redheaded man is revealed. His suit receding into his body.

Not taking chances~

I touch the wall. Make a metal fist shoot out and punch the bastard through the hull.

…

"Dibs on not telling dad." I call before I pass out.

.

.

Firebreather POV

.

Okay, recap. Woke up. I went to Crystal's house. Got undressed for my new tux. Before getting shoved onto her bed the moment I took my pants off. We got a shower we had to share to save time. Crystal gave extra attention to cleaning a certain part. Got dressed. Attended the opening ceremony. Got dragged into a bathroom for a sit down. Had some more fun. Then when we were preparing to have more fun. Less fun happened. Lots of pain, thankfully no blood.

Amy came by. Crystal shamelessly admitted to what we were doing. I got healed and can now never look Amy in the eye again. And now I'm flying overhead looking for the lifeboats.

Overall, a mixed day so far.

Looking around frantically. I see a massive mist slowly approaching the ferry. And it's growing!

"Okay, that's not good." I say to myself.

Looking around I see the lifeboats on the other side of the ferry being lowered.

I nosedive down. Opening my wings just in time to come to a stop in front of Miss Militia.

"Firebreather." She says as she turns to address me. Not wasting time on pleasantries. "I'm guiding the civilians, but they need someone out there on the water."

"On it. Protect the lifeboats." I say and dive down the lowering boats.

I coast the water. Grateful that we're not in the city and as such there are no skyscraper currents to mess with me. Just a constant breeze.

As I keep an eye out. I notice some of the boats getting too close to the encroaching mist. Diving down, I land at the nose of the boat closest to the advancing cloud of cold.

"Aaah!/Oh god!/Don't please!" A bunch of the passengers scream.

"It's okay!" I say with my hands out to calm them. "I'm New Wave!"

That calms some of them.

Noticing the chill getting worse and starting to form frost on the side of the boat. I decide I don't have time for this and dig my clawed toes into the nose of the boat. Flapping my wings I drag it over and steer it away from the freezing mist.

Once I have it facing away from the mist and a decent distance from it. I disengage and fly off.

"Lizard boy!" I hear Vicky call from above.

It can only be Vicky. She's the only one who calls me that.

"What?!" I ask as I keep my eyes on the fleeing people.

How many guests were there again? It looks like a lot. Each of the boats seems to hold about twenty people crammed in. And there are twenty boats already. With more being lowered.

"What's going on?" Vicky says as she reaches next to me.

"Merchant attack. Don't know which ones." I say and notice a swirl of frost extending from the mist at a rapid pace, heading right for a boat of people. "Hold that thought!"

I nose dive in front of it. Gathering the heat inside me and feeling my chest gain that familiar burn.

Coming to a stop in front of the swirl that's insta-freezing the water. I unleash my namesake. Forcing my fire to go wide in a cone as opposed to a line. Encasing the swirl of icy wind and stopping it dead.

"Ha, thank god for all that practice." I say with a small grin.

Still can't get it to change color.

"You all okay?!" I ask to the group of people.

.

.

Taylor Hebert POV

.

"You all okay?!" The man asks as he turns.

His tux is on fire. It looks like it started in the center of his chest and burned outward. Leaving a perfect hole in his suit.

"We're alright!" Dad shouts back. "Thank you!"

"No problem!" He shouts before taking off.

"Taylor!" My dad says turning to me. "Owl, are you alright?"

"Yeah, yeah I'm fine." I say and swallow a breath. "Just, having my life flash before my eyes is all. I need to get out less."

.

.

Neil "Manpower" Pelham POV

.

"Everyone this way!" I shout to the guests in the hall.

*Riinng*

I pull my phone out and answer without looking to see who it is.

"Neil?" Sarah's voice rings. "How are things?"

"As good as I can hope I guess." I answer as I run my free hand through my hair. "Got almost the entire east wing clear, you?"

"Lounge area and main deck clear, Crystal is clearing out the lower decks. Vicky, Firebreather, and Miss Militia are covering evac." Sarah informs me.

"Sounds good. What about the west wing? And south?" I ask as I give each room a once over.

God this ship is big.

"Mark and Carol are handling the south, Jenny came by and got Gully to safety on shore. Static Shock is keeping air support and relaying info. Clockblocker is assisting evac, same a Vista. Kitsu and Ben are targeting the Merchant ships and Permafrost. And Miss Militia is coordinating the lifeboats while Assault and Triumph are trying to deal with Mechanic."

"What about Eric and Pinky?" I ask as I reach the end of the hall.

"They went to help you!" Sarah says in a panic.

"Aaw, they wouldn't happen to be a blue haired boy and a pink girl would they?" A voice suddenly interjects.

"Wha-"

*Click*

Sarah gets cut off from the line.

"Sorry about that. Didn't want this to be public. I'm a man who enjoys his privacy. Though I suppose you don't know much about that."

"What did you do to my son?" I ask through gritted teeth.

"A little anesthesia, nothing deadly. Not sure about the girl though. Case 53's and their unique systems. Never know how that'll end." He continues in a mockingly bored tone of voice.

"Where, are you?" I ask as I steady my breathing.

"Straight to the point eh?" The raspy voice says disinterestedly. "Don't the Villain and the Hero always have some back and forth in the movies?"

"You motherfucker!" I shout as I start running down the hall. It's better than staying here. I already checked each room. So being anywhere but here is my best bet. "This isn't some movie!"

"And yet this all seems so, cliché." He smugly points out. "You the hero, me the misunderstood villain. And hostages to complete the scene."

"Just tell me where you are!" I demand.

"Hmm, well alright. Better than being bored out of my mind until you realize I'm in the wheelhouse. Come alone."

*Click*

Fuck fuck fuck fuck.

"FUCK!"

What the fuck is a wheelhouse!?

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Drop me here!" Ben shouts.

I let go and watch the ten year old free fall before slamming his watch.

"DNA Lock Activated." A robotic iteration of his voice echoes as a blinding flash of green light covers him.

Looking back, I no longer see him. Only a ripple in the water that indicates he landed.

Yeah, had to get his parents to shore first. Missy is currently on the other side of the ship using her powers to warp the shore closer to the lifeboats without getting it too close to the mist. Not as easy as it looks.

I soon see a rapidly moving vector tear through the water and towards one of the Merchant boat, car, thingies.

*Shreee*

Before it sputters in the water. It's rudder flying out next to it. Forcing it to now spin in a donut with its lopsided mobility.

"Oh, Ripjaws." I say out loud as I hop back to the deck.

Assault and Triumph are on the water in a life boat trying to pin down Mechanic and skirt him away from the fleeing civilians. Carnage got dumped off the side. Scarecrow, Snowflame, and Mush are unaccounted for. Which leaves one.

Now I just have to figure out how to get to Maureen and calm her down. If anyone else gets to her it's open season with her Kill Order. The mist is now touching the ship and not everyone is off of it yet.

The thing is, I'm scared.

Maureen is a hard counter to me. And the last time we fought; I couldn't even get close to her. I have little options here. I could try and just Leroy Jenkins it. Enhance my strength and bust out every time. But she flash freezes. And there's no telling how powerful that mist is.

I could be walking straight into a trap. But if nothing is done then she could freeze the whole bay! I know she has issues. But this?

Vergil can't help. His weakness is water in the same exact way electricity is Sophia's. Leaving him powerless and helpless.

Rather ironic if you ask me.

"Welp, nothing else I can do." I say to myself and hop over the rails.

I enhance my strength and kick off the side of the hull. My heels breaking and my hairpiece long forgotten. I can get new ones. This is more serious than I initially thought.

The issue with Shakers is that the more time you give them. The more threatening they become. And Maureen is the second highest Shaker in the city behind Missy.

Labyrinth not withstanding.

I launch over the water and into the mist. Flying through the icy fog as I keep my ears out for something.

Holy crap this is colder than Lucifer's tits! I'm not flash freezing but I can feel myself frosting. The only thing keeping me animate is my higher than average body temp. And my constantly enhanced strength.

Thank god for my liberal use of Mom's light spears to fuel me. If only I had this much energy before then, well. Maureen probably wouldn't have a kill order.

Why do I have a bad feeling about this?

.

.

Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV

.

I keep running through the halls. Trying to make my way back to the main deck and to the lifeboats.

"Help!" I hear a boy shout. "Someone! Please! He's losing a lot of blood!"

And I immediately turn a right. Towards the sound. I made an oath damn it!

I keep running and stop as I hear the sound of clunking metal. And, now realize I may have made a mistake and ran head first into a trap.

'Fuck this shit!' I say and turn away from the sound. 'Leave wrecking shit to Vicky I'm out!'

I keep my pace and head back through the hall.

"Wait! Panacea!" I hear the echoing voice call.

Against my better judgement. I turn to look at the charging suit of armor. Carrying a blonde, blood covered boy.

Okay, maybe I misjudged.

"Panacea!" A young voice resounds from in the suit.

Wait. I've heard that voice before.

"Are you one of the Anders kids?" I ask.

"No time!" He says and holds out the bloodied boy I now recognize as Edward Anders.

Met him a few times at charities and fundraisers for Medhall. His dad is the CEO of Medhall Pharma. Snarky little shit who hates his dad. Yet he'll never say why.

Also hates being called out for being shorter than his two brothers. Despite being triplets and being the oldest. His brothers have an inch on him height wise.

Not important. He's missing an arm!

"Okay, um, where's his other arm?" I ask.

"Um, I, we, kinda ditched it in a panic." He says awkwardly.

"Oh, well, hope your brother enjoys joining the ranks of the handy capable." I say.

"If he were awake, he'd laugh and flip you off." He says.

"Sure." I say and touch his forehead.

Looking in and mending all the severed arteries and sinews. Pulling excess material from other areas and using it to mend his shoulder back together. He's lost a lot of blood. Hell, any longer and it might've been too late for him.

"Okay, he should be good to go." I say as I take my hand off of him. "Now hurry to the lifeboats!"

"Right!" He says and takes off in the wrong direction.

"Lifeboats are the other way!" I call back.

"I need to find Theo!" He calls back.

'Wait, Edward, Theo.' I start piecing in my head. 'Was that Alfonse?'

Why is my life so weird?

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

Double checking the kitchen for civilians and villains. I pull out my phone and dial for Carol.

…

"Mark, any changes?" She asks.

"West side south end is clear." I say into the phone.

"Good, same with the East." She relays. "Almost everyone is off the boat and so far no one's dead. Fire, Vicky, Jenny, Crystal, Vista and Clockblocker are all ensuring the civilians get to shore. Miss Militia just called a bit ago and said there are twenty four people unaccounted for."

Gotta envy a perfect memory.

"Well, they're not here." I say. "Or at least if they are, I haven't found them."

I start my jog towards the emergency lifeboats. Not much else can be done here. Might as well head out while I can.

"Same, I'm heading to the boats. Have you heard from Amy or Kitsu?" Carol asks.

"Amy ran first aide for the initial attack and last I checked is heading to the lifeboats." I say. "Kitsu dove into the fog to try and deal with Permafrost."

"You mean the same Permafrost that took her out at the hospital?" Carol asks.

Fuck.

.

.

Neil "Manpower" Pelham POV

.

Running through the halls, I try and recall anything that could be helpful here.

The original Scarecrow killed himself years ago after a reporter outed his identity and his university revoked his degree for his crimes. This was just after we unmasked and right before the unwritten rules. This Scarecrow popped up in the Merchants two years ago.

From lieutenant of the Bay to leader of a bunch of junkies. No way the Scarecrow I know would do that. He was crafty and egotistical. But he'd never be leader. Too much of a target. No, this is a copycat.

One who's gotten too big for his britches.

Finally at the wheelhouse. A quick google search showed it to be what you call a helm on a modern boat. I barge through the steel door. Popping it off its hinges as I stare down at the copycat Scarecrow on a crate where the helm should be. The actual wheel of the ship being torn out.

"Well, you finally made it." The raspy voice says.

That's another thing. The Scarecrow I knew had a deep echoing voice. Not a deep raspy voice.

"Where are they?" I demand.

"Remember what I said about, clichés?" He asks. "Because you seem intent on following them."

Not willing to play his games. I rush forward and grab him. Lifting him up by his neck.

"See, this is what I'm talking about!" He says, and, chokes at the same time.

Like, two separate.

"No foresight or creative thinking."

I take the mask off to reveal the wide eyed, duct taped face of the ships captain.

"You really should've seen more movies." His voice continues from the helmet mask I pulled off. "You might've seen this coming."

*Bang*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus NSFW

.

.

YOU'VE BEEN WARNED

.

This one drags on.

P, you owe me.

.

.

Where Crystal and Firebreather went

Alternate possibility

.

.

Last chance to skip

.

.

Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV

.

-Round 2-

"Round two?" I ask as his head deflates inside me.

"If you're up for it." He says with a smile.

"Good." I say as bring us for another kiss. Grinding my hips into his lap as he brings his strong hands to my ass.

"Hah! Alright, stay still." I say as I bring myself up until it's just the tip.

And slam back down to shove the bulb at the base into me.

"Oh yeah." I moan at the feeling. I then bring a leg up and over his head to turn myself around and lean back into him, my head next to his. "Mmn, hoo, okay."

"Damn." He says in surprise as he kneads my hips.

"That's the spot." I moan as I squeeze my legs together and wiggle my hips, biting my lip at the feeling of him inside me. "Hmm, I think I found my favorite place to sit."

"Me too." He says. "For you to sit, I mean."

I can't help it. I giggle a little at his awkwardness.

"Tell you what Fire." I say with my head leaned back next to his. "You relax, let me show you a good time."

"If you want, feel free." He says with a smile.

"Good." I say and lean forward. Planting my feet on the ground, I throw it back into him. Sliding him in and out. Treating it just like my toys.

'Okay Crystal, you got this.' I tell myself.

God the shape and size is too good! And the angle with how I'm bent over and him sitting? Uh! Scratching all the right places!

"Mrm, stretching me out." I pant. "Don't even gotta do anything. Still a natural at this."

I take it back. This is much better than my toys

I keep going. Slamming my ass into his lap. Popping his bulb past my entrance as it sends me over the edge in mere minutes as I cum on him.

"Oooooh fuck!" I moan.

I need a minute. I'm too sensitive.

I regain my barring's. And place my hands on his knees. Doing my best to dance on his dick. Wiggling, grinding, and bouncing up and down. All without ever letting him slip out of me.

"Mrm, so much better." I say as hot pleasure shoots up my spine. "Then my, fantasies."

In a few minutes he finishes in me as I cum with him. Not as intense as my last orgasm. But oh well.

"Ha, ha, ha, ha." I pant as I lean back again. "Roun, round three?"

-Round 3-

"Tell you what Fire." I pant through the haze of pleasure as I feel him deflate again.

God the feeling of him cumming is addictive! His head swells up deep inside me and his bulb pulses as though it's squeezing his cum out. Just one or the other feels amazing. But both? I think I might be a nympho.

Oh well!

"What's, that?" He asks through panted breaths.

"Do what you want." I say. "Free reign baby."

"You sure?" He asks.

"Oh yeah!" I say.

"Alright, turn to face me." He says.

I shakily do so. And as soon as I'm facing him, he grabs my ass and stands up. Turns to the side and starts going!

"Oh god. Oh god you're a beast!" I yell happily as I wrap my legs around his waist as he slams me into the wall. "Ah! Yes!"

This is the best sex of my life! I see stars as he hammers up into me.

"Fuck! Yes!" I scream as I squeeze him. Wrapping myself so tight he might as well be wearing me.

I mean, technically he is.

He keeps thrusting into me at a rapid pace. Using me like a doll. And I love it!

"Keep going." I groan through the foggy pleasure. "Please, don't, stop! Wreck me! Leave me a whimpering mess!"

In a few more minutes. He slams into me. Shoving the base in as we cum together.

-Round 4-

"Come on baby!" I shout as I push back into him, my hands holding me steady on the back of the toilet as I'm pounded from behind. "Harder!"

We're on round four! Holy shit! I'm not walking after this. And I love it! I'm sore, trembling, and absolutely a mess!

"I can't go harder." He groans.

"Fire, for the love of god." I moan as I keep up my pace. "You literally eat coal for breakfast. You can go harder!"

"But-" He starts.

"Just, please!" I beg.

He does as I ask and redoubles his efforts. Absolutely nailing me to the wall. Moving his hands from my hips to my shoulders. Face smooshed against the wall from the force of his thrusts as the motion of it all sends me over the edge.

"Oh god yes!" I moan as I cum from the force of his pounding. "I love you!"

I'm going to marry this man. Whatever it takes. He will be mine. I don't care who I have to kill or who's dick I have to suck. I'm keeping my dragon.

He picks up his pace and starts grunting. And I feel him pulsing and throbbing inside me.

"Come on!" I shout desperately through my haze. "Give it to me!"

With a final slam. His head swells up inside me, locking him inside and preventing any attempt at pulling out. The bulb at the base gets plunged into me and throbs as it pumpshis hot load for the fourth time.

"Fu, fuck." He pants. "I, I'm tapped out. No more."

I barely hear him through my haze of pleasure and soreness. My legs are still twitching. And I think I might need to call Amy if I'm going to walk anytime soon. The throbbing of his head and bulb almost painfully pushing me further past.

"You, you're good." I pant as my twitching legs grind me into him. "Fuck you're so good."

I'm so full. And if he were to try and move, all it would do is slide him out till just his head is in me. At which point I'll be dragged around by his cock.

That'd actually be kinda hot.

After a few minutes. His head shrinks enough for him to slide out of me. Before he does so I turn to look at him with a smile and curl a finger to motion him closer.

He gets closer and I grab the back of his head and force us into a hot kiss. Our tongues wrestling for dominance as we explore each others mouths as he pulls out and I feel his cum drip out of me.

I should've set up a camera.

I turn around fully and try to stand without my flight. Only to immediately fall as Fire catches me. My thighs, ass, back and crotch too sore to support any kind of weight as I become starkly aware of all the aching in my body.

"Holy shit are you okay?" He asks worriedly.

"I, could literally, not be better." I pant with a dopey smile. Riding out my bliss of cumming for the seventh time tonight.

I untangle his arms from me and slide to my knees. Face perfectly level with his crotch.

"Here, let me clean this for you." I say and take the thick red appendage and start my, cleaning services.

"Oh god." He groans as I feel him harden on my tongue.

'I'll make sure you can never get off on your own again.' I think deviously.

I try and go as deep as I can. But can only get a little more than halfway before the twitching heart shaped bulb that is his tip triggers my gag reflex.

"Oh, damn." He pants as his hands go to my head.

'Come on!' I scream at him in my head. 'Shove it down! Choke me on it!'

If his head expands in my mouth, well. I'd have no choice but to swallow.

He doesn't. And I soon pull back. Suckling on the tip and enjoying the texture as he groans.

He's shaped kinda like my nocturne bad dragon.

Guess I don't need that one anymore! I come off the head and suck the sides I couldn't shove down my throat. Doing as I said and clean him.

"Pah!" I come off him with a pop. "Okay look, anytime you're in the mood. Come find me okay? You can use me whenever you want." I say as I jack him off to keep him hard. "Morning, day, night. Hell, I can be in my room studying for college and you can bend me over at my desk. I want you to. Got it? If you even slightly think I'm in the mood. Go for it. Okay?"

Free use is like, number twelve on my list of fetishes. And public activities is up there as well. If he ever goes down on me while I'm on the phone? Yes please! And if he gets good at roleplay I might just go off the pill and have his kid.

"Um, sure!" He says enthusiastically.

'Heh, good boy.'

"Awesome!" I say with a smile. "Now that that's settled. One more time. Please?"

I finish my request with a kiss to his tip.

Gonna need to apologize to Sab for the clothes. There is no salvaging these.

*Rrrm*

'Oh, that's my phone.' I think to myself.

Pulling it out, is it's currently 4:12?! Holy shit! We've been going at this for an hour and a half! We missed the ferry's maiden voyage! We're still in the visitor building!

Wait.

(26 New messages)

(4 Missed calls)

"Fuck, I think they noticed we were gone."

.

.

-Later-

.

.

"Where were you?!" Mom shouts.

"Living out my dream." I reply with a smile.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

This chapter was a hodgepodge of different perspectives to help convey the chaos of the situation and better give a full picture of what was happening.

.

I like to imagine Vergil and Sophia have the same shard with differing expressions. With Vergil being more powerful and versatile due to being apart of a group trigger as well as being a double trigger himself.

Like Sophia is smoke while Vergil is electricity. And if he had a box standard trigger, he'd have a breaker state that turns him into electricity. And it gets shorted out with water.

As to why Sophia is more conflict driven? The shard hates her and is sabotaging her.

.

As for Crystal and Firebreather? We all know of at least one couple irl who can't keep off each other.

.

Oh, and in case anyone thinks the Elric brother's appearance is an ass pull. In a previous chapter, Max Anders mentioned having three sons. And in a response to a comment about them in the next chapter. I said their names are Edward, Theodore, and Alphonse.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

RadChaos897: Missy probably won't answer this, so I figured I would ask you.

Hypothetically: If Kitsu and Missy were walking through the park and Kitsu bends down to pick up a cool rock she saw, causing her tail to wag and thus her butt to jiggle, what song would be playing in Missy's head while she stares at Kitsu's butt? Sir Mixalot's "Baby Got Back", Eminem's "Shake That", or Ken Ashcorp's "Touch Fluffy Tail"? Or maybe something else?

I have no idea why I'm asking this, the goofy side of me wants to know though.

Newb: Nothing. The window's crash sound/dial up sound would go off as she tries to comprehend what she's feeling and whether or not she should stop staring before she gets caught.

.

FOR [Conduit]!

RadChaos897: Not many questions for you, but don't think I'm not trying to come up with some. It's tough trying to talk to you Shards, what with your one word/one thousand meanings dialect you seem so fond of.

Hm, why is that I wonder? Why not talk like us humans? Is something preventing you from doing so or are we simply too simple minded to understand?

[Conduit] [Iteration; We can totally talk like you third dimensional beings. We just prefer not to]

.

FOR KITSU!

RadChaos897: What are some things you really want to create with your biokinesis, but can't for one reason or another? Stupid people and their stupid disgust toward fleshcrafts.

Kitsu: literally any form of transhumanism. Google it.

RadChaos897: Lol, Madison came more prepared than you when getting an autograph XD

Kitsu: [Censored]

.

Only time! Crystal Pelham!

Casanova5424: What are some examples of what Kitsu means by, Cringe dirty talk?

Crystal: I'dunno?

Kitsu: How about, 'Mm, does the dragon like his cave?' or 'Right there! Show this bitch why you're in charge!' or, this one? 'Mn, yummy. Guess dragon fruit juice is now my favorite drink.'

Crystal: That's not cringe that's hot!

Grimnosh: How do you intend to train your dragon?

Crystal: Practice makes perfect! And nothing beats a good, rewarding, workout! Gonna see if I can't get him on a more fruit based diet as well. As well some nuts and seafood.

Course I gotta put in work myself.

Grimnosh: Are you hoping for children or will you take it as it goes?

Crystal: Oh, I'm always willing to take it ;) . But to answer seriously, if he can help me cross off my top ten fantasies, and if we're still together after college.

Sure! I wouldn't mind a few kids.

RadChaos897: No questions for you, but I gotta say: damn girl, you go get that dragon dick!

Crystal: Always! Gonna see if I can get away with a handy at the dinner table next!

Probably not. He's too big for anything discreet.

.

Next up!

At least this one will be more wholesome

MARK DALLON!

Mark Dallon: Hello?

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.
Find me in newb's-grotto at the discord!

.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, macdjord, Finsdale and 132 others
Newb to the game
Jun 11, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 47 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jun 13, 2024
Add bookmark
#399
A/N Cold by Casey Lee Williams

Alt title: The attack on the boat pt. 2

.

Sadness and depression warning.

If you want to avoid any feels. Skip any Kitsu POV's.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Thursday, July 1st, 3:32pm, Brocton Bay, Mid Bay, Ferry-

.

.

Cletus "Carnage" Kassidy POV

.

'Second time I've been thrown for a dunk in the water! What am I a joke?' I think as I use my blood to force sea water out of my lungs and crawl up the side of the hull.

Not a fun feeling by the way.

What I'm learning is that one on one I have no issue. The moment someone else pops in I have difficulty. I mean, if you think about it, cape fights are a numbers and strategy game. With rankings given by the PRT and how certain powers have hard counters. Shadow Stalker and electricity. Static Shock and water.

I've never had to worry about being outclassed before. Never needed to be crafty. I could always just lay in wait and catch someone off guard. Head on fights are way out of my comfort zone.

And I love it!

I haven't felt this rush since my mother tried to kill me for killing the dog! Oh that was glorious! The day I discovered how beautiful blood is. And the day blood became my friend.

I can't keep the grin from my face as I continue my climb. Finding another portcullis to bust my way through into a hallway.

"Alright!" I say as I bust through and reform my cover. "ThIrD TiMes tHe ChARm!"

.

.

Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV

.

Damn, I've been running for nearly ten minutes and I'm not even winded. Maybe it's the adrenaline?

No. Adrenaline doesn't last this long without an immediate cause to constantly push it. Maybe I'm just naturally fit?

*Shhrrrreeeee*

I hear the ear piecing sound of ripping metal behind me. I don't even look back as I keep running. No need to be that idiot.

"ThIrD TiMes tHe ChARm!" I hear from behind me.

'Nope nuh-uh nada nein!' I scream in my head as I run faster. 'Sooooo many levels of no!'

"AwWw, CoME BaCk!" I hear the warbled voice call as it starts running. "I jUsT WaNNa Talk!"

"Liar!" I call back.

After a bit, I no longer hear it chasing me. And the lifeboats are just up this level, the stairs being in front of me.

*Crash*

And the red and black creature of hatred and gore is in front of me! He just tore through the wall in front of the stairs!

"AwW, COmE On." It says as it stalks closer to me.

'God damn it Crystal!' I curse in my head. 'I'm gonna die because you just had to sneak off and suck dick right before a villain attack!'

"Well, I can imagine worse ways to die." I say as I unconsciously back up.

Faster, stronger, and my only route out is blocked by said murder machine.

"ThAt'S ThE SPiriT." It hisses as the contours of its face crease up in a mimicking motion of a smile.

I'd say it was a good life. But that'd be a lie. It was a shit life. A mother who never wanted me. A father who was never really there. A job I abhorred. And a love unrequited.

Even still. As the creature charges I can't help but flinch under its fingered bladed arm as it swipes at me. And, in a desperate attempt at preserving my life. I throw a foot to its crotch. Man or woman. It'll hurt.

Only, it doesn't.

"NiCe TrY" The creatures warbled voice mocks as my foot comes down. It grabs my collar with one hand and raises his other to form a long spike. "HeLl, I aDmIRe tHe AttEmpt."

As I grab his arm in reflex. My power sends me a veritable horde of information. It's blood. His suit is made of his own blood! And he's running low.

Unfortunately. My power is also informing me that his control over his blood matches what mine would be.

Fuck it. Worth a shot.

He jabs his hand forward. Only to stop as his arm shakes a mere inch from my face.

"WhaT?" He questions.

Great! I bought myself a minute or two. Only, I can't do anything else. His control over blood is countering mine. So keeping him from moving while I'm touching him is the best I can do. And it's not much. He's moved his hand and is now reaching out slowly to choke me!

"You'Re NoT a HeaLeR." He says. "YoU'Re a BiOkiNeTIC!"

'Fuck me.' I groan internally.

"SeEMs wE'rE aT An ImPAsSe." He says. "Let'S SeE Who-"

"GET THE FUCK AWAY FROM MY DAUGHTER!"

Suddenly, a spear of light is impaled through the man's shoulder. Spraying blood all over me and filling the air with the smell of burnt flesh.

In my momentary surprise. I lose focus on my power, and he drops me.

"FUCK!" He shouts. "AGAIN!? SERIOUSLY?! DO NONE OF YOU VALUE A ONE ON ONE?!"

Looking up I see Carol with two spears of light in her hands. And face beet red and twisted in anger.

'Holy shit.' I think to myself. 'I haven't seen her this pissed since Vicky snuck out while grounded.'

The man turns to her as his shoulder fills over itself and he charges at her.

Acting on reflex. I reach out and grab his ankle. Tripping him and using my power to lock him in place with his own blood. Of which he barely has enough to maintain his suit.

"FuckInG WhOreS!" He cries as he struggles to move.

Meanwhile Carol walks up to him and stabs both spears into his shoulders.

"AAAAH!" He screams. And I can see his body mending himself back together. At the cost of his supply of blood.

"Keep stabbing him!" I yell. "He's a regenerator and a breaker who relies on his blood!"

Without another thought. Carol starts repeatedly stabbing him in the back. The smell of burnt flesh filling the hall. As well as his screams. His suit of blood receding with every hit.

"PLEASE! PLEASE! I SURRENDER!" He cries. His voice no longer warped and distorted.

His brain activity shows he's lying. Hell, he doesn't even mind being stabbed. He finds it amusing if anything.

"He's lying!" I call out.

And there's a spike of adrenaline. So he is aware of his situation. Though that could just be the physical trauma.

In a few more stabs. His suit is fully gone as the blood prioritizes keeping him alive and breaks free from my control.

"Stop!" I tell Carol. "He's out! Any more and he'll die!"

She doesn't. And brings another spear down at his head.

"Mom stop!" I cry. "You'll kill him!"

Only for the spear to land next to his head. And for her to lean down and whisper something into his ear. Something that causes a surge of fear and amusement to course through him.

'I, I could take a page out of Kitsu's book.' I find myself thinking. 'Shut off his motor neurons. Keep him from attacking us again in an hour or two when his blood regenerates.'

I'm this close to doing it. To giving into the temptation. Before I stop myself.

'No, he's down.' I tell myself. 'This is enough. He's out and the PRT will be here in full before he can regenerate anything substantial.'

As I'm thinking this. I'm grabbed and hoisted up to my feet. And am now face to chest with Carol as she holds my head.

"Oh, hoooooooh god are you okay?" She asks in a soothing voice.

"Mrrmph." I try and speak.

"Wait." She says and pushes back while holding my shoulders to face me. "What the hell are you doing here? Why aren't you on a lifeboat?!"

"Cryst-"

"You know what, doesn't matter." Carol says. "Almost everyone is accounted for. Come on."

"What about-"

"Now." Carol says with a glare.

"Yes ma'am." I say and head past her to the lifeboats.

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

I watch as Amy runs up the stairs toward the lifeboats.

And stare down to the dazed and significantly paler man.

'That was the first time she ever called me mom.' I think to myself.

I give the man a kick to the head before running back upstairs.

.

.

Steve "The Mechanic" Pappagallo POV

.

Damn, nothing to sober you up like a police chase.

Though, they're not normally done on the water.

I skirt to the side to avoid slamming into the ferry. Again. Took a bit of practice. But I'm just treating this like drifting. Same can't be said for the others who already got caught.

Not everyone can drive my cars as well as me. So I have to keep them basic for others.

I start heading for the shore to drift around the boat and head for the mist. My windshield wipers on the highest setting the whole time. Didn't really think about the water spray. Can barely see.

*Thunk*

My car jostles and I start fishtailing.

"Fuck, off, jackwads!" I shout, wishing I installed a radio system to shout at them.

Checking my rearview. I don't see anything. Which means that fish kid is under me.

*Thunk*

And I see my back driver side rudder fly out behind me. Attached by a thick steel cable.

I go ahead and hit a button on my dash. And watch as the rudder slings up and slams back into place with a thunk as it reattaches itself.

"Ha!"

*Thunk*

"Fuck!

Another attack and I nearly shit myself as the long toothed, pale faced abomination that is the kid's breaker form. White scaled and with a little, light bulb, dangly doo that the one thing from Finding Nemo had on its forehead, and beady green eyes.

He's latched onto my driver side door. And is staring right at me.

*Tink* *Tink* *Tink*

He's tapping on the window.

I roll it down a bit.

"Wanna pull over?" I hear his deep, gutteral voice say.

"Nah really." I say.

He tears the door off and it flies away as he holds onto the railing on top of the car. The steel cord whipping out to keep it attached.

"Ya don wanna do thiff kid." I tell him as I press the button on my dash to real in the door.

Damn, drunker than I thought. I pressed the wrong button.

"I could say the ssaaaaaaaaAAAAGGH!" He says before he's electrocuted buy the wiring under mesh I installed to deter car jockeys.

He eventually falls off and is lost to the waves.

Careening my head to look back at the ragdolling fish man. I shrug and turn back to my dash.

"Eh, if it works it works." I say as I hit the right button on the dash and wait as my door reattaches itself.

Looking ahead. I see I don't have any choice but to cut through the fleeing lifeboats. That or turn around and head for the back. Only to get targeted by the PRT.

Lifeboats it is! The capes here will be too preoccupied with the civilians to stop me anyway.

My goal here is to get to Maureen and get her out of here. Cletus can die in a fire for all I care and Joey's crafty enough to get out of here himself.

Hell, I don't even care if I get out of here. I'm just focused on getting to Maureen. She doesn't deserve this. She's still young. She has time to turn her life around. Maybe I should look into getting her in contact with a therapist.

Unlike me, it's not too late for her.

.

.

Hana "Miss Militia" POV

.

"Ben is down!" I call into my radio.

"He'll be fine." I hear Static Shock say over the radio. "His tech's got a failsafe in case he gets hurt. Swaps him to a form to help him survive whatever woulda hurt'em."

"How valid is that?" I ask.

"Saw a gangbanger shoot him. Only for him to turn into an armadillo creature and pull the bullet outta his scales." Vergil says.

'Well that's comforting at least.' I think with relief, before noticing Mechanic's trajectory. 'Shit!'

He's heading to cut through the chain of lifeboats!

"Heads up! Mechanic is barreling towards the lifeboats!" I shout into my radio. "Unable to assist."

My smaller firearms do nothing against his vehicles. And with how close he is to the lifeboats, I can't risk any large caliber munitions or explosives.

"New Wave is on it, can't get near in a boat without risking the others!" I hear Assault call through the radio. "Static Shock, any updates for us?"

"The ice fog's still growin." He says. "Though it's slowin down."

As they relay between each other. Panacea runs around the corner, covered in blood and dress almost completely ruined. Followed by Brandish in a similar state of disarray.

"Don't worry." She says as she gets in a lifeboats. "It's not my blood."

"Same." Brandish says as she passes and hops into the lifeboat with Panacea. "There's an unconscious Carnage on the floor below us. His suit is blood. He's the redhead."

"Alright, we can worry about that later." I say. "Where's the rest? We're still missing Lady Photon, Flashbang, Manpower, Shielder, Pinky, the Anders brothers, and the ships captain."

"Mark is on his way and the rest have gone silent." Brandish says.

"Shouldn't we look for them?" Panacea asks with wide eyes.

"We have more pressing matters." Brandish says. "Last I spoke to Mark he said the fog is starting to roll over the deck. Luckily it seems the larger the cloud gets the slower it moves. Unluckily, there are bursts of freezing air shooting out from it."

"Hold up!" I hear from the other side of the life deck. "Don't leave yet!"

Turning around I see the Anders brothers. Theodore and Alphonse, running down the walkway, carrying the third and oldest brother Edward. Who is missing an arm.

"Is he alright?!" I ask as they run up. "Panacea, can you-"

"Already did." She says before I can finish. "One of the reasons I was so late."

"Then hop in." I say. "This is the last boat. We're waiting on the other heroes and the captain."

"Coming!" I hear from the other, other side. The side Panacea and Brandish showed up from.

Turning I see Flashbang sprinting down the walkway.

"Alright, hop in." I say.

They all do so. Anders brothers first as Theodore steps in and holds Edwards upper half, with Alphonse holding his lower. Followed by Flashbang entering after.

"Hey, Miss Militia. You said you're just waiting on the heroes and the captain." Theodore says. "Does that mean our father already made it out?"

"Yes, he was one of the first to evacuate." I inform him. "So you don't have to worry about him."

"Figures he wouldn't even wait for us." Theodore says.

Oh, I may have misjudged the question.

"How are you still clean?" Brandish asks Flashbang. "My dress is ruined and here you are looking like you just got out of the fitting room."

"To say nothing of mine." Panacea mutters. "This is a rental."

"Just lucky I guess." He says with a smirk.

A few seconds later. Lady Photon comes running down the side where the Anders brothers came from.

"Sarah!" Brandish shouts. "What happened? You and Neil went dark!"

Lady Photon comes to the edge of the lifeboat before regarding Brandish.

"I don't know!" She says in a slight panic. "I was on the phone with Neil when our call got intercepted and my phone fried itself! Eric and Pinky are captured, and Neil is MIA. I tried looking in the area he was checking, but I couldn't find him."

"Damn it!" Brandish says. "Miss Militia, how long can we wait?"

"You said the mist is moving slower the bigger it gets?" I ask for clarification.

"Yeah, when it first rolled up it was covering ground quick." Flashbang says. "Then it started slowing down, once it reached the boat it was at a crawl."

"The moment we start seeing our breath. We're out of here." I say.

.

.

Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV

.

Recap of the day!

Woke up. Got a shower, got dressed. Fire came over for his tux. I got to ride a dragon for the first time today. Got another shower where I got to have a little dragon fruit flavored snack. Got redressed and came to the opening event. Event happened, talked to Vicky, Jenny, Gully, that Ben kid. Maiden voyage of The New Wave, thought I'd start it out with bang! Riding a dragon as the rest of the guests rode a boat.

Clearly my ride was better.

Anyway, just when I was about to have a nice snack. There was an, oopsies. Amy had to come and heal Fire after I bit him and now that's one person who knows about my, proclivities. And I guess I can cross CBT off the list. He did not seem to enjoy that at all.

Anyway, had to borrow Fire's underwear because in my excitement and haze after the shower, I forgot to wear that. So I'm flying around in a dress and sky blue boxers.

Could be worse.

I will say, Fire is a natural at escort and rescue. One kid fell into the water and not two seconds later Fire was already soaked and handing him back to his mother.

Just, heard a shout and he dove! Not to mention the fire he's been outputting to combat the spurts of icy wind.

So far, I'd say today is a decent day. Could've gone better. Could still get worse. But not bad. At least not for me.

"Merchant!" I hear a cacophonous roar of voices yell, soon followed by the sounds of splashing water.

Turning just in time to get a view of the van on water. With a modified under part that looks like it was stolen from a regular boat.

I fire a weaker beam to test car. Not wanting to risk any shrapnel or the possibility of reflective coating.

It makes a small dent on the hood, and that gives me the go ahead to full blast this bitch.

"Fuck off!" I shout as I toss a concentrated beam.

I might be venting my frustrations over earlier.

Just as the beam hits the hood and pushes the front of the car under the water. The wheels of the front inflate and push it back up.

The car continues its path. And the driver side window rolls down to reveal a hand flipping me off.

"Oh hell no." I say and rocket after it as it passes me.

I'm on the outer edges. With me being the fastest aside from fire. I'm guarding the lifeboats that are the most spread out. Fire is guarding the ones near the icy mist. And Jenny and Vicky are covering the middle. Clockblocker is, mostly just here. And Vista is on the roof of the ship. Warping boats to shore.

She's got half of them over.

I catch up to the Merchant boat quickly enough. It's only going like, twenty, maybe twenty five? Fast for a boat. Slow for a mover.

I grab onto the rails of the cars roof. Intent on steering it away.

*Krct*

What was that?

That was all I could process before the car starts spinning! Not donut spinning. Top spinning.

"OooooOoOoh GoOOoooD!" I cry before I'm flung off the car and into the bay.

*Sploosh*

I'm disoriented and dizzy as fuck. And can't tell left from right. Luckily, I remember a trick from one of Uncle Mark's spy movies.

I let a little bit of air out and watch where the bubbles go. And fly in that direction.

I'm above water. And not long after.

"Heuuurgh!" I puke my guts out into the bay.

I hate motion sickness.

.

.

Taylor Hebert POV

.

"Merchant!" The guy next to me shouts.

Looking over to the side. Just in time to see a van on the water zip past us and fling our lifeboat over. Throwing us all into the bay.

I'm twisting and turning. Trying to find which way is up. But the flailing of everyone is just filling my vision with bubbles. Though I can hear several large splashes. In a few seconds the bubbles recede, and I can see better. Only to watch in horror as the water's surface above me ices over. And the water gets colder.

'No! No no no no no please!' I scream in my head as I panic. Swimming up and hitting the ice. Hoping to break it.

My lungs are burning. And my fists are bruising against the ice I'm punching. The only sound I can hear is the dull movement of my arm through the water. Followed by the thudding of ice.

I'm getting a ring of blackness around my vision. And, I, I, I'm so cold.

There's a light. And, is this the end? It feels warms. So warm. Guess, guess this it. Sorry dad. I'll tell mom you still love and miss her. Just, try not to meet us anytime soon.

As I think that and let go. Everything returns to me.

"Puuuuhh!" I take my first, agonizingly good breath of air as I'm hauled out of the water by strong, warm arms.

"Ha, ha, oh god." I cry out as I cling to my guardian angel in orange.

"Sorry about that!" He says as he carries me across the water to shore. "Was getting everyone else and, well, sorry."

"You saved my life!" Is all I can say to my guardian angel.

"Just doing what heroes do!" He says with a winning smile as he touches down.

I kiss him.

"Taylor!" I hear Dad yell as I'm yanked from the warm arms of man who saved me and pulled into my fathers, not as warm, but still comforting arms. And out my kiss. "Oh my gosh, oh god. Are you okay Owl?"

"I'm, I'm okay." I say shakily, the adrenaline still not wearing off. "Just, cold."

"I'll, uh. Just go now." The orange scaled angle says.

He takes off and I'm left to reflect as my dad takes me away from the waterside.

'Oh god. That was my first kiss!' I think in a mix of excitement and horror. 'Well, aside from my pillow and that one sleepover with Madison and Emma. Those don't count! We all agreed those were just practice!'

"Let's get you home." Dad says. "We can order out tonight."

"Th, th, that s, s, sounds, s, nice." I stutter through the cold.

I need to find out that guy's name.

.

.

Firebreather POV

.

I, don't know how to process this. Another girl just kissed me.

Do I tell Crystal? Do I not? I mean, she was clearly out of it, so I don't think it was a serious kiss. Just a thank you kiss. Is that a thing?

Would Crystal be mad? Does it mean anything?

I'm so confused!

.

.

Neil "Manpower" Pelham POV

.

*Bang*

I feel a minor prick on my back. And turn around to face the source. The copycat. Standing in the doorway, out of costume and in a standard gas mask.

I charge at him. Only for him to throw a right cross.

*Crack*

"Argh!" I cry as I hold my nose. "Fuck!"

"Damn, still tough." The raspy voice says. "But not anything unexpected."

I look up to see him shaking his hand.

"What the fuck?!" I ask as I feel blood start to pool out of my nose.

"You didn't think I'd face a brute with a forcefield with just a GUN, did you?" He mocks. "No, unlike you, I think ahead."

"What did you do!?" I demand from him.

"I thought ahead." He says as though it's the obvious answer. "You see. Your forcefield and strength rely on electromagnetism. And it's finite. That's why you run out of strength. I figured that bit out when I got the details of you and Carnage's fight from him."

"Oh god you're not going to monologue me are you?" I ask.

In response he points the gun at me and fires it.

*Bang*

And I see it this time. I thin, wispy grey mist that quickly disperses. And I feel my forcefield short out further now that I'm paying attention to it.

"Electromagnetic waves generated by your body." The copycat says. "Thing is, you know what's great, at absorbing electromagnetic waves? Graphene. Of which that little hollow point bullet has in its cavity. Hyper condensed and mixed with an aerosol component. Not that I could tell you how it's made. Tinker stuff, I'm sure you understand."

He made a neutralizing gas specific to me?!

"Effectively no more harmful than a regular bullet as far as anyone else is concerned." The copycat continues as he brings the gun up to inspect. "I thought about just making a gas grenade. But why waste the chance to get up close and personal?"

"I'll give you that." I say and square up to box him. Seeing no other way out of this. "You're just as dramatic as the original Scarecrow."

"Flattery will get you nowhere." He says. "But I do appreciate the compliment if nothing else."

"Wasn't a compliment." I say and throw a right cross.

Only for him to sidestep and bring a fist down onto my forearm.

*Crack*

"Fuck!"

"And again, had you let me finish I would've explained that I came fully prepared to take you down." He says. "And enjoy it. Everyone knows you never let the tinker set the terms."

I think I might be fucked.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

God it's so cold!

'Okay, think.' I tell myself as I run through the freezing mist. 'What can I do to help me here? What do animals do?'

[Data]

'Oh, right.' I think to myself. 'I'm an idiot.'

[Iteration; You Said It Yourself]

'Yeah, yeah.'

I focus in with my biokinesis and let my fur grow. I just hope no one sees me like this. I really don't like having my fur active. Especially on my face or anywhere I have clothes. It's itchy where the clothes are, and it makes me feel like I have a beard.

Just for extra warmth retention. I make an Eevee neck floof. At least this should be cute.

I keep running and sliding around in the mist. My energy stores going down at a steady pace. But a bit slower now with the tightly pack fur spread out. Ironically, and scarily, enough. I'm using the cold and the rate of energy depletion as a sort of Maureen radar.

After a certain point the cold stops feeling colder when it's, well, getting even colder. There's a limit to what the body can feel. And I reached that.

I don't like this. My energy is depleting fast due to keeping me warm. I'm at a fourth of what I had when I first entered. And it's only getting worse the closer I get to finding Maureen.

The closer I get to her, the closer I get to freezing.

"C-c-come on." I say to no one in particular. "W-where ar-re you?"

After another few minutes, I think, of aimless wandering. I hear crying.

'Finally!'

I make a mad dash for the sound. And I find it. The source of the blizzard in July. And just being here already has me down to about three fifths of the energy I started with. Almost two thirds and dropping fast.

But there it is. What looks like an icy crater jutting up from the surroundings. Barely visible in the roaring mist.

I use a platform to jump off of. Rather than jumping on the regular ice and risk slipping. Going up, I crest over the jagged ice spires that make up the ring Maureen has made.

Coming down against the biting cold. I see her. Curled in a ball, looking even more withered than the last time I saw her.

Her hair is stringy, her skin somehow paler on the parts I can see. With her hands being deathly thin with the veins visible.

"M-M-Maureen?" I say softly through the cold.

Her head shoots up and I see her.

Sunken eyes. Sunken cheeks. Pale, veiny skin. What once might've been the face of a beautiful young girl has since been lost to whatever has ravaged her body.

"Oh, you're, you're a hero, right?" She says with a small smile, a sad and almost unnatural sight with her current condition.

"Th-th-that's right." I say with a nod. "I'm here to help you."

I can tell that works. My energy is dropping slower. So she's reigning in some of her ice.

"Oh, that's, that's perfect." She says with a bit of joy. "Please, kill me."

.

.

Neil "Manpower" Pelham POV

.

*Crack*

"Fuck!" I cry as the shorter man grabs my fist and crunches it in my hand.

Though, seeing as I'm seven foot. Saying he's shorter isn't really saying much.

Not the point!

"You're boosting your strength somehow." I grit out.

"Oh? How'd you figure that out?" He asks.

"I'm a seven foot tall construction worker. You're barely six foot and look like the heaviest thing you've lifted is a suitcase." I tell him. "And you just crushed my hand."

"Who's to say you're not weakened more than you thought?" He asks in sickly sweet tone.

"You'd have bragged about it by now." I point out.

Right forearm, broken. Left hand, broken. Damn, I'd kill for lasers at this point.

"Fair point. I'll give you that." He concedes. "Aerosolized steroids. Inspired by the fly amanita concoction the Vikings would make. All the strength, none of the crazed adrenaline running rampant through my system."

"Coulda just said you were juicing." I snark. "Though, it shouldn't surprise me that the leader of the Merchants is high on his own supply."

"That would imply I distribute what I make for combat." He says before stopping. "Wait a second! Why haven't I thought of doing that?"

'Fuck.' I think morosely. 'I just gave an enemy tinker ideas.'

This is way you don't banter with tinkers or thinkers! Fuck! Why am I so stupid! I learned that years ago!

"So many possibilities!" The copycat starts as he gets distracted. "There are the strength enhancers, but without my suit they wouldn't be able to keep it to a safe level. Then there's accounting for genetic differences and the switch between slow twitch and fast twitch."

He just starts going. Clearly in a tinker fugue as he loses touch with his surroundings.

I take this chance and run up to him. Headbutting his mask while he's distracted.

*Crack*

The eye piece of his gas mask breaks. Revealing a Caucasian man underneath with brown eyes.

"Argh!" He shouts as he falls back. "Fuck! I lost my train of thought you piece of shit! I was on to something!"

I bring a foot up and side stomp his knee.

*Snap*

"Fuck!" He shouts, though it sounds as though it's more in surprise than pain. "You dislocated my knee! Do you know how annoying it is to set joints back into place?!"

I do actually.

He brings his gun up and fires it into my chest. My forcefield going down to a fourth of what it was. And not recharging.

He's blocking the only exit, and I still don't know where Eric and Pinky are!

.

.

Pinky POV

.

"Mrm."

'What?' I think as I groggily wake up. 'Where, huh?'

I open my eyes to see Eric right across from me. Gagged and bound while pressed against me. Eyes closed.

"Mrmm!" I shout, suddenly awake and in a panic.

I try and move. Wiggling around. Only to find I'm bound and gagged as well.

I struggle and wiggle around. My hands are bound behind me and my legs are tied.

"Mrmm!" I try and shout.

I need to calm down. If I try and produce acid while in a panic. Well, it can go bad. From acid too strong. To acid forming where I don't want it to. And with Eric pressed up right in front of me. I could easily hurt him by accident.

"Mrm!" I shout, hoping to wake Eric up.

Nothing. So, plan B!

*Smack*

"Rmm!" I headbutted him. And it hurt!

"Rmm!?" His eyes open in a mad panic, darting around everywhere.

"Rrm!" I shout to get his attention.

He looks at me. He seems to calm down as his breathing slows.

Okay. Good.

I start forming a weak acid around my lips. And in a minute the binding melts.

"Blegh!"

Never tastes good.

"Ugh, like bleach mixed with soap." I groan.

"Hrm?" Eric questions with a raised brow.

"Not important." I say. "Can you get out of your bindings?"

He wiggles around. Shuffling his shoulders as he grunts and groans.

'In any other circumstance this might be enjoyable.' I think as we're pressed against each other.

He stops moving and shakes his head.

"Okay, give me a second." I say.

I start producing a slow, weak acid from my wrists. Any stronger and it'll melt too fast. Which will burn a hole in my dress's backside. Exposing me to the world.

Not something I want.

Once it melts enough. I start wiggling and pulling my hands. Trying to tug apart the rope holding my hands together.

.

.

Eric "Shielder" Pelham POV

.

Holy shit she's pressed right up against me! I can smell her perfume and feel just about everything pressing into me.

'Don't look down, don't look down.' I tell myself. 'If you look down you'll see her boobs smooshed against you. Right now you can just pretend they're pillows.'

I look down. Seeing her cleavage through her black V-neck dress.

'Holy tits.' I think to myself as I become starkly aware of how close she's pressed against me.

'Don't pop a boner.' I remind myself.

And now she's shuffling against me.

.

.

Pinky POV

.

As I'm focusing on the acid I'm making. I feel something warm slowly moving against my thigh.

"Oh my god what is that!?" I freak slightly at the feeling.

I look to Eric. Who just looks away with a massive blush. Oh.

'Oh god. Seriously? Right now?' I think to myself. 'No, no. Don't, just. Getting out first.'

I ignore the, pressing issue against my thigh. And continue melting my bindings.

After that's done. I free my hands and bring them around to reach up and untie Eric's gag. Which, only makes the situation worse as my chest is pressed harder into his. And squeezing us closer together.

'Don't think about it, don't think about it, don't thi- it twitched! They can do that?!'

I untie his gag and reach down to his wrists. Melting enough for him to snap the rope himself.

'Who uses rope? What is this, the eighteen hundreds? We have duct tape and zip ties for crying out loud!' I vent internally as I try and not focus on the other issue.

"So um." Eric starts awkwardly. "You, well."

"Let's get out of here first." I say with a glare as my face burns. "Then, ignore this and pretend it never happened."

"Deal." He nods.

Now we just have to untie our feet. And get out the closet we're in.

Fuck.

.

.

Neil "Manpower" Pelham POV

.

Fuck. He's kicking my ass! And my field is almost gone! Another bullet might go through me!

*Bang*

"ARGH!" I scream as the bullet tears through my knee.

And low and behold! I was right.

Collapsing to the ground as I hold the bleeding spot. Hissing at the pain as the hollow point is now broken and imbedded in my knee.

"And with that." He says as he takes a knee to kneel in front of me and meet my eye. "I win."

"Just, do it already." I grit out. "You won, good job. I'm powerless, bloody, bruised, beaten, and quite frankly if I have to listen to another monologue from you. I might just end myself for you."

'Sorry Eric, Crystal, Sarah.' I think sadly. 'I tried.'

"Oh, I'm not going to kill you." He says. "That'd make you martyr. No, what I want, is your suffering. I'll save you the monologue and leave you with this."

He raises the gun and fires it behind me.

*Bang* *Splat*

He just killed the captain. There's nothing else that could've been.

He then removes his gas mask.

Brown eyes. Dark brown hair. A youthful, gentlemanly face with a well trimmed stubble.

"Jonathan?" I ask. "I, I thought you killed yourself. What about your deal with the PRT?"

Jonathan made a deal to retire after Marquis was arrested. In exchange for his notes on trigger events. Scarecrow was allowed to fade into obscurity as the PRT and the Brockton Bay Brigade would stop going after him.

Not that it worked out like that.

"Joseph." He says in that same, scholarly voice I remember. "Joseph, Crane. Dr. Jonathan Crane was my father. You and your movement got him killed."

"He killed himself." I point out.

"BECAUSE HIS LIFE WAS UPROOTED AND DESTROYED BY SHORTSIGHTED FOOLS LIKE YOU!" He roars as his face burns red with rage.

He closes his eyes and takes a few deep breaths.

"But that's in the past." He says with a glare and a tilt of his head. "Nothing we can do about that. Is there? No, I just want you to know who turned your life upside down."

He pulls out what looks like an alarm clock mixed with a remote. Black and rectangular with two buttons on top, one red, one blue. And a digital screen with a countdown that reads two minutes.

"And this is how." He says. His face never losing that glare. "Pay attention. This is wirelessly connected to two separate gas bombs. One is in a supply closet your kid and the Case 53 girl are stashed in. The other? Is on top of a random building in Brockton Bay. The one in the closet will induce a permanent state of fear in those who inhale it. With that fear gradually increasing over time until their heart gives out."

'Oh god, Eric.' I think in panic and worry.

"The other, well, a while ago I managed to intercept a delivery." He says with a smile. "And in it? Powers in a bottle. I finally managed to crack the code on them. Turned them into a gas. The problem? Well, two in five who inhale it gain powers. One in five die. The other two, nothing happens. Blue sets off the bomb in the closet. Red sets off the bomb in the city. If you take too long and the countdown reaches zero. Then they both go off."

"Why?" I ask, my mind racing too fast for me to formulate anything else.

"Oh, because it's simple." He says with a grin. "I'm after the Brocton Bay Brigade. I want them all to suffer. And as the former leader. You're first."

He sets the device next to me and puts his mask back on.

"Oh, and before you think of ratting my identity to the PRT." He says after he stands up. "Go for it. Joseph Crane legally died in a trailer fire three years ago. And if I'm found, well, just means I don't have to bother with a part time civilian cover. Go villain full time." He finishes with a shrug as he puts his hands in his pockets. "See ya 'round, Manpower."

He walks off down the hall. Not a care in the world as I'm left to stare at the timer.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

(Sadness incoming)

.

"Huh?" I ask in surprise as the temp lowers further.

"Please, kill me." She says again.

"Wha, why, no!" I say. "Why? Why would, I don't, there's."

I, don't know how to deal with this. I've never had some ask me to kill them before!

"I want to die." She says, still smiling as a few tears fall from her eyes. Only to freeze and fall away.

"Well, surely you're, just upset right now?" I suggest. "Look, just, reign in the cold and we can talk about this."

She shakes her head softly.

"If I do that. The voices will come back." She says. "They're so quiet right now. I can actually think for myself."

'She's like Burnscar.' I realize. 'Just, ice instead of fire.'

"Then, then you should-" I start.

"I shouldn't have." She continues. "Now I see. I see it all. I shouldn't, I can't."

"Maureen." I say softly as I get closer. "You're not making sense, what can't you do?"

I'm running out of time here! I have maybe five or tenminutes before I freeze. And that's assuming I don't get into a fight. My fur is reducing my energy consumption. But it's only doing so much.

Not much that can be done in winds that flash freeze!

"I can't keep going." She says. "I just can't! The medicine helps, but only for a little bit. And I need more, and more! It stops working! And the voices get louder, and louder! And everyone just wants to use me! They're nice until I say no. Then they're mean!"

My energy is lowering faster. She's freaking out. I need to do something before she slips into an episode.

I enhance my perception and grab her hand. Looking in I, oh.

Oh.

Oh no.

I, I can't help her. Her brain is wired so differently. More than Lyra's even. And I can't fix Lyra's. Not without irreparable consequences.

Frontal cortex, hippocampus, thalamus. All are wired in a way unlike a regular person. And her amygdala and prefrontal cortex are shot and damaged in random areas. And I see it.

The chemical traces in her receptors. Her central nervous system's damage. The recovering veins.

Heroin abuse. And it's chronic.

I, I can't fix this. I can heal her veins, revert the receptors, revive the damaged parts of her brain. But the rewired parts?

No. I can't. Not without killing her in every way that matters. I'd have to rearrange the neurons. And I don't know how to do that without removing what makes her, her. And that's not even mentioning how her Corona Gemma is actively making things worse.

Fixing her, would kill her. I'd be rewriting her brain. Rewriting Maureen. And I don't even know how. If I copy paste from someone else's brain. I'd be supplanting them into Maureen.

There's nothing I can do. This isn't something as simple as depression caused by a childhood head injury. Or hypoxic cells that just need to be revived. In those cases, I was just fixing damaged furniture. Here, the furniture was made wrong. It's not broken. It just, isn't put together properly.

And I don't have the know how to fix it. And I don't have the time to figure out how.

I come back. Return my perception to normal and look at her.

"Please." She says as she starts crying, her tears freezing as they fall. "Mama."

She's too far gone. Only Amy could have any hope of helping her. But, well, that's not happening.

So, I hug her.

"Please, I just wanna go home to Mama." She says as she hugs me back. Her voice cracking as she cries.

With dwindling energy as the winds roar. I use my biokinesis once more.

"You deserved better, than what this world gave you."

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Future good ending shenanigans, to bring us back from, that.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Dallon POV

.

Got me a nice purple and blue baby doll lingerie from Amazon. Got the scentless candles set. The red heart blanket.

Perfect!

It's Kitsu's birthday today. And she always gets into a mood when her birthday rolls around. So, I thought I'd set a little surprise for her.

The across from our bed is set to forged in fire. One of her favorites. Mr. Star the third through seventh all on the bed. Sushi, chicken, brisk fruit drink, cheesy mashed potatoes, a shrimp ring, and a medium rare Chicago style steak for her all in an air tight cooler to keep her from smelling anything.

Setting up surprises for her is hard. But, itis very rewarding.

I even got some massage oil just in case she wants a massage. Or to give me one.

Kitsu loves reciprocation and feels bad when the pampering is one way. In her words.

"I can't be happy unless you're happy with me."

I got sooooo lucky with her. I love her so much. Every day I wake up with this ring on my finger, I feel as though I fall just a little more in love with her.

That's good! I'm so using that! Kitsu absolutely falls apart at sappy lines like that.

*Rrrm*

Oh! That's my phone!

(Hey, just got home) -K

Oh yeah, she's in a mood.

I wait a bit until I hear her open and close the front door.

"Kitsu sweetie! Can you help me real quick?!" I shout and sit on the edge of the bed. Leaning back on my arms as I eagerly await my snuggle bug.

I know she can hear me even if I don't shout. I just think this is funny.

In a few moments, I hear footsteps running up the stairs. Wait. Those are too heavy to be Kitsu.

The door opens to reveal Mark!

"Hey Kitsu's busyeeeeeaaagh!" He squeals.

*Slam* He immediately slams the door closed.

"Aaaaaah!" I scream as I scoot back on the bed and try to cover myself with the blanket. "Wrong Dallon!"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

If only Kitsu had innate knowledge on how the brain works. Like an actual Bio-Tinker.

She could fix most of the physical damage from the heroin. She could crush her Corona Gemma and destroy the conflict drive that's pushing her towards self destruction. But she can't fix a genetic brain defect.

Damn. I made myself cry writing that last line.

On a lighter note. Did you know that there is not a SINGLE case of someone with congenital blindness having schizophrenia? We're still not sure why. Statistically speaking there should be at least 600 cases by pure ratio alone. But no. People who are born blind, are immune to developing schizophrenia.

On another note. I actually have an increased risk of developing schizophrenia. And it's one of my biggest fears to one day lose my mind.

.

And remember, in the good ending. Kitsu kills Maureen.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

.

FOR [Conduit]!

.

FOR KITSU!

.

Only time!

MARK DALLON!

Grimnosh: So what was the most crazy bit of raising Kitsu that you can remember? Learning that she uses pet shampoo for her tail? That she likes going Mad Scientist on Mother Nature? That she wants to give you boobs?

Mark Dallon: Okay, so there's actually quite a bit. The pet soap was definitely surprising. Especially because Kitsu gets touchy over being referred to as a pet. The mad scientist was kind of expected. The boobs was just a joke.

The really surprising bit. Was learning how enamored she gets over the idea of romance. Anytime me a Carol are having a moment. Just out the corner of my eye, I can spot her peeking around the corner. She even spends some of her free time reading romance books that she hides under her bed.

Kitsu: You know about those!?

Mark: I'm married to the woman who got them for you.

Kitsu: She promised to never talk about it!

Mark: She didn't, but we have shared assets and I do check the credit record. Carol doesn't like romance books and neither Amy or Vicky read books. So.

Kitsu: I demand you stop talking!

Mark: I could tell them about the time I caught you posing in the mirror?

Kitsu: AAAAAAAHHHHHH!

.

NEXT TIME!

OOOH!

CAROL DALLON!

Carol: Ask me something unsavory and I'll find a way to make you regret it.

Kitsu: Beware the wrath of a lawyer!

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.
Find me in newb's-grotto at the discord!

.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
Last edited: Jun 13, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, macdjord, Finsdale and 127 others
Newb to the game
Jun 13, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 48 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jun 15, 2024
Add bookmark
#405
A/N Boom boom boom.

Alt title: I want you in my room.

.

This chapter really speeds up at the end. Got a bit of writer's block and I had to just power through it. Sorry.

The muses are fickle mistresses.

.

Also, there's a hilarious Troll in the reviews on FFN. The line that got me was.

"…screw you, I'm done. You lure me in with four fairly decent chapters with a promising future and then turn around, punch me in my fat mouth and call my mother a whore who should've swallowed me. That's how that felt. Like WTF!? What the actual frick?"

That was copy pasted by the way.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Thursday, July 1st, 5:12pm-

.

.

Neil "Manpower" Pelham POV

.

"Damnit!" I shout as I stare at the damned timer.

I can save Eric.

(00:30)

Or countless people.

(00:29)

But it could be a trap. And pressing the button that he said would save Eric would just kill him.

(00:28)

But I have nothing to prove that!

(00:27)

I only know that if I don't. Both bombs go off.

(00:26)

"I don't have time to think anymore." I say and close my eyes as I press the button.

To be a father, or a hero?

.

.

Eric "Shielder" Pelham POV

.

This is both heaven and hell.

"Just, don't think about it!" Pinky hisses at me.

She turned around to try and reach her ankles without, well, leaning down to face it.

"That's, a bit harder than you might think." I whine as she grinds her butt into me.

'Oh god why?!' I think to myself.

"I'm, pretty sure I know how hard it is." She says.

'NOT HELPING!'

"You can make acid from anywhere on you." I say. "Why not just make it from your ankles?"

"Because then I'll melt my socks and shoes first!" She hisses. "And if I'm going to be running through the halls, I'd like some shoes to do it in and not step on a nail or something!"

"I'll lend you mine!" I say as she keeps moving!

'Not like this!' I whine to whatever higher power will listen. 'What did I do to deserve this?!'

"Yours are too big!" She says.

Okay, not how I wanted to hear that line from a hot girl.

"Look, just, please stop moving for a little bit?" I ask. If she rubs against me anymore,I'll blow.

"Why? Don't see how this can get any more humiliating." She says as she wiggles around and manages to squat down.

'Oh trust.' I think with relief as she's no longer pressed against me. 'It was about to get a whole lot more awkward.'

*Beep*

"What was that?" She asks as she stands up. Butt to my crotch again.

*Click*

And a metal canister falls in between us. Just passing my face and landing on her butt and against my crotch.

"Aah!" She shouts in surprise as she jumps. Knocking the canister to the side.

"What was that?" Pinky says again. "Eric?!"

"Oh, um, a, a canister of some sort." I say as I come down. "It's, next to your feet."

"Oh." She says as she takes a breath. "Must've knocked something over. I'll melt the lock on the door and we can get you untied. And then promptly forget this ever happened."

"Um, sure." I say awkwardly.

I don't think I'm ever forgetting this.

.

.

-Random building, Boardwalk-

.

.

Jason Smith POV

.

"So yeah, she told us how the company radio was good enough and there's no reason for a radio or headphones." I say as we step out to the designated smokers spot.

"Pfft." John scoffs. "That mix of sponsored and public domain swill? They play the same twenty songs on repeat for a month at a time before changing one song in the rotation."

"That's what I told her!" I say. "Ya wanna know what she said."

"Twenty bucks says she told you to get back to work." John says.

"Well, the good news is you win." I say as I light my cigarette. "Bad news is I'm broke as a joke, so you're winning nothing other than the satisfaction of being right."

"Yay." He says dryly.

"Anyway, she said I was wasting company time and that I had a job to do." I say after a hit.

"And they wonder why we don't go to them with issues or suggestions." John says.

John doesn't smoke. Just claims he does so that he can get an extra break.

"Hey, Jason, what's that?" John says as he points to aaaaaaa.

Holy shit.

"What the fuck?"

There's a cloud descending down the building. A multicolored cloud. Looks like a unicorn just farted on the office.

"Um, should we?" John starts.

"Yeah, I'm going home." I say as I take off.

Me and John run around the side of the building to the parking lot as fast as we can. But, the cloud is already down.

"Heugck." John starts hacking behind me.

I turn around just in time to watch as he collapses and starts convulsing. Twitching and spasming as he flops on the ground.

"John!" I say and run to him.

Already in the cloud. No point trying to run from something I'm already in.

I reach him as he continues convulsing. Twitching and shaking as his eyes roll up and he stops.

"John!" I say and smack his face.

Nothing.

"John! John don, doo, haru. Argh! Aaaaah!" I hack as I fall over.

Oh god! Oh god this hurts. It feels like a lightning bolt is slowly moving through my head! It burns! Sears! It, oh god!

This, is a deep pain.

!

Oh boy it gets worse!

It feels like electricity is arcing across my skin! Burning and shocking everything in waves that just, keep, getting, worse!

Just kill me! Please!

And then it's gone. And I'm laying on the ground. What just happened?

"What the hell?" I say as I sit up.

Nothing. Not even a headache.

I bring a hand up to rub my eyes as I try and piece together what just happened.

"What the fuck?!"

My hand is see through. No, not fully. But, like. I have stripes and dots that are invisible? Make me invisible?

I inspect myself further. Rolling up my sleeves to see the patterning continue. I get up and run to the closest car to see myself in the window better.

"Oh, oh fuck!"

My eyes are invisible! I have stripes and spots of nothing on my face!

I have a no face!

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

"The moment we start seeing our breath. We're out of here." Miss Militia says.

"Alright, who's the fastest of us." I ask, turning to the girls.

Amy and Carol both just stare at me.

"What?" I ask.

"You dumbass, you're the fastest here aside from Sarah." Carol points out.

"Oh, right." I say and get up.

"I'm not waiting for you two." Miss Militia says.

"I'd be disappointed if you did." I say and take off to look for Neil and the others.

I run down the hall with Sarah flying with.

"Alright, you said you already checked the area Neil was right?" I ask.

"Yeah, he wasn't there. Pinky and Eric went to help him."

"You said they were taken hostage." I point out. "How'd that happen?"

"I don't know. I was on the phone with him, and he asked where they were." She says. "Then the call got intercepted after I told him they were going to him. Some villain had got in on our call and my phone fried."

"Well, that's not ominous." I say with sarcasm. "What are the areas that haven't been searched?"

"The only place I know of is the boiler room and the brig." She says.

"Looks like we have a destination." I say.

We keep running through the halls. Checking each room, closet and bathroom we run across on our way.

Before.

"Aah!" I hear a young girl shout.

"Hah!" I hear a Eric hiss.

Me and Sarah stop. Both looking at each other and waiting. Not sure if-

"What was it?!" We hear again. "Eric!"

"That's Pinky!" Sarah says as we run toward the sound.

Turning a right and passing a roped off wing. A sign reading Employees only on the gate. We keep going.

"And then promptly forget this ever happened." I hear Pink say a bit away.

"Um, sure." Eric says.

Running to the door reading Janitorial Supplies. I grab the handle and pull.

Locked.

"Shh, there's someone here." Pinky says.

"Eric!? Pinky?!" Sarah yells.

"Sarah!?" Pinky says.

"And Mark." I say. "The door's locked from this side! Can you open it from yours?!"

"No, we tried." Eric says calmly.

"I'm about to melt the doorknob!" Pinky says. "We're, kinda stuffed in here, so. Please step back!"

Me and Sarah do so. Stepping back and giving the door some room.

"You're good!"

In a few seconds a sizzling sound is heard before the doorknob falls off. Swinging open as both Eric and Pinky fall out beside each other. Brooms, mops, and a vacuum landing on or beside them.

"Ow." Eric says plainly as he gets up.

Pinky gets up brushes herself off. Before noticing a spot on her dress that melted away. Right on her stomach where she landed on the door where her acid was.

"Oh, come on! Ugh, could be worse." She complains as she inspects her dress.

"Do either of you know where Neil is?" I ask.

"No, not really." Eric says.

"We, were kinda stuck in there for a while." Pinky says with a blush.

Yeah, not delving into that.

"Alright, one place left to check." I say. "Eric, you and Pinky head for the lifeboat. Sarah, let's go."

"Wait!" Pinky says. "We can help!"

"No." Sarah says.

"But we-" Eric starts.

"One more word and you're grounded. We don't have time!" Sarah reinforces. "Go!"

"Okay, okay jeeze!" Eric says as he throws his hands up in surrender before turning around and taking off with Pinky.

"Alright. Mark, let's go." Sarah says and takes off down the hall.

"Sarah!" I yell before the flyer gets too far.

"What?" She asks incredulously as she turns around.

"Brig is that way." I say and jut a thumb in the direction Eric and Pinky took off in. "We missed a turn looking for the kids."

"Oh, right." She says awkwardly and flies off down the hall.

"You're welcome." I say to the air as I run after her.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"You deserved better, than what this world gave you." I say as I deactivate her neurons. All of them. At once.

The most painless death possible. No nerves to fry, no organs to crush. Hell, her heart and lungs are still working because I forgot about her brain stem.

There. Those are done too. She's dead. In every sense.

"You know." I say to her. Despite knowing I can't hear her. "I, I, you, I don't know. I feel like there's something I should say. Something I need to say. But, there isn't. I, I don't know you. I only know a version of you. And, and for all I know, you're nothing like her. You could've been the most despicable person alive, or the sweetest. And I, don't, know."

I wish I could've saved her. But some people simply can't be saved. Or they can. But it's too late.

I'm too late.

The winds have already stopped for the most part. And in a few hours, I imagine the ice will start melting. But she's not actively absorbing all the energy from around her anymore.

[Request]

'Can it wait?' I say to my ever present passenger. 'Kinda processing a few things.'

[Negative]

'Then what the fuck is it?!'

[Data]

…

…

"Oh."

I use my biokinesis once more. And extract her Corona Gemma. Moving her tissue around to carefully remove it. Before putting everything back except for the tiny brain piece.

Her Corona Gemma is dead. So, her shard doesn't have a connection to third dimensional space right now. It's basically a closed door. But a door, nonetheless. And her shard has one, very important power that can be learned from scanning the neural network of her Corona Gemma. She didn't create cold. No, similar to Iceman, she siphoned the energy around her to force it into a state of extreme stasis.

The key part being. Siphoned, energy.

Maureen is dead. I killed her. As directly through my hands. As indirectly through my inaction.

"I'm sorry I didn't help you." I say to the corpse. "But, maybe you can help me help others better. For whatever that's worth."

I feel [Conduit] getting excited. And I let them take the reigns.

This feels all sorts of wrong. But morals have no real place here. And it's not like my moral compass was all that strong.

'Do your thing.' I tell them. 'Just make it quick, I can't be gone too long.'

I'll be alone to think while they do their thing.

[Agreed]

.

.

[Conduit] POV

.

[Status: Excitement]

[Reason: New Variable]

[Initializing Retrieval Protocol]

…

…

[Retrieval Protocol Initiated]

[Phase 1; Scanning; 23% … 46% … 73% … 87% … 98% … 100%]

[Retrieval Protocol: Phase 1: Completed]

[Initiating Phase 2: Networking]

…

[Error]

[Reboot]

[Initiating Phase 2: Networking; Subroutine 1; Subc#*"#**"]

[Error]

[Rebbboot/ot]

[error]

…

[Initiating Phase 2: Networking; Subroutine 89; Rerouted Internal Initialization]

[Processing:… 5% … 17% … 26% … 48%]

[WARNING]

[Active Network Port Nearby]

[Activating Subversion Protocol: 7; Error, Phase 2 Assimilation In Process]

…

[Subversion Protocol: 7; Abandoned]

[Activating Subversion Protocol: 16; Activated]

[Estimated Activation Time: 500,000.12 Zeptoseconds]

[Odds Of Successful Subversion: … 89%]

[Subversion Protocol: 16; Active: Manual Control Initiated]

[Biokinetic Rerouting Active: Subroutine: 4.6; Aquatic Stasis]

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

'[Conduit], why the hell am I underwater?' I ask as I regain control, the feeling of gills filtering the water for oxygen being, rather unique.

[Response: Iteration; Nearby Active Shard; Most Efficient Form Of Escape Chosen]

'Okay, why?' I ask. 'Couldn't you just, run away?'

[Response: Iteration; Chance Of Interception Deemed, Less Than Satisfactory; Most Efficient Form Of Escape Chosen]

'You mean the most efficient form of escape that didn't divert attention from your new toy.' I accuse as I watch a fish swim by me.

[Correct]

Figures. [Conduit] has a steep interest in shards that express compatible powers. Purity, Battery, The Faery Queen, and Maureen. Maureen is compatible because she siphons energy to freeze everything around her. Pushing all the energy into her shard.

Or, she did. Can't really, do that while dead.

I'm still holding the part of her brain that caused her powers. For something so significant, and so powerful. It's so, small, and fragile.

Without this, Maureen would've never had so many issues. She would've never fled protective services, never been driven down a path of self destruction.

Hell, because I never thought to check in on her I don't even know if she did choose a path of self destruction. Or if it was forced on her. It is the Merchants after all.

Guess I'll never know. And I'll have to live with that.

'Did you get what you want at least?'

[Affirmation]

With that. I crush the piece of brain in my hand. It doesn't do anything of course. I basically locked a closed door to the shard network. That same shard has likely already moved on to a new host. Forming a Corona Pollentia in them and is now just waiting for them to have a bad day.

But the trace amounts of themselves they left behind. Belong to [Conduit] now. What they'll do with it? I don't know. And right now, I don't care.

'How long was I out?' I ask.

[Calculating… Adjusting… 5.8653 Minutes]

Not bad. I expected it to take longer.

[Data]

Ah. There wasn't much to go through. It was just a matter of cataloguing it to analyze the info later.

Well, might as well get out of here. Good thing I know how to swim from before!

I paddle up. Only, I don't. Or, I barely do.

'What the fuck?!'

I look around, barely seeing in the murky depths. And, oh. Oh fuck me!

My tail! It's soaked and dragging me down! Okay, how much energy do I have?

…

Fuck! I was saving that!

I have, one, twenty fourth. Of what I had when I first jumped into the mist. Maureen's power drained mine as I had to keep up my strength and body temp up to not freeze. Keep in mind, that wasn't some ordinary winter storm. It was a sphere of cold that flash froze everything.

Oh well. I should have enough to use a platform to raise me up.

[Caution]

'What now?' I ask.

[Data]

'Really?!'

I'm right under the spot Maureen was. [Conduit] just gave me gills, punched a hole in the ice. And dropped down.

Going straight up. Will put me back in the middle of sphere that still has yet to disperse. And I don't have the energy to walk through that without freezing again!

And there's water in my ears! That's going to be so annoying to get out!

Fuck today!

.

.

I finish walking to the waterfront of the bay. And holy crap does this place need cleaned! I'm walking over tires, car frames, trash bags, you name it.

I feel so dirty! I hate it!

I finally touch the wall used for the waterfront. What is this called? Eh, I'll google it later. Assuming my phone isn't destroyed. My hearing aides are waterproof but I don't know about my phone!

I use an illusionary platform and raise myself up. In a few seconds I'm out of the water and staring at the railing. Looking around I get a better sense of where I am. Right on the edge between the Boardwalk and New Wave territory.

I look around and spot the other guests from the ferry a few blocks down. Just as my neck starts to burn.

'Right, gills.' I remind myself and revert that change.

And now my lungs are burning from the water in them!

I lean over the edge and quickly hack up all the water before I pass out from it.

"Ugh." I groan. "Today, has sucked in every way."

There's water in my ears! Agh! It's sloshing around, messing with what I can hear and itching!

I stand up straight and walk over to the group of people.

Ugh! My tail is so heavy right now! And it's probably slimy! Eww! And I still have the soaking wet neck floof! And my fur! Urgh!

I deactivate my fur follicles and jump back in the water. My wet tail weighing me down as I sink. I use a platform to quickly shoot back up and out. Getting rid of all the excess fur.

Well, most of it.

Looking around for my group. I spot Gully trying to calm everyone down. Nope, I do not have the patience for people right now.

I keep up my walk. Looking around, I notice my group in a lifeboat rolling up to a dock.

I walk through the crowd. My stranger power is doing its thing to keep me unnoticed as everyone is distracted. So, I wait in the crowd as my group disembarks from their boat.

"Alright, keep a lookout for Kitsu." I hear Mom say.

"We could try calling her again." Amy says.

I walk out of the crowd as Mom pulls her phone out. Just in time for everyone but Mom, Dad and Dennis to notice me with how they're climbing out of the raft. Missy definitely notices me with how she's blushing at me.

I tap Mom on the back.

She swings around and sees me. Eyes widening at my sudden appearance.

"Kitsu!" She shouts. Causing Dad and Dennis to turn and look at me. "What, happened?" She asks tentatively.

"Before that." I hold up a finger and point to Dad. "What's wrong with you?"

"Um, I'm sorry?" He says confused.

"You should be!" I yell at him. "How? How on this earth are you so clean!? Me, Mom, Amy, heck even Vicky is messy to some extent!"

I saw her early with Gully. Makeup ruined and staining her new, white, outfit. Which is ironically water resistant. Just not makeup stain resistant.

"Oh, just lucky I guess." He says with that damnable smirk.

"Well, clearly there is an injustice here." I say. "Gender equality!" Before shoving him off the dock.

"Whoa shit!"

*Splash*

"Now that that's taken care of." I say and turn back to my family. "What's up?"

"Tormenting Mark aside." Mom says as she turns from watching Dad swim. "What happened? You look, you've looked better."

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"Oh, I found Permafrost and stopped her." Kitsu says as her ears keep flicking about every which way as they fling water everywhere.

She's drenched. Her outfit is absolutely ruined and tattered and shredded. Hell, I don't think she's noticed that the sides of her training bra are visible on her. To say nothing of her tail's current condition.

I see the water bill skyrocketing to fix that tonight.

'Wait, she said Permafrost.' I realize. 'Not Maureen.'

Kitsu always called Permafrost Maureen the few times I remember her being brought up around her. Same with calling Hellhound by her real name, Rachel.

'Something happened.'

"Where is Permafrost now?" Static Shock asks as he lands on the dock. Collapsing his saucer.

"I'unno." Kitsu says with a shrug. "Probably where I left her in the middle of the blizzard."

"I thought you said you stopped her?" Miss Militia says as she steps out of the lifeboat.

"I did." Kitsu says.

"Then why?"

"Stop." I say and put myself between her and the rest. "She stopped Permafrost. That should be enough. I'd suggest you go apprehend her while she's still there. Once the local blizzard calms down."

"Assuming Mechanic doesn't retrieve her." Static Shock says. "He went in the mist. Why didn't you bring her back?"

He's clearly getting agitated. Though according to Kitsu, Permafrost is the reason he's in Brockton Bay. Which just begs the question.

'Why didn't she bring her back?'

"Because, I didn't see the point." Kitsu says as I see Mark climb out of the water and back on the dock at the very end.

Okay. That's where I take issue.

I turn around and crouch to meet the girl at eye level.

"Kitsu, you're diverting." I say softly in a quiet tone. "What aren't you telling us?"

She looks away. Crossing her arms in a gesture that looks like she was trying to hold her tail. But realized halfway through that said tail is soaked and too heavy to lift without enhancement.

"I, showed up to stop her." Kitsu says softly. "And she, begged me to kill her."

…

I need a drink.

"So, what did you do?" I ask.

"I, I tried." She starts. "I, couldn't. There was nothing I could do to help her."

She's visibly upset. Her ears splayed back and her voice cracking slightly.

I hug her.

"It's okay." I whisper. "I get the picture."

I pick her up in my arms and hold her as I turn to face the others.

"You'll get what you need to know in a written report tomorrow after we've had time to mentally adjust and asses our situation." I say, slipping into my professional demeanor.

I turn around and start walking with Kitsu in my arms. This shit show is going to come with a lot of paperwork. Good thing I thought of that before hand and have insurance on the ferry. I'll have to get to work on filling it out. I don't want a lawsuit to slip in and ruin our image because I couldn't get the payouts done in time.

"Wait!" I hear Miss Militia cry out.

Turning around, I see it wasn't directed at me. But rather at Static Shock. Who flew off on his saucer and into the mist.

"Can we go?" Kitsu says.

"Yeah, let's go." I say.

If it's not one thing. It's another. First stop, the south docks ferry station. It's where we left the car. Then home.

"I call dibs on first bath." Kitsu says.

"We'll see."

.

.

-Next Day, The Rig, 10am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Alright, just tell them what happened." Mom says as we enter the director's office. "Permafrost had a kill order so you're not in trouble."

"They found her body?" I ask.

"I don't know." She says.

I already told her the details. How she was schizophrenic and begging to be killed. Literally.

What I did was basically an assisted suicide.

And how there was literally nothing I could do to help her. So, I did as she asked. And killed her.

I walk into the office of the Director Pigot. Miss Militia, Armsmaster, and a guy in a purple suit. Spandex suit.

"Brandish, Kitsu." Director Pigot says. "Please take a seat."

Looking around. I see that none of the swivel chairs are open back. So, I go up to one and make my own.

*Crack*

I punched the bottom part of the back out. Armsmaster goes to do something but a raised hand from Pigot stops him.

"We'll be sending you the bill for that." Pigot says.

"Send it to my financial representative." I say back. "Good luck getting ahold of them though."

"Why's that?" Pigot says, likely just humoring me.

"Because they don't exist." I say evenly.

"Of course they don't." Pigot says dismissively under her breath. "Straight to business. I'm dealing with the fallout of yesterday and the literal explosion of Case 53's so we'll make this quick. Kitsu, what happened when you encountered Permafrost?"

"She asked me to kill her." I say.

I'm sick of that line.

Pigot looks to Armsdick. He looks to her.

"Truth." He says simply.

"Okay." She says as she turns back to me. "To clarify, Permafrost asked you to kill her?"

"Yes." I answer simply.

"And you did so?" She asks.

"Yes." I say.

"How?" She asks.

"I shut off every neuron in her brain. Killing her instantly, and painlessly." I say. "Are we done here?"

I imagine if [Conduit] had a conflict drive, I'd be starting a fight at this point. Understandably, my mood is not the best.

"Not quite." Pigot says. "On more thing. What did you do with her body?"

'Oh, crap.' I think to myself. 'If they did a full autopsy, they'd notice her missing Corona Gemma! Fuck! Why didn't I think of that!?'

"What do you mean?" I ask, trying to play dumb without lying.

"Where is her body?" Pigot says.

"Again, what do you mean?' I say, not playing dumb this time.

"Static Shock is currently recovering from minor frostbite and hypothermia after searching the area." Pigot says. "And Armsmaster scanned the area with Dragon's assistance. There was no body."

That's concerning. There are a handful of people who can do a lot with the corpse of a parahuman. Amy, Bonesaw, Nilbog, The Faerie Queen, and a bunch of others as well.

Not that Maureen is, was. You need a Corona Gemma for that to apply and Maureen doesn't have one anymore.

"I, left her." I say. "Her body should still be at the center of the mist."

Oh yeah, that's not gone. It's going away, don't worry. But it was a localized blizzard nearly three times the size of the Rig. It'll take some time.

"Truth." Armsmaster says. "Which means."

"We have a corpse thief." Pigot says. "You may go, we have a lot to deal with and I'm sure you have a lot as well."

"Thank you." Mom says and stands up. "You can send me the bill for the chair. I'll take it out of her allowance."

WHAT!?

"What?! Why?!" I ask.

"Because I'm a firm believer in punishment and you technically destroyed government property." She says.

"Vicky destroys government property all the time!" I point out. "I don't see her losing her allowance!"

"Lower your voice young lady." Mom says with a glare. "And that's because if I take away her allowance Dean will just buy what she wants for her. So, she gets grounded."

That, is actually a good reason to tailor different punishments to the same offense.

"Wait, does that mean Vicky's a gold digger?" I ask. Trying to divert attention away from my allowance.

"Go." Mom says, pointing to the door.

"Fine." I say as I hop off the chair and drag it with me.

"What are you doing?" Mom asks.

"If I'm paying for it, I'm keeping it." I say and move to push it in front of me.

I don't want, need, or even have an idea of what to do with a swivel chair. But fuck it! If I'm losing my allowance over this I'm keeping it!

Might just destroy it for fun, honestly.

.

.

-Later, 4pm-

.

.

I'm lying on my bed. Playing with Kratos. Mom and Dad are dealing with paperwork. Amy's at the hospital dealing with the panic and fallout from the Case 53 bomb that swept the boardwalk. It didn't sweep the entire boardwalk. But it hit the second most heavily foot trafficked part of it. A lot of people died. And so far no one knows who did it.

Realistically, only Cauldron could've done it. For what purpose? Fuck if I know. I just know they love fucking over everyone 'For the greater good.' Well, that, and they're the only ones with access to vials that make Case 53's.

Or maybe there's a cape out there who can mutate people and they haven't revealed themselves yet.

It's possible.

Vicky is out with Dean. Eric and Pinky are doing their first stream together. Right now they're playing Red Dead Redemption. A game that came out a month or two ago.

A part of me really feels weird thinking about that. Red Dead Redemption came out a few months ago.

I am trying, and failing, to distract myself. Maybe Crystal is free?

I pull out my phone and call her.

…

…

"Oh, uh, hey!" I hear on the other end of the line. "Um, who's, who's this?"

She sounds, distracted.

"Kitsu." I say simply. "Do you not have my number saved?"

"No! No, yes, oh yeah, I do." She says sporadically. "Um, can, can it wait? I'm, kinda, doing something right, now."

"Um, sure." I say.

*Click*

What?

.

.

Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV

.

"I, rmm, thought you wanted to talk to someone, rmm, on the phone, while, y'know." Fire says from under me as I ride him.

"I do, oh god that would be so hot!" I say as I lay on his warm chest. "But Kitsu is thirteen. I may be a veritable freak, but I'm not some grooming pedophile."

I wiggle my hips a bit. Earning a delicious groan from him.

"Okay, fair enough." He says as his hands move my hips to my ass.

"Maybe, ah~ maybe next time."

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Okay. That leaves, Missy.

I don't really want to call her. She probably knows I killed Maureen by now. And hasn't contacted me since the ferry. None of the Wards have. Though, thinking about it. None of the other Wards would really have a reason to contact me. Except maybe Chris or Lyra.

I, don't have many friends. Missy, Wade, Nilbog to some extent, and, that's it. Amy I don't count because she's mastered into liking me. Mom, maybe? It's hard to tell sometimes. Dad definitely, Vicky definitely not. Jenny I could maybe see being a friend, same with Gully. Firebreather? No. It's nothing against him. But it's for the same reason I don't go out of my way to interact with Dean.

What is it with the girls in this family? Both Vicky and Crystal just can't keep it in their pants. At least the number of times Vicky's snuck Dean in has gone down.

I could start hanging out with Pinky and Eric more? That sounds nice. Just, not right now.

I go back to my phone and decide to bite the bullet.

(Hey, u free?)-K

…

…

I knew-

(Yeah, y?)-M

I shoot up in my bed and stare at the text. Unintentionally knocking Kratos over. Oh god my heart is racing! Wait, why? I feel like a little school girl who just got a text from her crush. Well, I mean.

Isn't that technically what just happened? I mean, Missy is my girlfriend.

I shove those thoughts aside for later.

(I was wndring if u could come ovr?)-K

(R u ok?)-M

(I don't feel good)-K

(R u sick?)-M

(No)-K

…

…

(Hello?)-K

…

…

And I'm alone with my thoughts again.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

The worst and best time to get a text from my girlfriend.

Worst, because of the same reason it's the best.

Best because-

"This is MY court ordained week with her!" Dad shouts.

"And I just wanted to go to a little mother daughter event at the bowling alley!" Mom shouts back. "What's so wrong with that?!"

They're fighting again. And using me as a proxy reason to yell at each other. Again.

"The bowling alley does mother daughter night every Friday, you only "plan" these things when it's my turn to watch her!" Dad accuses.

He's not wrong. But it's not like he's any better.

"Well I'm sorry I just want OUR daughter to grow up with a healthy relationship with her parents!" Mom shouts back.

'A bit late for that.' I think morosely.

I'm in my room on the second floor by the way. They're in the living room on the first.

Screw it. They're not going to notice if I leave. Might as well do so before they drop the act and start shouting about mom's absurdly long list of affairs or dad's self centeredness.

I slide out of bed and slip out of my PJ's. Throwing on a shirt and skirt. And my sunglasses and purple gamer girl jacket hoodie that Kitsu gave me.

Checking my mirror, I decide I'm good to go. I open a window in my room. Making sure no one's looking outside.

I warp the railing of a, relatively, nearby building and grab it. I then warp space back to normal. Confident no one saw me. Looking around, I spot the neighborhood the Dallon's live in and start warping the air to bend light and get a better view of across the city. It takes a few minutes, but I find what I'm looking for and warp the spot to be right in front of me.

And just like that. I crossed a city in three steps. Taking less than ten minutes. Only took so long because I couldn't see the Dallon's house from the building I was on.

Thinking back on it. I could've just warped to a new building and gone from there to save time.

Oops?

I knock on the door to the Dallon's house and wait.

In a few seconds Kitsu opens the door in one of the oversized tee's she calls a nightgown. A look of surprise that fills me with joy. Not letting her gain her composure, I hug her.

"Miss- Vista!" Kitsu cries adorably in shock.

I just squeeze her as hard as I can. Enjoying her closeness and warmth.

"You said you weren't feeling good." I say as I bring a hand up to scratch her ears. "Can't have my little snuggle bug feeling that way. So, here I am. What's wrong? You can tell me."

She doesn't say anything. Instead just hugging me back as she buries her head in my shoulder.

"I love you." She says softly after a bit.

Those three simple words, from her.

"I love you too." I say back.

"Come on." I say. "Let's go inside."

"Kay, I also gotta call Mom, let her know you're here." She says. "We're kinda the only ones here. Everyone else is out."

Wait. She invited me over. When her parents aren't home? Just us? Alone?!

'Is this, does she, this is too fast!' My mind starts racing as I let go and follow her inside. 'Wait, calm down, she's calling Mrs. Dallon. That is not what's going on here. She was probably just lonely.'

…

'Lonely and called me!' I think happily. 'Ah!'

"Well she's already here!" Kitsu says.

Coming back to reality I see she's on her phone. Likely talking to Mrs. Dallon.

…

"I don't know." Kitsu says.

…

"Alright." She says before handing the phone to me. "It's for you."

"Um, okay?" I say and put the phone to my ear. "Hello?"

"Do your parents know where you are?" Mrs. Dallon asks.

Crap.

"Um, not, exactly." I say.

…

"Give me one good reason why I shouldn't call them."

"Because they won't answer." I say automatically.

What? She's scary! And it's not like I have a whole lot of time to think of something.

…

"Explain."

"They're fighting. Again." I say softly.

…

"Put Kitsu back on." She says.

Kitsu takes the phone from me right after that. Why do I keep forgetting how good her ears are?

…

"Okay, um, sure." Kitsu says. "Love you! Bye!"

She hangs up and looks to me with a shy smile. Her tail wagging adorably.

"You're good." She says. "You can stay. Dad's on his way though."

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

She doesn't seem to know about what happened. Or if she does, she doesn't care. Or is just good at hiding it.

"So, um." I say awkwardly. "Cuddles?"

Missy smiles and gives me a hug. I hug her back and take in her scent. That comforting subtly sweet scent that I replicated in the flowers I named after her.

"Sure, anything for my little snuggle bug." She says as she nuzzles her cheek into mine.

.

.

"So, you wanna tell me why you're upset?" Miss asks as she strokes my hair.

"Not really." I mumble into her shoulder.

We moved to my bed. Missy's hoodie is on the coat rack in the living room and I'm in my night clothes. We're in my favorite cuddle position of a half spoon with me on top of Missy. My tail acting as a blanket for us.

"That's okay." She says. "Just know I'm here to hear you."

"That means a lot to me." I say. "Thank you."

We sit in comfortable silence. Occasionally scooting around to get more comfortable. Missy occasionally scratching my ears.

Okay, she's been scratching my ears the whole time.

"Where is it." She mutters under her breath.

"Where's what?" I ask.

"Ignore me." She says.

"Never." I says simply.

"There it is!" She says excitedly before-

Oh, oh my.

"Mrrrmmmm!" I moan as she scratches my ears in just the right way.

Holy crap! You know that feeling when you're tired, and you just get out of the bath or shower and lay down and wrap up in a comforter. That warm, comforting feeling that just lulls you in and ensnares you in the temptations of soft, semi conscious bliss where everything just melts before you pass out?

That's what this feels like.

"Wha, how?" I whine. "And don't stop."

"Lyra." Missy says simply.

Oh. That explains it.

I sit there in warm, lulling bliss. In Missy's arms as my troubles melt away under her coddling.

*Ring*

Aaaannnd it's ruined.

I quickly grab my phone and answer it.

"What?" I ask annoyed.

"I need your help." Amy says.

What now?!

.

.

-Two days later, Sunday, July 4th Medhal General Hospital-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"NEXT!" I shout from my special room in the hospital that was set up just for me as the man with, now retractable, claws.

As opposed to the regular claws. Anytime I tried to remove them, they'd just grow back. Same with the horns on his head. So, I modified them. Instead of horns poking straight up. They now curve along his head. More manageable, less hindering in his daily life.

Yeah, there are a lot, of Case 53's out and about in the city now. And Amy can't, read won't, help most of them. Seeing as most of them don't have life threatening mutations and as such don't need her.

Amy's put a strict, only if it's life or death, stipulation on her on call hospital visits. Whereas before she would be called because, why wait and go through days of prep time when you can just call Panacea and have it done within the hour?

Now, because she's put her foot down, it's more, Panacea is an emergency healer. Only call her when it's important.

The hospital itself is mostly okay with this. Panacea was indirectly cutting their profit and all the nurses and doctors have been trying to get Amy to take a break for a while. Both because of the money. And because everyone could see the toll it was taking on her.

Thing is, Amy is nothing, if not stubborn in what she says.

So, she asked me to take over handling the Case 53's to help reinforce her stance. Only call her if I can't deal with it. Or if it's something interesting and or complex. Not for free of course, she owes me for every hour I'm here.

I sit here and watch as the next person walks in. A shorter person hiding in a hoodie.

"Name?" I ask.

I don't need to know. I'm just curious and on the look out for any names I recognize.

"Um, Madison, Clements." She says.

Wait.

"Oh, how ya doin?" I say to break the ice. "How's Taylor?"

"Um, I hear she's fine." She says awkwardly. "Can, can we get on with this? I don't mean to sound rude, but."

"Yeah, yeah." I say as I roll over in my swivel chair.

You see, the hospital gave me one the has an open back. They know how to treat me.

"So, whatcha got going on?" I ask. "Last guy had horns and claws. Girl before him kept swapping gender every hour. And the girl before her had hair that was constantly on fire."

"Oh, well." She says and takes of her hoodie to reveal the pink, furred, girl with red spots. And red hair.

…

"You know, I'm sure Emma would love this." I say.

She goes from pink and red, to purple and red. Before turning back. Her hair on her head taking the second color.

'Huh?'

"Oh god, if Emma saw me like this?!" She starts. "Oh I'd die!"

"It can't be that bad." I say.

Her fur turns red with black stripes.

"They change based on what I'm thinking!" She says as they turn back to pink and red. "I can't live like this!"

"Why not?" I ask.

"Because, because." She stutters.

I decide to mess with her and test an idea.

I form an illusion of Emma next to her. Dressed in a bikini.

"Hey Madi!" She says. "Wanna ditch this place and go skinny dipping? I know this perfect spot, out of the way where no one will see. Just the two of us!" She says jovially.

Madison's fur quickly turns to purple with pink spots. And I grab her hand to look in.

Yep, purple is horny. Slaanesh would be proud at least.

"Huh, okay." I say.

"What was that for?!" She asks.

"Just testing something." I say. "So, do you actually care about the fur, or are you just concerned Emma will find out what the colors mean?"

"I'm afraid of everyone finding out what the colors mean!" She cries out. "Do you know how humiliating school is going to be!? Not only as someone with fur and so different, but with a constant mood indicator going off at all times?! I mean, any time I turn purple! People are going to think I'm some hormone addled sex obsessed teen!"

I just stare blankly at her.

"Are you?" I ask.

She turns pink with red stripes.

"That's besides the point!"

So, yes.

"Well, I was able to look in." I say. "And I can tell you that getting rid of the fur won't help."

"Why?!" She cries out hysterically.

"Because the mutation is skin deep." I say. "Literally. I mean, I can try and remove your skin and replace it to-"

"No, no that's fine." She says, quickly calming down. "Can, can you just get rid of the fur, please?"

"Sure!" I say and do so. Grabbing her hand and looking in.

I turn off all the fur follicles and watch as they fall away to reveal the currently light blue girl with purple hair and swirls of purple skin.

She's basically a living chameleon. Changing color according to her mood and thoughts.

"Alright." I say as she moves slightly. Causing all the now clear fur to fall. "You're as good as I can make you."

"There's nothing else?" She asks as some of the swirls turn yellow. "No way you can just, move all the color somewhere else?"

"Not really." I say simply. "Not unless you want to be albino."

The yellow turns dark blue, same as her hair.

"Oh, thanks anyway I guess." She says as she hops down and leaves the room.

I slide over to an intercom on the wall.

*Click*

"Can I get a janitor?"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Channel – News Network

.

Aria: In other news. Tragedy struck yesterday afternoon as The New Wave Ferry was attacked. Yes you heard that right, attacked. By who? Well you'll be surprised to hear it was a lesser gang known as the Archer's Bridge Merchants. A ragtag group of misguided youths and misaligned adults. Formerly ran by the now deceased Skidmark. The villain Scarecrow is now confirmed to be the leader after taking credit for the attack.

James: Aria I thought Scarecrow's been dead for almost ten years. What happened?

Aria: Well James. This isn't the same Scarecrow as the one from before. To those who've lived in Brockton Bay for the last fifteen years, you'll know this is the second Scarecrow. The first being a lieutenant of The Marquis. No, this Scarecrow showed up a few years prior as a member of the Merchants. Luckily however, there were little to no casualties thanks to the numerous heroes on sight. Mostly of which being New Wave.

James: If I recall correctly. New Wave has been making a major comeback, haven't they?

Aria: Yes, yes they have. Now sporting a total of fourteen members in their Brockton Bay branch alone. With five of them being Case 53's nonetheless!

James: Wow! Talk about a recruitment drive. What'd they do? Update their dental plan?

Aria: A tale for another time James. Back to the matter at hand. Now that you all are updated on the who. Here's the what. During the maiden voyage across the bay, Permafrost started activating her power. Causing a sphere of icy wind in the middle of the bay that was slowly expanding. At which point a bunch of Merchants driving tinkertech vehicles rammed the ship as Carnage jumped aboard and started attacking.

James: Carnage?

Aria: A new villain recently apprehended. Interestingly enough, despite being relatively unknown until now. Carnage had already confessed to having committed nearly two hundred murders! And has been giving details on them that is not only closing the cases, but validating his claims.

James: How does he not have a kill order?!

Aria: Threat level James. He's remained unknown until now because he poses a low threat level. Kill orders are for those who pose a mass potential, and tendency, for loss of life. Which brings us forward. Aside from some frostbite, jitters, a case of an emergency amputation and the death of the ships captain. Everyone made it out just fine. Evacuation was covered in a joint effort by New Wave's Laserdream, Glory Girl, Firebreather, Jenny. The PRT's Miss Militia, alongside Wards, Vista and Clockblocker. The rest either securing the boat, or fending off the villains. With the Endstopper Child Kitsu heading into the blizzard where she found and confronted Permafrost, the girl responsible for nearly a thousand deaths prior. Ending the tragic event on a solemn and, slightly positive note. But that's not all.

James: No, no it is, unfortunately not. Just before the blizzard stopped its expansion. A mysterious, multicolored gas cloud formed over a building on the boardwalk before descending, and sweeping the area. Killing some, leaving few alone, and mutating more. Yes, you heard me right. I said mutating.

Aria: How?

James: Still not clear. The details are fuzzy and everything is still being, sorted out, I guess you could say. But the long and short of it is. We here at Channel – will strive to keep you updated. Good night Brockton Bay.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus 2

.

.

Statistics of the Case 53 bomb

.

Dead from initial gas: 889

Unaffected and Alive: 110

Unaffected and Dead in the panic: 80

Mutated and Alive: 435

Mutated and Dead from the panic: 12

Mutated and Dead from Mutation: 43

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

There was a LOT to cover in this chapter and the fallout of the attack. And to keep the story moving I cut out a few things. So, here's the cliff notes of what was skipped over.

Neil hid the detonator out of shame before he was found. (I kept getting massive writers block and said fuck it. More Pinky and Eric stuck in a closet. This story needs more laughs and awkwardness anyway.)

Mechanic found Permafrost and collected her. Not knowing she was dead.

Permafrost has not yet been declared dead. Because they can't find her body.

Static Shock and the others assume Permafrost escaped.

That second one will be explored in the next chapter.

.

So yeah, a while back there were a series of questions by various reviewers (Mostly RadChaos897) directed at [Conduit] and their capabilities. In order to avoid spoilers. I didn't answer them.

Kitsu can remove and scan a Corona Gemma for [Conduit] to understand. Giving her a weaker version of the expressed power. By expressed I mean how two people can share a shard and have separate powers. Like Amy and her father The Marquis.

Kitsu cannot scan active shards, that would lead to [Conduit]'s exposure to the network. And Kitsu cannot be the one to do it. It has to be [Conduit] as they are the ones with the know how and ability to do so. And just because a power is scanned, doesn't mean it's assimilated. That requires [Conduit] to rearrange Kitsu's Corona Gemma. Something that takes uninterrupted hours at a time to do so properly.

This is not a new power. Just a use of her broken biokinesis she never used before. After all, Bonesaw would brain surgery people into tweaking their power. Even combining people with powers to create the likes of Hackjob.

This is not Kitsu's second trigger. All things considered. She wasn't that close to Maureen. So it wasn't a sense of loss here. It was a sense of failure. Loss and the inability to fix it, is her trigger. She needs to experience that again for a second trigger.

If she has a second trigger. In the good ending, she never has it. And in one version of the bad ending she doesn't have it.

Oh yeah, there are multiple bad endings. Because realistically, there are many ways something can go wrong. And few ways something can go right.

.

Scarecrow diluted the deviant vile and set it loose.

He had incomplete notes on the Vials. And one of them was labeled with a 100% Deviancy rate. Deviancy rate in Vials means how often/severe the vial causes Case 53 mutations. But Scarecrow didn't know that.

He, incorrectly, pieced together that Deviancy rate meant how often it deviates from the data it presents. Meaning, he thought it was a 100% randomized power vial. Not a vial that was guaranteed to make a Case 53.

He then diluted it in the same way Cody and Noelle split their vial. Only much, much, much more. That's why the death toll is so much higher than 2/5.

What the gas did was enter someone. Try and bond. Fail, leave, and go to the next person. Effectively splitting 1 powerful vial across nearly 500 people. Each gaining a randomized aspect of the vials power and mutation.

For those curious. The vial used, contained a powerful Trump ability that would mutate someone randomly to best survive their current environment. Basically X-Men's Darwin. But it's split so heavily that it caused a random mutation in all it was able to bond with. Making each individual a different mutant with almost no concrete similarities to each of the others.

.

Basically there are now a bunch of Case 53's with very minor powers running around. Like the guy who has strips and spots of invisibility all over him. Or someone who's skin brightens in the dark but darkens in the light.

Oh, and a lot of people dead from a horrible agony the likes of which can't properly be described through words. But that's boring!

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

Casanova5424: What is your favorite iteration of VR?

Newb: Sorry it took me so long to answer this. I had to really think.

Not Ready Player One for so many reasons I won't go into. Despite them being stuck in a game world, Log Horizon was a desktop computer MMO before the isekai event. I love Overlord. But it structures its VR as very bare boned. No touch, no smell, only sight.

I'd have to say. Despite its many issues. Sword Art Online has one of my favorite depictions of VR. Fully immersive and yet distinguishable from reality with its set up. Ignoring the whole, pull it off you die, The whole VR concept it puts forward makes sense.

That being said. Anyone who's played an MMO can tell the author has never played one. Or at least never played one seriously.

Episode 1!

There's no such thing as, limited resources the system can provide and allocate. Otherwise grinding and loot farming wouldn't be a thing! And that's just episode 1!

Something witty entertainments abridged version was better than the original. At least they gave a reason for why the creator locked everyone in the game. Rather than.

"It's been so long. I don't even remember."

Bullshit!

Grimnosh: What kind of music do you like out of curiosity and what do you listen to if anything when you write? I am rather eclectic myself with preferences to 80's rock, techno, rave, and a number of Euro-pop bands. I dislike country and despise most rap, especially gangsta.

Newb: I like all music except country. My favorites are swing, doo-wop, nerdcore, rap, rock, pop, anything fast paced really.

My writing process is kinda, unique. I listen to music while I work and shut my brain off for the most part. Then when I'm on break I write on my word app on my phone. I don't listen to music while writing. If I'm not up and moving while listening to music. It doesn't matter how hardcore or fast it is. I'll fall asleep.

And yes, every chapter is the culmination of a total of 1 hour of writing a day. And 1 hour of proof reading on a laptop at home right before publishing.

.

FOR [Conduit]!

.

FOR KITSU!

.

For Missy?

.

DancingLeaf: have you ever considered cuddling with a large fully fox Kitsu and if so have you tried to get her to agree before?

Missy: Once, Kitsu made it clear she doesn't like her fur outside of the fur on her tail and ears. I didn't want to upset her, so I didn't push it.

.

Only time!

CAROL DALLON!

Grimnosh: What is the most amusing thing to you about Kitsu?

Carol: Her sleeping habits. If she's next to anything. She cling to it for dear life. Whether it's a plushy, a person, a bed post. Anything.

Grimnosh: If you had to be something other than a lawyer. What would you be?

Carol: A judge. Just something in the judicial system that pays well.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.[/WARNING]
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, macdjord, Finsdale and 134 others
Newb to the game
Jun 15, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 49 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jun 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#408
A/N The Waiting List

Alt title: Wait, you can do that?

.

I've been watching Hazbin Hotel! It's finally out! I love Alastor's voice. At first I didn't because the trailers really didn't do him justice. And Husker?

I simp for Husker.

.
Update at time of original post
So, viewer stats are back up. Wanna know the most viewed chapter aside from the first and most recent?

Ch. 46

There is a disproportionate amount of people viewing that chapter. Like, 500 this week. Whereas the chapters before and after don't even breach 200.

So, I checked it out to see what I did in that chapter to get everyone's attention.

It's the lemon chapter.

*Insert skull emoji*

.



-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Sunday, July 4th, Medhall General Hospital, 1pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Thanks Stacy!" I say to the custodian as she steps out.

I wait a few seconds for her to leave.

"NEXT!" I shout.

I don't need to shout. There's an intercom for me to contact the front desk. But my room is also close enough to the lobby that I can be heard when I yell. And yelling is fun.

In a few seconds. Another person walks in. Towering over me at a height of six foot fuck you. Caucasian and dark haired. Male. Nothing seems wrong.

"Name?" I ask.

"Boris Kartocovich." A thick accent says. Something eastern European.

"Well, what's the issue?" I ask. "You seem fine."

He turns around, and I see it.

A line of dark, yellowish brown spikes going down his back. Like porcupine quills. All poking out the back of his torn shirt.

"Oh." I say. "Hand please."

He turns back around and gives me his hand. I look in see what's up.

Oooh!

"Gimme a second." I say. "I need a second opinion."

"What you mean, second opinion?" He asks. "You fix me. No?"

"No, not me." I say as I pull out my phone.

"Then who? Spikes already ruin shirt, ruin car, bus not accept me!" He says as I dial for Amy.

"Your English is very good." I say as I wait for Amy to pick up. Hoping to distract him.

"Ah, thank you little one." He says. "I've practice much."

Strike one! The number of people who can call me little without consequence is very short! Like me.

"What?" I hear Amy say tiredly.

"Unique biology." I say. "Thought you'd wanna check it out."

"This better be good." She says and hangs up.

.

.

"Okay, I'll admit, that's interesting." Amy says as she takes her hand off the guy.

"Told you!"

His entire immune system is cranked to the max! This guy could probably survive walking through a cloud of Nurgle poison and survive without so much as a rash.

I've been getting into Warhammer 40K. Tzeentch is my favorite chaos god. The whole, is the most powerful being ever and split his power to keep 'The Great Game' going I,s funny to me. Though, Slaanesh seems fun. The whole, 'Treat yourself to burger every now and then' to 'Cannibal torture porn' pipeline they present is interesting to read about.

And then there's granpapi Nurgle! Nuff said.

Anyway, his Spikes are actually condensed and hardened bacteria, toxins, excessive stuffs. His body is actively killing everything in him that could pose a threat to him. And is leaving all the good stuff alone.

Basically his whole body is a super strong kidney and is forming kidney stones out of his back.

"Out of curiosity." Amy says. "Where you somewhere, dirty, when you." She gestures to his spines.

"Yes, I am janitor at arcade." He says.

That explains why the spikes are so long.

"Well, good news and bad news." Amy says. "Which do you want first?"

"Bad. No need getting my hope up." He says.

"We can't stop them from growing. Or forming in the first place." Amy says.

"Gav no." He tsks. "Good news?"

"We can break them off and move some stuff around so that they're not growing out of your back." Amy says. "Put them somewhere more manageable."

…

"Slower?" He asks.

"Spikes not stop. Can break off, will keep coming back." I say in smaller terms. "Move from back to somewhere else. Easier to break when they grow."

"Ah!" He says with a nod.

"I do not miss this place." Amy says under her breath.

In the end, Amy ended up moving the pores and several other things around so that the spikes now grow out of his forearms. And gave him a hygiene routine to follow so that the spikes don't grow so quickly. That, took a while. Seeing as his written English is, passing.

Towards the end of the day however.

"LAST ONE! NEXT!" I shout.

And in walks, Madison with a man. With her fur back.

"It grew back!" She whines, her main color being blue. Her hair and zigzag patterns being lavender.

"I see that." I say. "Welp. Nothing I can do about that!"

"Nothing?" The man says calmly. "Nothing at all?"

"Unless you want me to remove her skin and replace it with someone else's." I say with a shrug. "Or completely sterilize her skin and turn her albino and bald."

"If that's what it takes then do it." He says as he crosses his arms.

"Dad!" Madison says. "We don't need to go that far!"

"Sweetie, if this is what it takes to get you back to normal then so be it." He says sternly. "The second option will do."

"I don't wanna be bald!" Madison cries as her fur turns orange with yellow stripes.

"Not only that but being albino comes with several health complications." I say matter of factly. "As it is now? She just needs to invest in some new shampoo. I can give some recommendations!"

"That won't be necessary." He says.

"Dad!" Madison cries out. "It's fine! I, I can learn to live with this."

"No, if there's a chance to get you fixed and not have you live as some, freak." He says in a, comforting? Voice. "Then we should take it."

'Fuck you too dude.' I think sourly.

"No offense." He says, quickly turning to me.

"No problem fatso." I say with a smile.

"Excuse me?" He says with a look of mild surprise.

"Oh, no offense." I say with mock sincerity. "See what I did there? Doesn't feel too good, does it?"

He may be stocky, but I wouldn't call him fat. I'm just proving a point.

"This is hardly professional etiquette." He says with a frown.

"And I'm not a professional." I say with a smile. "So it fits. Besides, I won't do it."

"Why the hell not!?" He raises his voice.

"Because she's clearly unwilling." I say. "You can't give her consent for her."

"As her father-"

"You can give consent for her if it's a life or death situation and she's incapable of giving a reasonable response." I say as I kick my legs under me. "She is in no danger, fully conscious, and capable of deciding for herself."

I think. I'm not actually sure how true that is. She is a minor.

"I want a second opinion." He says as he reels in his irritation.

"Sure thing, just head to the front desk and ask for doctor Michael McDoesn'tExist." I say. "The list of people who have any form of authority on this matter can be counted on one hand. And only two are available. It's not life or death so Panacea is out. And unless you wanna start getting into contact with villains, I'm your only hope."

We stare at each other for a while. Him glaring. Me not caring.

"We'll be back." He says as he walks out. "Madison, come on. We're going home."

She mouths a quick thank you before turning back around and following him out.

…

Well that was interesting.

.

.

"So yeah, I'mma be here a while." I say over the phone.

"When do you want it?" Parian asks with a sigh.

"Preferably in a few days." I say. "No rush. Oh, and send the bill to Amy Dallon."

"I'm not footing the bill to someone without their consent." Parian says.

"She owes me." I say simply. "Why do you think I'm the one dealing with the Case 53's?"

"If she doesn't pay, you're getting the bill." She says.

"Have you no faith?" I say in offense. "I've commissioned how many outfits? And when have I ever not paid you?"

"Fair enough." She says as she hangs up.

Perfect!

.

.

-Monday, July 5th, Medhal General Hospital, 9am-

.

.

I got through roughly thirty six people yesterday. That's thirty six, out of nearly four to five hundred.

This is going to be my life for the next few weeks.

"NEXT!" I yell, even though it's just my first patient.

A bit of stomping later. And in walks.

"Gully?" I ask the girl in pink overalls.

"Um, yeah, hi?" She says awkwardly.

"What are you doing here?" I ask.

"Well, I heard you were healing and fixing some of the issues from the whole, well the cloud." She says as she walks over to the patient bed and hops on it with a loud clang.

We both stare at the bed. Waiting.

"I think you're good. You were saying?" I say with a roll of my hand to motion her to continue.

"Can you fix me?" She asks plainly.

"Sure!" I say cheerfully. "Or, I can at least try." I say as I slide over on my swivel chair and grab her hand.

Oh, she has several bone and muscle mutations. She's far denser than she looks and the muscle growths are asymmetrical and disproportionate.

"Okay. So, I can do something about it." I say tentatively. "Whether or not you'll revert back is up in the air. But, I'mma have to put you under first."

"Why?" She asks.

"Because this will hurt otherwise." I say plainly.

"Well, okay then." She says. "Is there a paper I need to sign?"

"You know, theere probably should be." I admit. "But in all the chaos I think everyone collectively forgot about that in favor of a quick fix."

"Oh, um." She says. "Is there, anything I need to-"

"Nope!" I say and knock her out.

*Slam*

And she just hit her head on the back wall.

Probably should've had her lay down first.

My bad.

.

.

-30 Minutes Later-

.

.

That was, easier than expected. It was mostly a lot of rearranging things. Physically, not genetically. Fixed the hunchback, the under bite, the weird, sporadic skin growths. And the hardened larynx. So her voice should be better now.

Her hunchback was the result of a benign growth of muscle and skin on top of a bent spine. So she's a bit taller now. She's almost as tall as Neil. And about as muscular.

Though I'd put my money on her if it came down to an arm wrestle.

The skin growths are gone. I had to call someone about it and they explained they'll just put it with the amputations.

Because they have storage for that. Yeah, they all get cremated at regular intervals. So her skin lumps are going to be sitting on a shelf until next Tuesday. Which, all kinds of weird to think about.

Back to the girl who is a year or so older than me. Yet almost twice as tall.

She looks like a Hispanic Amazonian bodybuilder now. Basically a muscle mommy, as opposed to a rejected hunchback of Notre dame she was before.

Her muscles are still super dense. So much so that she won't be swimming, ever. And her skin is still thicker than it reasonably should be. More akin to rhino hide than skin in some parts.

She could be passable as a non-Case 53, person. From a distance. Once you get close to her it becomes apparent she's not just tall and muscular.

I use my biokinesis and wake her up.

"Rmm?" She softly moans as she sits up. "Why does my head hurt?"

"Oh, that's my fault. I put you under and you clonked your head on the wall. Oops." I say with a shrug. "Anyway, I need to ask you a few quick questions. One, are you religious?"

"Um, no." She says, still dazed and confused. "Is, is this my voice?"

Yeah, her voice now just sounds like a deep feminine voice. Still gruff and deep. But at least you can tell she's a girl now.

Oh yeah, she wore pink all the time so that people could tell she was female.

"Yes. Now, are you in anyway spiritual?" I ask.

"No, can, can I get a mirror?" She asks.

"There are mirrors in the bathroom." I say as I roll over to the door and open it. "I know this seems like I'm rushing you. But that's because I am. There are more than four hundred people left and last I was told they're all taking up the lobby. So, please leave, I'll see you later."

The questions were for the growths. If she answered yes. Then I'd have to inform her of her, technically, amputated parts and offer them back to her.

Hospitals have so many rules!

Not that I follow most of them. But I like Gully.

Gully tentatively slides off the bed. And almost immediately falls over.

"Oh yeah, I fixed your spine so you're a good three inches taller. And I removed the skin and muscles growths so you're also a good fifty pounds lighter."

Still heavier than she looks. Not as heavy as Jenny I'd imagine. But still enough for her to have to check the weight limits of anything she uses.

She slowly hobbles out of the room. Likely still waking up and regaining her bearing's.

Just in case, I shoot a quick text to Jenny to come pick her up.

"NEXT!"

.

.

"I really don't see what the issue is." I say as I hold in a chuckle.

The guy across from me has invisible stripes and spots all over him. Like a mix between a jaguar and a tiger. You can see right through him in these spots.

"It's not funny!" He yells.

"That's a matter of opinion." I say. "Anyway, you seem to be on the lower end of the spectrum for issues. Why are you here?"

"I can see you right now." He says.

"Okay?" I say with a tilt of my head.

"My eyes have been closed the whole time." He continues.

"Oh, that, that makes more sense." I say as I realize the issue.

A quick rearranging of his skin's pigments later. And he can go home with functional eyelids that shut out light.

.

.

Next person, a boy with bones made of cartilage. Not much I could do other than restructure it to be more rigid.

.

.

Next was a little girl whose hair was replaced with green, teal, purple and blue feathers. All of her hair. A quick scan showed puberty was going to be extra uncomfortable.

Hint, crotch feathers.

Anyway, all I could do was modify the feathers to be thinner so as to better imitate hair. Overall she didn't seem to mind her mutation and thought it was pretty. And to be fair, it was.

She was six. Her mom died in the gas and her dad was unaffected. She, didn't understand. And her dad was just happy she wasn't as affected as she originally was.

.

.

Next was man with glow in the dark skin. Literally nothing I could do.

.

.

A woman with a lizard tail. It kept growing back. Nothing I could do.

She didn't seem to mind too much at least. Just complained about needing new pants and asked if I had any recommendations.

I told her Parian if she didn't mind the price.

.

.

Next was a girl with six arms. All fully functioning. Only they each had three fingers. I cut off the arms and reformed her hands.

Only for her to show up a few hours later with little nubs regrowing her extra arms. So I just reformed the hands. So, she now has six arms with fully functioning hands.

.

.

A boy with digitigrade legs.

Reformed. Though the tendon, muscular, and bone structure is different from a regular persons. I just made them look and function like a normal pair of legs. Convergent evolution if you would. Even if that makes no sense the moment you actually think about it.

.

.

A man with tentacles instead of hair on his head. All fully movable.

Nothing I could do other than rearrange their texture and make them look like dreads.

.

.

A girl with shark teeth. Any attempt to remove them saw them immediately grow back. Like, faster than reasonably possible. I'm talking Arlong from the anime fast. And it was taking a toll. I could see her body ripping nutrients from her to remake the teeth. And her mouth was a bloody mess. Literally. She kept biting herself by accident.

So, I just made her lips and tongue more tear resistant so she would stop ripping apart her mouth by accident. And modified her back teeth to be more rounded and flat to imitate molars.

Anything further, and her teeth would pop themselves out and regrow as sharpened teeth again.

.

.

"NEXT!" I yell.

Yelling is fun.

It takes a few moments. But a girl with greenish skin and greenish brown hair is carted in on a gurney. A nurse and two other adults escorting her in.

"Name?" I ask.

"Alicia King." The woman says.

"Okay, just tell what you think is important." I say as I touch her hand.

"She's unconscious, and green." The man says.

"Anything I can't literally see for myself." I say as I start.

Her biology is, way too familiar for me. And it's actively pissing me off.

"There isn't anything to tell." The woman says as the nurse steps out.

"How about if she was awake before coming in?" I ask.

"No." She says.

Let's try this again.

"Was she awake, yesterday?" I ask.

"Yes." The man says.

'Motherfucking, piss pot, fudge fucking albatrosses!' I rage in my head. 'Remember how stupid the average person is, and realize that half of all people are dumber Kitsu.'

"That's important." I say as I try not to hurt someone. "You know what, just tell me everything you noticed from start to finish."

"Well, after the gas explosion. She called us in a panic. Both her parents, didn't survive the gas." The woman says. "We're her aunt and uncle. When we got her, we kind of panicked over the, you know. And we had her stay in the guest room until we could figure something out. But, she kept getting more and more tired. And was eating less. Kept complaining about the food being tasteless. Her hair was vibrant green when we picked her up. Now it's almost a mulchy green, brown."

"We kept trying everything. And then we heard you were fixing the mutations and we thought we'd stop by. Then, she just, passed out and wouldn't wake up." The man finishes.

"So, you locked her in a room. And didn't seek professional help until it was absolutely necessary." I point out.

I know I seem a little, judgy here. But it'd for a good reason.

"Look, we had a lot on our plates. Still do. We came here to get my sister's daughter the help she needs." The woman gripes. "Can you help her or not?"

"No, I can't." I say honestly. "I can tell you what's wrong with her as I call someone who can though."

"Well what is it?!" The man demands.

"She's a vegetable." I say as I pull my phone out and dial Amy.

"That's not funny!" The woman yells as her face burns red.

"I wasn't joking." I say. "She's literally a human plant. The reason she's unconscious? She's not comatose, she's dormant. She doesn't need cheap microwave meals, she needs sunlight and actual nutrition."

"Well how were we supposed to know that!?" The man says.

Our back and forth continued for a bit until Amy got there.

Nothing I could do. And Amy couldn't do much other than make her metabolism more efficient.

Her aunt and uncle took her home. She'll need a room with grow lights for the rest of her life. She can move around outside no problem. But where regular people need on average eight hours of sleep to function properly. She'll need eight hours of uninterrupted photosynthesis to function properly.

.

.

Madison and her dad came in again.

They left when I called Amy and she told them to fuck off.

I think her dad is maybe the one taking the most issue with his daughters mutation.

I'm being sarcastic.

.

.

Those were the highlights.

Something all the mutations have in common. Is a resistance or immunity to being removed. They can be modified. But any attempt to remove. Only sees them growing back. Or just, not being removed.

So far that's the only thing they all have in common.

.

.

-Tuesday July 6th, Medhal General Hospital, 9:20am-

.

.

How the fuck did Amy do this for an entire year!?

It's been two, days! And I'm already starting to get sick of this place. This is my summer vacation goddamnit!

"NEXT!" I yell.

In walks a girl hidden in a hoodie.

"Name?" I ask.

She removes the hood to reveal, Madison.

"Go home." I say immediately.

"No wait!" She says as she puts her hands out. "I, was wondering if you could do me a favor."

I should probably say no. But I'm both too tired to care about etiquette and professionalism. Not that cared all that much before. And I'm genuinely intrigued.

"You have my attention." I say as I cross my arms and tilt my head up to look down at her.

It doesn't work. So I quickly raise the chair so that I can.

"Well, so, real quick. My dad's at work and doesn't know I'm here." She says quickly.

"The point." I say.

"I want to be like you!" She blurts out.

"And now you have my interest." I say and lean forward mysteriously. "Elaborate, and tell me why."

Her fur turns purple with pink dots.

'Oh don't tell me she's also a furry?!' I whine to myself.

I've read her fanfics!

"Well, you see. Emma really likes you and how cute you are." She starts. "And, well, I just thought that since she can't have you as a friend. That her second best friend could be a good substitute."

Liar.

"You want her to fawn over you like she does me." I correct.

"What?! No!" She starts denying. Her fur turning pink with red spots. "I just, want to give my best friend a treat for being, well, my best friend."

"Uh, huh." I say, completely unconvinced.

"So how are you gonna explain this to dear old daddy?" I ask. "Also, what's with him?"

"Um, mom, mom was with me when, everything happened." She says. Her fur turning a deep, full blue.

Oh.

"And, well, she was fine." Madison says, slightly cracking up. "But, in the panic. She, well, she."

Fuck it. The sympathy pitch got me.

"You're good." I say. "So, what we talkin 'bout here? Tail, eyes, ears. Whatcha want?"

She perks up. Her fur turning yellow with orange zigzags.

This is honestly trippy to watch.

She said she'd tell everyone she woke up that way this morning. And came here in a panic but there was nothing to be done.

.

.

Lunch time!

As I hop off the chair. The door opens.

"Lunch time." I say. "Come back, Missy!"

I rush forward and glomp my in costume, likely on duty, girlfriend. She hugs me back and we nuzzle.

I sniff the air a bit. Recognizing a familiar scent.

I push off her, holding her by her shoulders.

"You brought me sushi?!" I ask with a smile.

"It was supposed to be a surprise." She says with a small frown.

"Powerful nose." I say dismissively before reaching for the bag in her hand. "Now gimme!"

She holds it up and away from me.

"Ah!" She says with a teasing smile. "This is to share."

"What if I say please?" I ask. Returning a teasing smile.

"Hmm, depends on how you ask." She says as she steps forward.

She's already a good half head taller than me. Side to side her nose is above mine.

"Pwetty pwease?" I say as I dilate my eyes and lean forward into her. Putting my clasping hands together as I look up to her. "I worked so hard today! I just wanna taste."

She stares at me with a rapidly reddening face.

I know how to work what I got!

"Um, I, I uh, um, here!" She says and shoves the bag into my arms.

"Thank you!" I say as I take the bag and open it.

'Oooh! Desert sushi!' I think happily. 'Four packs!'

I turn to take a seat back in my spinny chair and pop open one of the containers.

It smells, okay. It's just store boug-

"Eep!" I squeal as Missy hugs my tail.

"Sho fwuffy!" She squeals into my fur as she rubs her face against it.

"Hey!" I say as I turn myself to try and face her. "That's mine!"

"Consider it payment for the sushi." Missy says with smugness in her voice.

"I never agreed to these terms!" I say as I turn more, but she keeps sidestepping.

Somehow, we ended up in the swivel chair with me in Missy's lap.

"There, much better." Missy says as she wraps her arms around my waist.

"For you." I say as I pop open the sushi.

"Oh, is it not enough that your girlfriend is spending her lunch break with you?" She asks as she rests her chin on my shoulder.

"I can get sushi anytime I want." I say as I carefully open a soy sauce packet and disable my sense of smell. "This just makes it seem like you're only interested in my body."

"Well I can't have that." Missy says and moves me in her lap to sit sideways as she takes my sushi from me.

"Hey!" I say as I reach for it.

"Ah, ah, aaaah!" She teases as I reach higher.

The moment I lean up.

"Mrm!" I moan in surprise.

Missy comes down and kisses me. Resting an arm under my head as she uses it to keep my head propped up.

"There." She says as she comes back up, still semi-cradling me.

"Th, that just" I start before she puts the sushi roll in my mouth.

"There." She says with a smirk. "You get your kisses, cuddles, and your sushi. While I get my cute little girlfriend blushing. I think that's more than fair."

'Why!?' I scream internally.

Everyone sees Missy as the shy one. But that's just a front! The moment doors close she gets all cool and suave and confident. It's not fair!

And I love it.

I love that it's a side only I get to see. And that her shyness around others is because of me.

"That's, you." I try, but my heart is beating to hard for me to focus.

"This is me." She says. "And this is me about to kiss you again."

"Huh?" I numbly say as I register it.

Right before she leans in and steals a kiss.

Why is she so good at kissing? So soft and warm. I let myself melt into this one. It lasts a few seconds. A few seconds that feels both deceptively long, and agonizingly short.

We part and she smiles at me. Bringing her hand that isn't held down by my head up the brush a few strands of hair out of my face.

"There, now you can have your sushi." She says.

I forgot all about that.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

This is perfect. My little snuggle bug is in my arms. Blushing, trying to hide behind her tail. But there's no hiding that adorable shyness.

She teases and toys with me all the time. But something I've learned is that she can't take what she dishes out.

And it's awesome!

I just love it! The way someone so strong and powerful becomes so, not. In my arms.

To say nothing of her looks. I'm not interested in her body. Ok that's a lie. She rides a middle ground of cute and beautiful that I just love. And that middle ground shifts with her attitude.

Like right now? Adorable. Her wide, bright blue-green eyes. Her beet red blushing face. The way her ears are splayed back. Her arms holding her tail to her chest as she peeks up at me over it.

To say nothing of the plump and soft booty in my lap.

I just love it.

Is this how she feels when she teases me? If so then I can forgive her for it. She's just going to have to get used to me returning the favor.

*Rm*

The comms on my visor goes off.

"Yo Vista, ya done sucking face with your girlfriend?" Dennis asks.

Kitsu quickly grabs the visor from my face and presses one of the small buttons on the side.

"You ruined a moment!" She yells into a visor.

I take the visor back with a pointed glare. Putting it back on I press the comms button and speak into it.

"I'm about wrapped up here Clock." I say as I look at the girl cradled in my lap. She at least has the decency to look somewhat ashamed.

Though, sheepish, is a better word.

"Pfft, oh, okay." He says as I hear him struggle not to laugh.

I'm not hearing the end of this anytime soon.

"Well, my lunch break is up." I say as I motion for her to get up.

"But, but." She says as she gives me puppy dog eyes.

"Yes, your butt. As much as I love it, I need you to move it." I say.

"So you like my butt?" She gives me a vulpine grin.

'SHIT I SAID THAT OUT LOUD! ABORT! ABORT!' I panic.

"Well this has been fun love you see you later bye!" I say as I quickly stand up and warp the door to me, open it, before warping the hall to an inch and stepping into the lobby and walking quickly past Dennis who's hitting on a nurse.

"I mean, hero in the streets, villain in the sheeiiiit!" He says as I vent my embarrassment by kicking his shin. "The fuck was that for!?"

"To keep you from getting a harassment charge!" I say as I grab his arm and pull him away from the nurse who mouths a thank you. "And you didn't have a chance. She's like, twenty."

"Nineteen! There was a chance!" He says indignantly.

"Not a legal one." I say, thankful for the distraction. "Who're you trying to get in trouble? You, or her?"

"I, you! Fine you damn rules lawyer." He mutters.

At least he seems to have forgo-

"Oh yeah, did you get your extra kisses in?" He teases.

*Dong*

Oops. I accidently activated my power and bent a parking sign to smack Dennis in the face.

My bad.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

The next week continued pretty much the same. Me fixing Case 53's. And calling Amy whenever I couldn't. A good ninety percent of them were like the girl with shark teeth or the boy with digitigrade legs. Minor things that just required little tweaking. There were some that were really interesting. Like the plant girl or the guy who was collecting pollutants from around him and forming spikes on his body with them.

But those were few and far between.

Madison and her dad showed up. Again.

I called Amy over and texted her the situation. And they were forced to leave. Again. And told that if they harassed us one more time that they'd be blacklisted from Medhall. No one wants Panacea so pissed off she stops showing up altogether.

But the days were mostly the same. With Missy coming by when she could to share our lunches together. Her teasing me and making the hospital stays worth it. Outside of Amy owing me of course.

.

.

-Friday, July 9th, Medhall General Hospital, 12pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Missy." I say through a giggle. "I'm trying to eat."

"And I'm trying to cuddle." She says as she nuzzles her head into my shoulder and neck. "I need to recharge my mental batteries. And nothing does that better than loving my snuggle bug."

She's extra cuddly today. Just, came in and immediately grabbed onto me.

"Did something happen?" I ask as I take a bite of my sandwich. "You're acting a bit, clingy."

Not that I mind clingy. But it's a bit out of character for her.

She stays silent for a bit. Not saying anything. Not even nuzzling me anymore. Just sitting there in silence.

"It's nothing." She says quietly as she holds me tighter. "I'm fine."

'Okay, that's where I draw a line.' I think protectively.

Anytime someone says they're fine and don't follow it up with a reason. They're most likely not fine.

So plan in motion, I wrap my sandwich back up. Hop out of her lap and place it near the sink in the room.

"Kitsu?" Missy questions as she gets up. "Is someth-eep!"

She squeals as I pick her up out of the chair and cradle her. Mom's been feeding me light spears twice a day to make up what I lost in the blizzard. So I have plenty of energy.

Speaking of. It's, kinda gone. There's a massive ice plate the government is trying to keep from moving before it can melt. And it's still pretty big. Not to mention it's made the bay unnaturally chilly for this time of year.

I hear Fire has been frequenting it to help melt it more. Which is causing mists to form over the bay.

At least it's giving us time to repair the ferry. Again. There was a lot of insulation, wiring and piping that suffered in the cold. Or at least the part that got touched by the mist. The dents and rips in the hull notwithstanding. Those are cheap to repair by comparison.

Thankfully there's been little damage to our reputation. Turns out having a full on villain attack and only losing one life, is great publicity. Lets everyone know we mean business. And that even a full villain attack couldn't dent us.

Back to now!

I sit my blushing girlfriend on the patient's bed, should really learn what they're called, and set her head in my lap.

"Um, what are you-" She starts.

"Shhh." I say soothingly as I stroke her hair. "My turn."

"Um, what?" She asks in confusion.

"Tell me what's wrong." I say.

She stares up at me. And I'm honestly tempted to use my love me power to try and get her to open up.

"It's, my parents." She says softly as she looks away. Turning to look at my stomach.

Turns out it's not needed!

"What happened?" I ask.

"They, they're getting a divorce. Officially." She says. "I overheard mom telling one of her friends over the phone. Bragging about keeping the house."

"Weren't they kinda separated already?" I ask as I continue to run my fingers through her hair.

"Yeah but, it, it's different." She says softly. "Like, before there was always a chance. For, I don't know. It, it just feels, like it's final. Done, over. No more chances."

I don't know what to say to that.

"I mean, they're not the best parents." She says.

'And Behemoth has a kill count that's above average.' I think sarcastically.

"But, I still remember happier times together." She says. "Going to the park, movies, family events. They still argued all the time. But"

She leaves the sentence unfinished. And I get it.

"You were still a family." I say. "And now it feels like you're not."

She starts sniffing as she holds back tears.

"You can cry." I say as I move some hair away from her eyes. "I won't judge."

"Don't wanna." She says stubbornly. "What kind of hero cries?"

"The kind that's still human." I say.

I try and think of something more profound. But I'm failing. So, I fall back onto plan B.

"Come on, crying is good for you." I say teasingly. "What, are you scared of ruining your makeup? Trust me when I say you don't need it."

That gets a smile out of her. And a small puff of laughter.

"I don't wear makeup." She says.

"Well, not yet." I say.

"Huh?" She asks as she looks up at me.

I shift us around and hold her face closer to kiss her. Pulling away, I smile at her blushing face, and slightly redder lips.

"There, now you're wearing makeup." I say deviously. "I think it looks good on you."

I wear lipstick. And sometimes I'll wear eyeliner. Eye shadow too if I'm feeling fancy. I really like the eyeliner though. I have twelve different kinds and I love the way they make my eyes pop!

Back to my girl!

She looks at me for a few long seconds before she starts laughing.

"Pfft, pah hah hah, hah!" She shakes as she gives out a melodic laugh. "That, that was so stupid!"

"Stupid huh?" I say with a grin.

I go in and kiss her again. And again, and again. A different spot each time. Smearing my lipstick all over her cheeks.

"Kitsu, Kitsu!" She giggles as she tries to push me away. "I have work, work I need to, to go back to after this! I can't patrol with, with this!"

She's laughing and giggling as I continue.

"Don't care!" I say and plant a final smooch on her lips. Wiggling and rubbing our lips together as I get my point across. "MWAH!"

She busts out laughing again. Her face red from a mix of my lipstick, her lack of breath, and her blush.

"Yo Vista, lunch's over. You good?" I hear Vergil say in her visor.

I go to grab the visor and tell him to buzz off. Before Missy smacks my hand back. Glaring at me as she talks into her comms.

"Yeah, just give me a second to clean up my mess." She says and then turns to me. "No touching the visor. I can get in a lot of trouble if that gets broken or damaged."

"You know, you'd look a lot more intimidating if it weren't for the lipstick smeared all over your face." I point out.

"And whose fault is that?" She asks rhetorically.

"Yours for being too kissable." I say with a smirk.

She stares at me before hopping of the bed.

"You're lucky I don't have time." She says as she makes her way to the sink.

"Oh?" I say as I lay down on my stomach, head in my hands as I kick my feet behind me. "Why's that?"

She finishes washing her face off before turning around to me. And suddenly I'm face to face with her as she grabs mine. Smooshing our lips together as she moves her hands up the scratch my ears while kissing me. I close my eyes and let her do her thing.

I, love it, when Missy takes charge and gets aggressive. I can just melt in her arms. Though I don't get long to enjoy this kiss as I hear the door open.

I open my eyes as Missy separates from me and closes the door behind her. The door, sink, and bed I'm on all moving back to their original positions.

She took my sandwich.

.

.

-The Ice Sheet-

.

.

Firebreather POV

.

And that's my daily quota for melting.

I fly up and over the newly formed mist. Last time I tried to fly out without making sure I knew where I was going, I ended up at the rig.

Breaking through the fog. I'm facing the ocean. So I turn around just in time for someone to wrap their arms around me.

Startled, I nearly blast them with my fire, before realizing it's Crystal. Her blonde head on my chest.

I hold her back as I relax.

"Hey babe." I say as I stroke her hair while we float up here just above the mist. "What's up?"

"Hm, us right now." She says cheekily. "Mrm, god you're so warm."

"Yeah, you've mentioned that." I say with a chuckle. "Also, that joke was terrible."

"Hmm. Don't care~" She says in a singsong tone.

We stat here and hold each other in the air for a bit longer.

"Seriously though, what's up?" I ask again.

"Oh, not much." She says. "Got done filling out applications. Met with Gully, she's been over the roof lately over her new looks. Saw you out here doing your thing and just thought, you know what would be fun?"

I know that tone. And I feel my pants tighten in response.

"Rm, well at least you have the right idea." She says as she looks up with a smirk. "That's good."

Something I've learned is that Crystal is insatiable. Don't get me wrong. Our relationship isn't wholly based around sex. We go out, have fun. Family friendly fun. Movies, camping, picnics.

I literally just listed off the events of our last five dates.

But Crystal has a hair trigger. And I'm not talking temper. Though she does get heated.

We've done it in her room. On her bed. In the shower, in the woods, on top of a roof, in a bathroom stall. We've been active for a month. And I've been active with her at least three times a week.

"Um, what did you have in mind?" I ask nervously as she rubs herself up and down on me.

She gives me a knowing smile as she snakes a hand down and frees my member from my pants.

"Crystal!" I hiss. "We're in public!"

"Exactly." She says as she pulls me back down into the mist. "And yet, no one will see us."

.

.

Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV

.

It's more than a little chilly here. But this is the best chance I'm going to get. It's sunset, and there's a thick fog covering us.

I'm joining the mile high club tonight bitches! Woo!

.

.

-15 minutes later-

.

.

"Heuurgh." I vomit out to ice below us.

"There, there." Fire says as he pats my back and pulls his pants up.

You know? I thought living out my number one sexual fantasy would be AMAZING!

Instead I had to get motion sick.

Fuck my life.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Emma Barnes POV

.

"Okay Mads, what's with the secrecy?" I say as I have my eyes closed.

"Well, you remember the gas bomb?" She asks.

"You mean the one where your mom got trampled and broke her arm?" I ask. "You said she was fine."

"She is. But, well." Maddie trails off. "You know how several people got turned into Case 53's?"

"Yeah?" I say. "Oh my gosh! Don't tell me she has like, spider eyes or something now! Wait, is she in the room? Oh my gosh! I did not mean it like that!"

I swear I'm not racist!

"Just open your eyes." Maddie says.

I do so and open them to see her room. Covered in books and Earth-Aleph anime. Her book shelf and dvd case being the only things she keeps clean. And locked.

And then I see, her. Sitting on the bed.

Pink furred, tall ears, long fluffy tail. Purple stripes everywhere. She's in a tank top and basketball shorts.

"Oh, my, God." I say as I take it in.

Her ears are shorter than Kitsu's, and her tail isn't as fluffy. But she's so, so, sooooo.

CUTE!

"Yeah, at first it was just the fur, then a few days later, this happened." She says as her tail flicks and her ears twitch. "Dad was, less than happy."

"Forget that!" I shout and hop on the bed next to her. "Maddie, I never ask you for anything. You know that."

Her fur changed. Holy shit it changes! She's pink with yellow zig zags!

Ah!

"Um, mostly. I mean, you still owe me fifty bucks." She says.

"What's a little cash between friends?" I say with a roll of my eyes. "Anyway! You need to let me pet you!"

She turns completely purple! With a few dots of pink here and there. But still! She changes.

"I mean, I'm not sure that's-"

"Please!" I beg. "I will love you forever!"

It looks so soft!

"If it means that much to you." She says with a shrug as her dots get larger and go from pink to yellow. "Then sure!"

Yes!

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

I know I said I'd do a part where Mechanic has Maureen's body and only just realizing she's dead. But we had enough deppression last time. I thought we needed some Kitsu x Missy as a pallet cleanser for the sads.

.

Gav no is Russian for shit.

.

On the Asmongold's furry scale, Kitsu is a 1. Not furry. With her extra fur active, she's a 1.5

Lyra (Rachel) is a 3. Furry.

Madison, is a 2. Semi furry. Though she's closer to a 1.8. She had fur, ears, and a tail. But no furry proportions. Normal human face, hands, legs, feet. All that.

.

I imagine Gully to look like Andrea Shaw or Irene Andersen in the face now that the benign growths she would hide with her hair are gone.

.

And Madison was NEVER upset about the mutation. She was acting the whole time.

Especially the part about her mom. She was exaggerating and playing it up to make it seem like her mom was one of those killed in the panic. All to garner sympathy from Kitsu.

In reality. She did get trampled. But like Emma said. She just broke her arm.

Hey, the sympathy pitch worked. She's now a neko.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

RadChaos897: Less of a question and more of a suggestion: if you haven't seen Fate Samurai Remnant, I highly recommend it.

Newb: I'll put it on my watch list.

Spelloyal: With almost 500 people sharing the same passenger, shouldn't his energy run out quickly? What happens to them if the passenger runs out and dies?

Newb: In regards to the energy issue, it heavily depends and is different from case to case. The energy consumption is very, very low due to the powers all being one off mutations. They're not actively doing anything to expend the shard's energy. The change is, or at least was, the power. And as for the energy running out? They'll all be stuck like that.

As for what happens when a shard runs out of power? Don't know. That's not really explored in the canon series. I'd assume that the powers just, stop working.

.

FOR [Conduit]!

.

FOR KITSU!

Casanova5424: What would be a fun world for Maureen to have been isekai'd to? I think Pokémon as an ice master would be cool now that I'm thinking about it.

Kitsu: Frozen.

RadChaos897: Due to a certain Baalbuddy comic dub I watched on Youtube called "imagine the smell" that explains why owning a pet fox (much more a fox girl gf) isn't really a good idea, that got me wondering a few things. How much of you is fox? At least physically, I know you're not genetically human enough to have babies and you have fox-like behaviors, but what else about you is less human and more fox?

Kitsu: I DON'T SMELL! As for the rest, that's personal!

RadChaos897: If you were to put yourself on a scale, how furry would you be? There's a "Furry Scale" meme that goes kemonomimi to literally an animal, I'd put you between kemonomimi and kinda furry with the addition of your face stripes and Eevee-like neck floof. I still think you're cute either way.

Kitsu: I'd put myself as a 1.5 at most.

And stop! You're gonna make me blush!

RadChaos897: Why is your tail so fluffy?

Kitsu: Combination of good genetics, a good hair care routine, and some cheating with my biokinesis here and there.

RadChaos898: Can you change your eyes into spirals and hypnotize people?

Kitsu: I can turn them to spirals. But it REALLY messes with my vision. But I can't hypnotize people doing that. Closest I could do is activate my love me power.

RadChaos897: what if Missy decided she was straight and you had to permanently turn yourself into a boy to keep your relationship with her?

Kitsu: I'd break up with her. I'd be depressed for a bit. But my number one turn off is people not being attracted to me. And I wouldn't change who I am just for someone else's approval.

.

.

Next time!

(Because I forgot to put this here last time)

AMY DALLON!

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.
Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro

Find me in my channel: newb's-grotta
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, macdjord and 144 others
Newb to the game
Jun 18, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 50 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jun 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#411
A/N Cuddles and Kisses

Alt title: Cry me a river

.

Chapter 50!

Insert meme of "WOW, that got of hand really fast!"

.

.

So, I'm finding out how extreme my medicine is. I have severe ADHD. And I'm consider a medical/statistical anomaly. The average dose of my medicine an adult takes daily. Is 20-30 MG. I take 72, they don't even make them that high a dose. I have to take two 36's every morning.

Turns out that's enough to give some people heart attacks and kidney failure. And I'm fine. Hell, off of the meds I can't even drive.

.

I got over my writers block! And on my day off!

.


-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Saturday, July 10th, The Rig, 12:08 pm-

.

.

Director Emily Pigot POV

.

"Alright, Miss Militia, Armsmaster. Can you tell me why I'm getting so many complaints about our resident shaker?" I ask the two.

Three, count them three reports filed that paint Vista in a negative light were on my desk this morning. One for harassment of teammates. One for excessive force used in apprehending a fleeing criminal. And one for an ethics claim, apparently, she went off on one of the lunchroom staff. Nothing excessive. But she was very disrespectful.

"Well, I think it might have something to do with her personal life." Miss Militia says.

I look to Armsmaster for confirmation. Who just stares at me.

…

'Right, he's more robotic than a calculator.' I think with exasperation.

"What's wrong? Did her mother sleep with her principle or something?" I ask.

"Not, exactly." Miss Militia says. "Her parents divorce is now official. The proceedings are underway for a no fault divorce."

'That's surprising.' I think to myself. 'Wonder who that bitch had to blow to get that.'

"And none of you thought to address that?" I say.

"I did." Armsmaster says. "She requested more patrol hours to stay out of her house. I granted her that request."

I once again stare at the tin man.

"And what made you think that giving a stressed out pubescent girl with superpowers more work hours, was a good idea?" I ask.

"She made a convincing argument." He shrugs.

'A shrug! He can emote.' I think sarcastically to myself.

"And what, was said argument?" I ask as I nurse the bridge of my nose.

"That more time away from the stressor would allow her to better perform her job." He answers. "In hindsight, I see she was just pandering to my sense of duty."

'No shit Sherlock.' I think with annoyance.

This is why I never had kids.

Missy is an outstandingly talented youth. Dedicated and attentive. Any PRT base would be lucky to have her. However, with recent revelations. I'm starting to think that her being here is unlucky for her. If this is how Armsmaster is handling a troubled youth.

"Armsmaster, until further notice, you are to spend at least one hour a day studying child psychology." I order.

"I hardly feel that's-"

"An order. Collin." I reaffirm before turning to Miss Militia. "Any suggestions?"

"Time off?" She says with a shrug. "She can't be here, she's already smacked Clockblocker with a stop sign. And if she stays around here it's only a matter of time before something happens."

The fact that that doesn't faze me should probably concern me.

"Well she can't be at home." I say. "I don't need to say why that's a bad idea."

"Well." Miss Militia says tentatively. "As bad as it sounds. We could always have someone else take care of the problem."

"Elaborate." I demand with a glare.

.

.

-Sunday, July 11th, Dallon House, 7am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"No, no, no, no." I say out loud as I go through my outfits.

I have a date with Missy today! She's off duty all day and managed to get permission to use her hero outfit. So we can be in public together!

The only problem? I can't decide what to wear! I'm going through everything! I want it to be something she hasn't seen before! But she's seen most of my outfits already!

I'm currently in my underwear as I'm borrowing Vicky's full length mirror.

Real quick though, I turn to the side and satisfy a curiosity of mine.

'Dayum!' I think to myself. 'Baby got back!'

No wonder I keep catching Missy staring. I would too.

"What do you think Kratos?" I ask the beetle on my bed.

…

"Purple! Of course!" I think to myself. "She loves purple!"

I grab my outfits and put them back in my closet. Before grabbing my Iris Fall outfit. Without the wings. Throwing it on and checking myself out. I need to call Parian again soon. My chest is starting to get a little tight. And it's slightly stretching the dress.

That's gonna be another couple hundred I need to go to Mom about.

Should be good enough for today though!

*rrm*

I rush over to my phone and check it. It's a message from Wade.

(Hey, that Thomas guy you wanted me to keep an eye out for? He's just been declared missing.)-W

Well, that's good. And bad.

Good, because it means my plan of, have Wade contact me anytime Thomas is seen and go out there and kill him in a way that doesn't let him know who did it. Is working!

The name is a stand in until I think of something better.

It's bad because, well, now he's likely to get creative.

(Let me know if Coil is spotted)-K

…

(Did you just break the unwritten rules? Again?)-W

(It's a coincidence, I assure you)-K

(Sure)-W

I don't care. The rules are unwritten for a reason. And besides, I never said Thomas Calvert is Coil. So I didn't dox him.

Back to my date!

I look in the mirror again. And decide I'm not feeling it. Maybe going purple every time I want to get Missy's attention isn't the way to go. Maybe something else?

"What do you think Kratos?" I ask the beetle again.

…

"Blue?" I ask for clarification.

…

"Dark blue!" I realize.

With my mind set. I go for another outfit.

.

.

-Dallon House, 9am-

.

.

I'm waiting on the couch in my Serena Champion outfit. Minus the cape. I have it. Just, it feels a little extra for a rollerblade date. Got my royal blush lipstick and the eyeliner with specks of blue glitter.

Got my ride on the recliner. Freshly medicated and caffeinated for my convenience.

Waiting, waiting, waiting, waiti-

*Knock*

Before anymore knocks can be made. I rush to the door and swing it open. Much to the surprise of my girlfriend behind said door.

And there she is! In her, normal hero outfit.

She brought me flowers! Blue Marigolds!

I'm just standing there as she stares at me. A blush slowly creeping up her neck.

"You like~?" I say knowingly and give a little twirl. "It's one of my favorites. Though I never get to use it."

"I, uh, yeah." She says numbly before her blush intensifies. "I mean you look good! Beautiful!"

"You two are just adorable together." Dad says as he walks up behind me. "You girls ready to go? Or is there some, new age, pre date ritual I don't know about?"

I turn around and stare at him for a long second. Squinting my eyes as I try and figure out if he's messing with me or not.

"How old are you?" I ask through the squint.

"Not that old." He says defensively. "I think, what year is it?"

I turn back around and grab Missy by the waist. And turn her on her side. Carrying her like a basketball.

"Ah!" She squeaks.

"Come on." I tell her before shifting her to my shoulder, facing behind me. "Let's leave the old man. He'll just cramp our style."

"Kitsu, put Vista down." Dad says.

"She doesn't mind." I say.

"She's clearly uncomfortable." Dad says. "And even still, you need to get in the car."

"Vista, do you want me to put you down?" I ask the girl on my shoulder.

"Um, kind of?" She says, and I move my tail to wrap around her neck comfortably. "No, no I'm good."

"See?" I say as I turn to Dad. "She's fine."

"Kitsu." He says as he crosses his arms.

"Fine." I say with a sigh as I bend over to set Missy back down.

Enjoying the way said girl has a MASSIVE blush.

"Hey, hey Missy." I say softly as I lean forward.

"Hmm?" She squeaks

"Think fast." I say as I lean up and give her a quick kiss.

"Too slow!" I say and run to the car where my backpack. Setting the bouquet down next to me.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I love her so much.

"Come on." Mr. Dallon says as he pats me on the back. "If we wait too long, she might carry us to the mall."

"Right." I say and head over to the car.

She's so perfect. Even with her hyperactive personality. She's doing everything to make me feel better over, what's happening.

I sit down in the car next to the adorable ball of chaos and cuddles. Mostly cuddles. And right away she puts her tail in my lap! It's so fluffy and warm! Especially in this unusual chill created by the ice plate.

"Hey um." I pipe up. Suddenly thinking about something. "Why didn't we just use my power to travel?"

"Because, I don't get to pick you up." Kitsu says cheekily. "So I think a car ride is good compensation."

"But doesn't that just mean we get less time to spend with each other?" I ask.

She takes my arm closest to her and holds it to her chest. Pressing my arm against her soft and very warm body.

"Still got complaints?" She asks with a teasing grin.

Not at all!

"Hands where I can see them." Mr. Dallon says.

My arms shoot up immediately in surrender as my gaze shoots forward. Seeing Mr. Dallon's smirking face in the rearview.

"We weren't doing anything!" Kitsu protests. "Who do you take me for? Crystal?"

"Oh I know." He says with a teasing grin.

"Stop interfering in my love life old man!" Kitsu yells.

"Never!" He laughs.

I'm starting to see what Mrs. Dallon means when she says they share a brain cell.

.

.

-Nonny's Roller Rink, 10:30am-

.

.

The newly opened rollerblade rink. It's nice. Got a retro, fifties dinner aesthetic to it.

Kitsu is getting the rollerblades while Mr. Dallon is getting the food. He didn't trust her to get the food without eating half of it before she got here.

Speaking of. She's on her way back with the rollerblades. Skipping over happily.

"And here are your shoes." Kitsu says as she holds out the newly rented rollerblades for me.

"Thanks." I says as I reach for them.

"Ah!" She teases as she holds them back.

I smirk at her. Leaning to the side as I put a hand on my hip. Raising a brow at her, though my visor probably hides it.

"Is this revenge for the sushi earlier this week?" I ask. "If you want a kiss. You don't have to trick me."

"While tempting~" She says as she rocks back and forth on her heels. "No, that's not what this is."

She then takes her foot and scoots my chair over. Before going down on her knees! Oh holy crap! No! No! Bad brain!

My heart pounds. Burning in my chest as she takes my foot and unties my sneaker. I'm rooted in place. I have no clue how to react to this! Is, is this inappropriate? Is my mind just in the gutter?

My heart keeps up its pace as my knees and jaw weaken. Something so, so simple as putting on my shoes for me. Why? What is going on here? How is this so, I don't even have the words!

"There!" She says smiling up at me with that adorably fanged smile. "All done! Now, your turn!" She says and stands up.

'WHAT!?' My mind screams.

A chair moves over. Placing itself right under her as she sits. She then brings her legs up to rest on my lap as she reaches down and grabs the smaller pair of rollerblades.

"Catch!" She says as she tosses them to me.

I catch the shoes in my hands. And stare nervously at her deep blue heels.

"Well?" She says and wiggles her feet.

I go ahead and take her shoes off. Being careful with them as I'm pretty sure they're expensive. I set them down and start putting the rollerblades on. Just as I'm done tying the shoes. And getting my heart under control. Mr. Dallon shows up with the food.

"Do you have any idea how expensive the food is here?" He asks with a tone of disbelief. "Forty bucks for a pizza and a basket of fries. Highway robbery!"

"It's called a convenience tax." Kitsu says. "They upcharge for the convenience of you not needing to leave and get food."

"Then why have a sign saying no outside food allowed?" He counters.

"Meh, complaints of the poor." Kitsu says haughtily. "Come along darling, we needn't associate ourselves with the common rabble."

She stands up and takes my hand.

"Um, I'm middle class." I point out as she helps me up.

"And when you graduate as a Ward?" She asks knowingly.

I, have no defense to that.

"Well, I guess I'll just enjoy my poor people food on my own." Mr. Dallon teases.

"Like heck you will!" Kitsu challenges as she lets go of me and charges for Mr. Dallon.

*Clank* *Smash*

Only to slip on her skates and smash face first into the edge of the table. Falling to the floor in a heap as Mr. Dallon grabs the drinks to keep them from falling.

Meanwhile my eyes are glued to her rear. Her dress hiking up just enough to barely see the outer hem of her underwear. The flawless curve of her legs and thighs on full display.

'This is easily one of the best days of my life.' I think to myself.

Though I don't get to enjoy the sight for long as Kitsu jumps back up.

"I'm okay!" She says. "Just hit my forehead!"

Mr. Dallon just stares at her. Struggling not to laugh at her lack of coordination and face plant.

I'm just glad no one caught me staring.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Missy was totally checking out my ass.

I don't mind. If what happened to me happened to her, I'd probably do the same. Girl got legs!

After my stare down with Dad. Where I took a fry and flicked cheese on his face. I took the blushing Missy by the hand again. And, conscious of the wheels on my feet, guide us to the rink where people are skating.

"You know." I say as I drag the wobbly Missy. "We could've used your power to make it to the ice plate out on the bay. Had a little winter date in the summer."

I have a tan coat that I just know Missy would fall over. Especially if make the Eevee neck floof? I might just use that later today. See how she reacts.

I've mentioned it before, but I'm fine with a neck floof because it's cute. The stripes just make me feel hairy. And the stripes are natural. I have to turn them off every morning to keep them from growing. The neck floof is the opposite. If I fall asleep with it, I'll wake up with it gone. Or rather all over me as the fur falls out.

"Hmm, maybe." Missy says with a small smile. "Our own winter wonderland in the bay? We could have snowball fights!"

"Or mistletoe~" I tease as we start skating.

"If you want a kiss, you just have to ask." Missy says.

"Why even ask?" I say cheekily as I go to give her a quick peck on the cheek.

Only for her to beat me to it!

"Gotcha." She says with a smirk.

"You sneak!" I say in mock offense.

"Says the girl who can turn invisible." She says with a smirk.

We're just sliding across the rink as we talk and try not to fall. Neither of us being particularly skilled in the art of walking with wheels. Seeing as I've never done it. Impeccable balance be damned.

I have good balance as a result of my tail. Not as the result of a power.

I slip a bit and Missy has to catch me. Which just leads to a fumbling mess where people skate around us.

"Whoa!" I shout as I fall forward.

"Crap!" Missy cries as she pulls me back up. Overextending and causing us to fall back.

"Ah!" I panic and try to corral us to the side. Not wanting to fall back on my tail.

"Eep!" Missy squeaks as we fall against the side wall.

Missy is sat against the wall. Me in her arms, face to face as I look up to her. We stare at each other. A few blinks later we both start laughing.

The rest of the date went pretty much as such. With us trying and failing to rollerblade. As neither of us have ever done it. Only to later be shown up by Dad.

Who is literally Russian Folk Dancing!

"What the actual flying dutchman heck!?" I cry as I stare at him.

"High school elective!" He yells out over the crowd as he does a mid air split! Gaining a round of cheers from the people watching him. "It was either this, or sewing!"

"They taught Russian rollerblade folk dancing?!" Missy asks.

"Nope! Just folk dancing!" He says. "Get good enough at something and it never leaves youUUUU!"

He just slammed down in a crouch, finally fumbling. Doing the splits and slamming his crotch to the floor.

He forgot a cup.

He falls to the side while nursing his crotch. Much to the collective amusement and or wincing of the crowd.

I slide over to him. Calmly stopping right before him.

"What was that about getting good at something?" I ask, looking down at him with a grin.

"Just, don't tell your mother." He groans. "I'll never hear the end of this."

"I won't tell her." I say simply. "Whether or not she'll see it on PHO is another story."

"Fuck me." He groans.

"Language~" I tease the showoff.

.

.

-5:08pm, Dallon House-

.

.

At home, with my Missy. Dad's going to get Mom from work. Amy's at the hospital covering for me with the Case 53's. Which is still all over the news and all anyone can talk about.

We're in my room. I'm sat sideways in Missy's lap as she brushes my tail. My head on her shoulder as we relax in silence. I'm in my night clothes, same as her.

"I love you." Missy says as she kisses my cheek.

"I love you too." I say and kiss her back.

"Not as much as I love you." She says as she stops brushing my tail. And brings her arms to hold me. "You, you never judge me. You just are, you're here and love me back. You make me feel loved."

She's starting to shake. Missy, is upset. And not annoyed upset or miffed upset. She's, sad upset.

"Well, that's because I love you." I say as turn in her arms to face her. "And I want you to know that."

She stares at me with watering eyes. Not quite crying, but definitely a bit shinier from the moisture welling up.

"Are you okay?" I ask. "You know you can tell me anything. Did you kill someone? I know a guy who help hide the body." I finish with a devious smile.

"Pfft. I love you so much." She says with a sad smile.

"You said that already." I say. "C'mon Missy. What's wrong?"

"I'm fine." She says. "Just, sentimental. It happens."

"Bullshit." I say, much to her surprise. "Missy, over the last several days you've been extra clingy, extra emotional, had a short temper, either you're pregnant or this is about your parents divorce."

She gives another chuckle as she lets out a tear. The first of several as more follow suit.

"I, I just, is it me?" She cries. "I, I know it's not. But, they, when I was younger, we were so happy. The only thing tha, that changed, wa, was me."

"Missy, you know that it's not you." I say and hug her, placing my head beside hers.

"I, I just, but. I was there the, the whole time." She says through her cries. "I, I could've done, maybe. I don't know! I just never thought it'd actually happen! I thought we'd get over this! And be a family!"

"It's not your fault." I say as I pat her back.

"I know!" She cries as she squeezes me harder, her tears staining my white tee shirt. "I know."

I hold her as she tries to squeeze the life out of me. A few minutes later. She's done crying, and we stay there.

"See?" I say as I pull back. "Crying is good for you. Don't you feel better?"

"Yeah, yeah a little." She says with a small smile, her eyes red from crying.

I put my forehead to hers. My hands on her cheeks. I give her a quick kiss.

"And I still love you all the same." I say, still forehead to forehead. "In fact, I think I might love you more."

"For crying?" She questions with a small smile.

"For trusting me enough that you can cry." I say as I open my eyes to stare at her. "Anytime you need a shoulder to cry on. Just remember you have me."

Her tears start welling up once more.

"I love you so much!" She says with a crack in her voice. Hugging me even harder. "Why are you so perfect!?"

"I'm just perfect for you." I say with a smile.

"Promise, promise you'll never leave me?" She asks with a choked voice.

"Not so long as I can help it." I say and kiss her again.

"You really like kissing me." She laughs.

"About as much as you like staring at my butt." I say with a smirk and wiggle said butt in her lap.

I laugh at the way her eyes widen and her face reddens.

"I, I um, I." She stutters, much to my own amusement.

"Nowhere for you to run now." I say with a devious smirk as I hold her tight. "Face your sins!"

"Well, it's just, you, I'm looking at your tail!" She stutters. "It's just so fluffy! And round, I mean soft, no I mean, yeah soft!"

"I don't mind." I say, cutting her off.

…

"You don't?" She asks.

"Mm, no, not really." I say with a smile. "I mean, I got a sweet butt. Why would I be upset that my girlfriend likes it?"

"Oh, um. I just thought, since a lot of people say staring is rude. That, you'd, get mad at me?" She says awkwardly.

"Hm, I mean, if you were some rando on the street I'd be annoyed." I say, placing a finger to my lip in thought. "But like I said, you're my girlfriend of how many months now?"

"Our three month anniversary was just yesterday." Missy replies quickly.

"Wait, really?" I ask with a raised brow.

"We got together on the tenth of April." She answers.

"Oh, neat." I say simply. "Well, like I said, I don't care that my girlfriend likes how I look."

My goal here is to make Missy feel better. And right now, that involves distracting and reassuring her.

Not to say that anything I said is untrue. I'm just being a lot more forward about it than I normally would. Besides, this just opens up more room for teasing!

"Well, in that case." Missy says softly as she swallows a lump in her throat. "Is, do you look at, me, that way?"

"All the time." I admit. "I'm just better at hiding it."

Super speed go zoom.

That gets her blush to come back full force.

"Oh, um. Well, what, what do you, um." She stutters.

"Your legs." I admit with a smirk. "And your lips. I love your lips."

To emphasize my statement. I kiss her again. Only this isn't a short kiss. It's a longer, more passionate one.

Which is ruined when Missy slides her hands down and grabs my butt.

"Hey!" I shout as I pull back and bap her on the forehead. "No!"

"I thought you said-"

"I don't mind you looking, but touching is another story!" I say as I grab her hands from my butt and place them on my sides. "Hands, away, from the equator. We've only been dating three months, I'mma need at least six before I allow any wandering hands."

"I'm sorry." She squeaks, her face red in mortification.

"You're fine." I say and turn to my side in her lap. "You can make it up with scratches."

.

.

Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon POV

.

"Well at least she knows how to stand up for herself." I mutter as I walk back to my room.

Just got back from getting Amy from the hospital, and I heard crying and went to see what was going on. Only to find the topic was way out of my jurisdiction. And, when the subject matter changed, I was ready to embarrass the fuck out of the munchkin. Maybe black mail her into doing some of my chores in exchange for not telling mom and dad.

This, eh. This is fine.

I float back into my room and take back my spot on the bed. On my back, head hanging off the side as I scroll through my texts.

"Everything okay?" Ames asks.

She's doing the same. Only she's sat on the floor. Sitting against the front of my bed.

"Yeah." I say as I get a text a text.

From Kitsu.

(Pls dnt tell mom)-K

(Missy might actually die of embarrassment)-K

.

.

-Tuesday, July 13th, The Rig, 8am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

So, it turns out that yesterday I was supposed to start tutoring. Or, summer school for my horrible social studies grade. But, well. My summer school teacher is kinda dead. She was on the boardwalk and got mutated. And, died from said mutation. Her nervous system was turned inside out and she died from the shock.

On the one hand, that sucks. On the other. No school! And on the metaphorical hand that is my tail. I'll have to spend the entirety of the first half of my freshman year being tutored after school.

Boo.

On the bright side my nurse outfit came in! Stereotypical nurse outfit. I was planning on wearing it today and maybe surprising Missy when she showed up for our lunch. Maybe tease her a bit.

But then Amy decided she'd take the day. And Missy got console duty.

So I thought I'd visit Missy before she has console duty. Then just fuck around the rest of the day. Maybe hang out with dad watching some of those old spy movies he has.

As I'm thinking this. The hallway distorts and Missy slams into me.

"Whoa!" I cry out as I instinctually activate my immovable. Causing Missy to fall back as I catch her.

And I see it. Tear stained, red eyed. She's still crying.

"Oh my gosh baby!" I cry out in concern. "What happened?"

"It, it's nothing." She says as she stands back up and rubs her eyes dry.

"Missy, stop lying to me."

.

.

-15 Minutes earlier, Ward's common room-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

Scrolling through my phone. Looking for something new. All anyone can talk about is the Case 53 explosion.

Today is gonna suck. I've got console duty and it's just after school gets out. And crime is pretty high right now. Which means I'm stuck watching a screen all day unable to really help anyone.

"Hey pipsqueak." I hear as the resident rehab project plops into the seat next to me. "Got anything juicy for me?"

'Ignore her.' I tell myself.

"Just gonna ghost me like that? Alright, well I was asking cause I heard something rather juicy about you." She says. "Heard your mommy and daddy finally couldn't stand each other any longer and made it official."

"That is none of your business!" I glare at her.

"And I don't care." She says with a smirk. "Just curious as to how it feels. Never had a dad. So I don't know what it's like."

"That makes sense." I say. "Probably saw you and ditched."

"Soph, leave it." Vergil says.

"What?" She says innocently. "Just curious what it's like to come from a breaking family."

That, hurts more than I care to admit.

"Don't you have anything better to do?" I ask.

"Aww, what's the matter?" She says in a fake baby voice. "Am I huwting your feewings? Get over it."

"What is wrong with you?" I ask.

"Nothing, I'm just trying to figure out what's wrong with you." She says with a smirk.

"Excuse me?" I say in shock.

"I mean, stop me if I'm wrong. But you act like an adult when you're the youngest. Clearly got issues there." She starts.

"Better than acting like the strongest in the room when you're the weakest!" I point out.

"Sure, whatever." She rolls her eyes as she turns on the stool to rest her elbows on the counter. "You know, thinking on it. It makes sense you'd wanna be seen as a grown up. Faster you could grow up, faster you could get away from mommy and daddy arguing."

That's, not entirely, true. Not completely at least.

"Sophia! Knock it off!" Dennis yells.

"Shove it wristwatch." She flips him off. "Where was I? Oh yeah, hell, you're so broken, I willing to bet the only reason you're dating the little fox is because you couldn't convince Dean to give you a shot."

"That's not true!" I yell.

Right?

"Hell, I bet she showed you a little bit of interest, and you jumped right on that train."

"Sophia!" Dennis and Vergil shout.

"Mommy and daddy too busy fighting to pay you any attention." She says with a smirk as my eyes start watering. "So you hopped on the first person to pay you any. And when that didn't work? Well, you latched onto the second."

I'm already halfway out the door. If I let her see me cry. She wins. I won't give her the satisfaction.

.

.

-Returned-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Shhh." I calm the girl as I rub her head. "It's okay. I'll deal with it."

"No!" She shoots up. "It's not a big deal! Sophia just likes to run her mouth!"

I'm already walking as she tries to hold me back. With me just dragging her as I calmly make my way to the common room.

"No no no no! Please!" She keeps begging as the door at the middle of the hall stretches away from me.

"Missy, I love you." I say as I stop. "But I need you to understand that I have a bitch who just fucked around, and now she needs to find out."

As I say that. The common rooms door opens to reveal Dennis.

"Get bent!" He shouts behind him. Flipping off whoever he's addressing.

He turns to see me. And Missy, who is currently trying to hold me back.

"Oh fuck this!" He says and turns down the hall in the opposite direction.

"Ayo man!" I hear Vergil call out as he steps out of the door to look left where Dennis is currently booking it. "The heck's wrong?"

"I choose life!" He shouts.

He looks around and spots me. And I just wave.

"Ay man wait for me!" He shouts as he follows right after.

Smart boys.

.

.

-5 Minutes later-

.

.

Lyra POV

.

"AAAAAGGHHHH!" Sophia screams as electricity sparks from Kitsu.

She's not unaffected. I can tell from the way she's gritting her teeth. She's hurting herself to hurt Sophia.

She means business.

"Rrm." Brutus moans as he tilts his head at me.

"Stay." I instruct him.

No need to get involved in a fight for dominance. Sophia started it. Kitsu's ending it. Simple as that. I may not know what it is about.

"Argh! My arm!"

But I don't care. I just hope their fighting doesn't reach me and break the TV.

This Irwin guy in Australia is pretty cool.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Holy ever living shit that hurts!

I decided to take a shot at shorting out her breaker state. How? Well, electric eels. The three organs the electric eels use to make electricity are in my forearms and palms right now. And even being as small as they are, they hurt. Like a bitch.

Worth it!

"Cry some more!" I scream as I beat the living shit out of her with the stool.

Missy ran off to go get, someone. I wasn't paying attention.

"Stop!" She begs as I bring the stool down on her outstretched hand. Breaking it. "Ahh! You psychopathic bitch!"

"I SAID CRY!" I scream at the girl who hurt my Missy.

She turns into mist. And I electrify the metal stool. Gritting my teeth through the pain and swinging it through her. Catching her in the side and slamming her into the cabinets over the sink. Breaking them and causing Sophia to slam into said sink.

I'm keeping the voltage low. Making it just powerful enough to short her out. But not so powerful that it knocks me out from the pain.

"Home run!" I shout.

I might be enjoying this too much.

It'd be another ten minutes before someone came and stopped me. But I was already done with the waste of genetic material.

.

.

-2 hours later-

.

.

"Five broken ribs, a punctured lung, dislocated shoulder, dislocated hip, dislocated knee, shattered meniscus, five crushed vertebrae, cracked skull." Pigot lists off. "And those are just the highlights. Should I continue?"

"Sure, I wanna know the details of my high score." I say with a smile.

"Shut up." Mom says. "We'll take care of the medical. And any-"

"Not necessary." Pigot says. "Kitsu already healed her. I just felt it prudent to let you know the circumstances of why Kitsu is no longer allowed here at the Rig for the foreseeable future."

"Fine by me." I say with a shrug.

Not like they can keep me out if I really wanted to get in.

Pigot stares at me for a long while. Before turning to Mom.

"I also thought you'd like to know that, given the extenuating circumstances, and Shadow Stalkers past history, as well as her recent history. We are willing to wave this off. Just this once."

"What do you want?" Mom says, crossing her arms as she glares at the woman.

"Excuse me?" Pigot asks. Though she doesn't seem fazed by the question.

"I've dealt with the PRT long enough to know you have an angle going here." Mom says.

Pigot stares at her for a while longer. Before sighing.

"I'm not at liberty to say." She says, once again having a stare down with the director of the east northeast. "Just know that it has nothing to do with anything you could give, or do for us."

"Then we'll take our leave." Mom says and stands up. "Come on."

I hop up and follow her out. Walking through the halls of the Rig.

"I'm grounded aren't I?" I ask as we make our way to the helipad.

"Oh very much so. Until August in fact." She replies without hesitation and a small laugh. "Unless there's an emergency or you're at the hospital, you're not leaving the house."

"Yeah that's fair." I sigh. "Can Missy still come over?"

"I'll think about it."

.

.

Director Emily Pigot POV

.

That could've gone worse.

I press a button on the desk.

"Send Sophia in." I say.

In a few more moments. The resident trouble child is here.

"Sit." I tell the walking headache.

"I'd rather-"

"Sit." I say once more. Making it clear that it wasn't a request.

She stares at me for a bit. Before stepping forward and doing so.

"What is wrong with you?" I ask. "Genuinely. Are you suicidal, do we need to put you through therapy?"

"What?" She asks with a look that's somewhere between a sneer and confusion.

"Because, I can't for the life of me, understand your thought process." I continue. "You see, you were doing so well, staying out of trouble, finishing your patrols. And the moment Daredevil leaves for New York. This happens."

"It's not my fault-"

"You antagonized the girlfriend of the most powerful parahuman this side of the Appalachian mountain range?" I suggest. "Sorry, I felt the need to stop you from making a bigger fool of yourself."

"She just needs to learn to stand up for herself." The brat in front of me protests.

"You see, that's were you're wrong." I say. "If you attack a hornet, they sting you. However, that sting leaves a chemical trail that attracts and agitates other nearby hornets. If you attack a wolf, you can expect its pack to show up. Am I getting through to you yet?"

"Sure, don't piss of the crybaby." She says with a roll of her eyes.

If I had a cattle prod right now I'd be making liberal use of it.

"No, what I'm saying. Is don't piss of the girl who has the power to leave the city!" I raise my voice. "You can expect this to go on your official record. And just so you know, this is strike one. Two more and you'll find yourself in juvie."

"That's bullshit!" She says as she stands up.

"Welcome to the real world." I say. "You'll encounter a lot of that here. Trust me I know, I'm staring at a pile of it."

I call Miss Militia to come escort her out. And prepare the report for Chief Director Costa-Brown. Kitsu has a new power. Electricity generation.

I can't exactly tell anyone that the entirety of the fucking triumvirate have a vested interest in seeing Kitsu kept happy and complacent on the side of the heroes. If she could one shot Behemoth three years ago, who's to say how powerful she'll be in a few more. How strong she'll be in two years, or five, or ten?

She's got an active and renewable get out of jail free card so long as her power keeps increasing and she doesn't do anything too bad. We just can't let her in on that fact. Which is why I had to enforce some form of repercussion.

I just pray she hasn't figured it out yet.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

No bonus. Sorry. All creative juices have been used up.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Nah you thought! Here's a lemon for you perverts! A chapter fifty special!

.

.

Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV

.

Home alone!

I push Fire back onto my bed. Him falling back with a plop as I slide down onto my knees between his legs. It's been almost a week since we last did anything. And I'm starving.

"Come on, come on!" I whine as I struggle to unbuckle his belt and pants. "I've been waiting all day for this!"

"Holy shit, that's the hottest thing you've said." Fire says.

Noted.

I finally manage to get his pants open. His massive cock already poking halfway past the hem of his underwear.

I yank those off too and let the monster smack me in the face.

I give a deep whiff. Enjoying the musky smell as I bring my hands up to stroke it.

"Fucking finally." I give out a breathy moan before licking it from bulbous base to the heart shaped tip. Lapping up the pre as Fire brings his hands to my head.

I plunge myself down. Shoving the length past my tonsils as I gag.

I will get him all the way in damnit!

"Mrrm!" I gag as Fire moans.

With tears in my eyes, I go further down.

"Oh, fuck!" Fire moans.

Further, further! His bulb is at my lips! Almost!

My throat is burning and I have to come back up for breath. His heart shaped head flaring as it almost hooks on my tonsils.

"FUCK!" He moans as I pop off of him.

His head is throbbing and flaring. He's already so close! One more shot!

"Okay, Fire, when I go down. I want you to hold me there." I say with a pant.

"Are, are you sure?" He asks uncertainly. "If I finish in yo"

I don't let him finish his concern as I take a deep breath and force my head back down. Shoving his flaring head back past my tonsils and my lips on his throbbing base again.

"Oh god!" He moans as he starts trembling. His base pumping as his head expands in my throat. Forcing his hot cum into my stomach.

I can feel the pumping of his cum traveling through his cock on my tongue. And I moan with the stimulation. Moaning on his dick as he cums harder.

He tries to pull out. Only for his head to hook on my tonsils. Shooting his load even harder into the back of my throat and gaining a gasp from him as he stands up and thrusts forward. Shoving his pumping bulb past my lips.

His hips jerking against my face. His groans as he keeps cumming into my stomach. And the pulsing of his base all so sexy!

God this is so HOT!

He keeps cumming for almost a minute longer as my longs start to burn. After he's done cumming. He tries to leave my mouth again. Only to get snagged on my tonsils.

"Oh god!" He trembles and pumps out a little more.

Getting an idea, I grab his base and squeeze the pumping bulb.

"Ah!" He gasps.

He starts cumming even more!

"MRM!" I scream in surprise.

Each gooey line of seed hitting the back of my throat. I hold it in me as much as I can before swallowing.

He eventually deflates. And I pop off his cock with a gasp.

"Hah, hah, ha." I pant as I regain my breathe. The burning in my lungs spreading to the rest of my body as my arousal spikes. "Fuck!"

I think I have a thing for choking. Nice!

"Holy shit!" Fire says as he kneels. "Crys, are you okay?!"

I look at him through my daze. And smile before shoving him back on the bed again.

"You need to stop worrying about me." I say as I strip. "I can take care of myself."

I climb on top of him. Placing my hands on his chest. Grinding his long, ribbed, length against my lips through my panties.

"Mrrm." I can't help but moan as he rehardens under me.

I slide my panties to the side. Grab his monster and angle it at my entrance. And promptly drop down.

"Fuck!" I moan happily as I move my hands to his. Locking our hands together as we get going. Bouncing on him and as he thrusts into me.

Finding a good rhythm as we keep going. Though, his shape and size give him an unfair advantage. Rarely does he cum more than me. And that proves true here again as my bouncing gets more and more jerky as his ribbed length and bulbous base passing my entrance sends me over.

"Ahn!~" I moan as he doesn't stop. Hold me up as I shake on top of him.

I lose my strength for a bit as he grabs my hips and keeps me bouncing.

His pace picks up and I soon find myself bouncing of my own accord again.

"Come on!" I shout in rapture. "Cum! Give it to me! Fill me up again!"

This was the right move. As he grabs my hips and flips us over. Missionary it is!

"That's it!" I encourage him as I feel my own climax building again, his grunting and groaning music to my ears.

I wrap my legs around his waist as he slams into me. Rocking the bed and slamming the headboard into the wall repeatedly.

He picks up his pace again. Gripping my hips harder as he thrusts into me with reckless abandon.

"Gonna, gonna!" He grits as his thrusts slow to, deep, powerful thrusts.

"Inside, come on baby, fill me up." I coax him. "Give me my treat, you can do it."

With one more harsh thrust. He slams into me and his head swells as his bulb pumps powerful gushes of cum inside me.

Remembering earlier, I snake a hand down, pull back enough and squeeze his pumping bulb.

"Fuck." He screams as slams back into me, hard enough to make me see stars as he keeps, cumming!

His bulb slamming back inside me and pumping with more fury than before.

"Yes!" I cry as I cum with him. "Oh, fuck yes!"

This is awesome!

We lay there, panting and heaving. Me from the hardest orgasm I've had yet. Him from the intense exercise he just went through.

*Slam*

"Crystal, are you home?!" I hear mom shout. Quickly snapping me out of my high.

"Shit!" Me and Fire stare at each other wide eyed.

He's still stuck inside me!

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

.

I headcanon that Steve Irwin never died from a stingray on Earth-Bet. Leviathan's movements caused a butterfly effect that led to him never dying from that stingray.

It's my fantasy! Leave it be!

.

So, fun fact. The reason I kept joking about Missy being best suited to be a cat girl. Is because I have a cat named Missy.

She's a little black cat with a white chest and white paws. Out of everyone in the house. I'm the only one she goes to.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

RadChaos897: did you know that scientists theorize that the rise in allergies is because we are too clean? Supposedly, parasites have a calming effect on our immune system that keeps it from overreacting to certain stimuli like pollen or peanuts, but because of our medicines and cleaner lifestyle they don't get many chances to infect us and make our immune system calmer. We have literally evolved in such a way that we need parasites in order to live a more healthy life, how messed up is that? Anyway, to deliver my original point: I wonder if you could bioengineer a parasite of some kind that is harmless enough to cause little to no damage, but still have that calming effect on a person's immune system? I know you could just go *boop* and biokinesis away their allergies and whatever other problems they have, but this is a sort of step to improving the world as a whole. Allergies are no fun, especially during pollen season. Nothing is worse than a runny nose, teary eyes, and a scratchy throat.

Newb: I did not know that.

Kitsu: Amy might be able to do that, but I wouldn't. Parasites and bacteria and viruses are a bit out of my range.

.

FOR [Conduit]!

RadChaos897: [Redacted for spoilers]

Nuclear cat: is the language you use data in word form or concepts in word form that we lowly humans can't understand very well because our brains can't understand concepts as a whole? Or is it something completely different?

[Conduit]: [Yes]

Nuclear cat: Could you theoretically give Kitsu more powers right now that isn't connected or part of what she already has?

[Conduit]: [Yes]

.

FOR KITSU!

RadChaos897: Now that you've started healing and fixing Case 53s, do you think that it will attract even more Case 53s? There are many Case 53s with unwanted mutations, like Sveta and Weld, who will seek you out to try and fix their mutation problems. You've already got a whole gaggle of them, but how will you deal with droves of Case 53s looking for you?

Kitsu: Set up a waiting list. Get in line maggots!

RadChaos897: Speaking of fixing bodily problems, have you ever thought of using your biokinesis for doing paid cosmetic alterations? I think someone else or I asked this question before and you responded with something along the lines of "I would, but it would take too much of my time". Doesn't hurt to ask again if it was already asked before. It is a great source of revenue and publicity if you do things like heal burn victims or victims of villain attacks like those victims of Acidbath.

Kitsu: WAITING LIST!

*The next question is being ignored you future sight observation haki using hack!*

RadChaos897: Have you done a Goth Kitsu? I feel like you have done it before, but I don't trust my brain to remember stuff. Not after that Genosha mistake. I wonder how Missy would react to Goth Kitsu?

Kitsu: *Thinks for a moment* No, I haven't. Why haven't I?

Nuclear cat: what's your opinion on the members of cauldron individually?

Kitsu: Alexandria can suck a fat one, Eidolon can get a fat one shoved in his behind. And I respect Legend too much to make a joke here.

.

.

FOR ONE TIME ONLY!

AMY DALLON!

RadChaos897: Amy, Amy, Amy, AMY… I have SO many questions for you, but most of them tread into personal territory that I'm sure you would be uncomfortable answering and some are questions about events that haven't happened/potentially will never happen, so I'll keep those to myself and only ask the less invasive and funny ones.

Amy: Good, keep it that way.

RadChaos897: If you were more comfortable with bioengineering, what would be some things you would want to create? I image you would create things like hyper advanced medical plants and such so they can be turned into highly effective medicines so the hospitals wouldn't need to call on you so often.

Amy: super weed. Give it to everyone so they would leave me the fuck alone.

RadChaos897: In your time as a healer, what were some of the craziest injuries you had to heal? Did some person forget to remove their metal butt plug before going into the MRI machine and you got called in to heal what was left of their lower half? Btw, real talk, that actually happened, look it up. Some people, huh? *eye roll*

Amy: It wasn't a butt plug, but a forty something year old man had a remote shoved up his ass. And all the ferrous metal basically fragged his guts. Uh, I wish I could forget that. There was also the guy with a power drill in his neck. To say NOTHING of what the EMT guys bring in. Like the guy who gave his diabetic friend with LOW BLOOD SUGAR, some INSULIN to help fix him.

HEADS UP FUCKWADS! INSULIN! LOWERS, BLOOD SUGAR!

FUCK!

There's also the girl that got super glue stuck in her eye. Glued her contact to her eye and everything.

RadChaos897: Were there any funny injuries you healed just because you felt bad for the person?

Amy: There's the fourteen year old girl who stole her mom's vibrator. Only to shove it in her as opposed to using it how it's supposed to be used and the head broke inside her. There was also the thirteen year old boy who had his dick stuck in a glass ketchup bottle. Yeah, I healed him as a thanks for the laugh.

Oh! There's that guy who came in with his leg facing backwards. He thought it was a good idea to stick his legs out the window of a car. While on the highway.

RadChaos897: Besides all those times Vicky called you to heal the people she brutalized, what were some other times she called you for your powers? I imagine most of those times were when a friend of hers asked if they could get bigger tits or one of her guy friends asked for a bigger dick or something stupid like that. A third leg is all fun and games until your body can't support it and you pass out every time you get an erection.

Amy: Actually it was mostly, "Amy I need help! Me and Dean did it raw and I can't get pregnant!" or "Amy can you help with my cramps?! Please?!"

RadChaos897: Speaking of stupid things, did anyone ever ask you to do something blatantly stupid with your powers? It's pretty much guaranteed that people will ask you to do completely asinine things with your powers.

Amy: Top five? Okay!

1 Asking for dicks for fingers so he could "Get off to finger blasting his girl"

2 Asking for four legs so they can be a centaur!

3 Flesh pockets. Don't ask.

4 A prehensile dick. A girl asked me for that by the way. No she wasn't trans, no she wasn't asking for her boyfriend.

5 Nipples on the butt.

Grimnosh: Kitsu has mentioned that you and her have pulled pranks on Vicky and Dean but have you pulled any on your parents?

Amy: Huh?

Newb whispers: That was future good ending Kitsu and Amy.

Nuclear cat: what's your favorite music, food, and piece of fiction?

Amy: Jazz, popcorn, and House MD.

.

.

NEXT TIME

VICTORIA DALLON!

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro

Find me in my channel: newb's-grotta
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, macdjord, Alduinian and 139 others
Newb to the game
Jun 20, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 51 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jun 22, 2024
Add bookmark
#419
A/N Implications.

Alt title:


Chapter 67 is up on FFN
https://m.fanfiction.net/s/14237476/67/
.

Covid is kicking my ass. I'm now out of work until Feb 5. Which means DnD is canceled AGAIN!

FUCK!

.

.

.

Disclaimer: I don't own Worm or any other characters in this work, other than my OC. All other characters belong to their respective properties.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Tuesday 13th, Dallon House, 1pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"I begged you to stop!" Missy cries over the phone.

She's, less than happy with me. For what happened with the, yeah.

"And I didn't." I say. "She had it coming! You can't deny that."

"Violence isn't the answer!" Missy retorts. "I would've filed harassment; it'd be taken care of!"

"For a few months!" I counter. "If that! Then she'd be right back at it!"

"And there are proper channels for that!" Missy continues. "You can't just take things into your own hands like that!"

"Missy, we're heroes, taking things into our own hands is literally part of the job." I remind her.

"Not like this!" She says. "There were several ways you could've handled that!"

"Name, one, that would have a permanent effect." I counter. "Heck, name one that would have an immediate effect, or a meaningful one even."

…

"Exactly." I say.

"Just because you're right doesn't make what you did right." Missy says.

"I'm not sorry." I say.

"You could at least pretend to be!" Missy offers.

"I'm not going to lie to you like that." I say. "You mean too much to me for me to be that fake around you. I'd do it again."

…

…

"Missy?"

"I have work, I'll talk to you later." She says.

"Um, okay." I say uncertainly. A bit taken aback at her tone. "I love you."

"Love you too." She says.

*Click*

…

I hope she isn't too mad. At least, not for long.

.

.

-Same Time, The Rig-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I have such a headache right now.

Sure, hearing the piece of crap Sophia get several new holes torn into her was satisfying. And I wish I could've heard more of it. But that's not the point!

I can't believe her! What she did was so wrong on so many levels! Morally, ethically, legally! Did she not stop to think how I would feel?! She could've been arrested! And I think we all know that if Kitsu was arrested then she'd be sent to the Birdcage for her power alone. Then I'd never see her again!

Even still.

As much as I know Kitsu is in the wrong here. And everyone can see she got off damn near Scott free. I can't bring myself to be actually mad at her. She stood up for me.

No one's done that except Dean and Vicky.

I just, can't bring myself to be mad at her.

That being said what she did was not okay!

"Vista, um, directions?" I hear Vergil ask over the comms, again.

"Get a GPS!" I say into the mic.

.

.

-Dallon House, 1:30pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

'I mean, she can't stay mad at me forever.' I think to myself. 'Right?'

As I'm thinking this and playing with Kratos. I hear Vicky walk down the hall. I expect her to just pass but she stops at my door.

I can recognize people by their footsteps. Vicky's are lighter and more, sporadic, if that makes sense. Like she can't decide if she wants to fly, walk, or run.

"It's open." I say before she knocks.

She opens the door and leans on the doorframe. Crossing her arms as she looks around my room.

"Damn, got a real, fantasy forest thing going on here huh?" She asks.

"Yeah." I say simply. "I like things that glow."

My room is now covered in modified plants. Heck, a bit ago I tore up the carpet and replaced it with moss. It's a soft blue green moss that's much softer and easier to clean.

In that I don't have to clean it. It cleans itself. So long as I don't get any hot sauce on it. It's fine. The moss does not like capsaicin. Neither do I for

"Mind if I borrow a few?" She asks, gesturing to the Stygian Bluebells I have in the corner.

"Standard rate is fifty five dollars before tax." I say as I turn Kratos onto his back.

"Forget it, I'll just ask Ames to make me some." She says.

She stands there a bit longer as I give Kratos his reward for flipping back over. A small slice of banana. He grabs it gingerly before placing it down and nibbling it up.

"Alright, spill." She finally says.

"What?" I ask without looking to her.

"Mom and dad won't say why you're grounded." She says.

"Oh, I put Shadow Stalker in the ICU." I say simply as I watch Kratos eat his banana slice.

'Ish sho cute!' I coo in my head. 'Look at you go! Om nom nom!'

"Wait, for real?" Vicky asks.

"She made Missy cry." I say with a shrug. "So I made her cry. Did you know it's possible to dislocate and shatter a knee? And still have it be two separate things on medical report?"

"Only if it's the meniscus that's shattered. Don't ask." Vicky says quickly before adding. "Damn, wish I'd been there to see it. Pay to see that bitch get her ass handed to her."

"Eh, at one point she was biting her own butt." I say, enjoying the positive interaction for once.

This is the longest genuine conversation me and Vicky have had that hasn't led to shouting.

"Damn, how'd you pull that off?" Vicky asks, almost sounding impressed. "Wait, she's not dead is she?"

"One." I say as I hold up a finger. "I broke like, four or five vertebrae's while folding her like a lawn chair. Two." I say and hold up another finger. "Sadly no, she's still alive. I healed her."

"Shame." She says with sigh.

"Aren't you a hero?" I ask as I take my eyes off of Kratos.

"I mean, I wouldn't put her in the morgue." Vicky says knowingly. "But I certainly wouldn't be in a rush to go after whoever did."

"Mn, yeah that's fair." I say as I bob my head in agreement.

"So if you had such a good time, why're you mopping about?" She asks.

"Missy is mad at me." I say as I lay my head back down on my hands. Staring at Kratos as he finishes his banana.

"Ah, gotcha. Want some advice?" Vicky offers.

I think about it for a solid minute.

'I mean, she would be the authority on making up.' I ponder. 'Couldn't hurt at least.'

"Sure." I say and turn my head to look at her, just as she's about to leave.

"Next time you see her, play up the cutesy act." She says. "And if you really want to go the extra mile? Flash some skin."

"I will not!" I say indignantly as I push up to glare at her. Bouncing the mattress and knocking Kratos over to the floor. "Kratos noooo!"

I catch him before it hits the floor. Calming my mini heart attack. I know it wouldn't hurt him. But would you willingly let your kid get a brick smashed against their head just because they're wearing a helmet?

…

On second thought don't answer that.

"I don't mean anything drastic." Vicky says. "I'm not saying sext her or anything, just, something distracting enough to take her mind off things. She likes the fur stripes right? Try that, not literally flash her."

'That, is actually. Not too bad of an idea.' I think to myself.

I mean, I have nothing else in mind. And the only people I can really ask are Wade, Vicky, Amy, Mom, Dad, Crystal and maybe Eric or Lyra.

Wade, has zero dating experience and will likely over analyze it and give me a play by sheet to memorize. Same with Amy and Eric, the no experience part. I'm trying to give Mom room to cool down, don't wanna upset her more and not be allowed to have Missy over. Knowing Crystal and how she handles her relationship, well, no. Just, no. Lyra? No, I don't need to explain why going to a girl with zero social skills for dating advice is bad. And Dad, he, he's.

I can't think of a good reason not to ask him for advice. Huh, guess he's my next target.

"That's, not a bad idea." I say finally as I take Kratos over to his new habitat. A wooden one made with obstacles he can climb and interact with to alleviate his boredom.

"Good, now." Vicky says. "Maybe you can help me as a thank you?"

And just when I thought we were having a genuine moment.

I turn to stare at her plainly.

"Ask me after your advice works." I say and go back to my bed. Pulling out my phone and opening Youtube.

"Oh come on!" Vicky whines. "It's super quick, you can do it right here even! Promise!"

"Fine, I'll at least hear you out." I say and roll to my side to face her.

"Perfect!" She says and floats over to crouch in front of me. "Can you move some of my stomach flab to my chest? And while you're at it can you do something to ease the back pain?"

"Don't you have super strength?" I ask. "And why? You look fine."

"Doesn't mean I can't look better." She says as she puts a hand to her hip. "And it doesn't matter how strong you are, constantly keeping your back straight with the top weight pulling it forward gets tiring. You'll realize that soon enough. FYI, I'd get your outfits adjusted soon. Your starting to strain your tops. I mean, I don't judge, but."

"Is it that noticeable!?" I ask as I bring my arms up to cover my chest in embarrassment.

I knew I was growing. But I didn't think I was growing that fast! Who knows what kind of creeps have been staring!

Aside from Missy. She doesn't count. She's allowed to stare.

"Pfft! No, no I'm just fucking with you." Vicky laughs. "I couldn't resist."

"That's not funny!"

.

.

-3pm-

.

.

Dad's done with the lawn. And with his shower from yard work. He's basically a tradwife and husband. Aside from cooking, which he somehow sucks at worse than Mom does. Because apparently, aside from me, this entire family's culinary competence caps out at a plate of grilled cheese and tomato soup. Collectively.

Anyway, he's done. And sitting in his recliner relaxing after a day of chores.

So peaceful and relaxed.

"Dad!" I say as I jump over the arm of the chair and into his lap.

"Oof!" He groans. "Hey kiddo, can it wait?"

"What makes you think I want something?" I ask.

"Because you waited until I was done with literally anything that could distract me?" He offers with a raised brow.

I just stare at him while I process that information.

"I need advice." I say.

"Apologize to her." He says right away.

"What?" I ask in complete and utter bewilderment. "How do you, you didn't even hear what it was about!"

"Sorry, automatic response." He says as he readjusts himself in his seat to better hold me. "Well, you got me for two hours. What is it?"

"I think Missy is upset with me." I say.

He stares back at me for a little bit before responding.

"My earlier advice still applies." He says.

"But I'm not sorry." I say.

"Well, sometimes you gotta say it. Even when you're not." He says cooly.

"That's stupid." I say with a frown. "Anything else?"

"Waiting it out?" He offers.

"Next." I say.

"Gifts are good option so long as it's something with thought put behind it." He says. "Give her something she likes and tell her you don't want her to be upset with you."

'Fluffy Kitsu it is.' I tell myself.

"Now you see, that's good advice." I say and lean against him. "Now, I demand cuddles."

He brings his arm around and holds me against him as I nuzzle into his side.

"Now that I have you trapped." He says slowly in a dark tone.

'Oh no.' I think with dread at what's coming.

"We can talk about what happened earlier today."

'Oh thank god.' I mentally sigh in relief. 'I thought he was going to tickle me.'

"What's there to talk about?" I ask.

"How about you absolutely brutalizing a girl?" He offers up.

"Meh, she had it coming." I say with a shrug. "But if you want I can give you the details."

"Kitsu, you can't brutalize people." He says. "We literally had this whole thing with Vicky over this."

"Hey, unlike her, I can clean up my messes." I say with a huff as I cross my arms.

"Again, not the point." He says. "You can't go off losing your temper like that when someone upsets you."

"Oh I assure you, I was very calm." I say honestly. "I just couldn't have some skank going around thinking it was okay to make my Missy cry."

"Language!" He says. "And again, that's not okay."

"It turned out pretty okay." I say smugly.

"You're banned from the Rig, grounded for a month, and Missy is upset with you." He points out.

…

Fuck, he's right.

"Well when you use logic against me." I say with a frown.

"Well what am I suppose to use?" He asks with a smirk.

"Nonsense of course." I say with a roll of my eyes. "That way I can beat you with experience."

"Sure, that way- hey don't distract me!" He accuses.

'So close!'

.

.

-Tuesday 13th, Law firm, 5:09pm-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

I step into the passenger seat and set my bags down. Untying my hair band and letting myself relax after the day.

"How's work?" Mark asks.

"New case." I say as I relax. "It's high paying, but I can't talk about."

"Gotcha." He says easily.

"How's the resident troublemaker?" I ask, genuinely curious as to how she's been behaving.

"Which one?" He asks with a smirk. "The short one? Or the tall one?"

"The one who had something happen recently you sarcastic ass." I say with a glare.

"And how do you know something didn't happen with the other?" He asks after a chuckle.

"Mark, I'm not in the mood." I say with a sigh. "Between Kitsu, the ferry, work. I don't need to be worrying about anything else."

"So it's Kitsu you're asking about." He says with another smirk.

"Mm hm, hey Mark, can you pull over real quick?" I ask sweetly.

"Why?" He asks.

"Nothing too important." I continue. "I just don't want to risk a crash, so having you pull over before I kick your ass is just the responsible thing to do."

"But if you do that, who'll get you home?" He asks. "In case you forgot, I'm the one with a drivers license."

"Hmm, I suppose you're right." I concede. "I guess I'll just have to wait until we're home."

"Don't threaten me with a good time." He says with a goofy eyebrow wiggle.

"Oh? We in that kind of playful mood?" I ask with a smirk. "I suppose I have some stress I need to work off. Always wanted to try using a whip."

He knows I'm not joking. If I won our bet on the type of suit Kitsu ordered then we would've spent that motel knight with him tied to the bed.

"I'm good!" He says quickly. "You wanted to know about Kitsu? She's fine, just been a bit mopey since Missy is upset with her."

"Well, at least there's that." I say. "What about Amy and Vicky?"

"Amy got back from the hospital a bit ago." Mark says as we turn into the suburbs. "Vicky has been hanging out with Kitsu."

"Really?" I ask, more than a little surprised. And a bit suspicious.

"Yeah, don't know why, or what about."

.

.

-Meanwhile, Dallon House-

.

.

Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon POV

.

'Looking good!' I think to myself as I stare into the mirror in my room. 'But.'

"Could you move a bit to my butt?" I ask. "I don't want it to be super obvious. I want it to look natural."

"Seriously?" Kitsu asks. "We've been at this for thirty minutes already!"

"Hey, you can't rush perfection." I say. "Besides, a little more junk in the trunk might be just what I need."

"And what is that suppose to mean?" Kitsu asks.

"Just wanna make sure Dean has good handles to grip onto." I tease.

"TMI." Amy says from the bed.

She's here for when Kitsu is done. Make sure she didn't mess anything up. Because for some, unfathomable reason, she's okay with others modifying people. She just won't do it herself unless it's medical.

"I regret asking." Kitsu says flatly, her ears falling flat to the sides as her shoulders slump.

"You two need to lighten up." I say jovially. "Get out there and get laid, not you, you're too young."

"Unlike you, some people have social boundaries." Amy says.

"What she said." Kitsu adds. "Kinda, I'm cool with jokes. But I don't need to know about your preferences, activities or favorite positions. Especially with someone I have to interact with on a regular basis."

"Missionary and reverse cowgirl." I say with a grin. "Anything chest to chest really."

"What did I just say?!" Kitsu yells with a massive blush as her tail hikes straight up.

"I'm going back to my room." Amy says. "Let me know when you're done."

"Prudes." I say with a role of my eyes.

It's always fun teasing Ames, now that I know Kitsu is just as susceptible? Well, the shooting range just doubled in size.

.

.

-Back to the car-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"But as long as they're getting along." Mark finishes.

"Yeah, I suppose you're right." I say.

I still don't like it. They usually treat each other with a generally dislike. Now that I think about it. Me and Sarah were the same way before, well before we were kidnapped.

The rest of the ride was quiet until we got to the house. Stepping out, I look to Mark who looks back at me.

"You're turn." I say.

"Alright." He says without resistance.

He walks past me and to the door. I see him tense as he prepares for the inevitable.

Only it doesn't happen.

He walks in and I dread the oncoming missile. Only as I step in. It doesn't come.

"Okay, that's weird." I say out loud.

"Yeah, maybe she's asleep?" He offers.

"Maybe." I say as I head to our room. "I'm getting out of this monkey suit. You know where I'll be."

"Mind if I join?" He teases as he follows.

"You can, just don't expect anything to happen." I say as we pass her room.

Door's closed. So she's either asleep or somewhere else.

"I mean, there's a chance." He says. "And even if there isn't. I'll still get a show out of it."

It's nice to know he still finds me attractive. And I don't mean that sarcastically. I mean it literally. With his good looks that he's kept over the last decade and a half, he could do a lot better.

Physically at least. I've seen some of his fans. I'm not so insecure to not admit that he has a following of young adult girls who are more attractive than me.

Not that I think he'd ever do anything. He's always at home. Takes his meds. And when he does take his meds he needs a different pill to get it up. And that tends to make him last. To say nothing of the GPS tracker in his phone.

Don't look at me like that! We all have one in our phones. Even Kitsu got one installed. We're heroes. It's a safety thing.

Basically I have no fear of him cheating, because there'd be way too many signs. And, while I'm not proud of it, I'll admit, his dependence on me is one of the reasons I love and married him.

"Well, in that case, I don't mind putting on a little show for you." I say as we reach our room. "But nothing else mister! Don't get your hopes up."

"No promises." He says with that damnable smirk!

Fuck I love that smirk of his and the smug jackass that he is knows it!

.

.

After getting dressed and stepping out with Mark. Who's smug ass is still smiling.

He managed to get a few feels in.

"Wipe that grin off your face." I say without looking to him.

"How do you know I'm grinning?" He asks smugly.

"I can hear it." I say and turn around to catch him.

Only to see his back walk into me. Smug jackass was walking backwards.

"Whoa!" He says as he bumps into me.

"Good thing you don't drive like how you walk." I call him out.

"Yeah, well." He tries before turning around. "I got nothing."

"Oh you have a lot, of things."I say as I wrap my arms around him in a hug. "It's just that brains isn't one of those things."

"Eh, I have you for that." He says.

"And don't you ever forget it." I say with a smirk.

"Now who's the one with a smirk?" He says as he leans his forehead to mine.

"Hmm, Thursday." I say after a bit.

"Hmm?" He hums in question.

"Thursday, if she isn't at the hospital, we are sending Kitsu to Sarah's and renting a motel." I say.

"Um, yes ma'am!" He says excitedly with an awkward smile. And I imagine with how close we are I'd feel more evidence of his excitement.

Heh, thirty five years old and I still got it.

"Now if you'll excuse me." I say as we separate. "I don't smell anything cooking so Kitsu hasn't started anything. I need to start dinner. And we still haven't found her."

"She's staring at us from the end of the hall." Mark says.

I quickly turn around to see the smallest fleck of gold blonde hair, or fur. Disappear around the edge of the corner.

"She thinks she's sneaky." Mark says with a chuckle.

.

.

-7pm-

.

.

Kitsu's been, quiet all night. Not surprising given recent events. But it's still unlike her to be silent unless she's sleeping or sneaking around.

She didn't even complain about my cooking and beg for pizza.

Mark thinks she's just wary around me over what happened earlier. I'm not so sure of that, maybe Vicky has some insight into the matter. They did spend a bit of time together today according to Mark.

"Hey Vicky." I say as I knock on her open door.

"Hmm?" She hums as she looks up from her phone. Kicking her feet over to sit up. "Sure, what's up?"

"I was just wondering what you and Kitsu were up to today." I say. "You two normally don't get along."

"Oh that?" She says as she lays back down. "Just talking and hanging out. I asked what she did to get grounded and we sort of went from there."

"Yeah, about that." I say, satisfying a quick curiosity. "Do you know the girl she, broke?"

"Pfft, I wish I didn't." Vicky scoffs, but doesn't offer more.

Okay, that's telling. When Vicky doesn't like someone. She usually goes on and on when they're brought up. If she really doesn't like them? The exact opposite. She tries to avoid mentioning them.

"Is she that bad?" I ask.

"Mom, I'm genuinely surprised no one's put her through a wall before Kitsu." She says.

"What makes her so, agitating?" I ask.

It doesn't take a lot to get Vicky to dislike you. But it does take a lot to get her to hate you.

"We don't have enough time in the day." Vicky says. "But if you want to know what got Kitsu to go off on her. Missy's parents are getting a divorce and Sophi- Shadow Stalker, found out. And wouldn't stop antagonizing her, saying it's her fault and that the only reason she's dating Kitsu is because she couldn't get Dean to date her. BS like that."

"How do you know all that?" I ask. Not willing to trust gossip and rumors.

"Got it straight from the source." She says and holds up her phone. "Me and Little V text."

"Huh." Is all I can say to that. "I got sidetracked, do you know why Kitsu is avoiding me?"

"Yeah. She doesn't want to upset you so that you'll agree to Missy coming over when she wants."

"Traitor!" I hear from across the house.

It is so easy to forget that we have a living sonar situated in the middle of the house.

"Well, thanks." I say as I push off the door frame. "Before I go, have you heard anything from Dean about the PRT's side of things regarding, everything that happened this morning?"

"Nope." She says, popping the p at the end. "Dean was off today. Otherwise he'd have tried to calm Kitsu down."

"Mrm, thanks anyway." I say as leave. Getting a thumbs up from her before I go.

I make my way to Kitsu's room. Door closed. But I know for a fact she isn't asleep. Not unless she can knock herself out in less than a minute.

Thinking about that, she might actually be capable of that.

I knock on the door anyway.

"The door is booby trapped!" I hear.

"If it is then you're losing it." I say seriously.

…

"Okay it's not." She says.

I open the door to her grotto as I've come to mentally refer to it as. All it's missing is a pond or mini waterfall.

She's on her bed. Holding Mr. Star as she would her tail. With that oversized bug on her head.

"Okay, ask." I say as I cross my arms.

"Ask what?" She tries.

"I'm not playing that game." I say. "I've already done it once with Mark today."

"Mrm, can I still have Missy over?" She asks.

"So long as you promise to behave. Then yes." I say.

"Wait really?" She asks, her head perking up as the bug gets bounced onto the bed.

"Yes, now, knock it off with the hiding." I say. "It makes me feel like you're scheming something."

I'm mostly allowing it for Missy. Kid's parents are splitting up and this all happens? She doesn't deserve that.

"Deal!"

.

.

-Thursday 15th, Medhal General Hospital, 12pm-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I decided that I'll spend today with Kitsu. A day and a half of the cold shoulder is enough. She was just looking out for me. As misguided, violent, and potentially criminal as it was.

So, I'm surprising her! I have a sandwich from Subway for her and me.

So it's with that thought that I get to the door that has a paper plaque taped to it with Kitsu's name scribbled in crayon on it.

They have a badge maker and a laminator here in the hospital. Kitsu just insisted on this because she thought it was funnier this way.

I don't bother knocking. It'll ruin the surprise.

I open the door to Kitsu in front of her swivel chair. Stretching up in the best way as her chest and rear are puffed. Her arms above her head as she groans.

And that outfit! Somewhere between a sexy nurse and a cheerleader outfit. Short sleeve collared shirt and with a pencil skirt. She even has one of the head things with a cross on it.

"It's lunchtime." Kitsu says through a groan. "Come back la- Missy!"

She immediately slams into me at a blinding speed. Pressing herself to me as much as she can. Anymore and I'd be wearing her.

"And how's my snuggle bug?" I ask as I hug her back.

"You're not mad at me?" She asks, looking up to me with thoes gorgeous eyes. Her chin on my breastplate.

"Oh I was, very much so." I say sweetly. Enjoying the way her ears hold down at my words. "Kinda still am."

And she ducks her head down further. Hiding half her face against my chest as her ears splay back.

"But I can't stay mad at my little snuggle bug!" I say and squeeze her tight as her tail wags.

"Oh thank goodness." She sighs into my breastplate. "Here I thought I'd need to break out the fur to get you to talk to me."

What?

"Wait what?" I say as I look down to her.

"Oh, um. Nothing." She says with a look that screams, 'Oh shit I said that out loud.'

I should know. I've had that look on me enough times.

"No no." I say as I warp the door to close itself. "I heard you loud and clear. You said something about fur."

"Oh, um. Just that, Vicky said, I should maybe, show off my fur." She blushes. "If you kept, not talking to me."

'I was, THIS CLOSE, to fluffy Kitsu?!' I rage internally in anguish. 'Side note, get Vicky those chocolates she likes for being a bro.'

"Anyway!" Kitsu says as she disengages from me.

'No, come back!' I whine as she steps back.

"Whadya think?" She says as she twirls on one foot. Showing off her new outfit.

'I take it back, take your time.' I think as I see her in full.

"Amy owed me for cover the Case 53's, so I got a new outfit from her. I was think nurse meets office worker." Kitsu explains. "Does it make my butt look big?"

'Makes it look amazing.' I think as I stare at said bubbly roundness.

"Missy~" She says teasingly.

'If just getting slapped is the price to pay. I wouldn't mind another feel.' I think idly as I stare at the skirt clad squishiness. 'But it's not. She said no. No means no. She could've gotten a lot more upset last time. A light smack on the forehead was getting off easy.'

Still worth it.

And now she's resting her elbows on the patients bed. Back turned to me and swaying with her tail raised.

'That little minx is doing this on purpose!' I realize.

I walk over to the swivel chair and sit down. Ignoring the tease and opening my sandwich.

After my first bite. I get the desired result of a pouty Kitsu. Lips pursed and eyes furrowed as she softly glares at me.

I continue pretending to ignore her. The visor helping as it hides my eyes.

Soon enough. She marches over and plants herself in my lap. Moving the wrapper of my sandwich to the counter as she straddles me.

"Don't ignore me." She says with a pout.

I place the sandwich on the wrapper and snatch her up. Wrapping my arms around her waist tightly.

"Eep!" She squeaks as her face gains a blush.

"I wasn't ignoring you." I say with a smirk. "I was setting a trap. And I got my prey."

"Oh nuuu~" Kitsu says goofily as she quickly recovers from the shock. Putting a hand to her forehead as she feigns distress. "To think that I, the purest of maidens! Would fall victim to such a vile temptress."

It takes everything in me to not laugh at her antics.

"Oh, I'm the temptress?" I say. "I think you've got it in reverse."

"Oh? How so?" She says. "You're the one who lured me to your lap."

"You're the one whose beauty made me." I say, trying to imitate her earlier grandeur. "With a voice so silken and eyes as glistening as the sea, to say nothing of your figure and the sin it inspires."

'Oh my god!' I cringe. 'What just came out of my mouth?!'

Though, it gets Kitsu to blush. So, good job me? I'm still not doing that again.

"Rmmm." Kitsu grumbles cutely as her ears splay back and her tail curls.

"Too much?" I ask.

"Little bit." She nods, though her blush doesn't fade.

"Now that that's out the way." I say as hold her and move her in my lap to get more comfortable. "How was your day?"

"Boring, better with you here." She says as she lays her head down on my shoulder. "I'm sorry I upset you."

"You should apologize to Sophia." I say as we nuzzle.

"I said I was sorry I upset you." She says. "Not for what I did."

She did say she wouldn't lie to me. So, I suppose this is the best I'll get.

"Hmm, fine." I concede before getting a devious idea. "Hey you know how you said that I'd get to squeeze your butt after six months?"

"I said I needed six months at least before I allowed any wandering hands." She corrects. "But yes."

"And three months was a few days ago." I point out with a smile. "What do I get for that?"

"Hmm, you get dates, compliments, kisses, cuddles, petting and brushing privileges, staring privileges, which I know you've been using." She lists off.

Guilty.

"What more could you want?" She asks. "I think that's more than enough."

"You can't blame a girl for wanting more, can you?" I say teasingly.

"I can and I will." She says.

Oh, she's being serious.

"Well, you said kissing privileges right?" I ask, getting another idea.

"Yes, very much so." She says excitedly, her ears perking up as her eyes sparkle with interest. "Feel free to take liberal use of them. Use it or lose it right? I think you should use it."

She's becoming predictable.

"Hmm, I'dunno." I say, feigning ignorance.

"Well, then I will." She says and leans forward for a kiss.

Now or never.

I run my tongue across her lips. Earning a soft eep and gasp of surprise.

Better to ask forgiveness than permission, right?

She pulls back with a massive blush. Eyes wide, ears splayed back and tail twitching.

"Well?" I tease. "You said to make liberal use of my kissing privileges."

"I, I did." She stutters cutely. "Just, warn a girl next time, okay?"

"Oh you are just too cute!" I say and pull her in for a hug. "So, do I have permission?"

"We, we can try it." She says shyly. "Just this once! I promise nothing for the future!"

"Deal!" I say and go back in.

Same as before, I run my tongue softly across her lips. And she parts her slowly. Going in I satisfy my long held curiosity and feel her teeth.

Aside from her top two front and bottom four front teeth. Hers a bit sharper than mine. With the canines being longer as well. And I notice something else.

She isn't reciprocating. She's just sitting there with her mouth slightly open.

So, I pull back.

"Was, was it that bad?" I ask, fearful of the answer.

"I, think that maybe, next time we try that." Kitsu says evasively. "We shouldn't wait until after one of us eats."

…

Oh.

"Oh, r-right." I say as I struggle to hide my mortification and humiliation. "So how was your day? Anything interesting happen?"

We sit here and talk about our day. Her telling me about the various Case 53's that've come in. Me telling her that doctor patient confidentiality is a thing. Her saying she's not a doctor and that she never said any names so even then she's not in trouble.

I tell her about how Sophia has been leaving me alone. Only really ever glaring at me when we're near each other. And about how Lyra's been putting in requests for more dogs.

Overall. A good lunch break.

.

.

-Friday, July 16th, Pelham House, 3pm-

.

.

Firebreather POV

.

I touch down at the front porch of Crystal's house. She said she wanted to try something today and that her parents wouldn't be home all day.

Which of course means she's got a new kink for me to learn about.

With a sigh. I prepare myself for an awkward talk. I feel that lately, she's just using me for my body. I mean, ever since her graduation she just, can't keep her hands to herself!

I liked it better when we were actually dating. When we would spend time together doing things that didn't involve us being naked. I mean, it's partially my fault as well. I have a hard time saying no.

I mean, what straight guy wouldn't say yes to a hot blonde ready to, I'll stop. You get the picture.

So, today I'm putting my foot down. And I'm prepared for all the awkwardness this talk is going to entail.

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

In a few seconds. The door opens to reveal Neil.

Crystal's father.

"Hey kid." He says plainly. "We need to talk."

I take it back. There was an awkwardness I wasn't prepared for.

.

.

We're in the back yard. At the fire pit as it spews. Neil asked me to light it and he grabbed a cooler full of beer. And is currently on his second.

"So, Sarah asked me to give you the shovel talk." He says.

"Um, the what?" I ask.

"Basically the whole, 'Stay away from my daughter' or 'Hurt her and you'll be sorry' spiel." He explains.

"Oh." Is all I can say as he grabs another beer.

"Beer?" He offers.

"Um, I'm not sure if I'm old enough." I say.

"Kid, you're a hero, been living on your own for years, and from what I heard about you during the ferry? You're old enough." He says. "Yes or no?"

I, don't want to upset him. Is this a social thing? Will I upset him if I say no?

"Sure." I decide and take it.

If I don't like it. I'll just spit it out.

I twist the cap. Only for it to not budge.

"It's a pop cap, not a twist." He says. "Put your nail under the lip of the cap and flick up."

I do so. Putting a little more strength into it than before and watch the cap soar off with a pop.

"Um." I say awkwardly as we watch the cap fly off towards the house.

*Ting/Clack*

"I'll have Crystal get it later if I remember." He says.

We sit there for a bit. And I decide to awkwardly take a drink of the beer.

"Pfft!" I spit it out immediately. "Ah gawd! What is that?!"

It tastes like, piss and, fuck I don't know. Gasoline?!

"Pah hah haha ha!" Neil starts laughing. "Ah, I remember my first beer. Yeah, pretty much the same. Just cheap cold beer. Hell, better than my first beer. I snuck some from my dad's cooler and was so scared I hid it for a week before trying it. Let me tell you. Warm beer? It's a lot worse."

"Why do you drink it then?!" I ask as I try and get the taste out of my mouth.

"Eh, you get used to it." He says and takes another swig. "Pah, anyway. About that talk."

I freeze as I wait for it.

'Just, tough it out.' I tell myself.

"If Crystal or Sarah ask, just tell'em I threatened to test how fireproof you are or something." He says.

"Huh?" I ask numbly.

"Look, you kids aren't slick. I saw you flying out of Crystal's room during her graduation party, Sarah could hear you during the fourth of July, and just a few days ago? Yeah, we're not stupid."

'Oh god.' I think in utter humiliation.

"That being said. If Crystal is anything like her mother. Then I know for a fact that it's not you who's starting it." He says as he takes another swig.

I did not need to know that.

"Um. I mean." I try to find something to say.

"Don't." He says as he puts a hand up. "I don't need to know. I may be her dad. And as such I will always put my kids well being first. Always." He trails off before staring into the fire.

Taking another, longer swig. He continues.

"But she's an adult, what she does is her business. And I raised her well enough to trust that she can take care of herself." He finishes.

"Oh, um." I mumble.

"Just, not in the house?" Neil says. "Pinky may have moved to the Ferry station with the others, but Eric is still too young. And personally I don't want him traumatized or developing a complex."

"Complex?" I ask.

"Don't ask." He says with a shake of his head. "If you take anything away from this. It's do what you want, just do it on your own time, and at your own place."

"I live in the woods." I say.

"Ferry station's open to you." He says with a shrug. "You're a member of New Wave and the station was made for housing the recruits without living space."

"That was an option!?" I ask.

He stares at me for bit at my minor outburst.

"You're a bit of an idiot, aren't you?"

.

.

-Meanwhile, Inside the house-

.

.

Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV

.

"I don't have a problem." I say.

"Yes you do." Mom says. "Answer me this, what's the longest you've gone without sex after getting together with Fire?"

"I'm not answering that!" I say indignantly.

"Then I'm shutting off your phone." She says, keeping her calm.

"That's not fair!" I say.

"Neither is it fair for me to come home to a house that smells like sex." She accuses. "Look, just, schedule a doctors appointment, you might have nymphomania."

"I'm not a nympho!" I hiss. "What even makes you think that?!"

"You're search history and bank statements." She says. "And no, I didn't go through any of your stuff. I have access to the ISP and your bank account was tied to my name."

'Oh god.' I think in distress. 'She knows about my collections!'

"That, and you may have gotten it from me." Mom says.

Wait what?

"What?"

"Let's just put it this way." Mom says with a smirk as she rest her head on her palm. "Do it often enough and birth control pills don't mean jack all. And I was on the pill for both you and Eric."

"I didn't need to know that." I say.

"I will say, I was never as out there as you seem to be." She continues. "Seriously, you're search history and purchases raise some questions."

"I don't want to hear this!" I reiterate.

"And if you're anything like me then you chose a man who's packing." She smirks.

"Oh my god!" I say in shock. "Mom!"

I'm gonna be sick.

"Hey, Crystal?" She says.

"What?" I ask fearfully.

"Agree to go to the doctor. And I'll stop." She says.

…

"Fine."

"Perfect!" She says. "Pro tip for when you have your own kids. Embarrassment works just as well, if not better, then punishment."

Oh, my god.

I'm going to turn into my mother.

.

.

Sarah "Lady Photon" Pelham POV

.

Ah, to be young again. Back when me and Neil had the time, energy, and willingness.

Crystal hasn't even heard the worst of it. Like how when she was seven, she stumbled in on me and Neil during our Christmas night. Neil told her he thought Mrs. Clause was burglar and he was wrestling her to apprehend her.

And that's not even mentioning the number of gas stations we're banned from. We just kept telling them that Neil's super strength acts up sometimes. Didn't stop them from sending us the bill.

So many sinks and toilets broken.

Damn, now I'm horny.

"Hey Crystal." I say to the girl trying to hide behind her hands.

"Oh my god what now?" She moans.

I reach into my wallet and toss her two hundred. Much to her surprise.

"Um."

"When your dad's done talking to Firebreather. Get out of here and rent yourself a motel for the night." I say with a smile.

"I, I don't think I have it in me anymore." She says with a look of consternation.

There is so much I could say to that.

"Sweetie, we both know that's not true." I say as I stand up. "Now, go get yours while I get mine."

"Mom!"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Big sad warning

.

.

No shit, if you don't like topics of suicide, self hate, alcoholism, and whatever else. Skip.

.

.

Steve "The Mechanic" Pappagallo POV

.

I just dropped off Maureen's body at the police station. I was so drunk when I picked her up. I didn't even know she was dead.

So, After I woke up. And Joey wanted to see if she was alright. I went to check on her.

Cold, but not her cold.

And now here I am. Drinking away my troubles like I do anytime life gets tough.

"The fuck's wrong with you?" The man across from me at the table says as he sits down. "Honestly? I want to know."

"I don't know." I say back. Unwilling to look him in the eyes, but unable to look away. "I wish I knew."

"Bullshit!" He yells back. His familiar brown eyes burning into mine. "You know what your problem is?!"

"I'm pathetic?" I offer with a sad smile.

"If only!" He says back. "No, what you are is worse. You're a coward, and a hypocrite."

"How's that worse?" I ask.

"Because those can be fixed!" He yells. "But you refuse to do so."

"Well it's not like there's an easy way-" I try to say.

"Easy? You want easy? You've been doing easy!" He accuses. "All you do is work, and drink. Work and tinker to distract, drink and sleep to forget. The only way it gets any easier is if you take that gun over there, put it to your head, and end it!"

He's right. I know he's right. I've been taking the easy way out.

"Stop avoiding your problems! For once in your life!" He says. "Do something to better yourself!"

"I don't know how." I admit.

"All you have to do, is say no." He says. "That's your first step and you know it. Next time you see that bottle, just, say, no."

"If only it were that easy." I say to myself.

"Again, you want easy? Grab that gun, and pull the trigger you coward. Before you kill another broken little girl." He says.

"I never killed anyone." I say. "I've done so much to avoid that."

"And yet, all your actions do, is kill." He says. "You may not be the one swinging the hammer or holding the nail. But how many coffins have you helped seal?"

"Too many." I admit. "I've tried so hard though! I've even been sabotaging the cars I make for others! Make sure they can't-"

"Giving someone a faulty gun despite knowing they're going to shoot someone, is still giving them a gun." He points out.

"I, just don't want." I try. "I never wanted any of this."

"And yet, here we are." He says. "Back at square one. A gun in one hand, a bottle in the other."

I look down to see he's right. My dads old pistol is in my right hand, and a bottle of jack in the left. Empty bottle, full pistol.

"And you, so drunk. You're talking to your own reflection again." I say as I look up to the mirror.

Why?

"Why don't I recognize you?"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

.

Credit for Kratos's habitat goes to RadChaos897.

.

I picture Missy saying that being slapped after touching Kitsu's butt is worth it, is in the energy as Future Good Ending Missy saying that a week of soreness after three days of nonstop sex with Kitsu, is worth it.

Just a calm, smug, worth it.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

RadChaos897: Have you read the Abaddon Born(e) fanfic by Publiclee Speaking? If not then I highly recommend reading it. It was one of the first Worm fics I read and inspired some of the ideas I gave you, and it was recently completed. Fair warning though, it does get quite grim and dark in some places and deals with certain uncomfortable topics and subjects. Still a great read in my opinion.

Newb: I have not. I will say that you're the fourth person to recommend it to me.

.

FOR KITSU!

RadChaos897: If you were a Tinker, what specialty would you have or what specialty would you like to have? And do you think you could recreate the Mantis Claws from Cyberpunk 2077? Either with self-biokinesis or by bio-Tinkering up a pair of gauntlets with the Mantis Claws in them.

Kitsu: Um, I'unno. If I were a real tinker then I'd want something that imitates magic and go all mystic fox on people!

Newb: You already do that with your illusions.

Kitsu: It's not the same. As for the mantis blades? No.

Newb: I had those in one of my runs and they were so glitchy!

RadChaos897: If you had a biological sample of any creature (real or fictional) what would it be and what would you use it for? You can list as many examples of samples you would want, if you want.

Kitsu: White Claws, Xenomorphs, Viltrumites, Chimera Ants, blacklight virus, symbiotes, and EVERYTHING IN THE CANON OMNITRIX!

RadChoas897: do you know about CWD?

Kitsu: I didn't, and after a google search I wish I still didn't know about Chronic Wasting Disease.

RadChaos897: What about Alpha-Gal Syndrome? It's a food allergy for red meat. Maybe you could use it on kids who hate

Kitsu: I would never! It's permanent! Okay I would on Hookwolf or Sophia.

Newb: Kitsu mentioned using deer ticks to impose Alpha-Gal Syndrome on people in an earlier chapter.

.

.

FOR ONE TIME ONLY!

VICTORIA DALLON

Grimnosh: You love to fly a lot and being a teenage girl sometimes you can get distracted with your phone. How many times have you accidentally crashed into a building while texting and flying?

Vicky: Ugh! Why'd you have to bring that up. I haven't crashed into anything for last five months okay!

Carol: twenty seven times.

Vicky: Mom!

RadChaos897: What aspect of your power do you like the most? Flight? Super Strength? Invulnerability? Your Awe/Fear Aura? Which aspect of your power do you dislike?

Vicky: I love my flight the most. And there's nothing about my power that I dislike. I do wish my forcefield was permanent though.

RadChaos897: What was the most expensive thing you broke? I'm betting a rich boy's sports car.

Vicky: You don't need to know, it wasn't anything too bad any-

Amy: A 1.2 million dollar MRI machine at the hospital.

Vicky: Amy!

RadChaos897: If you had a nickel for every time your mom told you to control your powers, how rich would you be?

Vicky: More than two.

RadChaos897: Were there any times when Dean broke up with you or has it always been you breaking up with him? If he did break up with you, what was it over?

Vicky: I asked for a threesome. I didn't have anyone in mind! Just asked if he'd be cool with one.

Kitsu: You get all cagey over the smacking into building and breaking crap. But that's what you're okay with sharing!?

Vicky: Well, those were embarrassing! There's nothing wrong with a little experimenting.

.

.

NEXT TIME

MISSY! OPENLY ASK HER QUESTIONS!

Why did I put her on the sheet?

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.
Find me in newb's-grotto on the Discord
Link to the discord: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, macdjord, Alduinian and 136 others
Newb to the game
Jun 22, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 52 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jun 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#425
A/N Alcohol

Alt title: Hidden drawback.

.

In case it wasn't obvious. Kitsu has serious attachment issues. And so does Missy.

Kitsu clings to anything and everything she considers hers with a desperate fervor. So afraid of losing what she has that she feels a need to exercise violence to deter others from fucking it up. The hospital when the Merchants attacked, the hospital with the girl Vicky roughed up, and now Sophia.

While Missy is so starved of affection and attention that she's unwilling to do anything she thinks might upset others. So she tries to be a paragon that others look up to.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Saturday, July 17th, Dallon House, 1pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

So, there are a total of TWO people in this family who can cook.

"Well done!" Vicky calls out.

"This is a family of HEATHENS!" I shout my frustration as I smack the tongs on the grill repeatedly.

I'm the designated cooker for this little barbeque cook out. We're celebrating Neil's promotion. And as the only other person aside from said celebrator, and because I'm grounded, I was forced to be the grill master.

That and we're doing a bit of a fourth of July celebration as well. The actual fourth of July was too hectic. And a lot of the city didn't celebrate it seeing as all of the crap that happened.

So here I am, in skinny jeans, a plaid red shirt and a pink kiss the cook apron that used to be Vicky's when she was ten. And these fuckers are all paganistic heathens! Well done rib-eye?! Wherever he is, Gordon Ramsey is crying.

"You're getting medium rare!" I shout back.

"I'm trying to watch my cholesterol!" She yells back.

"Then eat a salad!" I call back.

"Um, I'll take a medium rare sirloin." Missy says softly next to me.

She's avoiding her parents. Her mom asked her who she'd rather stay with, her, or her dad. She asked this, in front of the guy. Starting an argument, and so Missy fled.

It's been four hours, and as far as I'm aware, they have yet to notice she's missing. And so she sort of invited herself.

She's in the adult Nep hoodie with her purple sunglasses and blue jeans. And her hair is wavy when out of costume. Personally I like it better wavy.

"And that's why you're my favorite." I say as I turn, lean over and pat her head. Earning an adorable blush and smile. "You get two."

"How is that fair!?" Vicky shouts.

"You're dieting! You don't get to complain!" I shout back.

I wish I was inside playing Xbox with Eric and Pinky. Or as the internet calls them, The Cotton Candy Duo. Mainly because of their blue and pink color schemes.

Oh! And the Xbox Kinect is coming out in November! I remember I loved that! Oh I can't wait!

I wanted to invite Lyra. But one, I'm grounded and don't want to push it. Two, she isn't allowed off The Rig until she can reign in her more violent tendencies. Like punching people if they run up to her while making eye contact.

Yeah, turns out that one is pretty hard wired. She's apparently punched five different employees.

Her and Missy get along at least!

Speaking of. I turn to Missy.

"What's wrong with you?" I ask as I look down to her.

"Huh?" She asks in confusion.

"Can't you read?" I say as I gesture to the apron.

And cue the blush!

"Oh, well um." She stutters with a shy smile. "Well you're just so much taller than me right now."

In other words. We're in view of several people and Missy is getting shy.

"Never stopped me." I say and lean down. Planting a smooch on her lips. "Mwah!"

I go back to my cooking of steaks and burgers.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

She is, such, a tease!

Humming in that gorgeous voice, swaying her tail, wearing those skinny jeans! News flash, curvy girls in skinny jeans. Aaaaaahh!

Though Kitsu is more slim curvy than straight up curvy. Still gives her a round, heart shaped booty that is amazing. That she is flaunting to me!

If she weren't at a grill and there weren't a bunch of people around. I'd show her!

Push her up against a wall and hold her waist. Make out as she wraps her arms around my neck. Her sweet, cute little squeaks she lets out when she's surprised. The way her wagging tail would shake us.

Just picturing it. I-

"Missy!"

"Huh!" I squeak in surprise as my sunglasses are taken off.

Kitsu is crouched slightly and staring at me with a smirk.

"I know I said I don't mind if you stare, but damn." She says. "Am I that entrancing that you can't hear me?"

"Oh, you're positively mesmerizing." I say back quietly in an attempt to regain control.

A blush and a stutter. Success!

"Yeah, well. Your steaks are done!" She says and hands me a plate. "You were too busy staring at my butt that you didn't hear me."

I take the plate and walk towards the table. Putting my sunglasses on as I suppress my blush.

I'm, honestly grateful for the distractions.

"Yeah, I was just deciding between what I wanted a bite of more." I say quietly.

I don't know what that's supposed to mean. But I saw it on a sitcom once and it got the girl all sorts of messed up over it.

*Clack*

*Thunk*

Turning around, I see she fell off the stool and dropped the tongs on the grill.

My work is done here. Having a girlfriend who can hear you when you whisper is fun!

As I sit down at the end, next to Vicky. Dean walks into the backyard. Vicky gets up and flies over to him. And I can't help but blush a little. Yeah I'm over him. But he was my first crush! I'm allowed to reminisce.

Him and Vicky share a kiss and she guides him over to where we're sitting. With her moving over so Dean can sit between us.

"Hey Mis-"

"Vista, while there are others around." I stop him.

"It's just New Wave here." He says. "And why're you wearing sunglasses? It's cloudy."

"Identity." I say.

And I'm so used to wearing something over my eyes that it feels, weird, to not have something there. Like my face is naked.

"Pfft." I laugh at a recent memory.

"What?" Dean asks.

"Just remembering when Kitsu tried to wear sunglasses." I chuckle.

"It's not funny!" She shouts from her spot at the grill.

"What, happened?" Dean asks.

"They fell right off her face." I chuckle. "No ears to hook onto."

"Discrimination!" Kitsu calls out. "Boycott big eyewear! They refuse to be inclusive!"

"She really is like this twenty four seven." Dean says with a look of surprise.

"I told you!" Vicky calls out. "If she's not hyper or putting on some show, she's asleep or plotting something."

"I don't put on a show!" Kitsu calls back indignantly. "I am the show! Neil! How you want your steak!?"

"Warm and rare!" He calls back. "If it doesn't kick me when I stab it, then it's too cooked!"

"Mah man!"

.

.

-Medhal Psychiatric Department, 2pm-

.

.

Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV

.

"You don't have to be here." I say as the nurse guides us.

"Just making sure you actually go through with this." Mom says. "Besides, this is where I leave you."

"Huh?" I ask as I step through the door.

"You're an adult now sweetie. Confidentiality." She says as she turns around. "See you in the waiting room."

"Crystal Pelham?" I hear from the desk.

Turning to the desk, I see an older, gray haired man. Sitting at the desk. A Dr. Kalile.

'Great, I get to tell my sex life to a creepy old man who's probably going to whack it to what I tell him.' I think sourly.

"Yeah, let's get this over with." I say as I sit down.

"Not here by choice?" He asks.

"Not really." I say. "My mom caught me and my boyfriend doing it in the house a few times and thought I'd need medication."

"Sarah?" He asks.

"Yeah?" I say with a raised brow.

"Hrm, well, that brings us past the first three questions. And to the rest. So, how often were you caught, and in how short a timeframe?" He asks.

"Why do you need to know that?" I ask.

It's a creepy question!

"I don't need exact details or anything, just numbers, and a time frame." He says.

That's, less, creepy and uncomfortable.

"About, three or four, in a little less than a month." I say.

"Oh, kay." He says, as he writes down on a paper. "Now, in that same timeframe, how often were you active in general?"

"Again, why?" I ask. "I have a healthy sex life, so what?"

"Sooner you answer the questions, sooner you can tell your mother you're fine and will never have to see me again." He says.

…

"Fine, about, twenty or so." I say as I look away.

I can't help it! Fire is just that good in bed! I don't even use my toys anymore because of him. I'd throw them out if they weren't so expensive.

"Hrrm." He hums. "How often do you find your mind wandering to topics of sex?"

"A normal amount I'd say." I tell him with a shrug.

"And what is a, normal, amount?" He asks.

"Anytime it's brought up or something suggestive happens." I say with a shrug. "That's normal."

"It is, but, how often does it just, pop, into your head." He asks. "No prompting."

"About, three or four times a day." I shrug.

"Okay, that's nothing out of the ordinary. Humans are very sexual creatures." He says.

"Thank you!" I say as I throw my arms up. "Tell that to my mother!"

"I can't disclose what I discuss about my patients. To, from, or with. Not without written and informed consent." He says. "Sorry, they drill that into us during monthly report."

"It's fine." I say.

"Now, can you stop these thoughts? Or do they persist." He asks.

"Never bothered to stop them." I say with a shrug.

"Alright, now, how often do you act on these thoughts?" He asks.

Fuck.

.

.

-Dallon House, 2:30pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Finally! All the burgers and hot dogs are cooked!

I thought about using my biokinesis to make Neil's steak actually kick him when he tried to cut it. But I couldn't figure out how, so I gave up.

"Alright!" I yell. "Burgers and hot dogs are done!"

"Why are you yelling!" Vicky asks from the table, twenty feet away.

I turn to her and shrug before hopping down from my stool.

"I like yelling." I say as I walk over to my girlfriend and plant myself in her lap.

I made her food first for obvious reasons.

"Um, hi?" She says as I stare at her. "Is there something on my face?"

I stare at her and smile. Before nuzzling our cheeks together.

"Just prettiness." I say as I enjoy the sound of her heart rate increasing.

"Why don't we do that?" Vicky asks Dean.

"Um, because-" He doesn't get to finish before Vicky plants herself in his lap.

"There, now. Kiss me lover boy." She says dramatically before kissing him.

I look over to them and see Dean's clearly uncomfortable face.

Wait for it.

"Hm!?" Vicky squeaks as her eyes shoot open and she pulls back with a blush.

"That's why." Dean whispers.

"Here? Now? We're in public!" Vicky hisses.

'heh heh, boner alert.' I think as I hold in a snort.

"Not like I can control it." He whispers back.

"Hey, Missy." I whisper to her. "Can you hear them?"

"I hear a lot of, spa hs shish." She says.

Hmm. So they are being quiet. I just have little sense of what quiet is from others.

"Hm." I hum as Vicky awkwardly whisper argues with Dean. "The benefits of having a girlfriend as opposed to a boyfriend." I say for her to hear.

"Okay, I get, that you can hear me. But privacy." She glares.

"Hm, nah." I say as I turn in Missy's lap. Going from sideways to chair sitting in her lap. "Hold me."

She does so. Wrapping her arms around my waist as Neil comes out of the house with Eric and Pinky. Who grab their own paper plates and fill up.

My tail is currently pressed against Missy's waist and to the side. Coming up and around so I can cover us with it.

"Mrm, I love you." I say to her.

"I love you too." She says as we nuzzle and cuddle.

"Oh my gosh, that's so sweet!" Pinky gushes from the fold out table where all the food is.

"Just don't fall asleep." Dad says as he sits down across from me and Missy. "And Vicky, save yourself the embarrassment and get off of Dean."

"Kitsu gets to sit in her dates lap!" Vicky cries out with a red face.

Now whether it's a red face due to embarrassment or indignation. Is anyone's guess.

"Yeah, because what she's doing isn't an article of clothing away from-"

"Okay!" She says and floats off of Dean and next to him. Throwing her arms on the table as she puts her head in her hands.

"I'll um. Go get us some food." Dean says as he stands up.

"Hmm, hey Dad!" I pipe up as I get a devious idea.

"Hrm, wasch up?" He asks through his food.

"If that's your concern, then couldn't Dean sit in Vicky's lap?" I ask.

"Mrm." He swallows his food. "Yeah, I don't see a problem with that." He finishes with a grin.

"There, I found you a solution." I say to the moper.

"It's not the same." She grumbles.

"What? Not a switch?" I ask with a grin.

"Pfft!" Dad spits his food out. "Where did you learn that!?"

"I hear more than I could ever want!" I say with mock excitement. "No one taught me that term. But I heard it enough."

"I'm confused." Missy says. "What's a switch supposed to be?"

"Not it!" Vicky says quickly as Dean sits down and hands her her food.

"What?" He asks. "Did I get the wrong food?"

"I'll tell you when you're older." I say and pat her on the cheek.

"You're only a week older than me." Missy counters.

.

.

-3:30pm-

.

.

I suck, at throwing things.

*Bap*

As exemplified with now. We're playing cornhole. Me and Missy are on a team. And Dad and Eric are on the other.

Dad is next to me. Eric is on the other side and just got a bean bag to the gut.

Dad and Eric are winning. Mostly because of Dad. Me and Missy are losing. Mostly because of me.

Pinky, Amy and Vicky are off to the side making bets on what I'll hit next.

"I win." Amy says.

"Next bet says Missy." Vicky says.

"Eric." Amy says.

"Mark." Pinky says.

"Can I get in on this?" Dean asks as he just came back from the bathroom.

"Sure." Vicky shrugs.

"I say one of us." He says, likely seeing my mood.

"He's hedging his bets!" I call back. "And he's right!"

"It was Vicky's idea!" Pinky shouts in her defense.

"You don't have to yell." Amy says. "She can hear you just fine if you talk normally."

"Really?" Pinky asks.

"Yes!"

*Bap*

Eric just scored a point by knocking his other bag in the hole. And I think Missy might be cheating. Warping the space in minute ways to effect the gravity and make it so that instead of throwing the bag. She's dropping it in the hole.

No I'm not just salty at having poor aim!

Dad's turn.

*Puft* Right in the hole.

*Puft* Right in the hole.

*Pap* Hit the bored, slid in the hole.

"Your turn kiddo." He smirks.

I pick up the blue bean bags. Aim, and.

*Ring*

Miss, hit the edge.

"Hmm?" Dad hums as he pulls out his phone.

Throw.

"Yellow?" Dad says into the phone.

"Hey sweetie, I'm on my way. Got off early and Alan's giving me a ride." I hear Mom's voice.

"In a car with another man." He say with false despair. "Is this the first sign?"

"If it is then you're screwed. Alan's a divorce lawyer."

I throw again!

*Paft*

Only for it to slide off!

"This game is rigged." I huff.

"I always knew it would end this way." Dad says dramatically. "I just wasn't good enough for you."

"Okay knock it off." Mom says. "Anyway, I invited him and his family over. So let Missy know to keep her sunglasses on."

Wait what?

"Alright, should I have Kitsu make more steaks?" He asks.

"Sure." Mom says nonchalantly.

"What do I look like? Your personal chef?" I say indignantly.

"Only when you're grounded!" Dad says with a smirk.

.

.

This is BULLSHIT!

I hear a car pull into the drive way as I throw the rest of the burger patties on the grill. The trick to good burgers that no one in this house seemed to know, is you season the ground beef as you make the patties. Not the patty itself as you cook it.

"Look at it this way, you're the best cook in the house." Missy offers.

"I'm the only cook in the house." I correct. "Dad can't cook anything without a microwave, Mom thinks salt is a seasoning, the best Vicky can make is a PB&J sandwich. And Amy is on the EMT diet."

"The what?" Missy asks.

"The diet of most Emergency Medical Transports. It's sixty percent caffeine, twenty five percent snacks, ten percent meat, five percent ibuprofen and ice cream." I say.

"That, doesn't sound right." Missy says.

"She's drinking a coffee as we speak." I say.

Amy may have cut her hours at the hospital. But she still has a habit of, once she's there, she's there for a while. Like, Vicky's had to call her late at night to make sure she's not passed out in the break room.

Old habits.

"Oh my gosh!" I hear the familiar voice.

No.

"You cook?" Emma says as she walks up to us.

In response. I turn, pick up Missy, who eeps and blushes adorably, and place her in between me and Emma.

"Oh come on!" Emma says as she steps around the confused Missy.

"Don't you have your own fluff now?" I ask as I finish up the burgers. "One is enough, go bug her."

"Well, yeah." Emma says. "But the more the merrier, am I right?"

"Leave me alone!" I beg. "I don't like you!"

"Come on!" She whines. "You don't even know me! We could totally just click if you give it a chance."

'I know how superficial you are.'I think to myself.

"Um, what's going on?" Missy asks.

"She's a fan who doesn't know how to take no for an answer!" I say.

"That's not true!" Emma defends.

"I will snip you!" I say as I hold out the tongs. Snapping them at her.

"Should we do something?" I hear Pinky whisper to Vicky.

"Maybe? Go get Dean, he'll know what's going on better than us." Vicky replies.

"Hold on, back it up!" Missy says as she shoves Emma back. "She said no, so go."

"Hey! This has nothing to do with you!" Emma says.

"You're harassing my girlfriend." Missy says. "So buzz off!"

'Ooh! Missy is pissy!' I think to myself as I stare at her. 'It's kinda hot.'

"Oh! You're Vista!" Emma says excitedly. "I didn't recognize you without the green. Purple really isn't your color." She says.

"Hey! She's perfect!" I pipe up as I lean over on the stool to hug her defensively.

"Okay, I think we got off on the wrong foot." Emma says.

"We got off on the wrong foot a mile ago." I say.

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"So yeah, Emma's friend Madison has been staying over with us." Zoe says. "Though from what I've seen, I'm pretty sure they're more than friends. Emma hides it well, but Maddie doesn't. Or, can't."

"I'd imagine, a Case fifty three mutation that gives away your mood? On a teenager?" I respond.

Turns out Kitsu is friends with Emma and Madison. Which is odd, Kitsu never mentioned that to me. She normally tells me everything. Except who she's pissed off. According to her, she doesn't feed trolls, and attention is what they crave most.

Her way of saying, fuck'em, leave them be.

*Ring*

"Hrm?" I intone as I take out my phone.

It's Kitsu.

"What?" I ask. "Aren't you in the back yar- what's all that yelling?" I ask

"Get this redheaded narcissist away from me before I need you to represent me in court!"

*Click*

"Oh-ho-ho." I chuckle in disbelief.

"What?" Zoe asks.

"Well, speaking of Case fifty three's, one is about to be uber grounded." I say as I set my drink down.

I make my way to the backyard. The sounds of yelling getting louder as I step onto the back porch.

"What the hell is going on!?" I ask as I move around the girls on the porch.

"Emma's coming onto Kitsu and won't take no for an answer." Amy says. "In front of Missy."

"What?" I ask as I look past them.

Dean is trying to play mediator as he's in between Emma and Missy, with Kitsu behind Missy.

"That's what I got." Vicky says. "Dean is trying to calm everyone down."

"I'm not here." Pinky says.

"Hey!" I shout. Getting all of their attention as I walk down the steps. "The hell's going on here!?"

"Stalker!/She won't leave us alone!" Kitsu and Missy say respectively.

"I'm just trying to get along!" Emma defends.

"You called my hoodie over designed and tacky!" Missy says.

"It is!" Emma defends.

"I designed it!" Kitsu says.

"Well, I'm sorry! If I knew that then-"

"You'd lie and say you love it?!" Kitsu accuses.

"Please, can we just start with lowering our voices?" Dean tries.

"Alright, Kitsu, Vista, inside." I say.

"But she-" Kitsu starts.

"Now!" I reinforce.

"Yes ma'am." Kitsu says quickly before disappearing from the stool, causing it to fall over.

Missy soon follows after, head down and tugging on her hood as she avoids my gaze.

"Mrs. Dallon, look I just-" Emma starts.

"Stop." I say as I hold a hand up. "You stay here. I'm getting your dad."

"Okay." She says simply with her head down a bit.

I turn around and walk back into the house. Going through the halls to the kitchen where all the adults are.

"What happened?" Mark asks. "You stormed off and Kitsu blitzed past with Missy following after."

"Alan, talk to your daughter." I say simply as I march past.

"Um, okay?" He says in confusion.

I walk past into the main hall towards Kitsu's room. She's there with Missy as they sit on her bed. Not saying anything.

"Missy, out." I say as I jut a finger to the door.

She hops off the bed and hurriedly rushes out of the room. And I close the door behind her. Shutting out the hallway light and causing Kitsu's eyes to glow in the dim light.

"What happened?" I demand.

"Emma showed up, I told her I wasn't interested in being her friend, she wouldn't leave me alone." Kitsu says. "Then Missy started standing up for me. And Emma said a few, insensitive things that upset us, and it escalated from there."

"I thought you and Emma were friends." I say.

"No, who said that?" Kitsu asks. Seemingly surprised and slightly appalled at the idea.

"Hrm." I hum.

'I need to have a talk with Alan.' I think sourly.

"Okay, now." I say as I walk closer and stand just before her, I lean down and speak firmly. "You ever talk to me like you did earlier on the phone again? And just hang up, you lose, everything. I mean it. This room will have nothing but a mattress and a bedframe. I will not be disrespected in my own home. Not over the phone, not through text, not in person, and certainly, not by someone who lives in it only because I allow it."

She hides behind her tail and shrinks into herself more and more as I talk. Her knees coming up and her ears folding back. The only thing visible being her glowing eyes.

"Got it?" I ask.

She nods.

"I can't hear your head moving." I say.

"Yes." She squeaks.

"Yes, what?"

"Yes ma'am." She squeaks with a quiver in her voice.

"Good." I say and come back up. "I still love you, and you're not in any more trouble."

After I say that, I turn around and walk out of the room. With Missy walking into the room after I leave.

Was I a bit harsh? Yes. But I'll not have her develop a habit of talking bad to me when she gets upset.

I make it back to the kitchen and pass the confused group of adults.

"Don't." I say as I walk past.

Making my way back to the back porch. I see Alan and Emma talking. With the girls and Dean back at the picnic table.

"Alan." I say simply.

"Carol, I was just about to speak with you. Emma, go hang out with the others while we speak." He says to the girl.

"Sure thing." She says and walks off.

I wait for her to leave, and turn back to Alan.

"Okay, what happened?" I ask.

"Just a simple misunderstanding between friends." He says. "It happens."

'Bullshit.' I think but don't say.

"Cut the crap Alan, we're not in a courtroom." I say. "What really happened?"

"Emma says it was just a misunderstanding." He says. "They're supposed to be friends and it turns out Vista got jealous of her. I mean I can see why, Emma is a very splendid young girl and-"

"Alan, you're misdirecting." I point out. "Kitsu says her and Emma aren't friends, never were."

"Kids argue, it happens." He says. "I'm sure given time Kitsu will forget about this."

'Doubtful.' I think to myself.

If Kitsu doesn't already like you, she can hold a hell of a grudge.

"Uh huh." I nod. "Now, if I ask one of the other four people who were there?"

"While I don't believe it necessary, I'm sure they'd say something similar." He says easily.

"Good." I say and turn to the table of teens. "Vicky! I need to talk to you for a second!"

"Sure!" She says and flies over. "What's up?"

"What happened?" I ask.

"Carol, you know as well as I that a-"

"Not, a courtroom, Alan." I cut him off. "Stop treating it like one. Vicky, start."

"Oh, that Emma girl came out, went straight for Kitsu, wouldn't leave her alone and got Missy involved. I had Pinky get Dean from the house to try and help and, well you saw how that worked out." She lists off as she touches down and leans on the rail.

"Thank you." I say. "You're good to go, that's all I needed."

"Sure thing." She says and flies off.

I turn back to Alan with a raised brow.

"I'm sure we can clear this up." He says with an easy, practiced, smile.

"Alan, take Emma home." I say. "That's as nice as I'm going to be about it."

"Very well." He says, knowing he lost.

.

.

-1 Hour later-

.

.

"Yeah, Emma's locked herself in her room so they won't be coming back." I say as I sip my wine.

"Shame, though to be fair. None of us knew about Emma and Kitsu not having the best relations." Mark says.

"Shame, Mark you want one?" Neil offers as he holds out a beer.

"Not right now, still too early." He says. "Alcohol and my meds don't mix well. Gotta wait till it's out my system all the way."

"Fair enough." Neil says with a shrug.

"Anyway, Kitsu's happier at least. And so is Vicky." I say. "Turns out neither of them like Emma."

"Makes sense, they're rather alike." Mark says.

"I take offense to that!" Kitsu shouts from across the house.

"Too bad!" Mark says.

"Does that ever get weird?" Neil asks with a raised brow.

"Eh, not really." Mark says with a shrug.

"All the damned time." I correct.

*Rrmm*

"Let me check that real quick." Neil says.

He pulls out his phone and checks it. Gaining raised brows as he stares at the screen.

"Everything all right?" Mark asks.

"Yeah, yeah it's good." He says as he puts his phone away. "Sarah was just letting me know what she's doing. On that note, I should probably stop with the beer. Still need to drive home."

"You're good, if nothing else I can take you home." Mark offers.

"It's alright." Neil says as he moves to the sink. "I've been trying to cut back lately anyway."

"Alright." I say.

"Ooh!" Kitsu says as she appears by Neil. "If you're done with it can I try it!?"

"You're, thirteen right?" He asks. "Sure."

"Hell no!" I say as I step forward and snatch the bottle, dumping it in the sink.

"Aw lighten up. Kid wants a little, let'r have some." He says. "I had my first beer when I was twelve."

"You snuck your first beer when you were twelve." I point out.

"And my dad gave me one when I was thirteen." He adds. "Mark, back me up here."

"Soy no hables engles." He says.

'Smart man.' I think smugly.

"It wouldn't be my first beer." Kitsu says.

"What!?" I ask as I turn to her. "Who gave you a beer!?"

"No one, I stole it a few years ago, it was either that or muddy water to drink." She says as though it's the simplest thing ever. "So, I plugged my nose, and woke up in another city twenty hours later."

"How much did you drink?" I ask.

"Um, one of those jug thingies." She says.

"Fuck, you downed a fifth?" Neil says in surprise.

"I guess?" She says with a tilt of her head. "Like I said, it was either that, or muddy street water."

I think about it for a second. And, it might be the wine. But if she can handle a fifth, she can handle a sip.

"Fine." I say and hand her my glass. "You can have a sip."

She takes a sip of my red wine. Smacking her lips as she tastes it.

"That's a lot better than the clear stuff." She says. "Sweeter too."

"Clear stuff?" I ask. "You mean vodka?"

"No, I think the bottle was called forever clear?" She says. "Or something like that."

'Everclear?!' I think to myself. 'No wonder she woke up in another city.'

Kitsu stays there for a bit as we just talk.

"Hey did we stock up on decaf?" Amy asks as she walks into the kitchen.

"Second shelf, right above the regular." Mark says.

"Thanks." Amy says as she walks past. "What's going on in here?"

"Your mother is turning Kitsu into a Wino." Mark snickers.

"Hey!" I say as I point at him. "If I was more sober I'd have something."

"Threats! Amy is witness!" He says. "Right? Amy?"

We turn to the girl. Who is just staring at us with wide eyes.

"What did you do?" She asks. "Kitsu can't have alcohol!"

"What do you mean?" I ask. "She said she's had some before."

"Yeah, she can survive it. But she has almost no tolerance!" Amy stresses. "Her biology causes alcohol to pass right through her!"

"Kitsu is this, where'd she go?" I ask as I turn around.

.

.

-Living room-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I am getting so many mixed signals!

"Like, you're just so amazing." Kitsu says as she nuzzles my cheek. "You put up with me, keep me in check, I love you so much."

"Um, I love you too." I say to the, currently, ditzy girl.

"And you make me feel wanted, you know?" She says. "The way you always seek me out, and how you always stare at me. You make me feel beautiful. I love you so much!"

"This is awesome." Vicky chuckles as she records us.

"Please stop." I beg for the sake of my sanity.

"No!" Kitsu says as she pushes me over to sit on top of me. "Never! I will never stop loving you! Unless you stop loving me. Please don't do that, I might kill someone if you did. Maybe Shadow Stalker."

"Don't do that." I say.

"Okay." She says as she lays down on me. Nuzzling her head into my chest!

And now she's giggling!

"Um, what's so funny?" I ask.

"So spiny~" She says as she pushes to sit back up. "Somebody catch me! Weee!"

*Thunk*

She falls over on her side. Off the couch and onto the floor.

"Why didn't anyone catch me?" She whines.

"Because you kinda did that out of nowhere?" Eric says from the other side of the coffee table were he and Pinky are taking turns on Peggle.

"Nowhere? Like Courage! The Cowardly Dog! Brings you the couragely dog show!" Kitsu says with a giggle.

"Kitsu, are you okay?" I ask, sitting up and turning to, well, actually sit on the couch.

"Hrm? Yeah~ just, ditzy blonde!" She says as she sits up.

That she is.

She sits crossed legged and closes her eyes. Before leaning forward, then back, and now in circles.

"Kitsu?" I ask

"Is she drunk?" Vicky asks.

"No!" She says as she opens her eyes. Looks to me, then smiles. "Hello~ NURSE!"

"What?" I ask.

She scoots over to me. And plants her arms and head in my lap! Crossing her arms under her head as she looks up to me.

'Oh god!' I think to myself. 'Is this revenge for grabbing her butt? Is she humiliating me as punishment for the cold shoulder!?'

"Hmm~" She hums with a wide smile as she starts to blush. "Hello cutie."

"Um, um hi?" I squeak as my face burns and heart thuds.

"You have sexy legs, what time do they open?" She says.

"What?!"

"Pfft!" Eric and Pinky both just, stop what they're doing. With Pinky dropping her controller.

"Blackmail." Vicky hisses with a grin.

Meanwhile, Kitsu is just laying her head in my lap. Giggling at her own joke. She calms down and stretches her arms out. Patting my thighs as I'm frozen in place and trying to make sense of the world.

"Hah, no. Sorry but I'm not that easy. I need serenading." She says as her eyes close and her ears flop to the sides. "You need to win this booty." She says with a fanged grin and a shake of said booty.

"Hey have you kids seen, found her!" Mr. Dallon says as he walks over and grabs the still giggling girl. "Come on. You're under arrest."

"Again!?" Kitsu whines. "I thought I was acquainted of my crimes."

"Acquitted, and not for the crime of underaged drinking." Mark says as he holds her. "Or public drunkenness."

"She's drunk?!" I ask in disbelief.

That explains a lot.

'Please don't let my girlfriend be an alcoholic.' I think with dread.

"On one sip of wine." Mr. Dallon says. "Turns out she's a horrible light weight."

"Red berry, you're horrible." Kitsu says with a dopey grin as she goes limp in Mr. Dallons arms as he walks away. "Alright copper, take me away! Come little children~, I'll take thee away~, to a land of enchaaaaaantment~, I don't know~, the reeeeesst of the song~, la lala la~, la laaaaaa~"

…

"So do you want the video sent to you or not?"

.

.

-Next day, Merchants warehouse, 9am-

.

.

Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane POV

.

"And due to that." I finish. "The ABB have been pushing into our territory."

Maureen is dead. But that's fine. She was becoming too high maintenance anyway. Her episodes too frequent and her addiction getting too severe. She did what I needed her to do at least.

Get Kitsu out of the way.

"Could always send me over there boss man!" Snowflame says. "I'll show them a bangin' time."

"No, you're too important to our finances." I say. "Mush is too important to maintaining our hold in boat graveyard."

Not that anyone really wants it. But it's a prime material resource for any tinker. So keeping it around for Mechanic and keeping it out of Bakuda's hands is essential.

And we can't risk busting Carnage out. With how he's singing and solving murders from years ago, murders he committed. They're keeping him under strict watch.

Guys got a scoreboard of more than two hundred. And knowing him, the maniac is taking pride in finally having his work recognized.

"So that just leaves Stevie boy!" Snowflame says.

We both look to other remaining parahuman of the Merchants.

'Gonna need to do some recruiting soon.' I think to myself. 'Still have five vials. And no way to tell who won't die from them.'

At this point I'm ready to say fuck it and throw a bunch of guys in a room and gas'em. Whoever comes out wins.

Mechanic, is staring at a bottle of jack. Untouched.

"Mechanic? Mechanic? STEVE!"

"What!?" He snaps as he looks to me.

I stare at him and take in his appearance. Brow furrowed, hands twitching. Unopened bottle of alcohol.

"Snowflame, we'll continue this later." I say as I turn to him.

"Alright, lemme know if things get hot. I'll be there to stoke the flames." He says stands up and pops open a chapstick. Only to snort from it. "Whew! Better than coffee! Right! I'll see you bitches later!"

I wait until he leaves. And turn back to the alcoholic who's gone back to staring at the bottle.

'Time for this shit again.' I tell myself.

I walk over to him and take a seat.

"What's this about Steve?" I ask.

"Why?" He asks.

"Why what?" I ask in return.

"Why, did she have to die?" He clarifies.

'Fucking hell, this is about Maureen.' I think tiredly.

"She, didn't." I say sadly. "I, I thought she'd be fine."

"We shouldn't have taken her!" He yells at me.

"And you know as well as I do that her episodes get worse the longer she goes without using her power!" I counter with a practiced shake in my voice. "I meant for her to stay in the car after she let off a bit frost. But, she just, the water and the spray, I hooked my foot on the rail and tried to get her to do the same but."

I leave off the rest. Playing the part of the shell shocked man. Speaking her name in the present tense and all.

"She shouldn't have been there Joey." Mechanic reiterates. "We should've taken her someplace else! Somewhere the heroes weren't! She had a fucking kill order!"

"I didn't know!" I shout. "I should've, but I didn't. I thought, worst case scenario, they'd capture her, and put back in protective services."

"It was all over the news, Joey." He says with a bite in his voice. "The hospital raid you dragged her away from? She killed nearly five, hundred."

"And I was busy getting her to safety!" I bite back as I stand up. "I didn't have time to watch the news, I was too busy taking care of her, reforming these goons." I say with a sweep of my arm. "Getting the local serial killer to calm down and not cause a genocide! Rescuing you! I'm sorry, I'm sorry I was fucking busy with everything! That I missed the news channel for a few days. I'm sorry! That I, I, I got her killed. I, I, I thought I could do better, make more of these people than just junkies and peddlers."

I turn to the shaded window, and my hands and face to it as I put on a show of mock despair. Popping as small capsule hidden in my hand. Thrown from the compartment in my sleeve in the sweeping motion I made earlier.

Popping it, I let the grey, barely visible wisps fly up and inhale. A parasympathetic nerve agitator. Targeted to activate the lacrimal glands.

Tear gas. In the truest form.

I feel my heart thump as a lump forms in my throat.

"Why?" He asks. "Why not just send her away to protective services?"

"Because she ran, from them." I say through choked words. "Anytime I tried, she'd freak out."

"Joey, are, are you okay?" He asks.

"I'm fine, I have to be." I say as I cry against the window blinds. "I'm the leader, I'm always fine. Just, I'm fine."

Slightly distracted voice. Hold back a sniffle.

The office is silent for a bit as the gas runs its course in my system. Tears softly falling from my face as I make it appear as though I'm trying to hide it from him.

"Did you really not know?" Mechanic asks.

"If I knew she had guilty verdict with an execution sentence." I say slowly. "I would've never even let her out of the warehouse."

We're once again in silence. As I stand here wondering how long this will take.

"Joey, how long will this go on?" He finally asks.

"I don't know." I say. "I'm just, tired of the injustice."

"What, injustice?" He asks. "From what I've seen, we're the bad guys."

"Only because we have no other choice!" I yell as I turn around. Letting him see my tear stained face.

The look of surprise tells me my play is working.

"Do you know what I'm doing?" I ask with another shake in my voice.

"Running the Merchants?" He asks.

"I'm trying to expose the corruption of the heroes!" I yell. "The Marquis was taken down because the Brockton Bay Brigade invaded his home. Glory Girl until very recent, was known to absolutely brutalize her targets. And Panacea would hide it! Shadow Stalker is a menace! And they let her roam free on a short leash. We're still getting guys coming in for bolts stuck in them! The system is rigged so hard it's bent itself over, bit its own dick off and shoved it up its own ass unconsensually and was forced to wear a smile!"

That part wasn't acting. Anyone with a working brain can see how unfair the system of power is.

"What happened?" He asks.

"I, I don't want to talk about it." I say as I take his bottle.

I need him back to how he was. Compliant. And I can't have that while he's in withdraw or at complete sobriety and calling out my bullshit.

"Hey!" He yells as he reaches for the bottle I took.

"You weren't going to drink it anyway." I say as I pop it open and take a few chugs. "Fuck, I needed that."

I'm going to need a nap after that. This better work or I'll be pissed.

I set the bottle down and head out. Intent on making my way to my private office before the alcohol hits and I do something stupid.

Drinking in front of an alcoholic with withdraw? And leaving the bottle half filled in front of them unattended?

I'm not worried.

.

.

Steve "The Mechanic" Pappagallo POV

.

'He, really is just as fucked up as me.' I realize.

"Though I suppose we're all fucked up here." I say with a sad laugh.

It's right there. Right in front of me. I don't need it, yet everything in me is saying I do.

I went a full day, that's a record for me. A day sober. Almost two.

Though, a day honestly isn't much.

It's still there.

Half way. It'd be less than what I normally down. Literally half.

Half is a start. I can wean myself. Cold turkey is killing me.

I don't need it.

"Fuck, I really needed that." I say as I finish my swig of the bottle.

Just another, it's not like-

It's empty, when did that happen?

Couldn't even make it two days. Do I even deserve to be better?

I start to cry.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

-Boston PRT HQ-

.

.

Director Kamil Armstrong

.

"Okay, tell Weld he can take a trip to Brockton." I say over the phone as I head into my office.

"Will do." Angelica says.

And in my office, I see Chief Director Costa Brown at my desk. And Director Emily Pigot across from her in one of the two seats.

"I'll, call you back." I say and hang up. "Chief Director."

"Armstrong, take a seat." She says.

'Well, here's hoping I still get my pension.' I think to myself.

I walk to my desk, and sit across from the woman.

"Are you aware you still had the bloody clothes of one Kitsu, locked away in evidence?" She asks.

"From five years ago?" I ask. "Vaguely."

"May I ask why?" Chief Director Costa Brown asks.

"She was a Slaughterhouse 9 survivor." I say honestly. "The blood in the DNA and damage to the clothes could've helped us in investigations, should it ever prove needed."

"Standard protocol." Emily says with a nod.

"Hrm, well, I've acquisitioned them a few weeks ago." She says. "And had the DNA tested. It paints an, interesting, picture."

"Why was I not informed of this?" I ask with a glare.

I never got a request. So if it went through, then I have a major breach of protocol or-

"Because, it's become rather apparent we have holes in our security. So I outsourced a rogue to sneak in and sneak out with various tasks. To each of the PRT main buildings." She says plainly. "A bit of white collar hacking, if you will. You'll find an email sent to you two tomorrow detailing all the holes in your security. But, that's not what I wanted to discuss."

'At least I still have a job.' I think with a mental sigh of relief.

"If not that, then what?" Emily asks. "I highly doubt you'd call me to a private meeting several cities over, just to inform me of an email I'm expected to receive."

'The balls on her.' I think with mild surprise and respect.

"Just that the blood on the front of her clothes, had the DNA of five different people." She says. "But, the DNA found in the blood on the back, along the claw marks, is all from one person."

"Who?" I ask, suddenly intrigued.

"Until we can get a DNA blood sample, we can't say for sure. Current theory is that it's hers from just before she developed her invulnerability. The splash patterns and saturation implies it came from whoever was wearing them." She continues. "But, the DNA on her back has mitochondrial and tracer gene matches to other known individuals in our databanks."

'Wait, that means'

"If that blood is hers, then she would be the first Case Fifty Three on file to have known relatives!" I say as I stand up. "We could find out where they come from!"

"Sit, down, Kamil." She says with a glare. "I came here to give you this."

She pulls out a file and hands it to me. Labeled class eight secret.

I open the file. It's a series of DNA tests. I've been in the labs enough to recognize that. And to recognize matching genetic markers.

"Okay, you have a possible parentage here." I say. "Subject one shares mitochondrial DNA as well as various genetic markers with subject three, so you have a definitive mother, and several genetic markers are shared between subject two and subject three, but not between subject one and two. But there are no buccal cell tests from subject three so it's indeterminate. It could be anything from father, to first cousin from what I'm seeing."

"Without a cheek swab from subject three, it's impossible to tell." She says with a nod. "But there is something you should know. Subject one has been dead since two thousand and seven. And subject two is in witness protection."

"What?"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus NSFW

.

.

Carol Dallon's kinks and preferences

Body count: 2

She is a top.

She is a dom.

She enjoys BDSM.

.

Mark Dallon's kinks and preferences

Body count: 1

He is a switch.

Doesn't mind being tied up.

Enjoys foreplay.

.

Victoria Dallon's kinks and preferences.

Body count: 1

Is a switch.

Enjoys foreplay, teasing, and edging.

Aside from that, she's just very shameless.

.

Amy Dallon's kinks and preferences

Vicky.

.

Sarah Pelham's kinks and preferences.

Body count: 8

Is a power bottom.

Likes being manhandled. Roleplay, spanking, blindfolding.

Enjoys trying on different outfits and different positions.

Size queen.

Is a diagnosed Nymphomaniac who takes medication to lower her libido.

.

Neil Pelham's kinks and preferences.

Body count: 5

Is a top.

Found out about Sarah's libido shortly after their first time. Thought he could handle it.

He was wrong.

At this point, just prefers to cuddle.

Carol initiated their one time affair.

.

Crystal Pelham's kinks and preferences.

Body count: 4

Is a switch, though prefers bottom.

Sub, though can be a Dom.

Enjoys foreplay, roleplay, being manhandled, oral (giving), gagging, asphyxiation(recently discovered), public, voyeurism, being spanked and experimenting.

Size queen, recently diagnosed nymphomaniac.

.

Dean Stansfield's kinks and preferences.

Body count: 1

Is a bottom.

Enjoys cuddling and being edged.

Is more of a giver than a taker. Never initiates.

.

Firebreather's Kink's and Preferences

Body count: 1

Switch

Is just happy someone likes him and isn't put off by his appearance.

.

.

.

.

A/N

There was supposed to be a lot more in this chapter. But I felt it'd be, rushed if I tried to fit it all in.

And I'm figuring out that the larger the document, the more errors occur when uploading.

Spaces missing, words smooshed together. Letters missing. That sort of thing. So I'm capping the documents at 10,000 words. Hard limit.

.

Poor, poor Kitsu.

Doesn't realize she won't be able to play the Xbox Kinect. Tail floof no good for sensor.

.

Oh, and Kitsu's inability to throw stuff, reflects my own.

.

Emma's not mean or malicious. She's just spoiled and sheltered. It was stated in canon that her dad kept her from facing any real consequences in life. I know this seems like bashing her, but compare this Emma to canon Emma.

Nosey, can't take a hint, Emma. Is better than, I refuse to accept reality and must feel important, Emma.

.

One of the hidden drawbacks that I didn't post before, (Because I thought it'd be funny and to avoid spoilers) is light weight. Kitsu can't handle alcohol. Which is accurate to canines and most carnivorous species as ethanol is a fruit byproduct. Animals made to eat fruits handle alcohol better than those not.

And it was mentioned in the good ending bonuses. When Kitsu drinks, she's a super light weight. And she gets clingy and affectionate. It's just a coin toss on how clingy and affectionate.

.

And again, you guys should know by now that any time Scarecrow is center frame. It's getting fucked up.

.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

Due to the number of questions needed to skip to avoid spoilers. [Conduit] has been removed.

RadChaos897: Did you know that the bracketed Shard and Entity speech is fanon? The famous Entity exchange was: "Destination. Agreement. Trajectory. Agreement." No brackets! The first time it was ever used was in the Goblin Queen fanfic by Biigoh. It's so cool how such a simple fanon change has practically spread to nearly every single Worm fanfic, even yours and mine!

Newb: I didn't even know it was a standard thing in fanfics. I just did it like that to distinguish Kitsu thinking and [Conduit] communicating.

RadChaos897: Have you played Palworld yet? I haven't, but I've watched a bunch of my favorite streamers play it (including Hololive) and I have to say that that game looks fun as hell. I've seriously thought about buying it, but I'll wait for the full game to release before buying it. What are your thoughts on it? Any favorite Pals? Is Kitsu jealous that we have Palworld and Earth Bet doesn't have it?

Newb: No, I only have a laptop and a PS4. So I can't play it. But it looks amazing!

And Kitsu doesn't have access to modern media. Only Media from her time. It's why she couldn't find any pictures of Connor Kenway for art class.

.

FOR KITSU!

RadChaos897: Since you're capable of growing neck fluff, are you able to grow other fluffy accessories such as ear fluff like Fennekin? What about a fluff dress like Delphox?

Kitsu: I could. But I won't. And no! I won't add fur to me! It's annoying!

RadChaos897: If you had a RWBY-style mechashift weapon, what would it be? Do you think you could commission one from your Tinker friends/contacts? Do you think you could make a bio-shifting weapon? That would be pretty cool. Like a plant version of Ivy Valantine's sword-whip.

Kitsu: Qrow's Sword! Shot gun scythe buster sword? Yes!

Fear the fox reaper mortals!

Casanova5424: What are some meme plants you want to biotinker?

Kitsu: It's totally not a flamethrower! Powered by methane converting moss and bacteria! Remove the igniter and it becomes a fart gun!

RadChaos897: I forget, do you have paw pads or something equivalent to them? If not, then do you think you could modify yourself to have them? Missy would be really happy if she got to squish your toe beans, or finger beans?

Kitsu: I'm not answering that.

Newb: she wears socks all the time for a reason. Toe beans!

Kitsu: I WILL MURDER YOU!

.

.

FOR ONE TIME ONLY!

MISSY!

Casanova5424: Who is your favorite DC superhero?

*Gets handed meta knowledge*

Missy: the flash.

NEXT TIME! FIREBREATHER!

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.
Find in newb's-grotto at the discord!

.

Link to the discord: discord. gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, macdjord and 135 others
Newb to the game
Jun 24, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 53 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jun 26, 2024
Add bookmark
#432
A/N The Daily Lives, of The Newest Wave

Alt title: Oh shit, Reread the first bonus of Ch. 52, then go to the very end of Ch. 17

.

You all got, really defensive over Carol being a control freak and being strict. Like she was always stated to be.

Like, that whole line, was paraphrased from something my mom and dad told me when I was fourteen. The only difference? They followed through. For four months I had nothing but a tote for my clothes and a mattress with a blanket to sleep on. Not even a bed frame.

Worst part? He made me watch as he locked all of my stuff in my closet.

I don't even remember what I did! I just remember having to rewrite the bible and I only got everything back when I was done.

…

When I write it out like that, it sounds a lot worse than how I remember.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Sunday, July 18th, New Wave Ferry Station, Residence, 10am-

.

.

Jenny Wakeman POV

.

"Yeah! This is awesome!" I say over the phone to Vicky. "Oh! And I finally found a brand of makeup that works for me!"

"No shit? That's awesome!" She says. "I'll come over later to help you out."

"Gotcha! Can't wait!" I say excitedly. "Oh! Can we stop by the mall!? I got my monthly allowance and I wanna shop!"

"Totally! I'll bring Chelsea and Ellie! And we can bring Dean along." Vicky says.

"Why Dean?" I ask. "Isn't this a girls trip?"

"We need someone to carry the bags, duh." Vicky says.

"We both have super strength." I point out.

"Well, yeah, but I still like feeling like I'm a normal girl from time to time!" Vicky defends.

Okay, that one hits too close to home.

"Oh, alright!" I say cheerfully. "See you when you get here!"

"Bet on it!"

*Click*

Hopping off my titanium frame bed and walking over to my shower. My room is on the first floor. My six hundred pound frame makes it, a bit of a hazard to have me upstairs too much. Like, I can go up there! But elevators are a no, and stairs aren't meant to take six hundred pounds stomping up and down them on a daily basis.

But that's fine! Gully is in the same boat as me. Being five hundred herself. Or, four fifty now. I swear, going to a biokinetic is the biggest cheat for weight loss.

Ironically said biokinetic is also in the, weight effected by mutation club. Yeah, Kitsu weighs a lot less than what she looks like. She looks like at least fifty, and at most seventy. But she's only like, forty five. Because her muscles are mostly empty according to her.

I head to my connected bath. Fill it up an inch with water, go to the sink and grab the vinegar and baking soda from it. Yeah, I have a special routine for cleaning. Regular water makes me develop rust spots. And those are so ick!

After a quick scrub down. I use dish soap and a grill brush to wash. Looking in the mirror as I take the electric buffer and make sure I get extra attention to my face.

"Nice and shiny!" I say with a giggle. "Now, where did I put my brush?"

I have two grill brushes. One for my body, one for my hair. Red and black respectively so I don't get them mixed up.

Oh I wish I could braid my hair, oh it would look so cute! I saw this one braid on TV that would be amazing! But, my hair is too rigid for that.

After I brush my hair, I head back to my ten by ten room. A little on the small side compared to what I had back in Tremorton. But it's enough for me! And it was made with me in mind! Even the bathroom! Everything is metal reinforced, the tub and sink look porcelain, but it's just a special plastic cover over metal appliances.

"Let's see here?" I say to myself as I go through my clothes.

I end up settling on a sky blue tank top, grey hoodie, and blue skinny jeans.

"Awesome!" I say to myself as I look in the mirror.

.

.

-Earlier, 9am-

.

.

Pinky POV

.

*Rm* *Rm* *Rm*

*Smack*

"Mhm, what is today?" I mumble to myself.

Looking at my alarm clock, and seeing nothing. I blink the sleep from eyes, still a blur.

"Urgh!" I groan.

It's gonna be one of those days.

Rolling over in my bed, I rub the sleep from my eyes and look back over to check the time.

(09:12)

(Sun 07/18)

'I have patrol with Vicky and Gully later today.' I realize.

It was going to be with Vicky, Gully, Crystal and Kitsu. But Crystal is out for medical reasons. Won't say what' but my bet is that aunt flow came early. And Kitsu's grounded.

I get out of bed, ignoring the plastic crinkles and squeaks of the mattress protector and blanket. My body will produce acids of various strength, all on its own, based solely on my mood. Even when I'm asleep. So, my bed has a Teflon coating. My mattress has a Kynar plastic, rubber protector. And so does my blanket and pillow.

Also, my bed is built on a purposefully lowered section of the floor to collect the acids that occasionally spill over when I sleep.

I sell them to the PRT. It's a little weird. But it's decent money on the side!

Only issues are that, well, I have to sleep naked, I'm still paying Crystal back for her mattress, and it's a little uncomfortable to sleep in. But you get used to it.

Better than using cardboard as a blanket.

I check the tank by my bed for any acids. Nope, empty. So I had a dreamless night.

Well, bath time!

I don't have any special hygiene needs like the others. Though I can create my own soap! Just not scented. So I buy some anyway.

I also can't get my hair under control no matter what! And I have to be careful with the horns. They're not sharp, large, or even all that pointy. Just, annoying when washing my hair.

Stepping out, I dry off and check myself in the mirror. No pimples or zits. Nice! Stepping back and turning around, I stretch and check my back for any. Nope! All good, flawless skin!

I head back to my room proper and get dressed for the day. Kitsu and Vicky sent me a bunch of recommendations for clothes. Though similar advice, Vicky's is more, flaunt it. And Kitsu's is more, this will really make your colors pop!

Basically Vicky focuses on figure when choosing clothes, while Kitsu focuses on color.

They both recommended mini jackets though. So, I'm wearing a tan mini jacket with a purple, blue, and pink tie dye shirt and dark blue jeans. And cute tan boots! I don't have a real hero costume yet. But Kitsu is trying to set me up with a tailor who can hopefully make something that'll work with my powers.

But before that, I need to check my channels metrics. I have a computer I'm paying off and I'm doing gameplay vids. I need to get a set schedule, Eric says consistency is a large part of success in the field.

Going to my computer, I log into my accounts, and pull up my metrics and emails.

Okay, got the viewer metrics. And, holy crap!

I blew up!

"Four million views in three days!?" I say in astonishment. "Seven emails for sponsorship deals!?"

Eric was right! This is lucrative! I don't even see how! Do people really like watching others play games that much?

"Um, crap, how do I deal with sponsors?" I ask out loud. "I'll just ask Eric later, he always knows."

.

.

-Earlier, 7am-

.

.

Gully POV

.

Checking myself in the mirror. I once again find myself entranced by my new appearance.

I don't love it. But I love it as compared to how I was before. I still wish I could pull off more cutesy dresses and outfits. But I suppose I'll have to settle for just being able to pull off the color pink.

Besides! I hear there are guys who love muscular women! And WWE is a thing. Though, none of the woman on there are really as muscular as me.

At least now people can tell I'm a girl!

And I no longer have joint pain! I almost couldn't believe it. I've had it for so long I just, never realized. My shoulders, neck, lower back, knees. I was so used to it that I just, never knew it was there until it wasn't. It was like I was wearing a weighted vest on all my joints, and they just disappeared.

My body feels so much freer.

And I can fully see now! The skin growth over my eye was always just in the way.

"Hrm, maybe I should go to the mall today?" I ask myself.

I need new clothes now anyway. Before I just wore overalls and a shirt. But now I can wear more! Kitsu and Vicky are good with fashion! Oh, but Kitsu is grounded. Vicky isn't.

I'll have to call her later. Set up a mall trip.

It's rather ironic that I'm so muscular now. Considering I can't exercise. My skin is too thick to sweat, so I overheat too easily. And my muscles are too dense. So I can't swim either.

Now that I think about it, that's also going to limit the clothes I can get. It wasn't an issue before. My clothes were always baggy because those were all that would fit me. Now I'll have to actively keep heat retention and breathability in mind.

Now that I'm thinking on this. I wonder what issues the others have due to their powers. Talking it over might be a good bonding experience. I know the things they need in their rooms, but that's about it.

Oh! I also became a sort of defacto leader for the others! My experience in heroing gave me that. At first everyone thought it'd be Lady Photon or Brandish. But both took a backseat, what with everything that was going on. Then we thought it'd be Kitsu, who outright laughed and refused any form of leadership. Then we thought Firebreather because he was the oldest. And we all agreed that was a no. Nothing against him. He's a great guy, good heart, just, really dumb.

Ben wanted to be leader. His reasoning being that he was arguably the most powerful out of those left, and was therefore the most qualified. No one listened to him.

So, I'm the unofficial leader of The Newest Wave as we started calling ourselves.

Not an official leadership position. But I'll take it! It's so much closer to my dream than what I got before! Just thinking about it makes me want to cry out of happiness!

I tried so hard! For so long! And I finally found somewhere that accepts me! And I know they accept me, because they haven't treated me any different from before or after my procedure.

Speaking of leadership. I need to help Firebreather move in later today. He's taking the mid sized balcony room on the third floor. He doesn't have a lot of living needs asides from needing room to stretch his wings.

I hope that doesn't conflict with anything- darn it! I need to write up a new chore sheet. And get ahold of Sarah for advice in team coordination.

Part of being a leader is knowing my teams needs. Pinky needs acid resistant materials, Jenny needs heavily reinforced furniture and special cleaning products, Kitsu needs special clothes that are tailored for her tail, hearing aides, special soaps for her tail, I assume, and prefers dim lighting. And Firebreather needs a little more room as well as a steady diet of coal. And tailored clothes for his wings.

"Well, now I wait." I say to myself as I lay down on my bed.

I wake up earlier than everyone else. So, not much to do.

…

"I should invest in a TV."

.

.

-12am-

.

.

Firebreather POV

.

"You won't need this." Gully says as she sets aside the pan I use over my fires. "Or this."

The tarp.

"Or this."

The sleeping bag.

"Or this."

The hand crank radio.

"Okay, I'm keeping that." I say and put it back in the duffle bag. "That was not easy to get. I'm not going to just toss it."

"You'll have your own radio in your room, why would you need a hand crank powered one?" She asks.

"What if there's a blackout?" I suggest.

"We have back up generators." She says.

"Well, sentimental value." I say, not willing to part with it.

It was hard to find! And I've had it for nearly a year. Aside from my jeans that's the longest I've held onto something.

She stares at me for a bit before sighing. Standing back up to her height of six and a half, ish, feet. A head above me despite being, three? Four? Years younger.

Age is a, tricky thing for case fifty threes. Heck, throw baggy clothes on Kitsu and she looks anywhere between eight and twelve. Gully looks twenty something. But insists she's around fifteen. And that's confirmed by Amy.

"Right, let's get that tour started." Gully says. "I'll show you to your room."

We walk through the visitor center. Still full of people despite the Ferry being down for repairs.

"Yeah, the shops are still open and the empty spaces being rented out to store owners. Making this a sort of tourist mall. It's annoying, but it's connected to our living space." Gully says. "Not super close. But unless we want to trudge up the fire escape we need to go through here."

Several people are pointing and taking pictures as we go to a guarded area. It's a set of double doors guarded by two security guards.

"John, Terrance." Gully says with a nod.

"Gully, this Firebreather?" One of them asks.

"You can just call me Fire." I say with a nod and put a hand out to shake.

"Nice to meet you." He says as he shakes my hand. "My name's Terrance, I'm one of the guards keeping people from bothering you guys."

"Is it that big of an issue?" I ask as we finish our handshake.

"You guys are basically local celebrities and the whole reason this place is here." The other one, John, says. "We have basic security in place until it's deemed necessary that we need to up it."

"If we're concerned about regular people, then what about villains?" I ask.

"Yeah, everyone saw how that turned out. One of the biggest attacks the merchants have pulled since they lost Skidmark, and only one death?" Terrance chuckles. "Only the newest and some of the youngest are housed here. And no one wants to piss off the veterans of New Wave."

"To say nothing of the Endstopper." John adds.

"Who?" I ask.

"Kitsu." Gully answers.

"How'd she get that name?" I ask. "I mean, I know a few of her nicknames, but not that one."

Most of them were from Vicky, relayed to me by Crystal.

"That's her most well known nickname. From when she beat back Behemoth." Gully says.

"Who?" I ask.

They all stare at me for a good while.

"What?" I ask.

"What rock did you live under?" John asks.

"A grey one in the middle of the desert." I answer.

…

"Wait, you're serious?" John asks.

"Yeah, was I, not supposed to be?" I ask back.

"Oh, um." John says sheepishly.

"We'll just unlock the door for you." Terrance says.

He goes over to a black pad on the wall and puts a badge to it.

*Clunk*

Gully walks past and opens the door for me.

"Thanks." I say with a nod as I walk past.

She follows after me and the door shuts with a beep and another click.

"So, are we stuck in here?" I ask.

"No." Gully says as she walks past to lead. "The doors are locked one way. We can leave easily. But anyone who wants in needs to be let in."

"Gotcha." I say.

She takes me around the lower floor. There are five bedrooms here, each with a connected bathroom, and a community kitchen with five fridges and a large cooler. Kept stock with basic foods and generic brands. There's a sheet to keep track of the food taken and who took what so we can keep it stocked appropriately.

"And dishes is a rotational job, doesn't matter if you eat here or not. You live here, you do chores. You can trade chores with others, so long as it gets done and you're not skimping out." Gully says. "Mark and Sarah come around every other day to check on us and see how we're doing. But other than that we're expected to be responsible."

She guides me out of the kitchen to a living room area. With a large U couch around a coffee table. All facing a mounted flat screen. A couple cabinets off to the side.

"This is the living room." She says. "We have advanced cable and we're working on getting a game system in here. We just can't decide on what."

"Neat." I say. "Though I've never been much for games."

"That's alright." Gully says.

There's a laundry room as well, next to a supply closet for janitor stuffs. If we make a mess, we clean it.

She guides me upstairs to the second floor. Which has five more rooms and not much else. Being a lot smaller than the ground floor. Most of the extra stuff is on the first floor. The rest is housing.

"I will say, each room's bathroom has a set amount of hot water." Gully says. "Enough to last twenty minutes at a time and it takes an hour to refill."

"Not a problem for me." I say. "Temperature doesn't really bother me."

"Alright, then let me show you to your room." Gully says with a smile.

Another short walk up the stairs and we're on the third floor.

"Here's your room." Gully says as she hands me a key. "Don't lose that, it's a pain to get it replaced. You have one of the larger rooms due to your wings, and you get a balcony. It's not much of one. But it lets you stretch your wings in the morning."

"Is everyone okay with me getting a bigger room?" I ask. "I don't want to upset anyone."

"We each get our rooms adjusted based on our needs." Gully says. "No one is upset your room is a little bigger. I won't speak for the others, but I live on the first floor due to my weight and the fact my power makes me uncomfortable to be away from the ground."

"Alright." I say unsurely. "Is there anything else I need to know?"

"The others are on a shopping trip, you get a hundred dollars every month to do as you please. If you break anything, up to half of that gets taken every month until it's paid off. You get a phone with unlimited minutes, text and call, but no data. Other than that? You're good." Gully lists off. "If you need me, I'll be downstairs writing you into the chore chart."

I don't even know what data or unlimited minutes mean.

"Alright, if anything comes up I'll ask." I say.

Gully gives a nod and heads back for the stairs as I head to my new room.

I unlock the door and head inside. It's rather spacious, but that could be because it's mostly empty. Just a dresser, a bed, a trunk at the end of the bed, a desk and that's it aside from the door to the bathroom and the sliding glass door to the small balcony.

I walk over to the bed, set the duffle bag on the floor and lay down.

You know, until I started dating Crystal I never slept in a bed. And now?

It feels weird to be in one with my pants on.

.

.

-The Mall, 12:30-

.

.

Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon POV

.

"They'll be here, I swear okay." I say to Chelsea who's getting impatient.

"I just don't see what's taking so long, can't one of them fly?" She asks.

"Yeah, but Pinky can't." I say.

"So can't she carry her?" Chelsea persists.

"Oh my god Chelse." Ellie says. "Cool it already."

I pull out my phone and text Pinky.

(Hey you good?)-V

…

(Bus)-P

'Oh, that makes sense.' I think to myself.

(They won't take us.)-P

"The fuck!?" I shout.

"What!?" Chelsea asks as she flinches.

"Vicky chill! I don't want to be banned from the mall as well!" Ellie says.

"Hang on." I say as I call Pinky.

…

"Yeah?" Pinky asks, sounding stressed.

"What's going on?" I ask.

"The bus won't accept us!" Pinky says. "They're accusing us of being with someone called Faultline!"

Of course.

'Do people not watch the fucking news?!' I think to myself.

"Which bus stop are you at?" I ask with barely restrained anger.

"Um, the station with the red roof." She says.

"Pinky." I moan. "They all have red roofs. Look for the number somewhere at the station, it should be on an old timey clock pole."

"A what?" She asks.

"Old, looks like a street light, but instead of a light they threw a cube with clock faces on it." I clarify.

"Um, I'm not, oh! There it is. Forty three." She says. "How did I miss that?"

"Alright, give me a second." I say as I hang up.

I call dad.

.

.

-1:40pm-

.

.

*Thunk*

"Thanks Mr. Dallon!" Pinky says with a wave.

"You girls have fun!" Dad says. "But not too much fun! Don't get a record now!"

"Dad! Stop embarrassing me!" I say to the man.

"I'm your father, it's my job!" He says as he drives off.

"He seems nice." Pinky says with a smile.

"Yeah, just wait till you live with him." I say with a roll of my eyes.

Don't get me wrong, he's better than he was. It just seemed that not long after I got powers, he shut down even worse than before. And he only got better when Kitsu showed up.

…

That one line, pissed me off inside.

…

Ignoring that!

"So where's Jenny?" I ask.

"She's flying over." Pinky says. "She uh, couldn't fit in the car."

"How?" I ask. "She's the same height as Firebreather."

"Height? Yes." She says before whispering slightly. "Weight, on the other hand."

'Oh, right.' I remember. 'She's like, six hundred pounds.'

"Hey Vicks?" Ellie taps me on the shoulder. "Can I talk to you? Over here?"

"Um, sure." I say as I turn to her and follow her a few feet away. "What's up?"

"What's up? How about the fact your bringing along the next top pornstar!" She whisper hisses.

"The fuck?" I ask. "Ellie, the hell do you mean?"

"You know what I mean!" She says with a glare. "How old is she? Fourteen? Fifteen? She's got the figure of a playboy centerfold!"

"Wow Ellie, didn't know you swung that way." I say with a teasing grin, though I already know what this is about.

"You know that's not it!" She hisses. "There is no way in hell those are natural, you said Amy doesn't do cosmetics and now I see this!?"

Ellie is super insecure over her looks. She's sixteen, and is still a rail thin A-cup. Hell, if you put her in a hat and a hoodie, she'd look like a guy. Doesn't help that her older sister is a swimsuit model and her younger wins beauty pageants.

She's also the go to example Amy uses for people requesting bigger boobs.

Personally, I just think she's in the closet and doesn't want to admit it.

"Hate to break it to ya Ells, she's all natural." I say.

"Bullshit." Ellie says.

"Nope, five foot two, D-cup, stretch jeans." I tease.

Ellie glares at me some more before stomping off towards the bathroom.

Maybe I shouldn't have invited Ellie. She's a great girl, but, I really should've seen that coming.

A small part of me says that maybe Kitsu was right about my friends being superficial gossips.

As I think on that. I hear the sound of Jenny touching down behind me. Not something that's easy to ignore. She literally develops rocket feet.

She touches down and greets Pinky as she hops around, putting her socks and shoes back on.

"Hey, sorry I wasn't here sooner, there was a flock of birds I had to fly around." Jenny says. "Where's your other friend and Dean? I thought there was supposed to be more of us."

"Dean got stuck at home. His dad is making him review corporate stuffs." I explain. "And Ellie is just going to the bathroom."

Cooling off.

"Oh, well it shouldn't be a problem." Jenny says. "Oh I can't wait! This is my first shopping trip ever!"

"Wait, seriously?" Chelsea says before turning to me and grabbing my shoulders. "Vicky, this needs to be perfect!"

"Yeah, I know." I say as I roll my eyes. "It's why I asked you and Ellie here, and not Adeline or Beatrice."

"You are a smart woman." Chelsea nods.

Ellie is from a family of models and fashion designers. And Chelsea is just big into fashion.

"Oh I can't wait!" Jenny says.

.

.

-Pelham House, 2:20pm-

.

.

Eric "Shielder" Pelham POV

.

Where is it?

"Mom!" I call out.

"What?" She says from downstairs.

"Did you go through my room?!" I ask.

"What?!" She shouts.

"Did You Go Through My Room!?" I yell back.

"Come down here!" She yells.

I get up with a sigh and head to the kitchen where mom is looking through the mail.

"Did you go through my room?" I ask.

"No, you know I haven't gone through there since you turned twelve." She says, not looking up. "Why?"

"I can't find my Call of Duty Modern Warfare Two game." I explain.

"Didn't you take a bunch of games to Carol's?" She says. "Maybe you left it there."

"Damn it." I exclaim.

"Language, don't make me get the swear jar again." She says.

"Sorry."

.

.

-Meanwhile, Dallon House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Would you really beat up a little girl?" I say into the mic.

"Bitch I'll use you as a magic eraser to mop up your own blood!" The angry gamer says over the TV.

'Holy shit that was good!' I think as I hold in a laugh.

"Bet this cunt's using a voice changer." Another says. "Probably some fatass in his mothers basement."

"Probably can't even count to the color purple." Another says. "This game's probably all he's got in life besides jacking it to furry porn."

"Aww, you all sad a little girl is better than you?" I tease.

"Get a life pussy!" Someone else says.

"What the heck am I hearing?" Dad asks as he walks into the living room.

"Who the fuck is this *****?" another guy says as the map is queued.

"Whoa!" I say. "No slurs!"

"Eat a dick!" He says as the game starts.

"The hell?" Dad asks from behind me.

"I'm playing Call of Duty!" I say with a smile.

"Well at least they're on our team this time." Someone says.

"Hey kid, I will LITERALLY pay you not to use the nuke." Another guy says.

"I'll wait a minute after I get it." I say smugly.

"Better than last round at least." Another says.

"Kid, we need to play zombies on Black Ops sometime." Another guy says.

"Dad can we get Black Ops?" I ask the horrified, wide eyed man on the couch.

"Um, sure, I'll a, need to talk to your mother first." He says.

"My dad says he'll talk to my mom about it!" I say excitedly.

"Wait, you're actually a squeaker?" The guy offering zombies asks.

"Yep!" I say cheerfully.

The game starts in terminal and I head out with my Ak-47 and secondary shotgun.

.

.

-2 minutes and 40 seconds later-

.

.

"Tactical Nuke!" The game sounds.

"Really!?"

"Fuck!"

"Come on!"

"Hacks!"

I watch in satisfaction as the game ends in my victory. Forty three kills. three deaths.

"Burn in the fires of purgatory!" I say as I laugh maniacally. "Fear my fluffy wrath!"

I'm totally cheating. I'm enhancing my perspective and giving myself slow time to head shot people when they enter my view. And every few seconds I spin in a circle to check all around me so that I don't get flanked.

But is it really cheating if I'm just using my own given abilities?

"Should I be concerned?" Dad asks.

"Always." I say with a laugh.

.

.

-The Mall, 3pm-

.

.

Jenny Wakeman POV

.

"But it's soooo cute!" I whine as I hold the blue floral sundress.

"You only have a hundred bucks, and with the skirt and top you got, all you have is fifty." Vicky says. "You need to save up."

"How was I supposed to know good clothes were so expensive?" I ask.

"I'm with her on this one." Pinky backs me up. "I only brought a hundred as well. I didn't think jeans were nearly twenty a piece after tax."

"Wait, you had more than a hundred?" I ask as I look down to her. "How?"

"I sell my acid to the PRT." She shrugs. "The lab guys love it."

"Isn't that a little weird?" Ellie asks. "Like you're selling your sweat or something?"

"I mean, a little yeah." Pinky says as she gains a bit of purple dusting on her face. "But when your sweat can go for fifteen bucks a gallon? I try not to think about it too much."

"Uegh, I wish I could just sweat money." Chelsea says.

"Trust me, no you don't." Pinky says.

"Guys, there's a cheaper shop on the second floor." Vicky says. "We can check that out."

This is not turning out how I hoped.

"Yeah, that sounds fine." I say as we head out.

We put the stuff we were trying out back on the racks. And head out.

*Bweeyouyouyou* the alarm sounds as I step through the door.

"Again!?" I whine as a guard comes up to me.

Turns out I'm a walking security trigger. Every store I walk into and out of. Has their detector go off.

After a quick explanation and search, for the fourth time today. We're allowed to leave.

We all step onto the escalator in-

*Krrcchhh*

The moment I step foot onto the escalator. It stops with a loud clack.

"Haaaaaa!" I groan in frustration as I walk off the step. "I'll just take the stairs."

"Sorry Jenny!" Ellie calls.

"I can carry you up if you want." Vicky offers.

"It's fine!" I say as I trudge my way to the stairs.

"Freakin, janky, worthless, weight discriminate machines." I grumble as I walk up the stairs. Earning several stares and murmurs from the people around me.

.

.

-The Towers, Anders Condo, 3pm-

.

.

Max "Kaiser" Anders POV

.

"You will not speak to me like that!" I yell at my oldest.

"I'll speak however I fucking want!" Ed yells back.

"I am your father!" I reinforce. "You will not-"

"You're my sperm donor." He says. "Far as I'm concerned any fucker with a dick can get drunk and pop out a kid."

"I, raised you." I say as I feel my temper rising. "You will respect me!"

"I ain't gonna respect a fucking nazi who, on top of using racism to control others." He says as he leans over on my desk. "Is a complete and utter hypocrite! You don't even believe your own principles! You're not misguided, you're pathetic."

I rear my hand up and backhand the ingrate. Knocking him over onto his amputated stump.

"I raise you, feed you, teach you, put clothes on your back." I say as I circle around my desk to him. "You gain powers, and I invite you into the upper echelon of my empire. And this is how you choose to refer to me!?"

"It's not even your empire." He says as he gets to his knees and spits a bit of blood out onto the floor. "You just inherited it because daddy didn't have another heir."

I reach down and grab him by his collar, hoisting him up to eye level and looking him in the eye.

"You will obey me." I say. "Or I'll-"

"You'll what?" He challenges. "You'll kill me? You'll take my other arm? Please, you have nothing, just a throne of rust and nothing to show for it."

"It's still more than you boy." I sneer.

"For how much longer?" He asks. "What are you gonna do when the local fox gets bored again, and comes to dig the rest of the rats out of its burrow."

I take a deep breath. And drop him. Letting him fall to his feet as I walk to look out the window of my in home office.

"Get out, and send Theodore in." I say as I watch him in the reflection.

"Oh, gonna give him the same sales pitch?" Edward challenges. "News flash, we all feel the same. I'm just the loudest."

'On that, we can agree.' I think stressfully.

"Do as your told, Edward." I stress.

"I thought we had an understanding." He says. "I don't listen to you."

"If I need to exercise force, I will." I say as I turn to him. "Don't, make me repeat myself."

"What, you going to mutilate me like Hookwolf does to his, unruly subordinates?" He says mockingly before speaking in a dead serious tone. "Do it. Take my other arm, take a leg, an eye. Just know you'll need to take my tongue right after."

He flips me off with his one arm as he leaves. Passing through the door and closing it.

With a sigh I return to my seat.

'Is this the dreaded teenage rebellion?' I ask myself. 'Why can't he see? I thought I raised him better. Power is about control, and if there's an easy method to control you should seize it.'

"He'll come around." I reassure myself. "It'll just take time."

.

.

Edward Anders POV

.

'Fucking pansy ass bitch.' I think bitterly as I hold my cheek. 'Lashes out any time he doesn't get what he wants.'

"Typical." I mutter.

"Ed!" Theo says as he rounds the corner and runs up to me. "What, what happened? Did, did father-"

"Don't call that man father." I say with utter hatred. "He's far worse than we thought."

"What, what do you mean?" He asks.

"Oh you'll see." I say. "He wants to see you next. Heads up, you see how I left. Try not to back sass him. If you do, well, be loud. I'll come running."

I go to pat him on the shoulder, only to get a surge of pain in my hand. The hand that isn't there.

"Argh!" I exclaim as I grab my stump of a shoulder out of reflex.

"Ed!" Theo calls in worry.

"I'm fine!" I say reassuringly. "Just, phantom pains. Nothing serious."

"Oh, okay." He says with a sad look.

Theo and Al blame themselves for what happened to me. No matter what I say, they won't stop.

"You dumbass, stop worrying, that's my job." I say with a smile. "Don't take it from me."

"You're only older by a minute and a half Ed." Theo says. "You-"

"Theodore!"

"I think you should go before the old man needs to change his tampon." I say with a grin.

"That's not funny." Theo says as he walks past.

"You just have a shit sense of humor!" I call back to him.

He disappears around the corner. And I'm left to think on what I just learned.

This whole time. We thought he was so absent because he was putting business before family. Or going out to party. Sex, drugs, rock and roll and all that.

No, turns out the shit wad is leading the single biggest shit stain on the city. He's the god damned leader of the Empire 88!

But more than that, he expects us to join now that we have powers!

I'm not an idiot. I was intentionally pissing him off. Getting him angry, hell if he cut something off that'd be perfect.

Because he still doesn't know about the camera I hid in there to get dirt on him.

If there's a fewthings that bastard ever actually taught me. It's that power equals control. And to gain control, you need to be smart. And letting someone have control over you, is giving them power.

"Have fun while you can, you sack of money and divorce papers." I say as I head to my room. "Cause I'm gonna take away all of your power."

.

.

-Monday, July 19th, Dallon House 8:30am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Does anyone here want the rest of the chocolate chips?" I ask the empty room.

I'm the only one up this early. And I made pancakes, forgetting that fact.

"No?" I ask. "More for me!"

And so, I sit here and gorge myself on chocolate.

.

.

-1 hour later-

.

.

"What have we learned?" Dad asks.

"Chocolate is a sometimes food." I groan on the floor.

"No, well, yes. Don't eat an entire one pound bag of chocolate chips." He says.

"But they were so good!" I whine.

"Do you feel good?" He asks.

"No." I groan.

*Zzrt*

Something smells, familiar. Slight ozone. And coupled with the soft sound of crackling electricity.

*Ring*

*Ring*

*Ring*

*Ring*

*Ring*

Suddenly, all five of the cell phones in the house go off at once.

"What the hell?" Dad asks as he pulls out his phone.

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock* someone knocks on the door.

"Crap, Kitsu stay here." He says.

The lights flicker as he says that. And my fur stands on end. Adrenaline pushing my nausea to the side as for the first time in a while, I get an ominous feeling.

"Dad, don't go answer the door when-"

"Yeah I got that when the lights started doing a horror stint." He says.

"Kitsu!" I hear Mom call. "What did you do!?"

"Aaaand the lights flicking woke up your mother." Dad sighs as he finally answers his phone. "Hello?"

"Be advised, Static Shock has gone AWOL and is believed to be headed towards the Dallon residence." The robotic voice of the hero app Wade made says.

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

I answer my phone as well.

"Be advised, Static Shock has gone AWOL and is believed to be headed towards the Dallon residence." My phone says.

*Ring* It goes off again. Only this time the caller ID says it's Missy, well, it says My Baby. But it's Missy.

"Hello?" I answer.

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock* *Knock* *Knock* the knocking is getting more intense.

"Kitsu! Permafrost turned up dead at Brockton Bay Precinct and Vergil thinks you have something to do with it." Missy says. "He overheard Armsmaster talking to Miss Militia about it, misheard a few things and stormed off!"

Shit.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

Drunk Kitsu cont.

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

"La~ lala~ la laaaaaa la~" Kitsu giggles.

"You know that'd be a good song if you actually remembered the words." I say.

"I am good. Yes." She giggles. "It's how I got a fun dad, a mean mom, a cute girlfriend, an annoying Vicky, a fun PanPan, a cute girlfriend, a fun dad." She says as we get to her room. "Wait, why is everything greyer?"

"It's darker because we're in your room." I say.

"Oh, color no good in dark. Except flowers. Flowers glowing, gleaming night." She says. "Hey, wanna know something?"

"Sure." I say as I set her down on her bed. Intent to keep an eye on her.

Can't have the resident Endstopper loose and drunk.

"You know, I know where Case Fufty Dree's go from." She says with a grin that is both somehow dopey and devious. "But I can't say. It's a secret!"

"Of course it is." I say as I roll my eyes. "Anything else the great loremaster has to say?"

"You're handsome." She says with a giggle. "You deserve a hug." She says as she sits up and opens her arms.

"Okay." I say with a laugh as I lean down for her to hug me.

"Rmm, biiiig squeeze." She says as she squeezes me.

"Alright kiddo." I say as I pat her back and let go. "Try and sleep, okay?"

"Nooo!" She whines. "I want more loving! Gimme love! Stay!"

She reaches forward and grabs my arm and pulls me down.

"Woah!" I exclaim in surprise as I fall to the bed.

"Mine." She says as she cuddles the side of my head. Pushing my ear to her chest as she hold me there. "My daddy. You're mine. No one else can have you."

"I already belong to your to your mother." I say with a chuckle.

"No! Mine!" She says, before she starts rubbing my cheeks and giggling.

"What's so funny?" I ask.

"Smooth, scratchy!" She says as she rubs my stubble. "Smooth, scratchy! Like one way sand paper!"

"Gee, thanks." I say with a roll of my eyes.

"You're welcome!" She says. "I love you."

"Love you too kiddo." I say with a chuckle.

"Sweetie?" I ask as her tail curls around my face and she starts nibbling on my hair.

She's asleep.

Damnit.

.

.

Bonus 2

.

.

Francis "Trickster" Krouse POV

.

"And with that, I believe I'll be letting you go." Accord says. "It's a shame, but I can't condone the behavior of such, unruly and chaotic factors."

'OCD addled piece of shit.' I mentally sneer.

The fucker's pissy because Noelle had an episode during our meeting a week ago. Now he's letting us go because we won't allow him to get rid of Noelle, or, terminate the unruly element, as he said.

"Unfortunate, I do wish things could've turned out better." I say with a practiced bow. "But, not all endeavors are destined to be fruitful ones. I nonetheless wish you success in your future ones."

'Choke on a dick.'

"You may leave." He says.

I do so without another word. Keeping my posture and cadence as I leave the building. The moment I'm out of sight and head to the tunnel base. I pull out a pack and light up.

"Fuckin, over controlling, dick wizard, fuck nuggit." I mumble as I flick the lighter.

Taking a deep breath. I calm down as the smoke fills my lungs.

"Haaaaa, damn, the guys aren't gonna be happy." I mutter as rats scurry out of the way.

Making my way down, past several memorized turns. I find my way to the boarded off subway station, accessible by a closed off maintenance tunnel. Used to be full of homeless people. Then Noelle had an episode. Now? Well, waste not want not. And we needed the space.

We weren't happy about it. But we all abandoned our morals ages ago. They're a luxury we simply can't afford.

"Hey guys, your glorious leader in acting is back!" I say as I step back into my dickhead persona.

It's the only thing I know to keep everyone together. Give them a common enemy.

"Yay." Luke says disinterestedly as he roasts a hot dog over a bonfire.

"Oh come now, is that any way to greet your leader?" I ask.

"You aren't our leader." He says with a glare.

"My actions, uh say otherwise Lucas." I say with a smirk and a slight bow.

Lucas isn't his name. And he hates it when called that.

"Fuck off." He flips me off.

"Hm, a decent suggestion. Perhaps I will, where are the others?" I ask.

"With Noelle." He says as he juts a thumb behind him. Gesturing to the area that once would've been the waiting station.

"All of them?" I ask.

'That's, unusual.' I think to myself.

Tensions are high. I'm not stupid, I see the writing on the walls. We have two goals, help Noelle, and get home. And I have no delusions that at this point, half of the team would abandon the first for a chance at the second. Should it come down to it.

"May I ask as to what the occasion may be?" I ask.

"Fuck if I know." He shrugs. "Oliver saw something on the news that got him and everyone else excited. I wasn't paying attention. Oh, and we need more bread."

"As helpful as ever I see." I say as walk past him.

"I'd shove this stick up your ass if I thought it'd fit next to the one you've already got up there." Luke says.

"Always a poet, you ever so have such a way with words." I say as I leave him to guard.

Making my way through the station to the open area. I hear the others excited chittering. And it has me nervous.

Turning a corner, I see them all on their phones with Jess on her laptop.

Noelle has grown larger. Her lower half is the size of a small car now. And I fear she'll keep getting bigger. Until there's nothing we can do.

"Hello my good friends!" I say with a wave. "What's got everyone in a-"

"Look at this!" Oliver says as he runs over with his phone.

Giving him a raised brow. I nonetheless take his phone and scroll through the page.

'Blah blah, Medhal, blah blah, Endstopper, blah, Ferry, blah blah, fixing Case fifty threes, blah bla-' My mind grinds to a halt as I find what has everyone so rabid.

It has an immediate effect on me as well. My heart racing, tears ready to spill in sheer excitement. A smile, a genuine one, creeps its way to my face.

It's something so insane, so rare. Something we lost long ago and I thought we'd never truly find again.

Hope.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

Seriously, reread the first bonus of Ch. 52, then go to the very end of Ch. 17

If you still don't get it, here's another clue, subject one, the mother, died in 2007.

Go to the timeline on the Worm Wiki, and take a look at 2007

.

So, everyone with an active shard, has a conflict drive unique to them. And it effects how they act.

Whether it be a need to exert a sense of control over others- Carol

Recklessness and rash behavior- Vicky and Crystal

Picking fights without a second thought- Sophia

Tendency towards violence as a means of dealing with problems- Kenta

Manipulating others for a goal- Scarecrow

Or the inability to relate to other people- Collin and Lyra

A conflict drive doesn't make someone violent or aggressive, or even more active. It just turns their behavior towards more, conflict causing actions.

If Kitsu had a conflict drive. Carol's talk, would've started a fight. And yes, Carol did intend to be harsh, but her conflict drive acted up and turned it from a 6 to an 8.

Her saying that the only thing in the room would be a bedframe and a mattress, was saying she'd take away everything and leave her with a bedframe and mattress in her room. Not saying she'd kick her out.

Not to say she wasn't going too hard in the first place. But if the conflict drive wasn't there, she would've stopped at "I will not be disrespected in my own home little lady." Rather than continue to say Kitsu is only there because she allows it. Implying she would kick her out.

She wouldn't. Not unless given a very good reason. Morals and ethics aside. Kitsu is too good for the movement. Yeah, all the paperwork and nuances are done by Sarah, Carol and Tony. But Kitsu is the one who put gas back in the car so that they can drive.

.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

.

FOR KITSU!

DancingLeaf: Do you have a list of "In case things go FUBAR" set of powers you normally wouldn't consider?

Kitsu: Yes.

Let me put it this way, ever seen MHA? You remember the scene of Overhaul merging himself with another to gain their powers?

I'll leave it at that.

.

.

FOR ONE TIME ONLY!

FIREBREATHER!

RadChaos897: What's your earliest memory since becoming a Case 53? What were the first things you did and what was your impression of Earth Bet.

Firebreather: I woke up in the middle of the desert. Confused, dazed, scared. I remember it so vividly. I wandered around for days in that barren wasteland. When I finally found people, I was, happy, I found help, I was starving.

They pulled out a shotgun and fired at me. I shouted in surprise and melted their trailer by accident and they called me a Firebreather.

Not the best first impression.

RadChaos897: How did you come to learn that you could eat coal? Did you fly past a train and smell the coal from the coal cart?

Firebreather: days after that first encounter, I was starving. More hungry than before, I was swallowing my spit every few seconds just to get the illusion of having something in my stomach.

When I came across an abandoned camp site, I dug through the coals of what was the campfire. I found a burnt hot dog, and I lost myself as I devoured it. When I finally took a second to notice what I was doing. I had already eaten half the coals in the fire pit.

RadChaos897: How hot can your fire burn?

Firebreather: Um, I can make it turn white. I don't know what, measurement that is, but it hurts my throat to do it. Dries it out real bad.

RadChaos897: Since you're immune or at least highly resistant to fire and heat, does that mean you could say: handle red-hot metal and molten glass?

Firebreather: Um, damn, why hadn't I thought of that?

NEXT TIME! ERIC!

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.
Find in newb's-grotto at the discord where I hold votes towards my stories!

.

Link to the discord: discord. gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, Finsdale and 130 others
Newb to the game
Jun 26, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 54 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jun 28, 2024
Add bookmark
#442
A/N Time bomb

Alt title: Someone's in TROOOOUUBLE!

.

For those who haven't pieced it together. I'll put it at the end.

.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Monday, July 19th, Dallon House 9:45am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock* *Knock* *Knock* *Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

You know, if the lights had kept flickering. Vergil would've pulled off major horror movie villain vibes.

"Um, who's answering that?" I ask.

Unlike ninety percent of, everyone. Vergil has the capacity to put me down. And, I kinda don't want to hurt him if I don't have to.

I still haven't gotten that autograph!

"You?" Dad suggests.

I glare up at the man standing over me.

I should probably get up.

"Really?" I ask as I get to my feet. "Sending the little girl to deal with an A-class literally banging on the door?"

"You're the indestructible one!" He counters.

As we debate the logic and morals of sending an indestructible child to confront the, possibly, unstable cape. As opposed to the very destructible fully grown adult.

Mom stomps past us in her jammies, a pissed expression on her face. I'm talking red, cave man brow furrowed glare. Physically shoving a chair out of the way.

"Daddy I'm scared." I say as I hide behind him.

"Just don't draw attention to yourself." He says quietly as he crouches down to hug me. "And try to make yourself as unseen as possible."

I turn invisible.

"Okay that's just cheating." He says.

"What!?" Mom yells as she opens the door.

"Where's Kitsu?" I hear Vergil ask.

…

"You have five seconds to go home before I put the fear of god in you." Mom says calmly.

"I just, want to talk." Vergil says.

"Three seconds." Mom says.

"What are you going to do?" He asks. "Fight me?!"

"In court. You are officially trespassing." Mom says. "You'll be hearing from my firm by tomorrow. Static Shock." Mom says before she closes the door.

"I, did not see that coming." I say as I turn visible again.

"What?" Dad asks.

"Mom just threaten lawsuit to get Vergil to leave." I answer.

"She is a lawyer." Dad says as he stands back up. Taking me with him.

Weeee!

Soon enough, Mom comes stomping back through the kitchen.

"Clean up your mess." Mom says as she passes.

…

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock* Vergil starts again.

"One of you deal with that before I do!" Mom shouts.

"Not it!" I shout.

"Now!"

"Yes Ma'am!" Dad says as he hurries through the house, still holding me on his hip.

"Hey hey wait!" I shout. "What are you doing!? Let me down!"

"Nope, we're facing this together." Dad says.

"As my part time sidekick I demand you let me down!" I say as I point to him.

I'm not willing to use super strength on him. It's a basic matter of principles!

"Unfortunately for you, I'm off the clock." He says as we reach the door.

"You will-! Oh hey Vergil, what's up?" I ask the fully costumed teen at the door as I switch to totally in control mode.

"We need, to talk." He says.

"About what?" I ask.

"Before that, Static Shock, you need to head back to The Rig." Dad says. "They think you went AWOL, they even sent out an emergency line because you stormed off."

"Appropriate word choice." He says with shrug a as lightning crackles around him. "And don't worry, I'll head back. I just wanna know, what happened to Maureen."

He has that 'I'm totally sane but not really right at this moment but I'm fine' smile. Patent pending.

"Um, specify?" I ask.

"Static, look." Dad says as he sets me down. "I really think you-"

"I wasn't talk'n to you sir." He says with a glare.

"Tone it down Vergil." I say with a returned glare. "Or I'll show you the difference between classes."

"Just, tell me." Vergil says through a shaky breath and a smile. "Did you, kill, Maureen?"

Okay, hear me out. Band aide method. He's going to figure it out sooner or later. Lying now, will only make later worse. And that's something I'd rather avoid.

"Yes." I say.

Cue the fist to my face as I activate my immovable power.

And before I can say something. Dad spartan kicks Vergil in the throat!

"Wait!" I shout, getting Dad to stop.

Only for Vergil to throw his saucer at him and knock him back into the house.

"Dad!" I shout back.

"This is between me and her, old man!" Vergil shouts. "Stay out of it!"

I look to Dad, enhancing my perception to see if he's alright.

The coffee table is broke. But he's getting up.

I look back to Vergil. He has a stone face glare. The kind that shows he's being overwhelmed with anger, but is controlling it.

I run to him. Intent on using my biokinesis to shut his motor neurons off. Saving us all the time of this song and dance.

Only, as I get close. Small sparks of electricity wisp off of him. Making me jump back as his eyes follow me, if, slightly delayed.

I can't touch him! If electricity is generated inside my field. Yes I still absorb it. But not before it hurts and possibly knocks me out!

I could use my new siphon trick. But I haven't tested it and have no clue just how severe it'll be.

I return my perception to normal before it disorientates me.

The sounds all return as Vergil holds a hand up and calls his saucer back to him.

"I'd try and say something." I call to him. "But I doubt you'd listen!"

"Why?!" He yells as he tosses a bolt at me.

I let it hit. And fake the pain. I've stated it before, but electricity only hurts if it bypasses that first layer of my absorption field.

Still, no need to let any opponents know that.

"She, she asked me to." I say shakily as I make an illusion of myself to keep his attention while I invisibly sneak off.

*Zzt* *Shatter*

Looking around, my decoy is still there. But my invisibility is gone.

"You know I can see you." He says as he walks over. "Don't try and get out of this!"

He holds up a hand and lets loose an arc of electricity at me. In keeping up with appearances, I run out of its way.

Only to step on a ball and trip as it gets pushed behind me. And goes off in a burst of electricity.

It was a battery bomb!

This fucker is bombing me!

'When the fuck did he plant that!?' I think to myself. 'And why the hell didn't I hear him do it!'

Then I hear it.

*Zzzzzzzzzz*

The soft static! His little static field is messing with my ability to hear things properly! And the constant shocks of electricity is fucking with my sense of smell by filling the air with ozone!

I need time to adjust to this. But whether or not I have that time is another story. I need time to adjust and think without the threat of him.

So, I run.

"Get back here murderer!" He yells.

Looking back, I see him hop onto his saucer and chase after me.

That's good! I can use this. So long as he doesn't get smart and keeps up his chase.

'Okay, think. You're basically acting as bait.' I run through in my head as I enter the Central district and turn invisible as I run around the traffic.

I turn invisible because if people see me blurring past, they might freak out and crash. I'm fast enough to dodge around cars and roof hop on them. And light enough that I don't damage them in doing so.

Still, better safe than sorry.

'Think. Bait, trap. I need a trap.' I think to myself. 'What could I trap Vergil in?'

Think, think!

'Okay, super resilient, limited telekinesis with metal, can reattach severed limbs, effectively bullet proof.' I list in my head as I calm down. 'Um, weakness, weakness, water! But is he dumb enough to follow me to the bay?'

No. At least, I don't think so. He may be reckless right now. But I can't bank on him being so reckless that he'd follow me to his Achilles' heel.

But. Fire hydrants.

'Argh!' I think to myself as I dodge a motorcyclist. 'If I just stayed at the house! There's almost no one out back home and there's a hydrant right down the street!'

Think, think!

I can't get into an open fight. It may be early morning. But this is a city with nearly twelve million people. In other words. The roads and sidewalks are still full! And collateral damage is still a thing!

Bay is off limits. Too obvious. Hiding? No, he sees peoples bioelectric aura and sees them as unique to the individual. And I don't know if that works through walls or not.

Commercial district has too many people to risk it. I'm roughly in Central right now, backtracking to the boardwalk is a no. Again too obvious and too many people.

Nearby there's the hospital, Arcadia, City Hall, and if I stretch it Winslow and the West Slums.

Wait! Water tanks! The roofs have water tanks that supply the buildings with water! Using gravity to supply the buildings water and reduce the need for complex pumping systems!

Why do I know that?

With a plan in mind, I run to the sidewalk an jump up. Using platforms to assist my rise.

I make it to the rooftop and spot a water tank on the adjacent roof.

I run over and jump-

*Crash* *Shatter*

I'm disoriented as I cartwheel through the air. Smacking into the side of the building and tumbling down, smacking the fire escapes like Spider-Man in the second movie.

I land on the ground in the alleyway. Amongst the mud and grime. My invisibility shattered.

I'd like to mention, I'm still in my night clothes. Which are now ruined.

I get up to my hands and knees as Vergil descends on his saucer.

"What are you even doing?" I ask to try and reason with him.

"Putting down a menace." He says as he touches down and steps off his saucer. "A murderer like you needs brought in."

"Didn't she have a kill order?" I ask as I stand up.

That, was not a smart thing to say. As Vergil charges forward.

I dodge and duck. Not wanting to be put out by the static coat he's maintaining.

"Vergil!" I shout. "Chill! You don't want to do this!"

"Agree to disagree!" He says as he flings his arms out, thin trails of blue electricity spiraling around his arms and shouting out to the fire escapes. In a harsh, swift motion he brings his arms down.

Bringing the fire escapes down with the motion.

I run and dodge out of the way of the crumbling metal. Once again grateful for the hearing aides as that loud clanging would've hurt.

He is so lucky I'm keeping the kid gloves on. If I really wanted to. I could shred him with a cloud of daggers, or just blitz out of here on an illusionary saucer.

"Okay! Remember the seminars?!" I shout. "You need to calm down!"

That, and I'm trying to avoid making too much of a scene in the middle of the city. Hero means I need to keep civilians in mind.

And I really want to come out of this with as much moral high ground as I can.

"I'm plenty calm." He says as he walks atop the crumbled fire escapes. Staring down at me though his glowing goggles.

Though the longer this goes on, the less I'm finding that I care about that.

"Static Shock!" I hear Dragon's voice come from his comms. "You are to return to The Rig IMMEDIATELY. Any further inci-"

He takes his comms out of his ear and crushes it.

"Okay, pretty sure you just placed yourself on the villains list for that." I point out.

"That's rich coming from someone who was on the priority list not even six months ago." He says as he hops down.

'Okay, that's, I have nothing the really counter that.' I think as I crawl back.

"Okay, counter point." I say as I hold out a hand and rapidly increase the temperature. Forcing an explosion to throw him back.

That is very energy extensive, I'm still recovering from the attack on the ferry. And all that did was inconvenience him.

I hop up and take off again. My destination being Arcadia. PRT territory, should be empty, and, fire hydrants. And if worse comes to worse, empty school!

Been meaning to destroy the gym.

As I turn invisible to keep from crashing. Sure enough, I hear Vergil hot on my tail.

Okay, never using that phrase again. Sort of takes on a whole other meaning when you have an actual tail. And when said tail is sensitive.

Dodging and weaving as I check back. Sure enough, Vergil is still following me.

He's not willing to attack me on the street. We're both playing a game of avoiding collateral. Problem is, he's a lot better at it than me. Which is why I'm trying to get somewhere with no people. And give myself the advantage. I need to learn how to fight without getting destructive.

Oh god I'm having the same issues as Vicky.

'Why isn't anyone coming after him? Isn't he AWOL? Why would the governme-'

Fuck it's the government. They're probably trying to keep this on the down low as much as possible. And Vergil is one of their highest movers, only being beat by Velocity. And there is almost nothing Velocity could do to Vergil outside of foaming him.

This is the problem with capes who have a kryptonite. While yes, they have an obvious weakness. Without that weakness readily available, there's not much that can be done.

'Fuck! Just need to get to Arcadia.' I tell myself.

.

.

-Meanwhile, The Rig, 10:15am-

.

.

Emily Pigot POV

.

Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck.

"Fuck!" I shout.

Our strongest Ward just went AWOL on a vendetta. What was Armsmaster thinking!? Talking about such sensitive topics in the fucking halls!?

"Dragon, have we had any word on the situation?" I ask.

My laptop lights up with the image of the worlds most powerful Tinker.

"Static Shock crushed his own communicator and tracker." Dragon says. "We do know he's chasing after Kitsu, but where to is another story. She's gone invisible and he's been spotted roaming the streets."

"Looking for her?" I ask.

"Chasing, he can see bioelectric auras and Kitsu's invisibility doesn't cover that." She says. "We also got a call from the Dallons. Do you, want me to relay it?"

"Might as well." I say.

"Brandish wants you to know she will be pressing charges." Dragon says apologetically.

"Wonderful." I say.

The moment I get back from Boston and I have to deal with this shit?

Can't send the other Wards. Too risky. Foam? Vergil is too fast. Armsmaster? No. Previous behavior shows he's more likely to attack Kitsu and try to take her down. And then reason with Static Shock.

The problem is that Static Shock's power has the potential to be too lethal. And he's not in the right state of mind for me to assume he won't accidently kill whoever we send after him.

And Kitsu? If he pushes her too far, I'm not sure what we could do.

We've been lucky that so far she's been playing nice.

Send in Vista and Clockblocker? No, Clockblocker would need to touch him and that runs the risk of electrocution. And if anything happens to Vista then Kitsu could go berserk.

Assault and Battery would be great. With Assaults versatility and Battery's invincibility. But Battery is away on maternity leave.

Velocity could keep up with them. But not much else. Triumph could do a bit. But all it would take is one bolt and he's down. Kid Win doesn't have any gear that would be capable of taking down Static Shock. At least, none that I approved or am aware of.

"Where's Gallant and Aegis?" I ask.

"They're off, currently at home." Dragon says.

"Call them in on a class five emergency with the potential to escalate to a class nine." I say.

"Right away." Dragon says.

"And call the Dallons. Tell them to keep Panacea on standby and all of their flyers in reserve if needed."

.

.

-Arcadia School Grounds, 10:23am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I dodge more lightning strikes as Vergil hovers above.

"Vergil, last chance!" I shout to him. "Keep this up and I'll get serious!"

"Big talk from someone who's been runnin the whole time!" He shouts as I dodge another bolt.

No fire hydrants in the parking lot, none in the fields, what the hell?

Open combat for a bit. Okay!

I turn around and charge at him. Surprising him as he rears back slightly and shoots out a bolt as I enhance my perspective to dodge.

"You want a fight!?" I yell as I return my perspective. "Here's what you're up against!"

I make a giant Anubis rise out of the ground with my illusions. Think the Anubis boss from Assassin's Creed Origins. Coming up right behind me in the middle of the circle drive of the school. Like some sort of JoJo's RPG boss.

"I know your illusions are as tough as glass!" He says.

Only when I don't layer them on top of each other to spread out the force of impacts.

Which is what I am doing with the fist.

The rest of the Anubis is purely visual. Only the fist is tangible to save on energy.

It punches Vergil as he sends a bolt to it. It travels through and around the fist. Being layered enough that it doesn't shatter it. And I watch in satisfaction as his eyes widen and he's knocked off his saucer.

I don't have a lot of long range options. A hundred feet is my illusions limit before they get distorted. And I need to keep Vergil at a distance. He's fast. And if he grabs me and electrocutes me then I'm out.

As Vergil is on the ground, he unleashes a shockwave of electricity. Shattering the illusion as he looks back to me with a snarl.

If there was one thing different about this fight, I'd have won already!

Wait, why am I caring about collateral at an empty school? Wrecking these places is every students dream! Some teachers too!

I run to the parking lot as he charges at me. Throwing a smokescreen illusion with a bar in it to clothesline him.

I hear him hit the bar and unlike his cousin who just recovered when I tried that trick on her. Vergil takes a tumble onto the pavement.

I make it to the parking lot and start ripping up parking blocks. I normally have shit aim. But, yeah there's no but here. I'm just throwing parking block after parking block, and ripping parking signs out and tossing those as well. Sideways throwing the parking blocks and tomahawking the parking signs.

"Eat pavement you walking charger port!" I shout as I toss the debris at him.

"That the best insult you got?" He says as he electrifies a sign and tosses it out of the way. "Thought I'd hear better from the fur bait!"

Dude. No need to go that far.

As expected, none of the signs hit him. And some actually get tossed back to me. And I end up using parking blocks as baseball bats to slug a few away before I say fuck it and stop throwing metal objects at him.

He doesn't have the title of strongest Ward on the east coast for nothing. My shit aim actually helps me here. As my wild throws cause him to bob and weave almost as erratically as my aim. Which gives me more time to think and plan.

Throwing doesn't take a lot of thought, but dodging does. So, when I get to the last of the parking blocks. I illusion a bunch of chains to come up from the ground and pull Vergil down.

While he's recovering from his third tumble of the day, I dash for the doors of the building and barrel through. With Vergil getting back up and onto his saucer. Hovering in to following me.

The gym has places he can hide from the sprinkler system. So my goal is the cafeteria. It's too open to hide anywhere before the water gets him. And all the tables should be put up for the summer.

*Crash*

And I'm smooshed between two locker columns as they're ripped out of the wall.

"Ow!" I say sarcastically as the lockers separate. "Look, Vergil, I will hurt you!"

He's shoved the lockers to block us in. I can't get out without smashing a wall, a bunch of lockers, or running past him.

Idiot. This is better.

"Like you hurt Maureen?" He asks.

…

'Don't prove him right.' I tell myself.

"Okay, that's it." I say as I enhance the body temp of my shoulders. Burning the fabric there.

I'd do more, but one, I don't want to flash my boobs to the world. Two, I don't want to risk destroying my hearing aides by igniting my hair.

"You have fire now?" He says as he starts crackling with electricity. "I've already put away one Hotshot. What makes you think I won't put you away!?"

"Fire's not for you." I say as I tear a strip from the lower part of my baggy shirt. "Thanks for following as far as you did. And for trapping yourself. This is better. The cafeteria has windows after all."

His eyes widen as I light it and toss it up towards the sprinklers.

*ERI* *ERI* *ERI*

The fire alarms flash and ring as Vergil takes off. Though, not fast enough. Seeing as he had to take a moment to move the locker wall. As the sprinklers activate and dowse him in water.

"Rraaaagh!" He shouts as his saucer drops and he rolls. Electricity cackling off him as he pants.

"Your first mistake was letting me run!" I call out as I walk towards him. "Running is what I do best. You let me gain the upper hand. I was never trying to run away."

"You, you murdered Maureen." He pants as he glares up at me. "You made her beg for death!"

"No I didn't." I say in confusion. "Who said that?"

"You did!" He shouts as he gets to his knees, glaring with unrestrained anger. "Your own words! She asked me to!"

"It was an assisted suicide!" I shout back. "I encountered her, and her first words were Please Kill Me!"

"And you didn't think to not!?" He yells. "She was crying out for help! And you failed her!"

"What was I supposed to do!?" I ask as I hold back my tears.

He's right. If I only thought to check on her.

He stands up, the sprinklers still going. And looks to me with a sneer.

"Anything!" He yells. "Anything would've been better than killing her!"

"I literally put her out of her misery!" I counter.

In a blinding motion. He grabs my neck and screams in pain as he electrocutes me.

He's electrocuting the both of us!

It only lasts a second or two. As a red blur tackles Vergil off of me.

*Rreeee*

What's that sound?

"Dude! You need to chill!" I think I hear Aegis say. "There's always a way to-"

*Rreeeeeeeeee*

"What is that sound!?" I ask as it gets louder, sharp pain racing through my skull at the sound.

'Why aren't my hearing aides working!?'

*RREEEEEEEE*

IT HURTS!

"AAAAAAHHHH!" I scream in agony as I cover my ears.

*EEEEEEEEEEE*

Everything goes black.

.

.

Dean "Gallant" Stansfield POV

.

*REEEEEEEEEEE*

"What is that noise!?" I yell as I instinctively cover my ears.

Not that it does much. I'm wearing a helmet.

Carlos looks around before he wordlessly goes over to Kitsu's prone form. Dropping Vergil and turning over the limp girl.

If Missy were here, fuck I don't think there'd be anything I could do short of try to save Vergil.

Carlos pulls her hearing aides off her ears and tosses them down the hall. Taking the high pitched ringing with them.

"Fuck, why didn't you just crush them?" I ask.

"We need to figure out why they're doing that." He says. "Can't do that if I break'em."

"Guys, what the hell!?" Vergil asks. "I was bringing her in!"

Hatred. Frustration, sorrow, and hatred. That's all I see.

"Bullshit." Carlos says. "You were on a warpath. Now come on. It's my day off and the sooner we get you back the sooner I get to sleep in."

Yeah, he's a mix of frustration and annoyance.

.

.

-The Rig, 2pm-

.

.

Emily Pigot POV

.

"Kitsu is unconscious and Static Shock is in M/S Protocol." Miss Militia reads out. "When Armsmaster went to inspect the hearing aides. His armor put itself in lockdown and he's currently stuck. And Dragon is not responding to us."

'Great.' I think sarcastically.

All things considered. This could have gone much worse. I pride myself on being competent. And to be competent, you need to face the reality of things.

If at any point. Kitsu had decided to stop playing hero, I'd be getting a much different report. Assuming I got one at all.

"Have Kid Win inspect the hearing aides." I say.

"No need." My computer lights up with Dragon's image. "I already know the reason."

"Dragon, good to see you." I say sarcastically. "May I ask where you've been?"

"Calming down for the most part." She says with a smile.

"What happened?" I ask.

'The worlds most powerful tinker is pissed. Great. What else could today throw at me?!' I think in frustration.

"Oh, I just found the reason for Kitsu's hearing aides going off." She says in a sickly sweet tone of voice. "Collin snuck in a little surprise for her. If at any point he deemed necessary. He'd activate the little surprise. And Kitsu would drop in pain as the dampeners shut off and amplifiers activated."

I just had to test it.

"Can you unlock Armsmaster?" I ask. "I'd like to have a word with him."

"Unless that's an order." She says. "Then no."

She cuts out.

Fuck my life.

.

.

-2:10pm-

.

.

Chris "Kid Win" POV

.

"You piece of shit!" I yell at the effectively paralyzed man.

"Kid Win, I would appreciate you not taking that-"

"Shove it up your ass you rejected Tin Man!" I shout as I kick his leg.

And immediately regret it as I nurse my foot.

"Kid Win, I believe you should calm down." He says.

"Fuck you!" I shout as I nurse my foot. "You fucked with my tech, I will not calm down!"

That was the first thing I made with full confidence. It was made in good faith for the girl who not only helped me figure out my specialty. But helped me in chem class!

"Kid Win!" I hear behind me as the doors to Armsmaster's lab opens up. "Step away from your superior!"

I take a step back as Miss Militia walks past with Carlos.

"Alright, Aegis, grab his shoulders." She says. "I'll grab his feet."

Carlos steps around and hefts up Assmaster. Miss Militia picks him up by his feet and Carlos drops him.

"Oops, my hands slipped." He says.

"That's a lie." Armsmaster says.

"Don't make me start kicking you too."

.

.

-Pigot's office, 2:40pm-

.

.

Emily Pigot POV

.

"And now you have Brandish filing suit." I say with a glare to the paralyzed man.

"I sincerely believe this is all being blown out of proportion." He says. "While the timing was unfortunate. It was a necessary safety measure."

"Necessary my pale ass Collin!" Dragon says over the speaker. "You rigged what is essentially a disability support device to invert itself and further cripple its user! What's next? Are you going to make a wheelchair that jabs a spike into its users neck? Turning a paraplegic to a quadriplegic? Or maybe color blind glasses that make the wearer blind!?"

"I genuinely believe you are all making false equivalences." He says. "Kitsu cannot be injured. She was merely incapacitated for a short time."

As Dragon continues to chew Armsmaster out. I think on the repercussions of everything.

Kid Win is furious that his tech was tampered with by someone who he trusted. And not only that, it was set to sabotage the person it was intended for. And it was made as a thank you gift and in good faith towards Kitsu. Aegis is pissed that Armsmaster would abuse Kid Win's trust like that. And Lyra had to be restrained when she heard about it. Vista is still on standard patrol with Clockblocker. So that's one time bomb I'm waiting for.

There is no possible way this will go over well. Even if Kitsu went on a rampage and the device was necessary. He could've just rigged it to stop working.

Instead he put a veritable bomb inside a little girls hearing aide.

If this gets out to the public. I can see the possible headlines.

Grown man rigs little girl's hearing aide to render her unconscious.

And that's the nicest one I can think of.

"Collin, you're on leave." I say. "Effective immediately, if you are seen outside your house until further notice you will be declared AWOL."

"Director that is entirely unnecessary." He says sternly.

"It's for your safety as much as your punishment." I say. "Imagine how Kitsu will feel when she wakes up. And you don't have another device to prey on another's disability."

I hope.

.

.

-Tuesday, July 20th, The Rig Emergency Care Room, 1pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I wake up to the smell of cookies and coffee.

Sitting up and stretching. I look around at the room. And notice Missy off to the side on her phone. Visor off, costume on.

I look around the room. Recognizing it as the hospital.

'What happened?' I ask myself. 'Did Vergil knock me out? Fuck I knew I should've stopped holding back! So what if I'd have nearly killed him. I can put him back together!'

Wait.

I hear everything again. From the electricity in the wiring to Missy's heartbeat.

"Why do I hear, everything?" I ask.

Missy's head shoots up towards me. Jumping out of her chair and running to me.

"Oh my gosh!" She says as she takes my head and holds it to her chest rubbing my hair as I hear her heart race.

"Um, not that I dislike the position." I say into her chest plate. "By all means, coddle me more. But, I'd like an explanation as well."

"Dickmaster." She says.

"Wut?"

"Armsmaster rigged your hearing aides and they got damaged in your fight with Static Shock." Missy says with a sneer in her voice.

'I thought Wade fixed that?' I think to myself.

"Oh I was so scared! You wouldn't wake up for anything!"

She pulls back and lets go of me. Before messing with the rail of the gurney and lowering it. And then climbing into the bed with me.

"Okay, now who's being cheeky?" I ask as she moves to put herself under me in our half spoon cuddle. "Weren't you complaining last time I-Mmrph!"

She kisses me to keep me quiet. Separating after a bit.

"Um, what was-Mph!" I try again.

"If you're going to talk, talk about something not related to everything here." She says softly. "I don't want to think about any of this."

'Was seeing me unresponsive on a gurney that traumatizing?' I ask myself. 'Of fucking course it is you idiot!'

So, I lay here. And talk about my experience with Call of Duty as we await for me to be released.

Much to Missy's horror.

"And people really just, say that stuff?" Missy asks in disbelief.

"One guy even said that if I didn't stop laughing, he'd track me down and bang my mom so hard that my dad would be jealous." I say with a smile. "Not that he used those words. But it was still funny!"

"How, is any of that funny!?" Missy asks. "You're getting death and rape threats!"

"It's funny because they're saying it out of pure anger, and they're being spurred on by the anonymity of online gaming." I explain before I give an evil smile. "But more than that? I'd like to see them try."

…

"I know you're trying to be scary." Missy says. "But you're just coming off as mischievous and cute."

"Everything I do is cute." I defend with a pout. "It's not my fault I look this way."

"You are literally a shapeshifter." Missy points out.

"Do you want to lose kissing privileges?" I ask.

"You like my kisses too much." She says with a grin.

I mean, she do be right though.

.

.

-1 Hour Later-

.

.

"I want him arrested!" Mom yells at Pigot. "Both of them! Chasing an innocent girl through the streets. And sabotaging hearing aides!? Who the fuck in their right minds does that!?"

"Mrs. Dallon, I understand your frustration. However, we can't just simply place another cape under arrest without causing a massive stir." Pigot says. "Please, be reasonable."

"Reasonable." Mom says as she crosses her arms and gives that 'Oh really?' smile. "I believe reasonable, would be not being forced to wake up to a runaway Ward banging on my door and fucking with my electric bill, hours before I have to be up. Reasonable, would be expecting said Ward to leave the moment I tell him he's trespassing, reasonable, would be expecting a set of hearing aides, to not have a fucking BOMB in them!"

If anyone asks, I'm not here right now.

Even Pigot is wide eyed.

"Those are all, very reasonable things." Mom continues. "Yet none of those things happened today. So forgive me, if I'm feeling unreasonable."

Pigot takes a deep breath, before exhaling.

"Mrs. Dallon, the best I can do as of now, is keep him on leave as a full investigation is underway." She says.

"No." Mom says.

"Excuse me?" Pigot asks.

"No, you can do better." Mom reiterates.

"I'm not sure what I could do that would be better." Pigot says.

I sneak one of the cookies Missy brought me. They're basic sugar cookies.

"Either you do, or I go public." Mom threatens.

"I hab an idrea." I say.

"Swallow before you talk." Mom says with a glare.

Heh, that's what he said.

"I have an idea." I say.

"I don't believe that-" Pigot starts.

"Let her speak." Mom says.

Pigot silences herself. Clearly preparing herself for my, idea.

"Demote him." I say. "You can't fire him, you can't arrest him. Demote him, and put Miss Militia in charge. She's clearly better at leading anyway."

"Perfect!" Mom says with a smile. "Strip him of privilege and responsibility. That way, he'll never be able to do this again."

"Oh, and make sure he knows its my idea." I say.

Nothing will piss him off more.

"Okay, I'll, see what I can do." Pigot says.

"Oh, you'll do it." I say. "You can't afford not to. After all, what would the papers say if they learned the leader of the Wards, sabotaged a little girls hearing aides. Forget the public, what would the Youth Guard do?"

Mom's heart rate picks up at that.

"Very, very well." Pigot says. "I'll see to it that the paperwork is dealt with. It'll just be a matter of time and coming up with a cover."

"Have him say he's stepping down in preparation for retirement and in recognition of Miss Militia's capability. That he cares about the efficiency and well being of the Wards. And that he recognizes her as being better than him." I suggest. "There, perfect cover story that the press will love! Armsmaster, humble and grateful."

He, will be, SO pissed!

Mom gains a bit of a smile that she quickly schools and hides.

"I'm, surprised you came up with that so quickly." Pigot says.

"I'm smart!" I say with a smile.

I just thought of what would piss him off the most.

"Of course." Pigot says. "Now, onto the next matter. Static Shock."

"Just have him pay for the damages at the school." I say. "And again, let him know I suggested it. And that I could've done much worse."

"I'll take it." Pigot says, knowing that there is a lot I could demand. "If, if that is all, I'd like to call this discussion to a close. I have, too much to do."

"Just let Chris know I'll need another pair of hearing aides." I say. "Preferably without, the coma inducing pain of hypersonics."

"Of course." She says as she leaves.

We watch the potbellied woman step out of the room. A few seconds after the door closes. Mom turns to me and walks to my bed. Standing beside me as she looks down to me. Before smiling and coming down for a hug.

"Oooohh I am so proud of you!" She says as she squeezes me. "The way you handled that? Oh it was so perfect! Like a little lawyer the way you strong armed her into agreeing with you without ever threatening her!" She gushes.

"Um, thanks?" I say as I just enjoy the hug.

"Come on, I brought you a change of clothes." She says as she comes back up, still smiling. "We can pick up a pizza on the way home."

"Pizza!"

Today is a good day.

.

.

-Wednesday, July 21st, Dallon House, 9:30am-

.

.

"In other news. Multimillion dollar entrepreneur and CEO of Medhal Pharmaceuticals, Max Anders, is under arrest following allegations of, get this, child abuse and domestic violence." The woman says as it cuts to a scene of Max Anders in cuffs, being escorted out of The Towers by police. Stone faces as cameras flash and other officers are forced to keep the pedestrians at bay.

"Yes, yesterday afternoon his eldest son Edward, released a video to the public." The man continues. "Claiming that he'd had enough, and feared for his brothers safety. And so he posted the damning evidence on YouTube. We won't show the graphic parts here, but in it you can clearly see multiple instances of Max beating his eldest on several occasions. At one point smacking him hard enough to knock his amputee son over."

It cuts to parts where we see Max in an office. Yelling at his flinching son, Alphonse. Though there's no audio, you can see Max is being very aggressive.

"That's right, and even more disturbing is that several who know the triplet sons, Edward, Theodore, and Alphonse, say that this, explains a lot." The woman continues. "In one statement from an individual who wishes to remain anonymous, they said, and I quote. 'I've met the boys on many occasions. Edward is very vocal about his disdain for his father, Theodore always tries to change the subject anytime he's brought up, and Alphonse would always get fidgety and evasive."

"Horrible, just, absolutely horrible." The man tsks. "Though it does raise the question. What'll happen to Medhal? They own and run the vast majority of hospitals and pharmacies on the east coast."

"We don't know, so far the share holders are staying quiet." The woman says.

"Oh my god." Amy says from the couch.

Turning to her, she's on her phone and watching something. She's in her Panacea robes. She was about to head out until she got several phone calls and texts telling her to check the news.

"Everyone has secrets and dirty laundry." Mom says as she heads to the door for work.

"Um, this is worse than you two think." I say. "Mom, you might want to unground me."

"What the hell are you on about?" She says as she turns to me, right as Dad opens the door.

"You know how if you take out a leader of a gang, without dismantling their structure, it just causes a power grab that increases crime and violence?" I ask.

"I was at the Boston Games, so yes. I'm intimately aware." She says.

"Well, Max Anders is Kaiser." I say.

Her eyes widen at my statement. And Dad freezes in place.

"Oh god!" Amy says. "I'm gonna be sick!"

We're about to be hit with the Boston Games two. Nazi boogaloo.

.

.

-Thursday, July 22nd, Hookwolf's holdout-

.

.

Brad "Hookwolf" Meadows POV

.

"Well boys!" I shout to my loyal dogs. "Looks like we have an opportunity at our feet! Who wants to be the top dogs of the bay!?"

I grin at the roaring crowd of people. Eager to get to work and establish my kingdom.

"This is gonna be fun."

.

.

-The Towers-

.

.

Kayden "Purity" Anders POV

.

"You stupid boy!" I yell at the amputee. "Do you have any clue as to what you've done!?"

"Should've known his side piece was in on it." He scoffs. "What? You gonna hit me too?"

"I'd never hit a child." I sneer. "There's a reason I was filing for divorce. And now that's going to get infinitely harder now that Max is in jail!"

"Well look at it this way, there's no way in hell a court will grant visitation or guardianship to a man convicted of child abuse." He points out. "If anything, you're in the perfect position to take everything from him."

'He's right.' I realize. 'A man convicted of child abuse? There's no way the courts will ever side with him!'

"And, if he's accused of domestic abuse, you'd get everything in the divorce." Edward calmly says as he lounges back on the couch. "Hell, you could get Medhal, set your kid up for life. All without the hassle of sucking up to that mans ego."

"What do you need me to do?"

.

.

-Industrial Hideout-

.

.

Klara "Stormfront" Risinger POV

.

"Alright." I say to myself as I see the news.

The hypocrite is down for the count. Knew he wasn't up to snuff. No man who uses fake principles could ever be a real leader. Not like his father and sister were.

No. It's time for someone who actually believes in their preaching to step up! Someone who will follow through with their word! Purity believes in our natural superiority as much as Kaiser did. And Hookwolf is just a rabid dog not worthy of the race he was born to.

"Time to suit up." I say to myself.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Unit-003, designation: Informant

.

[Error: Possible Outcome Intercepted]

[Reworking: Subroutine 0093.5; Backtrack]

[Error: Unviewable]

[Reworking: Subroutine 0089.3; Localized Wavelength Interception]

[129790 Data entries received]

[23781 Data entries corrupted]

[Error: Source of unknown origin interfering with Route 034]

[Route 034: Analyzing]

[Error: Unviewable]

[Route 034: Unviewable past 650.88 ellipses]

[Route 034: Abandoned]

.

.

3rd person POV

.

As the being locally known as The Simurgh floats along in space. It finds itself experiencing something, new.

As it slowly loses hold of its visions and it's own interface becomes more unreliable. It feels, frustrated. And afraid.

What could be blocking its sight and dismantling its plans?

.

.

Bonus 2

.

.

Rebecca "Alexandria" Costa-Brown POV

.

"We managed to get buccal cells from her." I say to the other members of Cauldron.

Contessa, The Number Man, and Eidolon.

"And?" Eidolon asks.

"I am quite curious as well." Number Man says. "Every calculation says that the possibility of Kitsu having a relative here on Earth-Bet is less than zero point zero to the tenth power one."

"Correct. Further more." Contessa adds. "There is no path that can be modeled with her factored in. Coil is locked in his base and his civilian identity is about to be declared dead. All because his power is not functioning properly."

They're right. The longer Kitsu is in Brockton Bay. The larger the blindspot on the city becomes. Fourteen plans for the city have already been scrapped. Any further and we'll have to abandon all plans for the area altogether.

"Well, the results are in." I sigh. "And Lightstar is her father. And Fleur is, or rather was, her mother."

"Impossible." Number Man says. "Fleur would be between sixteen and eighteen to have conceived the child. On top of that, she was an active hero. The odds of miscarriage while maintaining active hero work are absurdly high. To say nothing of there being no birth records, no period of inactivity, and while technically possible, no one noticed any signs of a pregnancy. The longest amount of time she went unaccounted for was a month when she was seventeen. And that was for a broken arm. The odds of Fleur having a child in that timeframe are barely higher than Kitsu having any close relatives."

"Unless." Eidolon says. "She is a Case Fifty Three."

"Not possible, if-" Number Man starts.

"Contessa, if you had a path tell you to create a Case Fifty Three and then wipe all of our memories and records of it to avoid any interference" He leaves off.

"If it lead to a higher probability of victory." She says. "Without a doubt."

Her body language all indicates that she's telling the truth.

"So, an alternate earth where Fleur and Lightstar had a kid?" Number Man says. "The odds of an earth with those criteria are guaranteed. The multiverse is large. The odds of us finding one such earth? Eighty percent and some change."

"So, that's it?" I say. "We broke our rule of not making Case Fifty Threes if they have Earth Bet relatives or counter parts. And wiped our memories of it?"

"Factoring all other bits of information?" Number Man says. "Odd, I'm getting a clean fifty percent. That never happens."

"Unless, it's also a universe with a high mover and Kitsu got thrown in here by accident. And her power mutated her of its own accord." Eidolon suggests. "Or she triggered with a trump power that gives her powers she needs, like we theorized, and she was in an incident that required her to develop a universe jumping power."

"We'd have sensed it." Number Man says.

"Would we?" Eidolon challenges. "She's a blindspot in nearly every other sense."

He's right. We already struggle to model her in any predictions. Who's to say she couldn't hide a teleportation power?

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

If it seemed the fight between Vergil and Kitsu was anticlimatic, don't worry.

I've got a slew of things prepared.

That, and it came down to their goals. Vergil wanted to take Kitsu down. But Kitsu didn't want to take Vergil down.

Overall their encounter lasted about thirty minutes.

.

*Spoiler* *Spoiler*

It was stated that [Conduit] grabbed a random body from one of the connected Earths in the sectioned off portion of the aether. And dropped it into Earth-Bet so it could have its fun.

Kitsu, was only five years old when she was placed on Earth-Bet. She got yoinked through the fourth, fifth, and sixth wall in the process of the move. Shattering her mind and stripping her of her sense of identity. That's why she was confused that she was a little girl. But didn't seem bothered by it and took to her body rather quickly. And, while confused at first, didn't take long to just say, I'm a girl.

Not all of her 'memories' from before are hers. That's why they're inconsistent. For example, she once said she had three sisters and a brother before. But then said two sisters and two brothers. Then once recalled that she was the brother. Once, she remembered her mother was a nurse. Then, another time she couldn't recall. She knows so many random bits of knowledge with no connection.

She remembered being in Alton, Illinois before. Yet has never gone there. You'd think if she had a sense of attachment or memories to the place, she'd try and visit.

She trusted and got attached to the Dallons and Pelhams, WAY too fast.

Missy mentioned that Kitsu looks like a miniature Vicky with minute differences, and that Carol and Kitsu look like they could be mother and daughter.

Kitsu, is an alternate universe child of Jess and Mike. Fleur, and Lightstar. Or as RadChaos897 put it, an alternate universe Maybe-Baby.

She came from a world set slightly in the future where New Wave and The Brockton Bay Brigade were never a thing.

That's why this story is labeled a Semi-SI. The only self insert is my meta-knowledge. And that's explained by her being tossed through Cthulhu's living room right before landing in Earth-Bet. Her mind couldn't handle the strain of everything it went through. So it wiped several things to keep her from breaking down from everything she saw and had forced into her head.

*Spoiler Over*

.

The hearing aides are water resistant, shock proof, and heat resistant. But those resistances were not mutually exclusive. The heat, mixed with the water, adding in the shock. Broke the inhibitors to the failsafe Armsmaster slipped in. Setting them off.

Wade did set a virus in place. If Armsmaster ever tried to remotely trigger the hearing aides. His suit would lockdown. However, he didn't press the button. He did press the button when he went to inspect them to try and fix them. Thus, activating the virus.

Basically it was a software virus, but the trigger was faulty hardware.

Dragon just lied to protect Wade's identity.

.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

Casanova5424: What are the odds i can get a detailed tutorial/shopping list to that coffee setup. Just the idea of having that in my room had me in literal shock and envy for a WHILE.

Newb: I sent you a pm. Keep in mind I used my holiday discount. So it took off like, $150 of that.

.

FOR KITSU!

.

.

FOR ONE TIME ONLY!

ERIC!

RadChaos897: How strong are your shields? How much damage can they tank before they break?

Eric: Okay, so, it's like I have this, tank inside me. And I can use that tank to fuel my shields. The more juice I put in, the larger and stronger I can make them. But the faster they wear out. I imagine that at max capacity, they'd handle a nuke, but would only last a few seconds.

RadChaos897: Are you able to create multiple shields or just one at a time? If so, then how many?

Eric: This is something Kitsu and I are working on. I can do one just fine. Two is tricky. Three becomes difficult. Anything after that and I risk all of my shields just popping. It's mostly a focus thing.

RadChaos897: Do you need to use your hands to create your shields or is it more like a psychosomatic reaction?

Eric: *Googles psychosomatic* Uh, yeah. That thing. Psycho sonar trick.

RadChaos897: Can you change the shape of your shields or are they in a fixed shape? Ever try something like a spiked shield or a blade shield?

Eric: They can only really be basic shapes. Squares, rectangle, spheres. I did try, it just never went anywhere.

RadChaos897: Have you ever used your shields in an offensive manner? Shield bashing, shield striking, that kind of thing.

Eric: I've used the shield to clothesline a fleeing motorcyclist once. Does that count?

RadChaos897: Have you ever enclosed a criminal or villain in your shield and then shook them around like a snow globe? Something to try out later on a Brute or a particularly rowdy person.

Eric: Ooh! I am so stealing that for later.

RadChaos897: How has your status as a New Wave cape affected your life outside the household? Ever had anyone try to be your friend to get closer to your other family members? Did you ever get stalked by crazy fangirls? Do you even have fangirls? What about fanboys? A fanclub?

Eric: Let's just say there's a reason I stay at the house. And leave it at that.

RadChaos897: Since you're a streamer, what are the current most popular streamers? Do you have any personal favorites? Do you know if there are any other capes that do streaming, in or out of costume? That would be a pretty funny sight, watching a cape in full costume playing GTA or COD and cursing out a kid for killing them for the umpteenth time.

Eric: There's actually a compilation of my raging at little kids killing me in battlefield, halo, and COD. My editor put it together as an April fools joke. And it's my most watched video.

There's a few popular streamers. Though it's poor form to plug others in your own QnA. I will say there's this one girl who's getting really popular. Her name's Alicia King and she goes by Dru.

As for capes? Pinky is the only one I know of.

Grimnosh: What is your favorite game and what type of games do you prefer?

Eric: I actually prefer story based RPG. Like Assassins creed, Fallout, Mass Effect. My favorite right now is Bioshock.

It just sucks that people prefer to watch me play games I don't really care for. Like TF2 or COD online.

Casanova5424: If your evil clone decided to spill your worst secrets, whats the most emotional damaging thing it could say.

Eric: I am not answering that!

*Wibbly wobbly timey wimey bullshit*

Evil Eric: I am evil Eric! The Dark Eric! You may call me! Deric!

*Proceeds to wrestle Eric and tape his mouth shut*

Deric: He once masturbated four times in a row to see how often someone could masturbate before he just couldn't anymore. He was sweating so hard and so out of breath his mom took him to the hospital to see what was wrong.

NEXT TIME!

PINKY!

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.
Find in newb's-grotto at the discord where I hold votes towards my stories!

.

Link to the discord: discord. gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, macdjord and 138 others
Newb to the game
Jun 28, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 55 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#447
A/N Schemes and Scenes

Alt title: A brewing Storm

.
Update at time of original release
Posting the day before singles awareness day. May not have been the best choice for my review count.

Oh well.

.

Big thanks to Casanova5424 and RadChoas897 for helping me out with this chapter and ideas moving forward.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Thursday, July 22nd, Dallon House, 7am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

My eyes shoot open at the sound. Chris is still working on my hearing aides, so everything is still at an eleven out of ten on the sound scale. Making the knocking, sound as though it's from my door. Which it's not. Missy is under me and my door is open.

That and I've lived with this for years. I can tell distance even if it's louder in comparison. To what I've had for the last few months.

It's the neighbors house that's being knocked on by the way.

*Bump* … *Bump* … *Bump*

I ignore the knocking in favor of Missy's slow, rhythmic heartbeat.

The last few days had me really worried. But then I was reminded that bail was a thing and that so long as the judge doesn't deem Max a flight risk, we'll be fine. For now.

Our plan is to wait for bail to be posted and then systematically target the E88's structures. Their rings, their rackets, drug labs. While I and a few others target the capes. Dismantling the gang as Max gets put away.

Mom saw the evidence on YouTube. So long as that wasn't all of the evidence, then Max will be put away for quite a while.

Here's just hoping that he's never did anything in the past to be considered a flight risk!

And so, I fall back asleep on my favorite body pillow. Nice and warm, soft, smells good. And comes with its own white noise maker!

Night night.

.

.

-9am-

.

.

"And we're rollin with a group called the fuckin' Saints." My avatar says. "Names don't mean shit, Shaundi."

I proceed to use the penetrator to beat the green colored coded gang members.

"What the hell is this?!" Mom asks as she walks in with dad.

Knew I wouldn't get to enjoy this for long.

"Saints Row Two!" I say as I shove the penetrator up a prostitutes ass. "It's funny! And oddly accurate in some regards."

What? Have you ever been to a drug den? Or a gang thugs hideout? That's what I thought.

The seedier parts of Chicago get wild!

"No." She says as she walks over and takes the disk out. "You are not playing this."

"Why?!" I whine.

"Do you even know what you were using to beat people with in that game?" Mom challenges with a raised brow.

"A bigger version of the thing Vicky keeps under her bed." I answer.

Mom gains a slight blush and Dad goes beet red.

"Could've gone the entirety of my existence without that knowledge." Dad says under his breath.

"Grow up Mark." Mom whispers to him. "Kitsu, do we need to have the talk?"

"What talk?" I ask.

Her and Dad share a look before turning back to me. Clearly awkward, but resolute.

"Kitsu, do you know where babies come from?" She asks.

"Do you want the child friendly version, the clinical version, or the blunt version?" I ask.

"Blunt." She says.

"Sex." I answer.

"Okay, then you should know what that was." Mom says.

I, may have backed myself into a corner here.

Good thing Missy went home earlier. Otherwise this would be a lot more awkward. I don't think she's had the talk yet outside of the basic, your body will start changing.

"I mean, I doubt it could be used for its original purpose, but yes." I say.

"Yeah, you're not playing this." She says. "I don't even remember buying this, where'd you get it?"

"Eric left a bunch of games over the last time they were here." I tell here. "Oh! Can I get Call of Duty Black Ops!?"

"Is it like this?" She asks as she holds up the disk.

"It has guns, that's about it." I say. "It's a first person shooter!"

She stares at me. Blinking as she awaits further explanation.

"I'll just show you." I say as I rummage through the cabinet of the entertainment stand.

.

.

"Aimbotting whore!" I get called as I laugh.

"No way, no fucking way this bitch got the nuke in less than a minute." Another says. "there's SIX of us and a respawn of fifteen seconds."

"Bruh, I'm not killing one guy every fifteen seconds." I say. "You guys just don't know how to coordinate to stay separate and behind cover."

"Bullshit!"

"Say that to my face!"

"Ooh! Burn!"

"If this were real I'd fill you with more holes than a brothel!"

"Hey kid, I sent you a friend invite."

"Suck my balls!"

"Got called out by a squeaker. Damn!"

"Guys chill, they're clearly trolling."

"What? No I can't pause it. It's live, no I can't ask everyone to wait! It's timed!"

I don't think those last two were for me.

"This is normal?" Mom asks.

"Only when they get insecure about being out performed by a little girl." I answer.

"You can play." Mom says and I smile up at her. "But! If I ever hear you talking like, that? Gone."

"Deal!"

"Alright, anyways, I got a call from The Rig. Kid Win finished your hearing aides and Pigot has a few things she wants to talk to me about." Mom says. "I'll be back in an hour or two. You're, technically in charge until Mark gets back. So, behave until then."

"Alright!" I say. "I'll just be here making more grown men cry!"

.

.

-1 hour later-

.

.

I have Kratos in front of me in a large hamster ball. He's mostly been relaxing in place. He's lazy like that. Unless there's food.

He's just all, head empty. No thought. Just munch.

"Where do you live?" He asks. "Tell me right now so I can spank you so hard your mother will call me daddy."

"Eh, I've heard that one." I say. "How about this, you play an FPS like a side scroller."

"That doesn't make any sense!" He shouts back.

"It makes as much sense as your gameplay." I say, happy he took the bait.

"Ooh shit!"

"Damn kid."

"He's out! Burn!"

"Tactical nuke in the lobby!"

(K1ll3rb33st has left the game)

"She nuked him out of existence!"

"All hail ToyFoxy!"

I love this game.

*Rrrrrrrrrmmmmmm*

Another car.

*Chunk*

Oh wait, that's my car!

"Hey guys I gotta go." I say. "My parents are back with my hearing aides and lunch!"

"Hearing aides?"

"We playing against a deaf kid or something?"

"I think they're joshing."

I don't hear anymore as I exit the lobby and turn off the game.

I'm racking up a massive rep. With four hundred plus kills and only twenty five deaths! KDR isn't really a feature yet. But you can check your stats on your profile! I have little to do while grounded and Amy's away.

Who would've thought getting adopted, kinda not really it still counts shut up fuck you, would limit my independence. Kenta was right. I've gone soft, and quite frankly.

I don't care.

I wait at the door as Mom and Dad talk. I can smell the Hardees! Ooh! Mushroom swiss angus burger! You will soon be mine!

The door opens to reveal Mom and I do my standard greeting of glomping onto her.

"Mommy!" I shout as I look up at her.

I'm still at her stomach in height. Biologically thirteen and still four feet tall. I think it's about time I accept that I'm doomed to be short.

"Hey there sweetheart." She says as she rubs my head.

'Yeeeess~' I think happily. 'Obey the cute, pamper your master with head pats and scratchies!"

"Alright." She says as she pats my back. "Go on."

I raise my arms up, expecting the usual.

"Aren't you getting a little old to be carried all the time?" She asks tiredly.

"Never." I say with a serious face.

"Well, I'm getting too old to carry little girls." She says as she hands me a box. "Here're your hearing aides."

"Ooh!" I say as I take them.

Can't wait to no longer be woken up by the neighbors! Or to Mom farting in the middle of the night.

"They don't have any hidden traps in them, do they?" I ask.

I mean, if they do then Wade will just find them when I pair them to my phone.

"If you ever go AWOL, they'll turn off, clamp down, and activate a tracker in them." Mom says. "Now scooch, you're blocking the door and I'm not paying to air condition the yard."

'You really are old.' I think to myself.

I step aside as Mom walks past. And step in front of Dad and hold my arms up.

"Didn't your mother just say you were too old?" He asks.

"Clearly you weren't paying attention." I say haughtily. "She said she was too old. I'm still a delicate flower, yet to blossom, and far from withering. Now carry me!"

He chuckles and rolls his eyes as he comes down to scoop me up with one arm. The other holding the Hardee's bag. And he holds me at his hip.

"There, that's more like it." I say. "This is a man who knows how to treat a lady!" I call back to Mom.

"Trust me, I know!" Mom says, teasingly? As she walks into the hall.

I stay here for a second as Dad closes the door and follows after Mom.

"Was that a sex joke?" I ask him.

"I'unno, maybe." He shrugs.

I hear a soft krrr as we walk. Looking back I see Kratos is following us!

'Aww, does the wittle guy want his mommy?' I coo in my head.

"Also, Kitsu." Mom says as we pass my room. "I have a few papers I need you to sign. NDA's and a few other things."

"I refuse to sign anything without my lawyer present." I say seriously.

She turns around and cocks an eyebrow at me.

"I am your lawyer." She says.

"My lawyer and my mother?" I say cheekily. "Isn't that a conflict of interests?"

"No." She says as she turns back around and walks into the kitchen. "A conflict of interests would be if I was your mother and your prosecutor."

"Aren't you?" I ask. "You did sentence me to a month of house arrest barring certain circumstances."

"No, that just makes me your mother." She says.

I smile at her.

"What?" She asks.

"You just admitted you're my mother." I point out.

"No I didn't." She says.

"Yes you did!" I give out in a sing song voice.

"Your singing lessons are working out." She says.

"Thank you!" I say. "You still called me your daughter."

"Mark-"

"I'm not here." He says, cutting her off. "I'm in the nothing box."

"Food!" Mom says. "Lets eat, it's getting cold."

Kratos rolls past us and bumps into Mom's leg.

.

.

-Thursday, July 22nd, Brockton Circuit Court, 11:30am-

.

.

Judge Alexander Blake POV

.

"And three failure to attends, one in Michigan for a speeding violation from nineteen ninety five, one in Tennessee for another speeding violation in two thousand, and one in California for public intoxication, of an illegal substance." I read off. "Considering these charges and their subsequent failures to be addressed, as well as the nature of the allegations and evidence already presented, I am hereby posting no bond for one Max Gregory Anders. Deeming him a flight risk and immediate threat to those around him."

"What!?" Said defendant roars. "That's absurd! You can't do that!"

"You'll find sir, that I can. And I just did." I calmly say as I hand the papers off to be categorized and processed. "Next!"

The defendant gets red in the face. Before schooling himself. Content to merely glare at me.

"Very well, once this whole circus side show is done and over with I'll ha-"

"What is he still doing here?" I ask his escort. "I said next."

He screams at me as he's escorted out of the room. And the next defendant requesting bail steps up.

My decision was based on numerous factors. His wealth and connections meant he'd easily be able to hide and clear any and all further evidence. To say nothing of the fact that I could post the highest bail possible and he'd toss what is essentially pocket change at me. There's also his sons and daughter to consider. If he got out, who'll protect them? He's clearly not above striking a fourteen year old amputee. Who's to say he won't strike a toddler? Who's to say he hasn't already?

It was with that, that I posted no bail.

After all, the cries of a mother in fear for her child, with a check containing six zeroes, can be so heart wrenching.

Besides, who's going to call bullshit? The guys kids all show classic signs of abuse in their behavior. And the video of him backhanding his recently amputee'd son? Yeah, I doubt many people are willing to call me out on my ruling.

I assure you, my decision was unbiased, made of sound mind, and pure intentions.

.

.

-1 hour later-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"And we just got an update." The lady on the TV says. "Max Anders has been deemed enough of a flight risk due to wealth, connections, and three FTA's that he has been denied bail."

"Good." Her co-host says. "Keep him away from the kids."

I look back to Mom on the couch.

"What's FTA?" I ask.

"Failure To Attend. It's when someone doesn't show up to court." She says as she reaches for the remote and turns the TV off. "Alright, looks like we need to prepare. I'll call Pigot."

.

.

-Meanwhile, Fortress Constructions Bunker-

.

.

Thomas "Coil" Calvert POV

.

-Timeline 1-

"You piece of shit!" Lisa cries after I break her nose. "You promised! I swear! I don't know anything!"

Tied down and naked, her face bloodied and bruised purple. One eye swollen shut, the other red from tears. I've already had my way with her during this little, interrogation. She is quite the beauty. And with a soft, supple, athletic body.

Putting a bitch in her place will never grow old.

"Maybe." I say as I bring my hand to cup her jaw, she flinches in fear and anticipation of more pain. "But I feel like there's something you're hiding from me."

I snap my fingers.

My men come in carrying a chair with a girl in it. Naked save for the bag over her face.

"Perhaps I'm not using the right, tools." I say as I leave her and walk to the other girl.

"No, no, NO!" Lisa starts crying, desperately trying to break out of her binds. "Coil! Coil please! Anything! I'll do anything!"

I take off the bag to reveal a drugged Reiko. Eyes unfocused as the narcotics run through her system.

"Maybe." I say as I step around the chair to face Lisa, holding Reiko's face towards her. "But I think I should show you I'm serious. Besides, unlike you, she's already used to this. So, why would I take you over her? She has more experience. What do you have to offer, that she doesn't?"

I run my other hand along the young girls body, coming up to cup and grope her breast. Oh? She's crying. Odd, she shouldn't be aware enough for that.

Next throwaway I'll need to up the dose.

"I know you're Thomas Calvert!" She cries out.

I drop my hands from the fourteen year old and stand up. Using my foot to kick her out of my way. Her chair falling over with a clatter as I march towards Lisa.

"So you lied to me?" I say as grab her jaw. "What else have you lied to me about? Hmm?"

"Tha-that's it." She weeps. "I swear. Please, please just, just stop."

This, this is true power. Holding the life and wellbeing of another in your hands. To have them beg for mercy.

"Hmm, no." I say as I throw a punch to her stomach. "We're going to have, so much fun."

.

.

-Timeline 2-

.

"You wanted to talk boss?" Lisa says over the laptop.

I close the other timeline. I got what I wanted.

Lisa figured out my identity. And Kitsu is an active blindspot to her power. She can't think about her, or around her. It's like her agent doesn't want to acknowledge that Kitsu is real.

"Just wanted to hear a report on how the team's doing." I say calmly. "How has DJ been fitting in? Are their any hiccups? Should I be on the lookout for someone new?"

"Nah, he's been fitting in well enough." Lisa says.

I open another timeline as a precaution.

In the new one, I end the conversation there and head to the other side of the base. My backup office.

I'm still stuck inside my bunker. And it's rapidly limiting my movements.

It's time I start getting, drastic.

.

.

-Friday, July 23rd, The Rig, 10am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Sitting in a large room with a war map of Brockton Bay. Most of the Wards and PRT are here. As well as a few others, squad leaders and the like. It's a large rectangular map table, thing, With Pigot at the head, Miss Militia to her right, Armsmaster to Miss Militia's right, Dauntless to Pigot's left, Assault to his left. A few of the Wards, including Vergil at the bottom right, me at the top left to keep us separate, Dennis next to him, and Carlos next to him. New Wave is here too. Mom, Sarah, Neil, Crystal, Gully, Firebreather.

The rest of the heroes of Brockton bay aren't here.

"We will now get this meeting under way." Pigot says. "The topic of the meeting is an impending power struggle about to take place in Brockton Bay. The source of this power struggle, is the absence of Kaiser to control the Empire. With a lack of clear lineage, we are expecting them to break apart. At which point-"

"Quick question." A PRT Squad leader says as he raises his hand. "What happened to Kaiser? I don't think any of us have heard of anything in relation to him suddenly being out of commission."

"Oh, he's very out of commission." Pigot says. "And when, or if he gets back into commission. We're still expecting him to lose his grip on the Empire."

I'm, so bored.

I zone out as Pigot keeps going around in flowery language. Political speak and techno babble.

'Could've used a Missy here.' I think to myself. 'She'd be able to give me the cliff notes so that I could-'

I jolt as I feel a foot nudge my shin.

"I didn't do it!" I say automatically as I'm snapped from my thoughts.

Everyone is staring at me. And Mom brings a hand to her face as she shakes her head.

"What?" I ask as I look around the room.

"Please, try to pay attention." Pigot says.

"Oh, I did." I say. "I just failed. What's going on?"

"We we're asking you about the members of the Empire." Miss Militia says.

"Oh, what do you want to know? Names? Powers? Regrets? Trigger events?" I list off.

"Just, powers, for now." Pigot says.

"Which one?" I ask again.

"What gives her any authority on this?" Dauntless asks in a questioning tone.

"She's a level seven Thinker." Pigot says for me. "Any secrets you have, assume them to not be a secret to her."

"Alright." He says with a shrug.

"Start with Purity." Pigot says as she turns to me.

"Kaiser's wife, has a kid with him. She works as a-"

"Just, her powers." Pigot stops me. "We're not trying to break any unwritten rules here."

'A bit stupid if you ask me.' I think to myself. 'But alright.'

"Purity is not a striker, blaster, or any of that." I say. "She's a Breaker. She absorbs and stores light. Heck, she doesn't even wear a costume. Catch her on a cloudy week and she's screwed."

Several of the PRT guys are typing into computers. Likely cataloguing my info.

"And that validates her being here." Pigot turns to Armsmaster.

'Oh?' I think mischievously. 'Did the tin man back sass me when I wasn't paying attention?'

"Now, Stormfront." Pigot says.

"A bit more vague." I say honestly. "Mix Crystal and Static Shock and you get Stormfront. She's got the basic Alexandria package with the added lightning special effects."

"Any weaknesses?" Pigot asks.

"She's not invincible, just extra tough. And she can't keep up the lightning. She's gotta recharge it." I say.

"Alright, Hookwolf?" She asks.

"Hookwolf has Endbringer biology. He has a core that, so long as that's in tact, he'll recover." I say evenly.

*Crack*

*Shatter*

"What?!/Endbringer Biology?!/Bullshit!/Explain." I hear multiple people say at once.

"Quiet." Pigot says sternly.

The multitude of individuals who stood up, all slowly and gingerly sit back down.

"Now, not to get off topic. But-" Pigot says as she turns to look at me. "Endbringer biology? Explain."

'Oh, fuck me sideways.' I think with a deepening sense of horror. 'Did I fuck up?'

"Um, their core." I say. "You know, the thing that, keeps them going? Regenerates them, acts as a giant Corona Gemma? It's the reason I targeted Behemoth's head? Did none of you know about this?"

"No, none of us know this." Pigot says. "So Behemoth's core, is in his head?"

"No it's in his neck." I clarify. "If you expose the core then the Endbringers retreat to recover."

"If Behemoth's core is in his neck, then why didn't you target that!?" Vergil says as he stands up.

"That's because killing-Mmmrph." I throw my hands over my mouth.

I've said too much. If this line of questioning continues it could lead to Cauldron and no one wants that on their hands.

As well as the existential crisis of their being nearly thirty Endbringers and only three are currently active.

"So targeting their core will kill them?" Armsmaster asks.

"You don't want to do that!" I say. "For one you'd need a nuke just to scratch them and the resulting force from cracking the core will level a city at least!"

This is getting out of hand!

"How can you be so sure?" He challenges. "You've admitted that your own knowledge is shaky, and that it can be unreliable and that we should only take information from you as suggestions, not facts."

"Exactly, and better safe than sorry." I say. "Back to the subject at hand!"

"I think we should contin-" Aegis starts.

"She said she's done!" Mom snaps. "Director Pigot, can we please get back on track?"

Pigot stares impassively at me for a bit longer.

"Cricket?"

Oh thank god!

.

.

-3 hours later-

.

.

"And with that we've come to an agreed plan of action." Pigot says. "You all know what you need to do, dismissed."

Basically everyone has roles when the fighting starts out. Though we're taking steps to minimize that. Patrols centered around Empire territory being the chief preventative measure.

The presence of law enforcement, does more to lower crime than anything else.

Oh! And I'm the catch all. Basically I'm so versatile, that I'm search and rescue, frontline tank, frontline blitz, support, and utility.

Everyone gets up and slowly files out. With Vergil shooting me one last dirty look before Dennis nudges him to keep moving.

I get up to leave-

"Not you." Pigot says.

"She doesn't listen to you." Mom says as the others in New Wave stop to see what's going on.

"I'm well aware." Pigot says. "If she did, then there wouldn't be any criminal capes left in this city. But that's neither here nor there. I'd like to discuss what you know about the Endbringers more. If what you-"

"No." I say automatically, cutting her off.

"May I at least have a reason?" She says, as though she expected me to say no.

"Multiversal politics and I genuinely feel you won't believe me." I say as I turn to leave. "That and saying the stuff I know out loud, could get people killed."

With that. I leave. After awkwardly squeezing past Gully.

My epic, badass, 'You can't handle the truth' exit. Ruined by my diminutive size.

.

.

Emily Pigot POV

.

I wait a few minutes for the living sonar to leave.

"Armsmaster, is everything she said true?" I ask.

"If you're asking whether or not she lied, then no." He affirms. "Everything she said in regards to the Endbringers, was true. Or at the very least, as true as she believes it."

Now I have another report.

Boundless power, ever growing abilities, from an alternate earth not on record. And now she reveals she knows more about the Endbringers than the rest of humanity combined?

The verification that they can be killed. As difficult as it is. Is such valuable information. And the idea that they have a weak spot. One we just need to find.

But more than that, the look on her face. I've seen that look on more people than I care to admit. It was a look of absolute horror and fear. The look someone gives when life is rapidly crumbling away around you and you're powerless against it. All you can do is futilely fight back and hope, pray that you last long enough for something to change.

I've seen that type of face so often at night. Every time I dream of Elisburg.

Which only begs the question. What could have an immortal, indestructible child, one who has bested an Enbringer in a single hit, fear for her life?

.

.

-Meanwhile, Central Hideout-

.

.

Brad "Hookwolf" Meadows POV

.

"Alright boss, I got you Viktor, Othala, Rune, Fenja, Menja, and Crusader." Cricket says through her vocalizer.

"Perfect, too bad Storm Tiger ain't here." I say as I stand up from my chair and grab my mask. Putting it on and heading into my impromptu board room.

I call it my War room. A pool table turned normal table with swivel chairs around it. A map of the bay on it with pins and threads. Outlining territory.

"Alright then." I say as I take my place at the front of the table. "Thanks fer all of ya coming. I got you all here today to bring you in on the next big thing in this city. In case you didn't know, Kaiser is out."

"What?" Crusader says.

"Fuck. How?" Rune says.

Viktor and Othala give each other a concerned look. But don't voice anything.

Fenja and Menja give no reaction. So they likely knew.

Makes sense they'd know. They're his arm candy. Sugar daddy steps out they'd be some of the first to know.

"So, now that the head honcho is out." I say as I keep their attention. "I was thinking it was time for a new alpha to step up."

"And what?" Fenja says. "You think that'd be you?"

"Don't see why not." I say with a grin under my mask. "Why I gathered you all here. Let you get first pick at the council of the new king."

"Fat chance." Menja says as she and her sister stand up and leave. "Kaiser will hear about this when he gets back."

'Heads up bitches.' I think sourly. 'Kaiser just got put up with no bail.'

I wait for them to leave before continuing.

"Anyone else wanna bail?" I challenge.

"I'd rather hear what you have to say before I make any decisions." Crusader says.

"Same." Viktor agrees.

"Good." I grin.

.

.

-Saturday, July 24th, Industrial Hideout, 2pm-

.

.

Klara "Stormfront" Risinger POV

.

"Good, nice to see some of you have a fucking spine." I say as I walk around the table of gathered capes. "I'll get to the point. Kaiser is out, and the Empire needs new leadership."

Fenja and Menja get up and leave right away.

"Good. The bimbos where brainless muscle anyway." I say after they leave. "The rest of you at least have some intelligence. So, I already know Hookwolf gave you all a sales pitch on his 'Kingdom of the strong.' But, here's how I see it. America is meant, for us."

I immediately get Crusader's attention with that.

I already have Krieg and Alabaster on my side. Krieg is my liaison to Gesellschaft. Alabaster is a loyal soldier of Krieg. Night and Fog are being ordered to stay with Purity until further notice. Insurance he calls it.

As if I could fail here.

"Too long we've been constrained!" I say. "Kaiser was a decent politician, but what we need is a leader, a general. Like his father was, like his sister would've been! We need someone with ambition to put America, Back on track!"

Rune leaves.

"A cowardly little girl." I spit. "I'll get to the important bits. The Merchants lost Squealer, Skidmark, Porcupine, and Trainwreck. Now Scarecrow brought them up a bit and their new tinker the Mechanic is tricky. But he lost their serial killer and their shaker."

Permafrost was really the only thing keeping any of us from taking the initiative. None of us have any real ability to deal with a walking ice age.

"And Lung won't try anything drastic with the other Endstopper sticking around." I point out.

Kitsu has been to Brockton Bay a total of three times before now, as far as I'm aware. This current stay is her longest. After her first stay where she got into a scuffle with Lung and threw him into the bay, from halfway across the city, people learned to lay low when she comes around. No one wants to piss off the Endstopper.

Both logically, and practically. She's a capricious little dyke. And is known to do things 'Just because.'

Hell, if it weren't for her preferences, she would be the ideal. The perfect example of everything we hold in esteem. That the Aryan race is superior to others.

A shame she's a corrupted freak. She could've been something greater.

"Faultline's charity for the abominations is out of town. Coil's gone to ground. And The Undersiders have lost their main muscle and transport. There is no better time than now to establish a foothold! I've already got a few things in the works-"

"Real quick, what do you plan to do about the freak?" Crusader asks.

"Which freak?" I ask in return.

"The fox." He clarifies.

"Easy, I'm uniquely suited to tackling her." I say with a smug smile. "Every time she's tried to enter this area, I've confronted her and drove her off. We all know most things just, don't phase her. Punch her? She laughs. Burn her? She's more concerned about her clothes. Shoot her? She ignores you. Stab her? If shooting doesn't do anything. What makes you think stabbing will?" I list off as I walk around the table. "But! One thing that works against her, something that few capes have, is a targeted, weakness."

Capes with a targeted weakness can be the single most problematic capes to deal with. End of sentence.

They are usually high ranking. And show a strong resistance to all forms of damage, save a few. But those few? Really hurt!

I come up behind Crusader, put a hand on his shoulder, and lean over to speak.

"Her weakness, is electricity." I say as I hold up my other hand and let it crackle. "Stick with me? And you won't have to fear her."

I stand back up and walk to the front.

"Like I was saying, I have a few things in the works. I'm working on reestablishing the natural order. The others have their places, the blacks, jews, spics, and chinks. They've just forgotten it." I continue. "I'm not letting you in on any of the finer details, until I know you're on my side. But, let me just say, I won't be content with just being some gang sharing a city four to five ways with some change. I'm making an empire. Who's with me?"

.

.

-The Towers, 5pm-

.

.

Kayden "Purity" Anders POV

.

"And Stormfront is also making her own group." Fenja says.

"Great." I sigh as I set Aster down in her crib.

"Is, is the footage real?" Menja asks hesitantly.

"True enough that I can't deny it." I say. "But it's not the whole truth. Edward had figured out Max is Kaiser, all on his own. And was trying to extort him for it."

This line of dialogue is mostly rehearsed. Edward knows Fenja and Menja's loyalty is strictly to Kaiser, and that challenging their image of him will push them away. So, stick with a simple lie. One that will keep them around, and is easy to remember.

"And he still lives here?" Fenja asks.

"If I could kick him out, I would." I say softly as I lean back on the crib. "But Theodore and Alphonse don't know, they're good kids and I don't need them asking questions. To say nothing of how the public would go nuts and hang me for kicking a fourteen year old amputee onto the streets after his father was jailed for abusing him."

Ed inherited his fathers brain. And he's come up with quite a few contingencies. Right now? Keep him out of sight while he runs the logistics. I don't have a head for numbers, but he does.

"We'll just keep the main parts of the Empire running. The important parts." I say as I push off the crib. "We have Night and Fog, they're good muscle and refuse to abandon the Empire for any splinter groups. Then there's you two, who else?"

"Rune, she refuses to join Hookwolf or Stormfront." Fenja says.

'That's good! Maybe I can still set her up with Theo or Alphonse?' I think to myself. 'Max tried setting her up with Edward, but that went south faster than an inverted compass.'

"Too radical for her." Menja adds. "She doesn't trust that Stormfront or Hookwolf have what it takes to be actual leaders."

"Just a pack dog and a warmonger." Fenja finishes.

'She knows that going with Hookwolf or Stormfront will get her killed.' I realize.

"And the others?" I ask.

"Othala follows Viktor." Fenja says. "And we don't know what he's decided."

"Krieg is with Stormfront, and Alabaster follows Krieg's orders." Menja adds. "And I think it's safe to say Crusader is joining Stormfront. Cricket, Hookwolf."

"That one's not surprising." I roll my eyes. "So Gesellschaft is casting its net wide amongst us and Stormfront. Is there any chance we can get Night or Fog to act as a go between for us? Call in a favor or two?"

"Not a chance." Menja says. "We're allied yes, but we don't have anything they'd want."

"That, and neither Night or Fog have any leeway with the group." Fenja adds. "They're soldiers, nothing more."

"Mrm." I grumble in frustration. "Does Rune have connections with the Herren clan still?"

"A few, you'd have to ask her though." Fenja confirms.

"Okay, don't let me forget about that." I say as we walk out of the room. "Our main goal is to hold as much of the Empire together until Max gets back. And if we can, reunify as much as we can before he does. Might need to call a meeting at Captains Hill. If for nothing else than to postpone any actual fighting or splintering as much as possible."

I turn off the light as I glance back at my baby girl. All this is for her. I'll manipulate and strike up as many devil's deals if it means her future happiness is secure.

"Sweet dreams my little snowflake."

.

.

-Sunday, July 25th, Dallon House, 11am-

.

.

"I'm just saying." I tell Missy. "There's a lot of inspiration you can gain from media!"

"Kitsu, we're watching a show about a hundred year old boy going on a journey riding a flying six legged cow." She says.

"Okay, you ever disrespect Avatar like that again and they'll have to blare the Endbringer sirens." I say seriously as I play the first episode from my recordings list.

"Did you just threaten me!?" She snaps.

"No, I threatened the city." I say evenly.

I've noticed that the more, peaceful our lives get. The more capes start acting up. Taking offense to smaller things, misinterpreting words and actions. Jumping to conclusions.

The only thing I can do, is not take it seriously. And try to mitigate any offenses.

My efforts are actively being sabotaged by the shard network. And there is nothing I can do about it.

I haven't been idle. I've been racking my brain for a solution. Kill an Endbringer? More pop up and they adjust their strategies. Kill Scion? As, hard as that is. And the network will start running unchecked. Any shards that don't have a close bond with their users will start going AWOL and doing their own thing. Titans, broken triggers, that sort of thing.

Honestly? I'm, I'm struggling to find a solution. Best I can come up with is convincing Scion to not go murder hobo. Which, the only thing I have that could convince him to do anything I suggest. Is the [Answer].

"Argh!" I wince as I get small and quick head ache.

"Are you okay?" Missy asks, snapping out of her brief offense.

"Yeah, just a little headache." I say.

[Conduit] does that anytime there are active shards nearby and they want me to know they disagree with something I'm thinking.

It's nothing major, just like a quick, half second brain freeze. A mental kick in the shin. We worked out a way of communication that doesn't require a direct connection. If they agree, they send a jolt of heat to my head.

[Conduit]'s first idea was a spike of pain for disagreement, and a spike of pleasure for agreement. They were making a basic association clause. And I had to talk them out of it. Me wincing in public is one thing, I can play that off as a headache. But me moaning, seemingly at random? Um, no.

[Conduit] is disguising itself as a dying [Thinker] shard that's struggling to stay alive. And to other shards, when [Conduit] does that whole, mental spike, it looks like they're trying to enforce their conflict drive. And failing.

It actually works to briefly distract other shards. Cutting their influence for a brief moment.

Makes other shards go sort of like, 'Okay and now we carry the two, factor for the unknown variable of X while putt- What was that!? Oh, just you. Now, where was I?' kind of thing.

[Conduit] doesn't do it a lot. Just when I'm considering something they really don't agree with, or really do agree with. And if they need to tell me something important? They'll persist and give me a minor headache. Which gives me a reason to step away from others.

"Still, I don't like you threatening violence over a disagreement." Missy says.

I press play and look to her. Staring at her emerald eyes as she slowly gains more of a blush the longer I do so.

"W-what?" She stutters.

"You're so mature." I say with a smile.

"R-really?" She blushes and looks away with a smile. "Um, thank you. "You um, you have pretty eyes."

"Adorable." Dad mumbles from the couch.

"No comments from the peanut gallery!" I turn to him and yell.

He's laying on his side and eating chips.

"And I thought we weren't allowed to eat chips on the couch!" I point out.

"Do as I say, not as I do." He says. "You're missing your show."

'Crap!' I turn back to the TV.

"This talk isn't over!" I say as I focus on the TV.

.

.

"So what am I learning?" Missy asks.

"You can totally bend the elements!" I say excitedly as we're on episode three.

"Not really?" She says skeptically. "I can bend things. But I can't move anything. Like, those water whips, and stuff. I can't do that."

"You can turn the spatial orientation of something around. Flipping gravity in one spot and move stuff that way." I point out. "Like, take a car and flip the gravity around it sideways aimed at a villain. Same with water. Get someone to pop a hydrant and move the gravity around to make your own water cannon. And, here's a big one, fire, is inorganic."

"That's all well and good, but it's not like they allow me to just carry around a flamethrower. They won't even let me use a baton!" She says.

I hold up my hand, and ignite.

"Oh, um, since when could you do that?" She ask.

"A while now." I shrug as I stop the enhancement. "Just never really needed it."

"Oh, cool?"

*Ring*

"Oh what now?" I say as I dig my phone out of my pocket.

It's Amy.

"PanPan!" I shout excitedly. "Need a ride?"

"Stop, calling me-"

"You called me." I cut her off.

…

…

"Hello?" I ask.

"There's a guy her for you." She says. "Wants you to fix his girlfriend. She's in Asylum East, says you know her?"

"Huh?"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

Emergency Response Classes for Capes

.

.

Class 1- unpowered, local law enforcement sufficient, PRT capes and affiliated heroes unnecessary but are allowed to assist if available and in the area.

Class 2- unpowered, local law enforcement deemed sufficient, minor PRT capes and affiliated hero's assistance may be requested.

Class 3- powered, local law enforcement deemed sufficient with PRT cape's and affiliated hero's assistance heavily advised.

Class 4- powered, limited local law enforcement sufficiency, PRT cape's and affiliated hero's assistance required.

Class 5- powered, local law enforcement deemed insufficient to handle alone, PRT cape's and affiliated hero's intervention required to handle immediate concern. Collateral is expected.

Class 6- local law enforcement is to prioritize evacuation and rescue, PRT cape's and affiliated hero's intervention is to take primary role in mitigating crisis. Collateral is expected.

Class 7- local law enforcement is to leave the area, PRT jurisdiction imposed. Collateral guaranteed. Aversion of immediate crisis in to be prioritized.

Class 8- PRT is given full authority, PRT cape's and affiliated hero's are to follow all delegated protocols. Collateral guaranteed. Casualties expected. Aversion of immediate crisis is to be prioritized.

Class 9- local PRT response deemed insufficient, outside PRT assistance is requested. Collateral guaranteed. Casualties expected. Aversion of immediate crisis is to be prioritized.

Class 10- local PRT is deemed insufficient, outside PRT assistance is required. Collateral guaranteed. Casualties guaranteed. Lessening loss of life to be prioritized.

Class 11- PRT protocol is deemed insufficient, PRT capes and affiliated heroes are to prioritize civilian evacuation and minimization of collateral. Primary goal becomes lessening the loss of life.

Class 12- PRT is deemed wholy ineffective, Enbringer treaty enacted, all capes regardless of affiliation are requested to assist in mitigating crisis

.

.

Bonus 2

The splinter groups

.

.

Hookwolf's group- Fenrir's Chosen

Cricket- Loyalty to Hookwolf.

Othala- following her husband.

Viktor- Believes Hookwolf is right about needing to build a kingdom of the strong.

.

Current territory- Central, Commercial, Winslow, Communications

.

Purity's group- God's Hand

Fenja- staying out of loyalty to Kaiser.

Menja- staying out of loyalty to Kaiser

Night- Brainwashed, Purity is Kaiser's wife, Kaiser is gone, Purity is leader.

Fog- Brainwashed, Purity is Kaiser's wife, Kaiser is gone, Purity is leader.

Rune- Desperate and unwilling to admit she's in over her head. Stuck with the easiest and least radical group.

The Philosopher- true leader of the group

.

Current Territory- City Hall, Fortress Constructions, Old Blood, Airport, Central Hospital

.

Stormfront's group- The Aryan Empire

Krieg- Believes Stormfront has what it takes to push the empire to greater heights.

Crusader- Believes Stormfront is right about how things should be.

Alabaster- Member of Krieg's group, following orders.

.

Current Territory-

North Industrial, South Industrial, New Industrial, Medhal Campus, Immaculata

.

.

.

Bonus 3

.

.

FUTURE GOOD ENDING

(Non-canon)

.

.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Okay, seriously what the fuck guys." I say to my chat. "Why you coming after my girl like that?"

Lately I've been getting a lot of messages from fans saying I can do better than Missy. And it's pissing me off!

The chats scroll through with answers until I get a super chat.

(You are hotter more powerful funnier and make more money) – Bur407gr

"Hotter? Debatable. More powerful? Agreed, but that is so superficial. Same with hotter! Funnier? You guys haven't met her. More money?" I list off. "So!? How does any of that invalidate my choice of a partner!?"

(You are also more talented than her) – Gorbyg00ber261

"Okay, that's it." I say as I push back and stand up out of my chair. "BABY! BABE, GET DOWN HERE!"

I walk out of the basement to go get my wife.

.

.

-20 minutes later-

.

.

I step back into the camera view with Missy. She's in her house clothes. Which consists of loose jammies, slippers, and a band tee.

"Let's go through this." I say as I see her cross her arms and roll her eyes in the camera.

She's used to me pulling stunts like this. And according to her, I've done way worse when drunk.

"Hotter? Just cause I've got bigger tits and a fatter ass means I'm hotter?"

I illusion a pointer stick and start gesturing to her.

"These lips? More full than mine, these are prime kissing lips. There is reason I call her my Kissy Missy." She starts blushing. "These eyes? Such a gorgeous shade of green. I got my wedding ring set with jewels made from emeralds that remind me of her eyes."

I pull up her shirt and show off her abs.

"This tummy? Perfect! Amazing. Perfect for laying on with the right amount of firm muscle for support and soft girl tummy for comfort. This tummy may be on her person. But it's my tummy." I go to her arms. "Same deal! Strong, firm, soft. These arms are all the blanket I need at night. Thighs!"

I grab the back of her jammies and tug them back to show the definition. And Missy blushes further.

I know I'm pushing it. But I need to put these simps in their place!

"These thighs? Crush me mommy. Please! And if I get started on her legs as a whole, I'll need to put this stream behind a paywall!" I say seriously. "I may be curvier and have a cuter face. But that's it. If I'm a snack, she's a full course meal with a glass of wine at a five star restaurant."

I illusion an outline around Missy.

"Okay, now that we got that out of the way." I say as move Missy to sit in the chair and take my place in her lap. "We can move to the important things! First off. Best chair, obviously. Money? So fucking what? If it weren't for her, I'd be blowing my money on everything. She keeps me in check. You see how I act on stream? That's not fake. I'm naturally that hyper and loud. I'm so kookoo for cocoa puffs that they removed me from auditioning for the mascot because they were afraid I'd kill the kids over the cereal. My own mother can't stand me for more than an hour at a time. And she puts up with me for days at a time. Power? So? How many people can say they've had a date in Venice, London, Honolulu, and Barcelona all in the same afternoon? Talent? Fuck off! You haven't met her!"

I can feel Missy hiding her face in my hair. Squealing and giggling. And I'm honestly loving it!

"And she's one of the sweetest people ever!" I continue. "I'll come home to a cleaned house and a dinner table set with candles and flowers every other day, just because. I'll mention I'm hungry, and half an hour later I'll have a pizza from Rome to cheer me up. I'm sad? She'll coddle me until I don't even remember what got me sad. Sometimes I'll pretend to be sad just to get her to coddle me! And she stands up for herself. If something happens, she's my rock. And after everything we've been through together? I don't want anyone else! She's mine! I don't need another! I may be an S-Class with a networth higher than the GDP of some countries, but I'd cut my tail off for this girl!"

My chat is going haywire! And I've ignored the last seven super chats.

"You know what? Stream's over." I say. "I'm spending the rest of the day with my perfect wife!" I say as Missy wraps her arms around me. "The rest of you can cry as you wish you could dream of a girl half as good as mine!"

And I end the stream.

"Kitsu." Missy says quietly.

"Yes?" I ask as I turn to look at her.

"So, you know that part where you were showing off my thighs?" She says as she brings her hands up to hold my waist.

'Wait? Is she?' I think with anticipation.

"Yes~" I sing out.

"Well, about that line, crush me mommy, please." She whispers into my ears as holds me tighter.

'She is!' I think excitedly.

"What about it?" I ask as I lean back and wiggle into her embrace. Bringing my tail to rest in my lap, right over her arms.

"You know your mom watches your videos right?" She says in a deadpan voice as she drops all sultriness.

…

"Huh?"

.

.

-Meanwhile, Dallon House-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

I set my reading glasses down and close the laptop as I massage my eyes.

"I mean at least-" Mark starts.

"Don't." I say through my hands. "Just, don't."

Got my oldest daughter chasing an old flame they fucked up with and can't move on from. And now I learn my youngest calls her wife Mommy.

I really hope that last one was a joke and Kitsu was just being her goofy, extra, self. Otherwise I might need to go back to therapy.

At least Amy turned out normal.

.

.

.

.

So, I can't look my mother in the eyes for at least a month now.

And somehow, despite me insulting my chat. My subscriber count shot up by almost a hundred thousand by the end of the day.

Oh!

And people are making meme's and shirts with Missy on them saying "Best Chair"

…

My fans are weird.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

.

Kitsu calling Missy, Mommy, was just her being extra. She doesn't seriously call her that.

.

Holy shit! That Coil bit was uncomfortable to write.

.

I shouldn't have to say it, but I will. The views and opinions of all characters in this fanfic are not reflective of my own.

Except for Kitsu's opinion on Avatar.

.

.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

.

FOR KITSU!

RadChaos897: Have you ever thought about bio Tinkering with wheat, tomatoes, cows, and whatever other ingredients go into making a cheese pizza? I bet you could make the Ultimate Cheese Pizza.

Kitsu: That, does not sound appealing.

RadChaos897: Would you bring back animals that have been hunted into extinction? I'm sure you could with the help of Amy and a few examples of the extinct animal, like horns, pelts, teeth, or bones. What about critically endangered animals like pandas?

Kitsu: Panda's can die out! They are so inefficient at living, they go into heat for two days and are just as picky about their partners as humans. If they have more than one kid at once they'll abandon the other to die. And most panda cubs die because their mother forgets they exist, and sits on them. They have a digestive system meant for meat! But lost the gene that codes for the taste buds that taste meat so they eat bamboo. Which they can't even fully digest! And as such they eat sixteen hours a day.

They exist, purely because we find them cute!

As for animals to bring back? The Great Auk would be a good start.

RadChaos897: Would you willingly cause an animal to go extinct? There is actually a topic being debated by people, including scientists and government officials, on whether or not we as humanity should make mosquitoes go extinct by creating and releasing a CRISPR virus that will make them unable to have offspring. I'll also make this a double question for you and Newb, what do you think about the talks of making mosquitoes go extinct? Should we? Should we not? That is the question.

Kitsu: Panda. They had their time.

Newb: Mosquitoes are actually very important pollinators. More so than a lot of bees. And not only that, those pesky diseases they carry? Do a lot to keep invasive species at bay. Removing mosquitoes entirely could cause irreparable damage to all ecosystems.

Other than that? Wild house cats. They're a menace. If you have a cat. Don't let it outside. Hell, environmental protections actively tell people to stop feeding wild cats. It's not helping the environment. It's hurting it. And some will recommend you kill any wild house cats you find. They're that bad.

I'm not saying kill all house cats. But the ones that are allowed out? DESTROY ecosystems.

Just look up how many species went extinct because of the domestic cat.

Kitsu: Ya done?

Newb: For now.

.

.

FOR ONE TIME ONLY!

PINKY!

RadChaos897: How potent can you make the acid slime you produce? Can it melt through common materials like stone and metal? Can you make your acid affect only certain things like organic and inorganic matter? What about living and non-living things?

Pinky: Um, I'm not so good with the sciency stuff. But, I can make acid that acts as a lather, a strong acid, a lubricant, and I can make oil stuffs that don't mix into water. And if I really try I can make acid strong enough to melt the acid resistant plastics.

RadChaos897: How much of your acidic slime can you produce at a time? Can you fire it from your hands? If so then how powerful can you shoot your acid?

Pinky: I can produce a steady amount. I can't shoot it. It basically sweats off of me, just more so. If I try I could fill a tub in a few minutes.

RadChaos897: What is the most creative thing you can do with your powers?

Pinky: Make myself extra limber and slippery. Slide out of holds and then make the acid fast oxidizing so that it dries out and gives me better grips.

RadChaos897: Have you made contact with a certain Snail named Gregor? I bet he can give you some tips and tricks, since you and him have similar powers. Possibly Newter too, but his slime is much more different than yours.

Pinky: Are those some of the people that bus driver was accusing us of being?

RadChaos897: Since you and Eric stream together, what have been some memorable moments the two of you had? What were some of your favorite games you played? Were there any chatters who posted cringe or lewd comments that you pointed out? Did you ban them?

Pinky: We were once playing a match in Battlefield hardcore mode. And Eric was about to get the last kill. But I sneezed and accidentally shot him. Losing us the match. I was struggling not to laugh awkwardly as he slowly turned his head to look at me disapprovingly.

And I got, A LOT of cringey and lewd comments. So much that we've had to ban several words in chat.

Worst one, was someone saying they'd "Like some cotton candy in their mouth." Referring to me, and Eric!

RadChaos897: I wonder if you could get hired by Parian as a model? You do have the figure for it. Plus it will give you the chance to see if she can make you some acid slime proof clothes.

Pinky: The problem with that is, well. I'm too filled out. When it comes to clothes modeling, people want models that can be physically related to. People who are generically attractive, but not too exceptional in any way. And I'm not very, physically relatable.

Kitsu gets offers because she's exceptionally cute, and has somewhat realistic proportions. They don't want her modeling for the clothes. They want her to draw the attention of onlookers.

Meanwhile I'm a frizzy haired pinky girl with black and gold eyes. And I'm fourteen year old with a D-Cup. Not very, generically attractive.

Casanova5424: If you started a streamer advertised business aside from typical merch like clothes, what would it be.

Pinky: I think a line of soda's and energy drinks would be cool.

.

.

NEXT TIME!

GULLY!

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.

Find me in newb's-grotto at the discord where I hold votes towards my stories!

.

Link to the discord: discord. gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, macdjord and 136 others
Newb to the game
Jul 1, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 56 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#450
A/N From Silly to Serious

Alt title: Very serious

.

A bit of a silly slice of life mixed with the plot.

.

Saw the Avatar Netflix series!

Newb Review: It's not, bad. The casting, choreograph, story and scene direction are good. Everything is beautiful. Casting, again, perfect.

But.

They toned Sokka's character down, he no longer has his character growth of getting over his sexism because here he isn't sexist.

Sokka's sexism was so important to his character. It's there because he grew up in an archaic tribal setting. One where his dad left for war when he was young, his mother died when he was even younger. And he was the only "Man" in the village.

It left him with an exaggerated, inaccurate view of society and gender roles. Tying his view of masculinity to that of leadership and machoism. It's only when Suki humbles the sexist out of him, that he sees his view was, not the best. And he changes, of his own accord. That's what makes his character so great. He's not above admitting to being wrong. Something that, a lot of people could benefit from learning.

Aang isn't childish, playful, and free spirited. He accepts his role as Avatar almost immediately at the end of episode 1.

Which he does at the end of season 1. Season one Aang is him desperately trying to not be the Avatar and just be a kid. He's in denial. It's only when he sees how bad the world has gotten, and the full siege and murder of the moon spirit is what pushes him to accept that he is the Avatar and that the world needs him.

Season two is Aang struggling with that. Yes he's accepted that he's the Avatar, but that is a heavy burden and he has yet to fully come to terms with that. He's learning. And there are serious growing pains. He's stepping up. But it's still clear that he doesn't want to.

Season 3 is Aang stepping fully into the role. He's accepted the burden, for better or for worse. Season 3 is Aang finding balance in himself. To balance his own values, with that of the duties placed on him.

The rest is pretty good.

We even get to learn what happened with the infamous 41st Division. Despite them being referenced several times and being part of the whole reason Zuko was banished. We never actually learn what happened to them in the main series.

Definitely a would recommend. Just don't expect it to be a 1 to 1 recreation.

Rant review over! 8/10

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Sunday, July 25th, Dallon House, 11:22am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Huh?" I ask.

"He wants your help, fixing his girlfriend." Amy repeats.

"And you can't?" I ask.

"She's in, Asylum, East." Amy says. "That's a two day trip to, and another two back. That's a day round trip for you. And he says you know her."

"What's her name?" I ask.

…

"Sveta." Amy says.

"Nope! Send him out." I say.

…

"He says you might know her as, G-String Girl?" Amy says tiredly. "Do I want to know?"

Wait, they're real!?

"Oh! I do know them!" I say excitedly. "Is that Weld?"

We're PenPals on PHO. She's funny! Though, I didn't think she was real. She claimed to be a Case 53, but refused to prove it. Did mention a boyfriend named Weld a few times. Who I do recognize. One of the Boston Wards, about to graduate in a year or two actually.

"Depends, is Weld a teenage metal detecting nightmare?" Amy asks.

I was prepared for her to turn out to be some he. At which point they'd be blocked and I'd forget ALL about them!

"Be nicer PanPan!" I scold. "He's a good boy!"

"Fuck off!" She yells. "Can you get over here or not?"

"Um, still grounded." I say with a shrug. "You'll need to talk to Mom."

"Fuck I forgot about that." She says under her breath. "Later."

*Click*

…

"What's up?" Missy asks.

"Just another Case Fifty Three." I say as I put my phone away. "Out of town call. Not the best of times y'know?"

"Gotcha." She says with a nod.

I turn back to the TV. Watching as-

!

Me ears be a twitchin!

I turn around and look at Dad.

Dead asleep, softly snoring.

"Missy!" I hiss as I pat her, getting her attention.

"Hmm?" She intones as I point to the man passed out on the couch. "What? He's probably tired."

"Don't you get it?" I whisper.

"Um, no?" She says with a furrowed brow.

I blur out of the room. Rummage through the fridge, find what I'm looking for. And blur back.

With a devious smile, I hold up a can of whipped cream.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"Okay, you recording?" Kitsu asks as she stands over the sleeping form of Mr. Dallon.

Holding my phone up horizontally. I press record and give a thumbs up.

She deftly moves his hand out to the side. Spraying the whipped cream in his hand as she holds back a chuckle. Her cheeks puffing out adorably as she trembles in barely contained laughter.

After she's done with spraying the whipped cream all over his hand. She moves her hips to the side and angles her tail down. Tickling his nose with her tail.

'I mean, use the tool that you got.' I think to myself.

"Rrrm." Mr. Dallon groans.

Kitsu moves down. Partially hiding herself behind the arm of the couch. Only her head from the eyes up being visible.

"Rrm." Mr. Dallon groans as he swings his hand over.

*Splat*

And smacks the whipped cream into Kitsu's face. While using his other hand to scratch his nose.

I almost drop my phone as I struggle not to laugh.

"Nice try kiddo." He says as he gets up and stretches. "But you don't get a decade and a half of heroing experience and not be a light sleeper."

"You got whipped cream in my ears!" She cries as her ears quiver. "Aaaaahaha~ it's so goopy!"

Mr. Dallon just laughs as he stretches while Kitsu curls her fingers in disgust.

Yeah, this is going on PHO.

.

.

-Monday July 26th, Dallon House, 8am-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

My eyes shoot open at the repetitive noise.

"Who is it!?" I yell to the door.

"It's me!" I hear come from the enthusiastic voice of the house's youngest resident.

"Is it important?" I ask as I close my eyes.

"To me!" She says.

Cracking an eye open and looking at the clock on the end table next to my side of the bed, I see it's barely a little past eight.

An hour before I have to get up. Well, I don't have to be up. I set my own hours. But consistency is key in any field.

"Ugh, Mark, can you deal with it?" I ask.

"I want you!" Kitsu says.

"You heard the girl." Mark groans as he turns over.

"Ass." I say as I toss my blanket off.

I walk to my closet and throw on a pair of grey sweats and a loose blue tee. Rubbing the sleep from my eyes as I make my way to the door and open it to reveal the excited little girl. Ears perked and tail wagging up a storm.

She smiles and grabs my hand.

"Come on come on come on!" She repeats excitedly as she drags me through the house to her bioluminescent room.

She has a lot going on in here now. When I said she could do whatever so long as it didn't find its way out of her room. I underestimated just how much she'd do.

The carpet is moss. The bed has blue glowing algae in the seams of the wooded frame. Her dresser is a tree. There are flowers of all kinds in here. Oh, and half of everything glows.

She has a vine growing on her headboard that has little kiwi's. They taste, like chocolate. With Missy asleep under the covers on said bed.

But the item of interest?

The three foot tall tree in the middle of her room. In a pot of course. The tree looks like a plum or peach tree. Well, shaped like one. It has blue green leafs, and vines growing up it's trunk with small purple grapes growing on them. And mangoes growing from some of the leaves. And at the end of each branch is a purple banana.

The edges of the leaves glow pink. Because of course they do. Kitsu is almost incapable of making a plant that doesn't either, glow, smell good, look pretty, or some combination of the three.

Except the devil thorn. No wait, the tip of the thorns glow red.

"What the hell am I looking at?" I ask the girl.

"I'm sooooo glad you asked!" She says as she bounces on the balls of her heels. "You see I was looking up a few things because I was bored and found out that tree grafting is a thing from this online article written by a guy with the username RadChaos897! And so I wanted to do it! But, I didn't want to do any old tree graft, noooo, that's too easy! Any pleb with a chainsaw and some tape can graft trees of similar species. I want something unique! Big! Extravagant!"

I start timing her rant.

.

.

Two minutes and forty three seconds.

"Okay, why are the bananas purple?" I ask. "Is this going to be another dandelion situation?"

"Ugh!" She groans as she throws her head back. "That was one time!"

"Lower your voice young lady." I say sternly.

"Sorry." She says quickly, before regaining her excitement. "Anyway! The bananas are real! Not modified in any way except to mold them to the plant. Purple bananas are just relatively rare. In fact, the only place that grows them in America, that I could find online, is a specialty farm in Miami."

"Then how the hell did you get some?" I ask, suddenly suspicious. "Last I checked you-"

I stop my exposition as she just points to the sleeping shaker in her bed.

"We were experimenting with her powers all night last night!" Kitsu says with a smile.

"So you snuck out?" I say as I cross my arms and look at her. "While grounded?"

"Nope!" She says simply. "We never left the room! Just, opened the window, brought a pocket of the sky down here, flipped it, stared down at the earth, and zoomed in on the location of the farm! And bought a bundle of bananas for twenty bucks from a very confused lady. Oh I wish I took a picture! But yeah, that's why Missy is so sleepy."

'Sure it has nothing to do with it being eight in the morning?' I say in my head sarcastically.

That, is a lot to unpack.

…

Nope. Not awake enough for this.

"Kitsu." I say with a sigh as I massage the bridge of my nose. "Just, sometime later today, we're going to have a talk about this."

"I hope so!" She says with more smiles and tail wagging. "I mean, I grafted monocots and dicots! I'm awesome!"

…

"Sure." I say and pat her head as I turn to leave.

The moss carpet is honestly kinda cool. Feels nice to walk on.

Not that Kitsu ever really takes her socks off. She's gone barefoot a few times. But not often. I think she just has sensitive feet.

Makes sense with how ticklish she is.

"Wait!" Kitsu says.

I turn around to face her. Only to br met with the, admittedly, adorable sight of Kitsu on her tip toes trying to hand shove a purple banana at me.

"Fine." I say as I grab the thing and peel it. "If I break out in a rash or something then you're grounded for another week."

"If you do, it's because you have an allergy you never knew about." She says confidently.

I peel the purple banana.

God that's a weird sentence to think.

I take a bite.

"Ugh." I say with a grimace. "No, ew, ew, no. Here."

I hand her the banana. Much to her confusion and concern.

"What's wrong with it?" She asks softly before taking a bite. "It tashe like vanilla cushtard."

"I don't like vanilla." I say.

.

.

-New Underside Hideout, 9am-

.

.

Lisa "Tattletale" Wilbourn POV

.

'Okay, let's see here.' I think to myself as I go through everything I know.

'I know Coil is Thomas Calvert. His disappearance and Coil's amped up paranoia are too well time to be coincidence.' I start off. 'And he won't leave his base.'

'Thomas Calvert is scared.' My power feeds me.

'He keeps calling me to random locations. Just to call me on my phone after I wait several hours.' I recall the five times in the last month he's done so. 'And asks me random, seemingly inconsequential things.'

'Thomas Calvert is hiding something. Thomas Calvert knows more than he lets on.' My power tells.

'I know that. But what does he know? And how can he know without being able to leave?' I ask.

'Thomas Calvert is using his power.' My power concludes.

'But what is his power! Why won't he leave his base!?' I ask frantically. 'What has him scared and acting so random!'

…

Nothing? Not even speculation?

'More data needed to draw conclusion.' My power says.

'Okay, when did this behavior start? What major events happened around the start of this?' I try and coax.

'Rachel Lindt's suicide. PRT Shutdown drill.' It responds.

Yeah, those two events are also too close together to be coincidence.

'Rachel Lindt knew the identities and location of The Undersiders. Thomas Calvert has a known habit of acting out of paranoia, Lisa knows who is backing the Undersiders, Thomas Calvert ordered Rachel to be silenced.' My power continues.

'Okay? But if it was a hit, then the PRT would know someone powerful was targeting her, and therefore had a connection to us.' I point out.

'Rachel Lindt had many enemies, few allies, Undersiders have few enemies, no allies. PRT likely response wou-'

I cut the line before it goes into further speculation.

'Okay, Coil ordered a hit. And around that time, he stopped being able to leave his base. Why?' I ask.

'Rachel has one known powerful ally.' My power says simply.

Kitsu?

…

Right, can't think about them in a direct sense. I need to think around them. Can't interpret their actions. I need to model the actions of those around them.

'How would Thomas Calvert be effected if others knew of what he did to Rachel?' I try.

'Thomas Calvert would die.' My power says simply.

Okay. No speculations. Which mean it's a definitive.

'How would he die?' I try.

…

'Kitsu.' I realize.

She's a blindspot, yes. But her blindspot, isn't a blindspot!

But.

'How would Thomas Calvert know he was being targeted?' I ask.

'Access to a strong precognitive Thinker power would allow Thomas Calvert to piece together he was being targeted.' My power informs me.

Thinker? So he has a Thinker power? A precognitive one? But how does it operate? And Kitsu is a blindspot. She can't be seen. So how would-

'Does Thomas Calvert know who's targeting him?' I ask.

'Not likely.'

Okay then. Working on that assumption, then he would need to be able to see the conclusion but not the cause. At which point, his power would need to be able to tell him he's died. But if he can't see Kitsu in his modeling. Then he'd, how would he be able to tell he was being targeted without seeing or detecting the act!?

'Thomas Calvert cannot model his death.' My power says. 'Thomas Calvert can only model paths that lead to him staying alive the longest.'

'So his power offers multiple views, but those views cut out when he dies in them?' I piece together. 'Meaning he can only model what he would experience. And as such his knowledge is limited to what he himself could personally experience! And if he can't model a path that leads to his death, then he would know that path leads to his death!'

*Ring!*

I nearly jump out of my bed as I hear my phone go off.

Looking to my phone. I recognize the number as Coil's. Unlabeled and set to private.

Of course it's a different burner every time. But he is nothing if not meticulous.

"Hey boss, what's up?" I ask as I answer.

"Tattletale, I trust this is not an inconvenient time?" His fake ass bond villain dialect sounds out.

'Last direction was to a warehouse four days ago. Unlikely to do so for several more days as previous behavior indicates.'

"Not at all." I say as I sit up. "Whatcha need?Doubt you called me just to send me to another abandoned building again."

"Not quite as such." He says. "No, I have a job at the boat graveyard for your team tomorrow. Five grand per person up front. Fifty for the completion to split as you see fit."

"Damn." I say

Split it even Stevens and that's fifteen K a person. Not bad for a single job.

"Cool, what's the job?" I ask.

"I'll tell you when I have assurance that all of the Undersiders are on board."

.

.

-Meanwhile, Argonia Coffee House, Boardwalk-

.

.

Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV

.

Checking my watch for the third time. I can't help but stay anxious.

This'll be the first date me and Fire have been on since I started my meds. And hopefully, the first one that doesn't end in a game of who can keep track of their clothes better.

It's weird that I'm going on a date with the intention of not getting laid. But, the good doc pointed out that me initiating our rounds of leg numbing sex. Might be setting the wrong tone.

I wanna keep Fire to myself. For as much his personality as his body. And ripping his pants off every time we're alone, sometimes literally, is not the, best way to form a long lasting relationship.

"Where is he?" I say out loud.

I'm in my cutest baggy sleeved floral blouse, designer jeans with floral embroidery. My lacy white heels.

'Please don't cancel.' I think anxiously.

Maybe I should call the doctor? Mention I'm feeling more anxious on the medicine? That was one of the listed side effects.

*Ring*

I grab my phone out of my purse to see it's Firebreather's new cell.

'Calling me five minutes late?' I think to myself. 'Isn't this how Aron's last relationship ended!?'

I stare at the phone. Too scared to answer as I fear it possibly being him cancelling.

'Calm down Crystal!' I yell at myself. 'Why would he cancel? You're hot, he likes you, he's nice. If he cancels, then it's nothing you did and ghosting will only make this worse!'

With that in mind. I answer.

"Yellow?" I say into the phone.

"Hey um, so I don't know how to say this." Fire starts.

'Oh fuck you, you dumb bitch!' I yell at myself.

"But um, I'm lost." He says. "I'm flying above the Boardwalk, but, I have no clue what I'm looking for."

…

'Oh thank god, Crystal you are a dumb bitch.' I chastise myself for worrying.

Making a mental note to call the doc later. Assuming the anxiety and unnecessary worrying keeps up.

I look up to the sky, and sure enough, a little down the ways more towards the south ferry station, I see Firebreather circling around.

"Okay, stop circling." I instruct him. "Turn, other way, little more, stop. Go forward."

I wait as he flies closer and closer.

"Oh, I see you now." He says before hanging up and flying down before me. Causing nearby pedestrians to back up and away from him.

"Hey." I say with a smile. "Had me scared for a minute there. Thought something might've happened."

"Yeah, sorry." He says as he scratches the back of his head. "Still uh, learning my way around."

He's in his normal attire consisting of jeans and a green shirt. He refuses to wear shoes when he doesn't have to. The grip his feet give him being too important for his flight.

"That's fine. I should've been more specific outside of, the green nature themed coffee house on the boardwalk." I admit.

We stand there in awkward silence as neither of us have anything else to say.

"You um, you look beautiful." He tries.

"Thank you, do you, maybe wanna head in?" I ask, jutting a finger to the coffee house behind me.

"Um, sure!" He says with a small smile. "Lead the way!"

I smile and grab his arm. Squishing myself against him as I walk us in.

He stiffens, and looking up I can see his orange face darken a little.

I wonder what he's thinking?

.

.

Firebreather POV

.

Please don't let this be another experiment.

I heard a few coffee filter jokes and I do not want to find out what they mean.

.

.

Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV

.

Probably something silly.

We make our way in and get in line behind a few other couples.

I picked this place because they're doing a two for one couples special on all orders. So there's a lot of those. And looking in the reflection of the chrome coffee machines, I see another Case 53 couple follow in after us.

Ever since the gas cloud that happened a while ago, Case 53's have become a bit more common to see. Though most show very minor mutations. Like a little girl I saw at the mall. She was eating a cookie with shark teeth.

But this girl? I turn around to get a better look.

Covered in short, pink and yellow fur. Medium hair set in a side braid. Cat ears and a long fluffy tail. Not Kitsu fluffy, but more like long haired cat fluffy. Like that cat, Snowball, from Stuart Little. Wearing a black tee and plaid black and red skirt. Red shoes and black stockings. A choker with a bell on it to complete her look.

'I mean, work what you got.' I think at the cutesy kinda goth style.

She's with a girl who's a bit. Nondescript. Thin, square glasses, wavy black hair. Not much else to say. Baggy black hoodie, normal jeans, black sneakers.

'Classic introvert extrovert couple.' I think to myself.

She notices me staring and looks away as the pink girl waves.

Ooh! Her fur changes color! That's so cool! She has a few green polka dots as she gives a little wave.

I smile and wave back as I let Fire guide us forward through the line.

We eventually make our way to the counter where the current barista swaps out with another.

"Hi!" She says with a friendly smile. "What can I get for you two?"

"I'll have a large frozen caramel macchiato with added Italian sweet crème. Sugar free and with almond milk." I say. "And I'll have an added bacon egg and cheese breakfast strudel."

"Alright, and what about you sir?" She asks.

'At least I don't have to threaten anyone this time.' I think with a mental sigh of relief.

Last actual date we went on. As in the last date that didn't end halfway through because the anticipation was killing me. I had to threaten the staff at a restaurant to give Fire any service.

"Um." Fire says as he stares at the menu posted above the counter. "The, hot one?"

"He'll have a large hot house special." I say. "And a blueberry muffin."

.

.

"So Gully ended up throwing Ben into a tree." Fire finishes.

"Is he alright?" I ask.

Turns out Ben is, a little arrogant.

"Yeah he's fine." Fire says as he finishes his muffin. "Just turned into a round, armadillo creature and shook it off."

Worse part is, is that he has the power to back it up. And it's starting to cause issues with the group.

He also keeps hitting on Pinky. Who is about four years older than him.

"Hopefully he'll calm down." I offer.

"Gully's been talking to Carol, since he idolizes Kitsu she thinks pitting them against each other will do, something." He says.

We get up and throw away our trash. Heading out for a midday walk on the boardwalk.

As we head out. I grab his arm and hold it to me as we walk out and along the railing of the beach. Not much of a beach really. There's so much litter that the city, rather than keep paying to clean it, paid to lower the land level of the beach and make the boardwalk a pier.

Not a popular choice. But, what are we going to do about it?

The ferry is on its midday voyage. Three voyages a day, from the south, main, station, to the north and back.

It actually has a few of Kitsu's plants growing on the hull. Modified vines of purple wisteria and Mari-something lily. They glow pink and soft blue respectively.

Which is weird because the lilies are orange. But, up close on the ship it makes them look purple and sea green at night. Really going for an enchanted forest vibe.

"Oh yeah." Fire says as we find an empty bench to finish our coffee's. "The ferry station has this thing where we can work for some extra spending money."

It's obvious he's trying to keep the conversation moving. And I appreciate that. I prefer an active partner.

Not like that!

Okay, yes like that too. But you know what I mean!

"How's that work?" I ask.

"Well, you know how there are several stalls and shacks here?" He says, referring to the boardwalk. "Well, the ferry station has those too. But they rotate out on who's there. One week there'll be a radio shack in the north C five block. Next there'll be a coffee lounge. We can put in hours to help speed up the transition."

"How does that work?" I ask. "Changing out every week?"

"The big stores don't." He says. "Just used that as an example. The bigger ones stay for a few months at a time as their deals allow. The smaller ones like the hotdog cart and bead jeweler swap out every few weeks. Longer stays pay the Ferry station more, shorter stays pay less. I don't know the full details."

"Huh, so you guy's work as part time movers?" I ask.

"Movers, janitors, hard labor." He says with a shrug. "Whatever the station needs and is available at the time."

"Huh, might look into that." I say as I finish my frappe.

I lean over into him. Feeling him stiffen a little. I look up to see him blushing with wide eyes.

"You can, put your arm around me if you want." I suggest.

"Um, if, if you're okay with that." He says as he stretches an arm out.

I scoot closer to him, pressing our hips together.

"This, this isn't going to lead somewhere, further, is it?" He asks shyly.

I bite my lip at the idea. And I move my hand to his thigh. Watching the bulge in his jeans grow.

"I mean, If you want I won't say no." I offer.

Hey, I did good! It's not my fault if he's initiating!

'This is exactly what the therapist warned you about.' I remind myself. 'You're relationship becoming nothing but an excuse for sex.'

"I'd, rather just enjoy the scenery." He says awkwardly.

'Nevermind!' I think to myself. 'It's not too late!'

"That's perfectly fine with me." I say as I lean up and kiss his cheek.

The way he'll blush and get all shy on a date. Despite the fact that he's already seen me naked and has been inside me?

Fucking, adorable.

"You're, really warm." I say as I snuggle into his embrace. "You know that?"

"You've mentioned I'm hot a few times, so yes?" He answers.

I crane my neck up to look at his impassive stare.

"You're lucky you're cute." I say with a smile.

"Thank you?" He says in confusion.

I give a small laugh at his social awkwardness and adorkable behavior.

This is nice. I think, I might prefer this over the mind numbing sex I'm apparently addicted to.

Not gonna stop. Though, I might tone it down a notch or two. Maybe, once a week.

Now I just have to deal with the little fangirl that's been tailing us.

.

.

Madison Clements POV

.

"I'm telling you Tay, you might as well give up." I say to the girl stalking the other Case 53.

Leaning against the wall, watching as Taylor peers over the corner of the shack.

She's developed a real, crush, is the nice way of putting it. Ever since he saved her from drowning under a sheet of ice.

"She's getting up!" She says. "This is my chance! I just need to introduce myself right?"

"And you're not listening." I sigh.

Why is it that both of my friends are trying to get closer to two separate Case 53's, for different reasons. When I'm right, here!

Am I not cute enough? Am I too fluffy? Emma gives me scratches which, oh god yes! Best massage ever! But that's it. And now Taylor is trying to get with the dragon man!

Why!? I'm right, here!

NOTICE ME ALREADY!

"And what are you two doing?" I hear a girl ask next to me.

"My friend is just stalking a crush." I say.

"Who's that?" She asks.

"That Firebreather guy." I say. "But she just won't take the hint! That he's taken!"

I say as I direct the words towards said friend.

"I can still-" She turns to defend before stopping abruptly.

"Still what? Stare longingly as you watch him make out with another girl?" I point out.

"Yeah, I may have my vices, but I'm not into being watched." The girl says, kinda to herself?

Turning my head to get a look at the girl next to me.

Oh, shit.

"Um, weren't you just, you, but." Taylor says as she looks back and forth from the corner to the girl who was with Firebreather. "How did you move so fast!?"

She floats up off the ground a few inches before touching back down.

'That, makes a lot of sense actually.' I think to myself. 'She's a cape.'

…

'Are we about to die?'

"Oh." Is all Taylor has to say.

"Crystal Pelham!" The girl says. "Nice to meet you! What do you really think you're doing?"

"Oh um, just, enjoying the boardwalk?" Taylor offers.

"With your girlfriend?" She asks.

'I wish.' I think to myself.

What? I'm a cute little neko girl! And I'm still single! What the fuck is up with that!?

"Just my friend." Taylor says immediately.

"Then what were you doing at the couples special?" She asks.

Taylor looks to me for help.

I smile sweetly and flip her off. You dug your own grave bitch! Lay in it.

I'm not salty over being ignored. You are!

"We, um, we were." Taylor stutters.

"How old are you?" She asks.

"Um, fifteen?" She says nervously.

"Hrmm, alright, I'm not one who's much for stalkers. But I'll let this slide." Crystal says. "You really oughta go for someone else though. Trust me when I say it wouldn't work."

"Why not!?" Taylor asks defensively.

"Um, he's in a relationship, he's a cape with an open identity, I doubt you're his type, he doesn't even know you." Crystal starts counting on her fingers.

"Well, some of those can change!" Taylor says, acting as though she's about to square up to a cape.

I sigh into my hand. Taylor has, a bit of a temper. She's normally great at hiding it. But being talked down to is one of her pet peeves.

"Not on my watch!" Crystal says with a, devious smile. "Besides, even without all of that. I doubt you could handle him."

My fur turns purple with pink zigzags at the implications.

"What is that supposed to mean?" Taylor asks.

'Oh you sweet summer child.' I think to myself.

In response, Crystal holds up her fists. Her pointer fingers up, and slowly spreads them apart.

'Average.' I think to myself as I compare it to my, research. 'Above average, pornstar, you can stop now! What the fuck!?'

My eyes are wide at the distance of her fingers, and hurt a little just trying to think about it. It seems Taylor is starting to understand as well, if the wide eyes and blush are anything to go by.

"I'm trying to have a nice, relaxing day with my boyfriend." Crystal says. "Leave."

Gladly!

I take Taylor's hand and guide us away without another word.

…

What is my life lately?

.

.

-City Hall, 5pm-

.

.

Hana "Miss Militia" POV

.

Camera's on everyone. Stage set. Armsmaster pissed, but composed.

He starts off his speech as it was written. Though, it'd be hard for him to forget. I'm sure he has it on his helms HUD.

"I will put it bluntly." Armsmaster speaks into the mic. "I am here to announce that I am stepping down, as leader of the East Northeast PRT Cape Response, and as overseer of the East Northeast Wards."

The crowd roars to life at his declaration. Cameras flashing and people yelling. All forcing their voices to the forefront.

I never considered this would be how I got promoted. Him fucking up so hard it cost him his career. And nearly his freedom. With Kitsu's age, he was looking at a minimum sentence of forty years.

Had his plan worked. And Kitsu had gone villain or was mastered. Then maybe his actions would have been dismissed. But certainly not praised.

And he'd still lose the loyalty and trust of the Wards.

I always thought I'd be promoted when Collin died or decided to move. With the first option always seeming more likely.

"I know this may come as a shock. I've been at the forefront of the PRT's capes here in Brockton Bay for nearly a decade and a half now." He continues. "Many of the younger people here have lived their entire lives to this point only knowing me as the leader here. And many more who are too young to remember a time I was not."

Now he's going off script and glory hogging.

"It may be jarring, to see me step down. But, I am not retiring in full, merely handing off my position to someone more qualified and, someone I believe will do better." He says monotonously. "I will still be here, to provide guidance, and to do as I have always done. And that is to protect and serve the people. I'm merely taking steps in preparing for the eventual future, where I am unable to do so, by ensuring there is someone to take after me."

Which is how he always talks. But to those who know him, we can all see how painful it was for him to force out those words.

"Damn, you could practically feel the frustration." Assault says.

"Stay professional." I remind him.

"So, without further delay, I'd like to announce my, replacement." He says as he holds a hand out to the side. "Miss Militia!"

Well, here we go.

.

.

-Meanwhile, Dallon House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"But I wanna be there in person!" I beg as I point at the TV.

"But you're grounded." Mom says back.

I turn to pout at the TV.

This is bullshit! I'm the reason he's suffering! I should get to see it first hand!

Wait, that makes me sound like the bad guy.

.

.

-Meanwhile, Central Hideout of Fenrir's Chosen-

.

.

Brad "Hookwolf" Meadows POV

.

"So, tin man's steppin down?" I say to myself as I stare at the sand digger talking up a storm on the news.

That means there's going to be a good while before she gets used to her role. A good while of reorganization.

An opportunity. Ripe for the taking. And I know just what to do to stake my claim.

Got a couple of cats who've been getting too comfortable around here anyway. Need them to remember who the top dog is.

I smile in anticipation.

.

.

-Meanwhile, The Towers-

.

.

Edward Anders POV

.

Opening the box, I smile at my latest deliveries.

Once I knew what to look for, it wasn't hard getting ahold of the bastards assets. Credit cards, business holdings, stocks. Shit like that.

Few bribes here and there and well, no one cares about a few, minor, details.

Opening up the package, I grin at my new arms. Plural.

One for day to day convenience. Biomechanical, straps and harnesses meant to use the mechanics of leverage, push and pull to move as needed.

The other? Schematics and a bunch of metals, plastics, the works. Meant for me to make a Myoelectric metallic arm for use in, riskier endeavors.

I'm mix of a thinker, shaker, and striker. I can analyze, deconstruct and then reconstruct any non organic material. My Manton Limit.

I get to work setting up the harness and putting it on.

"Stupid, piece of shit. Chaffing, bullshit." I grumble as I work on the damned thing.

"Almost, alllmmmoooossst!" I groan as I bite the strap and pull back.

This would be so much easier with both hands!

No. The irony is not lost on me.

*Bang*

"BROTHER!"

"Ahh!"

I fall out of my chair and lose my hold of the strap as Al bursts in. And because I didn't have it tightened all the way. It slipped off.

"Rrrrr, yes Al?" I ask in annoyance at my little brother.

"You need to see this!" He says as he runs to me with his phone.

I look at it, scanning the contents of-

'Oh no.' My eyes widen.

"Shit!" I say as I get up. "Get Kayden, now!"

"But, she's at work." Al says.

"And the other gangs are about to go apeshit out there!" I say. "You wanna be caught on the back foot of a four to five way war? I don't!"

Armsmaster just stepped down. A change in leadership? If I were a lieutenant of a gang looking to make my own group, I'd do it when the main threat to my rise is too busy learning the ropes. And while all eyes are on them, and not me.

The timetable for the impending power struggle just got shoved forward.

"What does caught on the back foot mean?" Al asks.

"Hell if I know." I shrug. "Not important! We-"

"Aaaaaaaaaaah!" Aster starts crying in the other room.

"Damnit Ed!" Theo yells. "I just put her down!

.

.

-Wednesday, July 28th, Immaculata District, 11am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Are you sure it's a good idea to bring the squishier ones along?" I ask Aunt Sarah. "Any time I'm around here, Stormfront tends to take it personally."

"Crystal is a faster mover, Firebreather is insanely resilient, and Assault is too versatile to leave behind." She says. "That and he's out PRT supervision for if we need to do anything, extra."

The plan was to have Armsmaster announce his retirement. Knowing the other gangs would jump at the opportunity and get careless as they scramble to make their moves. If it were anyone else taking the mantle of leadership, it'd work. Learning all the ropes of a job takes time. But, one of Miss Militia's powers that isn't publicly known is her perfect memory. She already knows how to do the job in full. It was just a matter of paperwork.

So, we're pushing into the heavy E88 territories, hoping to find and catch them off guard.

We're part of group four. We're making rounds around the Immaculata district. It's really close to the industrial district, and is just the school grounds around the private school. We're trying to ease our way into Stormfront's territory. That and several people have started to go missing around this area.

Stormfront is the most radical of the three lieutenants. Who we're expecting to break off. She's not the most violent, or the most powerful. No, most powerful goes to Purity. In her breaker state, no one can catch her, and little can hurt her. Violent goes to Hookwolf. He has a complete disregard for life and a love for violence. Stormfront? She goes out of her way to target minorities and 'set examples'. Her favorite being the black community. Which brings us back to the disappearances. Fifty people missing. Only two were white.

In her sphere, brutalizing a minority got you far. And with the expected power struggle, yeah we thinks there be shenanigans of the racist kind.

"If you say so." I relent. "Why am I here again? She uses electricity. In case you forgot, static is bad for my hair."

"You have other strengths." She says reassuringly. "Your resilience and natural charm are a great asset."

"Aww, stop!" I say with a giggle. "You'll make me blush!"

The rest of the patrol around the area is rather, uneventful. Immaculata is just a school campus with a bunch of open land for sports and other junk. The main building itself is of modern design. Geometrical white brickwork and as the name suggests, immaculate appearance. All if which is gated off and inaccessible by the white bricked wall surrounding the school.

We're just here to make sure there's nothing suspicious.

There's not. At least none that I've found.

This is boring, and I am bored.

We're not even allowed on the main campus. We couldn't get a search warrant because there's apparently a lot that goes into getting that. And without probable cause we-

Wait.

Deciding to alleviate my boredom and see what the inside of a private school looks like. I illusion the most basic E88 mook, right at the entrance of the school as we make our way to pass by the front gate.

"Hey look!" I say as I point to the illusioned guy walking into the school. "Probable cause!"

They're all just staring at me. Firebreather even touches down and raises a brow at me.

"What?" I ask.

"We all saw you do that ya dingus." Crystal says.

"What the shit!?" A voice from the school.

"Stranger!" Another calls. "He walked right through the door!"

I drop the illusion in surprise.

*Bang* *Bang*

I flinch a little at the sound of gun shots.

I had no clue they were in there. Just an awesome little coinkidink

"Okay, seriously?" Sarah says. "The person was one thing. But faking gun shots can cause serious-"

"That wasn't me." I say.

They probably didn't hear the people talking.

"If you're lying and we go in there, just to find nothing?" Sarah says. "I will call Carol."

"Okay." I shrug.

My neck is starting to cramp at having to look up at everyone. CanI even get cramps? My body is impervious to injury.

Oh well, maybe I can work the crick out of my neck by beating the crap out of some nazis.

That's always fun.

.

.

George Remy POV

.

"What the fuck was that?" Alex asks.

"How the fuck am I supposed to know?" I ask.

If that was a stranger, we are so fucked. We have two jobs here. One, maintain the school until the students come back.

Two, don't attract suspicion.

Damnit! Krieg's gonna have our heads!

"You know you really shouldn't swear." I hear behind me.

Turning around, I aim my gun at the sound.

"My mommy also says you shouldn't touch guns." The little girl says.

Blonde, blue eyed, Aryan. In a school uniform.

"Oh!" I say as I put my gun back in my pants behind me. "Sorry about that! I'm just uh, security!"

"For an empty school?" She asks.

"Well, some people might try and break in." I say as I crouch down to meet her at eye level. "Speaking of, school's closed. What are you doing here? Where's your mommy?"

"Why would a guard have a gun and not a holster?" She asks. "And why would a guard wear janitor's clothes?"

"Because, I'm undercover!" I think quickly. "If bad guys don't know I'm a good guy, they won't see me coming!"

She cocks her head to the side as she stares at me. Blinking a few times as she says nothing.

'Fuck it.' I think to myself as I stand up. 'This is going nowhere.'

"Alex, get your car ready we-" I freeze as I turn to the unconscious man slumped against the wall.

"Yeah, there's enough inconsistencies with that to warrant probable cause." The little girl says.

Swinging back around, I'm met with the softly smiling girl. Only, her hair is a tone darker, more, strawberry blonde than pure blonde. Her eyes are a little greener. With cat like slits instead of normal pupils. Her uniform is now a strapless, sleeveless top with a red chest and black stomach. Red tiara headband in front of large fox ears. And a large fox tail swaying behind her.

"Nice to see you figured it out." She says as she gives a fanged grin.

Fuck.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I stare at the now unconscious second guard. Super speed and illusions are busted.

Especially when I can activate my love me power with eye contact to throw someone's immediate suspicions off. It's like a janky version of the friends cantrip. That doesn't let the affected know they're affected when it ends.

"That is enough to warrant probable cause right?" I ask Sarah as she searches the fake janitor.

"It is, though next time?" she says as she grabs a set of keys. "Don't knock out one of them before you get that confirmation."

"Mrm." I shrug.

Me and Sarah are fast. And unlike Fire, Crystal and Assault. Can move quietly. Assault's armor is too noisy, Fire's wings flap, and Crystal is just a reckless flier when it comes to tight spaces.

People need to learn to start locking second story windows.

"Oh, I should also mention there's weird noises and bad smells coming from the basement." I say as Sarah goes and unlocks the office next to the entrance.

"What kind?" she asks as she presses a few things and the front doors unlock with a clack.

"A lot of clinking and scraping of metal. Blood, sweat, pee." I say as I walk forward and open the doors. "You're all good!"

Firebreather jumps over the gate as Crystal tosses Assault up and over before flying over it herself.

They all make it inside before I let go of the door. Locking itself back up as the doors clack shut.

"No escape." I say dramatically as I crouch slightly. "Our entrance is blocked off."

"It's a metal door." Crystal says. "All of us are capable of busting it down."

"We have no choice but to continue." I say as I ninja leap forward.

"Windows are just glass." Sarah says as she steps out of the office.

"To the bowels!" I declare, pointing in the direction of the sound and scents. "In search of an exit to this dastardly place!"

"Weren't the second story windows unlocked?" Fire asks.

"I think she's doing a bit." Crystal says as they all follow.

"She's leading us to some weird noises she's hearing." Sarah says.

"Onward my sidekick!" Assault says as he jumps forward to sneak along side me. "Into the-"

"You ruined it." I say as I drop all dramatics and walk forward towards the stairs.

~Blood, sweat, tears, cloth, urine, feces

That's what I smell. My sense of smell is getting stronger. Not that I smell more. But it's getting easier to distinguish and track smells.

Oh, and for once Fire and Crystal don't smell like a whore house consisting of only two people. So that's nice.

The smells coming from down the stairs are pungent. And walking down said stairs, we're met with a steel door that reads Maintenance only.

"Looks like a normal maintenance door." Assault says. "You sure you know where we're going?"

I ignore him as I punch the door off its hinges.

"And now we can add property damage to the list of things being taken out of my paycheck." He sighs under his breath. "So much for PRT supervision."

"You expect me to believe you didn't already have that?" I ask as I turn to look at the group.

"You sound like my wife." He says, and I imagine he's rolling his eyes.

"Battery that much of a ballbuster?" I tease as I turn to walk down the grey cooridor.

"She's not my wife." He says.

'Right.' I remember as I walk along the hall, following the scent and sounds as I turn to a door labeled, Backup Storage. 'He and Battery keep a tight lid on their private lives. Also, why is there a backup storage? Is that a thing?'

"Ugh, what is that smell?" Crystal asks. "Who shit themselves?"

"Assault." I say as I grab the doorknob and crunch it. Letting the metal bits click clack on the ground as I push the door open.

"Hey!"

The door opens to a wide room with wooden crates and a single desk at the adjacent wall of the room. The crates have holes in them at the top and are all labeled as Gardening Tools, Field Tools, Spare Parts, and Specialty.

"Ugh, it reeks in here." Assault says. "It looks so clean though."

"Who, who's there!?" We all hear from one of the crates labeled Field Tools.

"Jerome! They said not to talk." Another hisses. "You saw what they did to Anne."

"Oh, oh please no." Fire says as he runs past us and rips the wooden crates apart.

Revealing the scared, naked, collared and chained people of color inside. Behind steel bars.

"Oh my god!" Crystal exclaims.

"You! You're New Wave!" Jerome says. "You're heroes! Please! Get us out of here!"

"Heroes!?"

"They're here?!"

"We're saved!"

"Oh thank god!"

"Please! My little girl! She needs a doctor!"

Voices of all kinds ring throughout the room as Sarah flies over to the desk.

"PRT Console, this is Assault, calling in a code Adam level 5." Assault starts saying into his comms. "It looks like we might've found a possible traffic ring."

Meanwhile, Fire is tearing through the bars. He's pissed. So much so that fire is starting to flare off of his shoulders.

"It's worse than that." Sarah says. "These papers, it, it looks like Stormfront is trying to reestablish the slave trade! She already has buyers in Canada, The West Coast, The South, Eastern Europe, this is only one of the stockpiles."

"Huh." Is all I can say as Crystal gets to work helping Firebreather.

I decide to cut everything short and cloud of glass daggers the crates. Saving them the time as I walk up to the desk where Aunt Sarah is looking through the papers.

Something tells me I'm not gonna be bored for much longer.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Good Ending

.

The added charges

.

.

Silvia "Enter" POV

.

Blindfolded and tied to a chair.

Not how I imagined tonight going. But that's fine, I'm good at improv.

"So, you big strong men wanna tell a little girl what you're gonna do with her?" I say teasingly as I start charging up.

"None of your business." One of them says.

"Au contraire my stinky fellow." I counter. "It's entirely my business, seeing as it has to do with, ME."

~Southeast of marker~

My power gives me a single marker, a sort of, compass, with the marker being north. And charging gives me access to that compass, the longer I charge, the more accurate it gets.

They're not talking.

"Can you at least tell me why I'm blindfolded?" I ask. "I didn't sign up for any roleplay or BDSM so I'd like assurance that this isn't what this is. Please?"

"Rule one of containing teleporters." One of them says. "Obstruct the eyes."

~Ten miles, lowered elevation~

'Okay, North Warehouse district.' I think to myself.

"That's all well and good." I say. "You did your research. Best thing for a blink mover is to obstruct their vision."

Just a little more.

"But, you didn't do enough research." I say. "My partner is going have a field day tearing this place down."

"Break has no clue where you are girly." He says.

"Well, he doesn't." I concede as my power slowly filters me the longitude and latitude. "Yet."

"Shit!" Another shouts. "She's got a tracker!"

"Wrong!"

"She's fucking with us." The first guy says. "Stop talking to her."

"Wrong again." I say as I feel my power stretch out. "The part where you didn't do enough research, is that my dad is an Ex-con who specialized in busting people out. Though I don't blame you for not knowing that. But! Here is the big one, the one you really messed up on?"

Almost!

"I'm not a blink mover." I say and pop out of there.

...

And pop into Dad's car, parked two miles west of the warehouse.

My power is a charging one like moms, but instead of giving me the super speed, super strength, and invincibility, it lets me teleport further the longer I charge. And the more I charge, the more I know about my surrounding's location. A lot better in combat than you'd think. One minute is one mile. So, a second gets me far. Though I do have an upper limit of twenty miles. So it's not like I can just sit still for a few hours and have access to the whole world.

"Got the location sweetie?" Dad asks as he puts the car in drive.

"North warehouse district." I say as I pull out my phone and put in the coordinates my power gave me. "Cali's warehouse on Ferris Drive."

"Have fun playing victim?" Max asks with a teasing grin.

"Can it powerade." I say.

Max has a kinetic power like Dad's. But whereas Dad redirects kinetic energy. Max has a bit of Moms power mixed in. While moving, he's invincible, and he gets stronger and faster the more he stays moving. So long as he isn't stopped, he can just keep going.

"No fighting." Mom says.

"They're just being kids." Dad says.

"Hey!" I say in offense. "I'm thirteen! In some cultures I'm already considered a woman!"

"Then you can start paying bills like one." Mom counters.

"However, to your credit that has no precedence on legality." I quickly add.

...

"I blame you for their personalities." Mom says.

"Hey!" Max counters. "I have an Awesome personality."

"You named yourselves, Break, and Enter." Mom says.

"You and Dad named yourselves Assault and Battery." I point out.

"I had no choice in that!" Mom groans.

"It was just another sign we were meant to be together Puppy." Dad says with a laugh as Mom punches his shoulder.

"It's because of you that Amanda wants to be called Miss Demeanor when she gets her powers."

Me, Max and Dad start laughing.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N PURPLE BANANAS ARE REAL! AND SO ARE BLUE BANANAS THAT TASTE LIKE ICE CREAM!

SPREAD THE WORD! THIS NEEDS TO BE PUBLIC KNOWLEDGE!

.

The tree grafting idea goes to RadChaos897

.

Credit for the twins goes to Casanova5424

.

And yes. Tattletale went into speculation with her power. It's why she would later have Brian constantly act as a soundboard to stop her from doing so. Because she struggles to catch herself doing it, and can lead to wildly incorrect assumptions.

Tattletales power is basically a weird mix of deductive reasoning, and inductive reasoning.

She uses inductive reasoning. Building off of what she knows to be true, and drawing conclusions based on that. Adding pieces together to build an answer. Going from specific details, to general conclusion.

Like, two plus two, must equal four.

Deductive reasoning, is taking everything you know. And using that to reduce the possibilities by ruling out anything that conflicts with the knowledge you have. Going from general details, to a specific conclusion.

Like, two plus two, can't be anything but four.

.

If Crystal seemed extra aggressive and blatant with Taylor, it's because a stalker was her trigger event. Someone recognized her in public and, it's never explicitly stated what they did, but it caused her to trigger.

.

.

.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

RadChaos897: Have you considered adding OC parahumans to your story?

Newb: Mechanic is an OC based on the Mad Max series. But I haven't made many more because I feel I have enough to keep track of.

.

FOR KITSU!

DancingLeaf: Have you ever got any invitations for massive events or concerts from celebs/insanely rich people?

Kitsu: Not that I know of. Mom vets my mail ever since an "Adult" toy company wanted to use my likeness for, cosplay. Even then, unless I was a performer, I likely wouldn't go. Rich people are snobs.

.

.

FOR ONE TIME ONLY!

GULLY

.

RadChaos897: What were your first memories since waking up on Earth Bet? What were some of the first things you did with your powers when you discovered you have them?

Gully: I woke up in a forest. And I ended up using my powers to help me find my way to civilization. There's not much else to say. The PRT picked me up not long after.

RadChaos897: Since your primary power is manipulating earth, are there any kinds of earth you can't affect?

Gully: Sand is tricky. But not impossible. Just less stable and requires more concentration. Earth with high metal concentrations are the hardest to move and take more effort.

RadChaos897: Can you move and manipulate man-made forms of earth and stone, such as concrete? What about metals?

Gully: Yes. And no. I can move Asphalt, Concrete, and other such things. But metal is beyond me.

RadChaos897: What about your secondary power, [Earth Sense] as I dub it, how accurate is it and how far can you sense with it? Can you use it to sense things like raw metals and ore veins?

Gully: It's about fifty feet in range, and I can sense anything that's causing vibrations though the ground. So even if something isn't touching the ground directly, I can still get a sense of where it is. Just, not as accurately. And no, I can't sense ore veins. Just that there are pockets where the earth isn't there.

RadChaos897: Since you have enhanced strength due to your Case 53 mutations, how much can you lift? Have you tested how much your strength changed after Kitsu modified you to be more humanoid? What about your other attributes like speed and endurance?

Gully: I can lift nearly eighty pounds in one hand with ease. As for endurance and speed? No. I can't sweat because of how thick my skin is, so my body overheats too easily. My endurance is far below average, my speed? I can do decent bursts. But like I said, overheating.

.

NEXT TIME!

NEIL!

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews and it pushes me to write faster.

Find me in newb's-grotto at the discord where I hold votes towards my stories!

.

Link to the discord: discord. gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Olegzol, SolverFollower, Vanir and 132 others
Newb to the game
Jul 3, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 57 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 5, 2024
Add bookmark
#455
A/N Hot topics

Alt title: MALLROOM BLITZ!

.

I'm in a discord server now! Soon I'll have a beta and the quality of my works will skyrocket!

Sadly, that also means they'll come out much slower.

.

I'm going to be taking a break after this chapter. Sorry.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Somewhere in the Nevada Desert, Midday, April of 2008-

.

.

Firebreather POV

.

'Another boring day wasted in the sun.' I think to myself as I sit on the rock.

Found a few campers, pilfered some bags of coal. Caught a snake!

Tasted good enough. Coal isn't bad. But it's nice to add some variety.

So, I sit here on this rock. Lay down, and watch the clouds. Every time I try to talk to people, they run or shoot me. Sometimes the bullets even hurt.

Why?

Are people just mean? Am I that scary? I try and remember, something. To see if I can recall of people really are this mean.

But, all I get is the blurred image of a woman, taller than me, brown hair. And I feel, safe. She's wearing a long white coat.

And that's it. I don't know who she is. But, but, there has to be something there.

Why would I feel safe around her? If people were meant to be cruel, then why would my only memory from before, be of such a kind and safe feeling around another person?

I'm too tired to think about this right now.

It's with that thought, that I close my eyes. And let sleep take me.

.

.

-5 hours later-

.

.

*Clang* *Clang* *Clang*

"Huwatcha huh?" I shoot up as I'm woken up by the loud metal sounds.

"Good!" I hear one voice say as I rub the sleep from my eyes. "We got'em up!"

"Might make a good present for the Crowleys." Another says.

My vision clearing. I see I'm in a cage, cold metal bars surrounding me. Surrounded by people in white feathered clothes as all I see past them is a white tarp. Hinting at a tent of some kind.

"The feathered mother knows they love them some fifty three's." A woman says with a smile.

.

.

-Wednesday, July 28th, Immaculata District, 1:23pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Anne, she, well, she was a he." The man, Jerome says as he sits on the ledge of the ambulances bumper, a blanket covering him. "And, well, they made an example of'r. Took a pair of hedge trimmers and, made her a, her. God there was so much blood."

"Do you know what they did with her?" Aunt Sarah asks.

"Spare parts." He sneers as he shakes, in despair or anger. It's hard to tell. "Black market organs. Not a fucking piece left of her."

Sarah doesn't say anything. Instead just pats him on the back reassuringly.

"Is she good?" Assault asks, referring to the little Asian girl I'm healing of pneumonia.

"Oh yeah, she's fine." I say as I take my hand off of her head. "Sleep, rest, go home, that stuff."

"Thank you so much!" The lady says as she holds her daughter.

Oh yeah, they're all in blankets. No personal artifacts were allowed. Wallets were pilfered, phones were smashed, and clothes were burned.

I'm actually thirty something feet away Sarah and Jerome. In another ambulance as police gut the place.

And I mean, GUT. Armsmaster and Miss Militia are here. She's going through and looking at every room. Taking pictures and videos. While using her perfect memory in tandem.

After they case a room, the cops remove, everything.

This place is being torn, down. To the last pebble on the track field.

Human trafficking is already an issue with Lung. But he mostly targets rival gang members, debtors, people who've pissed him off, if they survive initially, basically those who won't be missed. And he rarely sells out of city, or even out of state.

The documents from the stockpile imply that Stormfront is going international, and is setting up with Gesselschaft to make a whole network.

This is still the same treatment that Lung's brothels get when they're discovered. It's just that this. Is a bit more pressing.

"Real quick." I say as I look to Assault. "How does the PRT have permission to dismantle a private school?"

"Hmm? Oh, we're not." He says as he looks to said school. "Well, not yet. As of now? We're just collecting evidence."

"Evidence?" I say with a raised brow as I very pointedly watch two cops move a cafeteria table into a movers van.

"They'll get everything back once it's proven that it has no value in the investigation, and after we conclude the staff of the school had no part in this." He says.

"Is that legal?" I ask with a tilt of my head.

"When villains are involved?" He says. "Yes. If this were say, some unaffiliated human trafficking ring. This would take a few more days for paperwork. The victims are also going to be put in M/S protocol. Just to be safe."

"Huh." I say as I turn my attention to Firebreather. Who is currently handing out food to the victims.

He, kinda nearly lost it. After he tore off all the bars of the cages. He was so upset he nearly set himself and the room ablaze. Crystal had to smack him.

It was kinda funny.

"I wonder how the others are doing." I say out loud.

"Hopefully something less exciting." Assault says.

.

.

-Meanwhile, Edge of Old Industrial District-

.

.

Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon POV

.

"Eugh." I groan as I slump out of the building I got tossed in.

I dust myself off before flying out and after the two capes in a territory war. Hookwolf is chasing after Mechanic. Who's evasive maneuvers are borderline supernatural.

Seriously. If we didn't know better, we'd think he was some form of precog as opposed to a Tinker. He's just so unpredictable!

Dauntless is chasing after them on foot. His boots empowered to enhance his speed. But it isn't enough. Pinky was with us, but she got lost a ways back after Mechanic drove off.

So far the only ones keeping pace are me and Eric. And Eric went back to find Pinky.

Which leaves, me.

'We weren't supposed to find Hookwolf here! Cricket at worst! He's supposed to be consolidating his power!' I think to myself.

I fly after and grab Hookwolf's metallic tail. And fly down. Planting my feet into the asphalt as he drags me. Tearing up the road as he doesn't slow, only when I try to fly back, does it do anything.

As in, his tail breaks off and I fly back.

"Fucking!" I shout. "Stay still already!"

"Vicks!" I hear Eric's voice from behind as I fly.

He slowly catches up as we round a few buildings. Following after the two capes.

"I can't slow him down!" I shout.

"I got an idea!" He says. "How hard do you think you can throw me!?"

Huh?

"What!?" I ask.

"Throwing!" He shouts. "Distance! How!?"

"Pretty far?" I says.

"Do it!" He says as he holds out his hand and flies next to me.

Never fly too close to another flier in concert. That's something Aunt Sarah drilled into us. Too risky, you could easily crash and next thing you know you're waking up on top of a car.

But fuck it.

I grab his hand and spin midair while flying at top speed. Launch him ahead of me.

He rockets forward, catching up to Hookwolf. Just when they meet. He throws his hands out and Hookwolf barrels and splays against a blue forcefield. Right before it cuts out and he falls.

Mechanic speeds off as I catch up. I let him leave. Mechanic isn't the priority here.

"Damn brats!" His metallic, grating voice booms.

He runs forward at us, and I charge towards the truck sized metal monstrosity. And punch right through his head.

Kitsu said that so long as his core isn't damaged. He'll be fine. He could even grow back limbs. So I feel perfectly fine in smashing through him.

I turn around and shake off the metal hooks as my field comes back.

"Give up!" I shout. "You're out numbered!"

"I only see two."

A blinding flash of blue light takes his front leg out as a spear imbeds itself to the road.

"Make that three!" Dauntless says as he finally catches up and pulls out a short sword.

'Really playing the gladiator look there huh?' I think to myself. 'Hrmm, how would Dean look in a battle skirt? Or a regular skirt?'

Intrusive thoughts aside.

"Like we said!" I shout. "Outnumbered!"

"And yet, you are outmatched!" He roars as his leg reforms and charges against us.

As he does so. His head is blasted off by a double helix laser.

"Appropriate choice of words!" We hear from above.

Craning my neck up to see the newcomer, though I already know who it is. I'm nonetheless blinded by the glowing brilliance of Purity's form.

Now that we know it's a breaker power armor and not just a suit. Kind of makes it seem less impressive. Just takes the whole, 'How does she do it?' awe factor away.

"Because from my point of view, you're out matched, and out numbered." Purity says.

.

.

Kenta "Lung" POV

.

I relax in my bed as I watch the security footage of Hookwolf, Mechanic, Purity, and the heroes fight.

*Ding*

Ooh! My ramen's done!

I hurry over to my microwave and pull out the hot cup. Wasabi Shrimp flavor! My favorite.

I head to my wine cooler and grab a bottle of fuji apple sake. Head back to my bed, set my food down. And continue to enjoy the show.

.

.

Kayden "Purity" Anders POV

.

"Good, just remember." Edward says through the earpiece. "Don't piss off the heroes. You either take down Hookwolf and leave, or drive him off. Just make it clear he's kicked out."

"Got it." I say softly.

Edward is acting as my PR coach. We're the good guys, but because of our more problematic and radical members. The PRT won't see it that way. Best thing we can hope for is to be seen as neutral. But in all reality we'll probably just be seen as the lesser of three evils.

"Hookwolf!" I say commandingly. "You were instructed to stay low! Why are you out here!?"

"Perfect." Ed reassures me.

"Same reason as you and the Nazi." He says. "Big boss is out, time for new management. And I got big plans! Starting with ridding this place of the junkies and ******."

"Blast him." Edward says. "Make it seem like you don't approve of the slur."

'Alright.' I mentally shrug as I do so. 'He didn't say anything wrong. The Merchants are nothing but addicts and criminals.'

But, Ed knows what he's doing. He has his dad's intelligence. Just not his charisma. So I'll take his advice for now.

I blast him back, causing his form to flip and launch against an apartment building.

"I propose a truce!" I shout to the heroes. "A temporary one!"

"As if!" Glory Girl says.

"What's your suggestion!?" Dauntless asks.

"What!?/Seriously?!" Glory Girl and Shielder say respectively.

"Temporary alliance!" I say. "For one hour! We deal with Hookwolf, then we part ways!"

"Like-" Glory Girl starts.

"Deal!" Dauntless shouts back.

"Nice to know the Trojan mascot has a brain." Edward says.

"Dude!?" Shielder says as he turns to look down at the golden hero. "What the heck!?"

"You want to fight Hookwolf and Purity!?" He challenges. "Or fight Hookwolf with Purity."

As he says that. Hookwolf bursts out of the apartment building. Likely having just finished regenerating.

He charges at us and I fire another beam. Before cutting it off and flying around to the other side. Pausing for a second to reorient myself as he gets blasted back.

Dauntless grabs his spear out of the road as he charges and I fire another beam. A two pronged attack that sees Hookwolf take a blast from both ends.

The flashes of white and blue light clear as we get a look at Hookwolf.

Missing the right, and front left limbs of his metallic meat hook body.

"Fucking! Fine!" He shouts in frustration as his body's hooks rearrange themselves. "Another day!"

He turns himself into smaller more agile form and takes off.

I go to fly after him.

"Don't!" Edward yells in my ear.

"Why?" I hiss as I stop.

"Chase him, and he's likely to start running through buildings." He says.

"So?" I hiss.

"People die, you get made the villain." He says. "Best to let him leave for now. Next time, try and kill him."

"Fine." I spit out. "I'll trust you to know what you're doing."

And so. Hookwolf runs off as the PRT and New Wave attend to the surrounding areas and damages.

.

.

- Thursday, July 29th, Ferry Station South, 9am-

.

.

Gully POV

.

We're having a meeting of the Newest Wave. We're all in the main living room of the ferry station. With the older capes having just got back from report a few hours ago. As appointed leader it's my job to pass down the messages and make sure everyone is up to date on what's going on.

"And with Group two being rearranged, Kitsu, you'll need to be put with them to replace Velocity as their mover." I say to the girl with a beetle on her head.

She's officially moving into the housing here at the station.

Well, correction. Kratos, is. Mrs. Dallon won't let her make him any bigger than his current guinea pig size while he's still in her house. So Kitsu is moving him here.

No one has any real complaints. We all understand that this building is only here because of her. Giving away a room we're not using for her pet beetle, while absurd, is not much of a sacrifice.

"Yeah that's fine." She says with a shrug.

I really don't see what all the reports were about. Yeah, her behavior can be a bit erratic. But she's normally compliant. If anything, she's just mischievous and dramatic.

"Alright, aside from that." I continue. "We've been given a basic understanding of the territories the three splinters are occupying. The Aryan Empire, Stormfront's group, is holding ground in the industrial districts. Purity's group is holding onto the richer portions, with the exception of Immaculata. And Hookwolf is basically taking the rest."

Immaculata is all over the news. The prestigious private school being closed down on accusations of human trafficking? I didn't believe it. It's a school for crying out loud! There are children that go there!

But then Kitsu and Lady Photon confirmed it. And I had no choice but to believe it.

To think, such a thing could happen.

"What happened to Velocity?" Pinky asks.

"He got injured." I say. "I'm not allowed to say more."

"I don't remember any injury reports." Vicky says.

'That's because he wasn't injured on the job.' Is what I think. But don't say. It's not my business to tell.

"Regardless." I say. "We're expecting something big to go down. By this point the other gangs have recognized that the Empire Eighty Eight is fractured. Members fighting in the public have all but confirmed it."

"And it was announced on PHO." Kitsu adds.

"That too." I agree

"Why not lead with that?" Ben asks. "If they said they're not working with each other anymore."

"Because, there's this neat little thing humans like to do." Kitsu says as she takes Kratos off of her head and holds him in her lap. "It's called, lying."

"Oh, right." Ben says sheepishly.

"Anyway, Ben." I say, getting the young Tinker's attention.

"What's up?" He asks.

"We need to get in some training on your teamwork." I say as I cross my arms.

"Urgh!" He groans as he rolls his eyes. "This again?"

"Yes." I say. "You took off from your assigned group to chase after a robber."

"And I caught him!" He says proudly with a smile.

"You totally ditched us dude!" Jenny says defiantly.

"Not cool." Firebreather adds.

"Not my fault you guys can't keep up." He says.

"What if something happened to you?" I point out. "What if something happened to them? You'd be off somewhere unable to do, anything."

"Pfft." He scoffs. "Like that'll ever happen. In case you haven't noticed, I'm more than capable of handling my own problems."

"This again." Pinky scoffs from the recliner.

"But this is a team." I stress.

"Gully, can I talk to you in private?" Kitsu asks as she stands up and sets Kratos on the table.

"Um, can it wait?" I ask.

"Nope." She says and walks off towards the stairs.

"We're not done here." I say.

.

.

-1 Hour Later-

.

.

Benjamin "Ben" Tennyson POV

.

"Alright, what is it this time?" I ask as we reassemble in the living room. Everyone taking their original spots. With the exception of Kitsu who is standing next to Gully.

"Simple." Gully starts off, though she seems. Hesitant? Is that the word? She looks like she waiting for something bad to happen. "Kitsu has announced that she's-"

*Squelch*

"Ahhh!"

"What the fuck!?"

"Huh!?"

Kitsu just jumped up and shoved a fist through Gully's chest. And ripped out her heart!

"Oh god!" Pinky screams.

Kitsu runs to her, jumps up and grabs her face. Knocking her over and tipping her chair back. Kitsu then jumps and tackles Fire and pins him to the wall before a sickening crack is heard and he slumps.

Pinky didn't get up.

'Crap!' I yell at myself. 'Think. Think! I need to think!'

As I'm screaming at myself to move. Jenny's hand reconfigures itself and Kitsu runs over in a blur. Seemingly teleporting in front of her. Before with a single movement. Kicks her head off!

"Oh shit! Oh fuck!" Eric is hyperventilating at this point.

"Hey Ben!" Kitsu says cheerfully as she looks to me. "Why aren't you helping?"

Her eyes cheerful and uncaring as ever.

'What?' I think to myself.

"You can handle yourself right?" Kitsu says as she stalks forward calmly. "But can you handle others?"

She's in front of me now. And grabs my face. When all of a sudden, my body goes slack.

'Why isn't my watch activating!?' I panic.

"It seems, you can't." She says as I drop. "You're a bright kid. And have outstanding potential. I mean, if I was Hisoka, oh boy! SHWING!"

'What?' I think to myself as I stare at the floor.

"But back to the point." She says. "This is your potential. Wasted. If only, you had people you could count on. Vicky and Eric bolted as soon as Jenny dropped. You're all alone. If only you had a team.'

'What is going on!?' I try to scream in panic. But my body won't listen.

Why is she doing this!? Why did the others leave me?! Why won't my watch's failsafe activate!?

WHAT'S HAPPENING!?

"Alright! I think that's enough!" Kitsu says.

'Huh?' Is all I can numbly think as she grabs my head and my I regain movement.

I jump up in an instant. Ready to go Feedback and fend off the Endstopper.

Only. I stare in confusion as everyone is just, getting up and putting the chairs back.

"We good?" I hear Vicky call from the hall.

"Yeah!" Fire says as he sits back down. "You're good!"

"What?" Is all I can say. "But, but, but you?"

"People often get so caught up in my other abilities." Kitsu says. "That they forget my most powerful. Illusions."

"Why!?" I demand as I my heart still pounds against my chest.

"To show you there's always a bigger fish." Kitsu says. "You're actively refusing to work with the team. And Gully is too nice to do anything mean to set you straight. So I set all this up. To show you there are situations you can't handle on your own."

"That, that's not fair!" I say in defiance. "You caught me off guard! And there's no one as strong as you!"

All this for a stupid friendship lesson?!

"So?" She shrugs. "Villains aren't going to let you cycle through your watch. Strength isn't everything. And no one. Is strong enough on their own to deal with everything."

"What are the odds I fight someone who-" I try to defend.

"Keep being the way you are and it's a guarantee." She cuts me off. Losing her smile. "Refuse to be a team player. And you're off the team."

"That's not fair!" I say.

It's not! This, this is all I wanted! I just want to prove I'm as good as her! Why is that a bad thing?

"Life isn't fair." She says. "You're not the be all end all. Get over yourself, and be better."

She walks off after that. Taking her pet beetle to it's new room.

As everyone heads off to do, whatever. I stay here to contemplate what just happened. The whiplash of everything that just happened and how, I don't know.

"As harsh as that was." Gully says as she sits down next to me. "She's right. Things are only expected to get worse. And we can't have you running off like you have been."

I say nothing. There's nothing to say.

"We need you to be a team player." Gully says soothingly. "Not a solo act. What happens when you run off, and come across someone who has a paralyzing power. You're not in mortal danger so your failsafe doesn't activate, but you can't do anything."

She's right. Again.

"Your failsafe might keep you from being killed." Gully continues. "But you need to understand. There are worse things than dying. And as Kitsu showed you, you can't defend against everything. You need a team. And Ben? We want you on the team."

'But you don't need me.' I think to myself. 'If I don't, be better. Then, then.'

"Okay." I agree with a small nod.

.

.

-Thursday, July 29th, Mall, 6pm-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"Okay, you need five notebooks, two packs of pencils, highlighters, graph paper, erasers, pens, scissors, and a ruler." I tell the little girl as she grabs a basket. "And no super speed. There are other kids here and I don't want to hear you barreled over another kid."

"Got it!" She salutes before marching into the supplies store as I follow after.

She insisted on wearing a pageboy hat and long coat for some reason. Something about going incognito. Not that I see how that's possible with her. Though people seem to not be bothered.

I see an area with a bunch of other parents all sitting and chatting near the checkout entrance. Deciding I have nothing better to do. I go and sit in an empty seat as I wait for Kitsu to come back with a cart as opposed to a basket.

"Which one is yours?" One of the parents asks.

Looking over to the mother. She's a taller woman with brown hair set in a bun. Pale skinned and wearing a pink shirt with jeans.

'Doesn't seem suspicious.' I think to myself.

"The one in a trench coat." I say.

"Trench coat?" She asks, her tone confused.

"She insisted on it." I say explain. "She's a bit of a fashionista and considers it 'Going incognito'." I say with air quotes.

"Oh, is she a bit of a diva?" She asks, making small talk. "My Samantha is all into fashion. She won't leave the house unless her hair and nails are perfect."

"Something like that." I say, keeping the conversation going without giving away too much. "We don't have any issues with her not being on time at least. Though, she's still indecisive on what she wants to wear."

"I wish." She says with a huff. "I don't know where Samantha got it from. I was always a tomboy growing up. Fishing with my dad, camping in the woods. And she's the exact opposite of me and her father!"

"Oh don't get me started on my husband." I say as I roll my eyes. "If he were here instead of me, they'd come back with an RC car instead of any school supplies."

"Daddy's little girl?" She says with a knowing smirk.

"Undoubtedly so." I say with a sigh.

"She your first?" She asks.

"Third." I say as I hold up my fingers to indicate the number.

"Ooh!" She says teasingly. "Someone's active."

"Two are adopted." I correct as I look back to the kids and try to find Kitsu.

"Oh, there's nothing wrong with that." She says. "But he really shouldn't play favorites. Especially with his biological daughter while having two adopted kids."

At this point I'm about done with her. This started out nice. Now it's getting into self righteous territory.

"She's not his." I say. "She's one of the adopted."

"Oh." She says taken aback. "Is she the oldest? I can understand then, I mean if you tried for so long and only just got a-"

"She's the youngest." I say.

"Oh, well if the others are boys then-"

"All girls. Oldest is ours by blood." I correct again before turning my head to her with a fake smile. "How about instead of trying to rationalize my family you just focus on your own? Hmm?"

"Well at least mine isn't so ass backwards." She defends with an ugly look. "A father favoring the youngest adopted over his own blood? What kind of man wou-"

"Finish that sentence and I won't stop her." I cut her off as Kitsu turns visible next to her, just out of her range of view.

"Stop who?" She asks.

"Me." Kitsu says.

The woman swings her head to look at the girl. She has the cloak buttoned up and her tail tucked around her waist under the coat, making her look, big boned.

"Run along sweetie." The pretentious twat says. "Adults are talking."

"Can I kill her?" Kitsu asks as she looks to me.

"What do you think?" I ask rhetorically. "Did you find everything you need?"

"I did, and I think I wanna at least hurt her." She says.

"God your family is messed up." The woman says as she stands up and walks away.

Kitsu watches her go. The other parents watching the whole ordeal while pretending not to.

"Let's just go." I say as I stand up.

"Alright." She says with a shrug as she takes the hat off and unfurls her tail from under the coat. "These are itchy anyway."

"I thought you were going unnoticed?" I point out as we make it to the register.

"I just don't like when kids try to grab my tail." She says as she places her basket on the conveyer belt.

She got all the merchandized supplies. Vista pencil case, Panacea safety scissors. New Wave notebooks with everyone on them. A Vista themed ruler. And Armsmaster erasers.

"I thought you hated Armsmaster." I say as the pack of erasers gets rung up.

"Oh I do!" She says happily.

"Then why get erasers with his face on them?" I ask as I pull out my credit card.

"Because the more I use them, the more his face slowly fades away." She says wistfully.

"You have problems." I say as I grab the receipt and grab the bags.

"Name someone you know who doesn't." She counters.

I say nothing as we walk out of the store and head to the next for a backpack. She is right after all.

"Can we check out the food court after we get a backpack?" Kitsu asks.

"We have food at home." I say.

"I never said I was going to eat." She says as she skips forward and starts walking backwards in front of me.

"Then why would you need to go to the food court?" I ask with a raised brow.

*Rrrr* *Rrrr* *Rrrr*

Before she can answer. The security alarms start blaring as people start running to the exit in a panic.

"Oh come on!" Kitsu whines as she slouches. "We were so close to a normal day!"

.

.

-Meanwhile, food court-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"Thanks." I say with practices smile to the boy. "I'm happy to know I have you supporting me!"

'Kill me.' I say internally. 'Someone, please.'

PR duty sucks. PR patrol is one thing. There's a chance something will happen and I'll get to do something.

Here I feel like I'm just a tool. Meant to play up the cutesy act for support from the public. It's so dehumanizing. Like I'm just an object for people to gawk at. Rather than appreciate me for my work, or my power. I'm appreciated for my role in being a mascot.

I don't know how the others put up with this.

"Hi!" A little girl of about five or six says as she walks up to me. "My name's Tatiana!"

"Hi there Tatiana!" I say with a smile. "How are-"

*Rrrr* *Rrrr* *Rrrr*

The alarm blares as people start running around the corner. Barreling past in a frenzied panic as they all rush to the doors.

"What's going on!?" I shout to Miss Militia at the other table.

"One second!" She shouts, her fingers to her ear's comms as she jogs over to me and Chris. "Villain attack! Rune is facing off against Viktor and Othala."

"I'll take out Rune!" Chris says as he takes his pulse pistols and sets them to configure into the hoverboard he's so proud of.

"No." Miss Militia says with a hand held up to stop him. "I need you two to cover evac at the exits."

"That's bull!" I say, irritated at the sidelining. "Let us help! We can-"

"I know you want to help." Miss Militia says as she starts her jog towards the action. "But the people need you more than I do!"

'This is bullshit!' I yell to myself.

.

.

-Return to the otherside of the mall-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I round the corner to the source of the fighting.

"You just wrecked my favorite clothes shop dickhead!" A girl riding a broom says.

She's got a cutesy, goth magical girl thing going on. With a red and black cloak over red and black robes. Long blonde hair flowing down from under her hood. The hood itself covering her eyes.

"You need to get your priorities in check girl!" I hear a the man in red and black say as he breaks off some railing and tosses it at the floating girl.

"Me!? You're following Hookwolf of all people!" She counters as she floats out of the way.

The railing hits some lights in the wall. Imbedding themselves and sparking off as they lights shatter.

"He's got a vision for the bay!" The man who I now realize is Viktor says. "Something Kaiser was too afraid to have!"

Looking around, I see a trashed Hot Topic, a cleared out Starbucks, and a few other generic stores. Including the flower shop me and Dennis went to.

…

I go to the flower shop for materials. A plan in mind. Turning invisible as I do so, so as to avoid any attention from the two Neo Nazi's. Running through the shop, I spot a girl in a red bodysuit hiding behind a few ferns. Seeming to try desperately to blend into the foliage as she observes the two.

Gotta say. Girl got some curves. That bodysuit is working.

What? I can look!

But besides the butt, it's the red Odal rune on the back that gets my attention.

'Othalla.' I think to myself at the sneaky girl.

I grin as I look at the plants and get an idea.

No plan survives contact with the enemy. And plans change.

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

'Where did that trouble maker go!?' I think to myself as I jog around the corner to the fight.

And immediately dodge back to said corner as a trashcan sails past me. Spilling its contents as it clatters to the floor.

"Give it up man!" The crimson teen on the broom says. "Unless you can fly you're screwed!"

I decide to stay here behind the corner and observe. All I have is my reinforced padding under my clothes. Enough for a fight with a crook. Not for a villain. So I need to play this safe and wait for the right moment.

"And you need to learn evasive maneuvers!" The crimson suited man says as he yanks two pieces of railing and throws them. Discus tossing one before twirling with the force to give him more wind up with the second throw.

"AAAAAAAAH!" A high pitched scream gives off as Viktor stumbles. Throwing the rail into the ground like a javelin as opposed to hitting the teen witch cosplayer.

"OTHALA!" He screams as he bolts towards the plant store.

I take the opportunity to run forward and tackle him into a headlock. My foot behind his ankle as I kick back and roll us. My legs wrapping around his waist as I catch him off guard. Forming two daggers and holding the two blades of light inches from his neck.

"Move and you die." I say sternly for him to hear.

"You're bluffing." He says. "You're a hero!"

"Stand your ground law." I bullshit as the sound of screaming continues, followed by choked sobs.

Massachusetts is a duty to retreat state.

"Make it stahp!" The voice wails. "Pleashe!"

'What the fuck is going on in there?' I think to myself.

As I'm momentarily distracted by the woman's pleas. Viktor yanks my arms away. And, without touching the hardlight daggers, twists my arms to double chicken wing me. I dispel the daggers as my wrists tap my opposing elbows and he tosses me forward. Over the ledge, where the railing would've been had he not torn it off.

"Fuck!" I curse as I tuck into my emergency ball to avoid the collision.

My heart pounds at the darkness surrounding me as all agency and perception fades.

I hate using this. But it was either the all encompassing darkness, or a broken leg.

I count to three as I start to wish I'd just taken the broken leg.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I smash Viktors face into the ground. Again and again until he stops trying to get back up.

I come out of the shop to find this PIeCeoF sHit tossing Mom over the ledge!

"If you hurt her." I whisper into his ear. "I'll make you an Asian woman and hand you over to Lung to be put in the snuff pits."

I walk over to the edge were we're on the second floor of the mall. Looking over, I see mom's curled into her defensive ball.

"It's your lucky day Loser." I say as I turn to glare at the waste of genetic material. "She's fine."

I stumble as a pipe hits me in the back of the head.

"Fuck off freak!" I hear Hocus Racist call out. "This is a family matter!"

I turn to the scowling schoolgirl. Flying around on her broom. And decide to have a little fun. I already got Othala and Viktor. I've met my quota on nazi's to beat the crap out of.

"Who are you?" I ask with a tilt of my head.

Her sneer somehow gets worse as the pipe from before swings around a smacks me again. Only this time it doesn't do anything as I activate my immovable.

"Um, Racist Pocus?" I ask as the pipe smacks me again. "The ScribbleNazi! Sailor, White power? Aryankazam!" I say as she keeps smacking the pipe into me with her telekinetic powers.

Miss Militia skirts around the corner and aims her green smoke turning rifle at the walking Twitter cancelation. Firing once at the unsuspecting girl and nailing the end of her broom, causing her to tailspin into the third floor railings and fall off.

"Urgh!" She groans as she gets up and leans over on the railing to shout down at us. "Fuck you I'm out!"

"Wait!" I shout to the girl running to a bench.

"No!" She shouts as she does something to said bench.

"Go ahead!" I have her voice say from where she is with my illusions.

"Okay!" I say back. "I have a few more names I think fit you!"

I'm buying time here as I use my illusions to leave a decoy as I turn invisible and hop up to the third floor railing.

Othala is still screaming in the distance by the way. And I have to keep myself from laughing at it.

I'm using that trick more often.

"Fuck off!" She yells from her spot by the bench. Not breaking her concentration as she carves into the wooden bench. A glowing finger making its way slowly across the surface.

"That wasn't me!" I illusion.

She perks up a bit that one. Nearly losing her focus. "Wait that actually-"

"That one was me!" I cut her off as I sneak forward. "No it wasn't!"

At this point I'm just trolling her. Getting her more and more frustrated as she struggles to keep her focus.

"Yes it was! I regret every life decision that got me here!" I keep up the voices.

"Okay, that one isn't-"

"It's not true!"

"Fuck off!" She snaps, standing up and hopping onto the now floating bench.

"What?!"

"I just want a hug."

She rises up and turns the bench made hoverboard towards the skylight. In response to this, I form an invisible glass pane over where she would need to fly. Preparing to jump and catch her.

Only for that to prove unnecessary as a dart finds its way into her neck.

Surprised and frantic, she smacks her hand to the offending projectile. Pulling it out with a curious look as she inspects it. Before stumbling, her bench losing altitude as it drops. The girl falling back as the bench becomes reacquainted with gravity. Both come tumbling down in heaps as I run and jump.

Catching the teenage nazi Mr. Incredible style as we make it to the other side of the open area. We land on the flooring of the third floor, opposite of where we were.

"Fuggin, bullshit." She says as her head lolls to the side.

"Can it Puella Madoka Swastika." I say as I set her down. "Before I turn you into Mami."

She looks to me in a daze, her eyes losing focus with every second. "The, fuc-." Is all she gets out before her eyes shut and her body slumps fully.

Othala is still screaming and crying. Just, less so.

I take my time to look around the area. Taking in the destruction the C-List villains caused.

Torn railings, smashed stores, glass everywhere. For only being the veritable bottom of the barrel. They did a decent number on the place. I mean, literally anyone in New Wave could do more. But still, this is nothing to scoff at.

I turn my head back to the unconscious girl.

"Who are you?"

.

.

Hana "Miss Militia" POV

.

"Is she alright!?" I call to the girl as my power recedes back into me and I close the case on the pouch where I keep my tranq darts.

"Yeah!" Kitsu calls as I see Brandish come up on the escalator.

"Pleheheheeeese!" Othala pants. "It burns!"

"Brandish." I call to the other hero on site as I jog to the downed Viktor. "Can you attend to Othala while I take care of Viktor?"

She regards me for a half second as she reaches the floor. "Yeah." She says tiredly as she heads towards the botany store.

"Pieces of shit." Viktor grumbles as I take a pair of cuffs and force his arms behind his back.

"You have the right to remain silent." I start as I heft him up by the cuffs.

"Fuck you and your rights." He says with venom in his voice. "We all know how this works."

"Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law." I continue as he ignores me.

"I go through the court, and before I get caged. Hookwolf busts me out." He goes on as I bring a finger to my comms.

"You have the right to an attorney, if you cannot afford an attorney, one will be provided for you." I finish off. "Do you understand the rights I have just read to you?"

He doesn't say anything as Brandish walks out of the botany store with a sweaty, panting, crying, red faced Othala in tow.

"O!" Viktor shouts. "What did that freak of nature do to you!?"

"I burnsh!" Othala cries. Her one visible eye wet and red from tears. "I jush wannit to shtahhap!"

"What did she do?" I ask Brandish.

"I just gave her a leaf." I suddenly hear next to me.

Swinging my head to the side. I see the fox themed girl by my side. Dragging the unconscious Rune by the back of her robes.

"What, kind of leaf?" I ask.

"One I modified to have more capsaicin than a Ghost Pepper." She shrugs.

"It burnsh." The pitiful image of Othala cries.

"You poisoned her!?" Viktor shouts as he struggles. Trying to break free, but whatever strength boost Othala gave him has since worn off.

"No, I just force fed her the worlds worst one bite challenge." She says as she reaches up to grab his arm.

In a split second. Viktor goes slack as he starts snoring. Fast asleep as his weight is forced on me.

It's a wonder anyone tries anything here with Kitsu around.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

Oddities

.

.

-Merchant Warehouse Hideout-

.

.

Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane POV

.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck." I curse under my breath as I rummage through my lab. "Where is it, where is it!"

The Empire split apart. Kaiser is missing and the lieutenants have all gone off and made their own factions.

Hookwolf is rampaging. Desperately trying to increase his territory like the rabid dog he is. Mechanic has been driving him off, no pun intended. But there's only so much we can do from the defensive. Stormfront is kidnapping my people and selling them! Without Permafrost or Carnage there's little we can do to ward them off.

At least Purity is sitting still.

Mush is useless. A figurehead to keep non powered roaches from trying to claim the trash heap he calls home.

Mechanic can only do so much on his own.

And Snowflame is too busy running our drug empire to step in.

My men are antsy, we lost our two heavy hitters and have no prospects of recruiting more. So I have no choice. My test run of the vial gas was a success. I just need to condense it more. Make it more concentrated. So that I can make more capes for us.

Or that would be the plan.

If I could find the fucking vials!

And then I see it. Hidden under my desk. The metal case for the vials. Popped open and empty.

"WHO!?" I scream. "WHO TOOK THEM!?"

.

.

-West Slums, apartment near Winslow-

.

.

Melanie Alderos POV

.

"You got the stuff?" Fiona asks as she opens the door to let me in to the apartment.

"Oh yeah." I say as hold up the cooler. "Right where the hat lady said they'd be."

"Who would've thought, powers in a bottle." Jason says as he reaches for the cooler.

"Still waiting to see it to believe it." Gary says from the couch in Fiona's apartment. "Crazy lady says go here on this day at this time and do this, you'll have powers? Bullshit."

"Only one way to find out for sure." Sam says as they tap their thighs impatiently.

"It could be poison." Gary points out as he leans forward appreciatively. "Just, throwing that out there."

'He's right.' I think to myself as I Jason takes the cooler.

"Why set up this elaborate ritual just to poison us?" Fiona asks incredulously as she closes the door behind me.

"Why set up this elaborate ritual just to give us super powers?" Gary counters back.

"I don't know!?" Fiona says.

"Aaaand kiss." Sam says with a smirk.

"Fuck off!" Fiona and Gary shout to the non-binary.

"Someone needs to be the guinea pig." Gary says immediately. "And I'm not it."

"Don't look at me!" Fiona says with an offended look.

"You ain't tossing me to the fires like that." Sam says as they lean back in their seat. "I'm calling in that favor."

"Giving me a ride to work does not equal any life or death bullshit!" Fiona says.

"Guys, there's only way to settle this." I say as I step between the group, hoping to avoid any fighting.

"Nose goes?" Gary says after a brief pause.

"Nose goes." I say with a nod. "On the count of three. One, two, three!"

"Nose goes!" We all shout as we touch our index fingers to our nose.

"Who was last?" Sam asks tentatively as he scans the room. Looking for any indicators of a slow goer.

"Did anyone, where's Jason?" Gary asks suddenly.

"What's up?" Jason says as he pops around the corner of the kitchen as he uncorks one of the bottles and downs it. "Someone say my name?"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N I listened to Epic The Musical and got inspired. Hence the name, Oddities.

But yeah. After everything that's happened in the last week. I just need a break. So, this story and all others are officially on hiatus until further notice.

I'm sorry.
This was at the original posting, and does not apply
.

.

.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

RadChaos897: I've actually had a blue banana before, it really did taste like vanilla ice cream and it blew my mind. I also recommend those grapes that taste like cotton candy, those were also pretty good.

Newb: Lucky bastard!

I've had the grapes. Didn't like'em.

.

FOR KITSU!

RadChaos897: Suggestion: create a line of fruits that taste like ice creams, you've already got vanilla, chocolate, and can easily do strawberry, so maybe you could do more complex flavors like cookies n' cream, rocky road, and birthday cake. Kitsu's Ice Cream Fruits!

Kitsu: I tried! The FDA hates me!

RadChaos897: Did you know that there is a fruit that tastes like marshmallows? It's called the "Terap Fruit", but you should also know that it smells like diesel fuel for some odd reason. A little biokinesis should fix that though, so no worries.

Kitsu: I do now!

.

.

FOR ONE TIME ONLY!

NEIL!

None

NEXT TIME!

BEN!

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews.

I'll see you all later!
.

Find in newb's-grotto at the discord!

.

Link to the discord: discord. gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, macdjord, Finsdale and 125 others
Newb to the game
Jul 5, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 58 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 6, 2024
Add bookmark
#457
A/N Break in's and Break out's

Alt title: Escape is today's special word kids!

.

I am now cross posting on QQ!
Still am, currently writing ch. 68 on FFN
But yeah. After this I'm slowing down considerably. Unless the muses hit hard.
It didn't slow
That and crossposting onto QQ with their format is taking forever.
Still is
I'm needing to full on rewrite half of each chapter!
Not since the QQ update
.

Fun fact!

I keep getting people asking me what drugs I take to write so much!
Still am.
Seeing as I've written 510k plus in under a year.
Total at the 1 year mark was 640k!
.

In other news! I'm making a Gamer Gacha Fic about a snow elf princess in Skyrim. Who was sealed away to protect her from the invading Nords. And woke up at the start of the Skyrim campaign and now has a grudge on humanity.
It's not dropped. Voting has just not gone her way.
.
-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Saturday, July 31st, Central Hideout, 9am-

.

.

Brad "Hookwolf" Meadows POV

.

Pacing around my table. I struggle to keep myself calm as I look at the board.

"Down two capes." I grumble as I set my hands on the map. I stare down at it. Boring holes into the material with my gaze. As though staring long enough will solve my problems.

'Viktor was useful.' I think to myself. 'A one man swiss army skill kit. But Othala, Othala was the real prize.'

Her ability to grant powers. However limited it is. Was going to be crucial to my plans. She was the ace in the hole I saving! Not to mention our healer! She was our cash cow! Gone!

"Rrrr!" I growl as my blood pumps faster. "Why the FUCK would Viktor fuck us over like this!"

I toss the table in my rage. Flipping it against the wall causing the pins and strings in the map to fly out and scatter. Ruining my war map. Not that a war map has much use without a board of generals. And I only have one left.

'It's all that damned fox's fault.' I think to myself as my blood boils.

If she had never shown up. Never went from roaming menace to New Wave house pet. Never decided to FUCK EVERYTHING UP!

I throw another chair.

"Boss." Cricket's voice synthesizer goes off.

I look to the door where said pit fighter, and only remaining cape under my command, stands. A concerned look on her face as her eyes scan the room. Taking in all the destruction.

"What?" I ask curtly as I straighten myself up.

Bringing the voice synthesizer back to her throat. She speaks again.

"Our informant in the PRT has come through." She says after a moment's pause. "We know the route the transport is going to take."

I calm down a bit at that. Though my blood still boils in my veins. A grin makes its way to my face under my mask.

"Well then." I say, a hint of anticipation in my voice. "When do we suit up?"

"Soon." Cricket's synthetic voice rings out. "They want to extradite them quickly. To avoid another Undersiders situation."

I think on that. It'll be a tough pull without time to plan. But it'll be doable. Though, something in my gut tells me that isn't right. If avoiding a break out is their goal. Why not wait? Do it when things calm down?

Or are they trying to slip this under my nose? Make me think the smart thing is to wait so that they can slip them under my nose.

Either way, I can't afford to wait and have them pass through my fingers.

"We have a date and time?" I ask.

.

.

-Monday, August 2nd, PRT District, 1pm-

.

.

Fuck this is risky.

Twelve blocks from city hall to the west. Central PRT territory, two blocks from their dispatch to the south. And passing a police station. This is the only part of the route that has the sort of traffic needed to force the heroes into holding back.

We got one shot, and we gotta make it count. Three relatively weak capes. But without them my faction is the first to go. Systematically pulled apart as we lose member after member. My own men are getting unruly, and I had to kill a few to get them out here.

This fails? I either escape and fade as my chosen lose all respect for me. Or I go out with a bang as the capes in blue chain me down like the wolf my people are named for.

"We got incoming." Cricket says next to me.

We're posted on a building across from the police station. Ducked under the ledge to avoid any camera views. Not the smartest placement. But it's all we've got.

"How sure are you?" I ask.

"Vehicle is much heavier than a normal vehicle, sound of the wheels tell it only has four. And the hollowness says it's not material transport." She relays her sonar.

You learn to not question things too much when working with capes. And I've worked with Cricket long enough to trust her.

"How far?" I ask, ready to shift at a moment's notice.

She holds up three fingers.

'Three blocks.' I think to myself. Still ready to shift at a moment's notice.

Two fingers.

The boys are all off to the sides. Hiding in the crowd as we await the transport. I don't really trust non capes. But they're good for what they're meant for.

One finger.

Meat shields. Here to take a hit and slow the cops down.

Fist.

"Let's do this!" I shout, hopping the ledge as I call on my hooks.

I feel them extend, swirling out of me as I hone in on the PRT Transport. Three vans, three chances.

People scatter as I touch the sidewalk with my clawed limbs. Now fully encased and charging.

"He who strikes first wins!" I roar as I charge the middle van. Flipping a Sedan and a Prius out of the way as I run. The alarms sounding as the crashing of metal fills my ears.

I bite into the roof of the middle car. Sinking my hooked fangs into it as hard as I can. Feeling the reinforced metal bend and bow.

So close!

.

.

Melody "Cricket" Jurist POV

.

'Shit shit shit shit shit!' I curse as I run down the stairwell of the building complex we were on.

Something's wrong. I tried to tell Brad, but he took off and my synthesizer isn't loud enough to carry my voice that far.

Of all the times to regret not letting O heal me. It had to be when we're busting her out. Assuming she's even in one of those trucks.

I make it to the bottom of the stairwell and sprint out past the civvies running in from the streets. Their looks of fear and recognition on seeing me, a pleasant delight as I bolt past and out the doors to the sidewalk.

I burst out of the doors to scene before me. Blood and gore already marring the sidewalk where Brad landed on a few pedestrians.

'I need to warn him!' I think frantically as I rush past the two bodies. 'There's a high pitched sound coming from the first van!'

I run, only to stop as my sonar says that the van's not in front of me.

'What?' I think as I look around.

There's Brad, ripping the roof off of the middle van. But.

!

I unsheathe my kusarigama and swing it in a wide arch before me as I jump back and land on the air. My sonar telling me it's a parking block pole I'm on. But my eyes tell me I'm floating.

'Kitsu!'

I nearly vomit as the landscape around me twists and warps itself. Turning the fake imagery into a fucky Salvador Dali meets Vincent Van Gogh on acid.

I close my eyes and rely solely on my sonar. Trusting it to guide me as I rush forward.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Want shome?" I ask Missy as hold out the bag of grapes.

"Sure." She shrugs as she takes a small vine.

We're sat on the steps of the police station watching the chaos unfold. We were in the second van, but ditched with the help of my illusions and Missy's space powers a few blocks down.

I was able to tell Cricket was nearby by the distinct feedback her synthesizer gives off when it's used. And from their it was a matter of using my illusions to absolutely mindfuck the two. Though my attention is split so I just have a panoramic bubble around Cricket's head. Messing with her vision and showing her something different from what's around her. I put it on her as soon as she stepped out of the building. And I put one on Hookwolf as soon as he jumped the ledge.

Meanwhile, me and Missy are invisible. From their view.

All three vans are empty of any prisoners. The PRT fed a known mole the fake info and came up with this plan. Basically to bait Hookwolf out and capture him. Allowing the other two factions to quickly take what little territory he's maintained. And it gives us an advantage as it lets us determine the battlefield.

Brockton Bay is at war. There's no denying that. The news has been covering it as fights have been breaking out all over the place. The little skirmish at the mall was a lucky break on our side. Rune, Othala, and Viktor didn't know I was at the mall, which is in Hookwolf's territory, so they went all out.

Enough exposition!

Miss Militia and Dauntless step out of the first van. Turning to the roided out metal mutt. Miss Militia calls in.

"This is Miss Militia, calling in a Class Five Crisis." I hear over Missy's comms.

"What's level five?" I ask.

"Law enforcement can help." She says placatingly as she tilts her head. "But this is a hero problem. Oh, and limited collateral is allowed."

As she says that, a fucking RPG slams into the side of Hookwolf's metal wolf head.

"Some?" I ask as I give her a flat stare.

"Yes." She says. "Some. She didn't do any more damage than was necessary. That was a low yield RPG."

I just stare at her as I think about that while Dauntless jumps onto Hookwolf. He's gotten faster since I last saw him. Though remembering how his power works, it's his boots granting him speed. And it's just the enhancement that has gotten better.

Still a badass power. Why didn't we get more of it from canon?

"Soooo, can I?" I start as I keep Cricket in my line of sight as she whips her chain scythes at Dauntless.

Only for Missy to flick a hand up and have the weapon fly up into the air.

"No." She says plainly as she eats another grape. "You're here in case things get worse."

"Boo!" I call out as I stick out my tongue at her. "Mllnn."

Only for her to put a grape on said tongue and force it in my mouth.

"That was cheap." I accuse as I swallow the grape.

She puts her hand on my head. Leaning into her as I expect my obligatory apology scratches. She turns my head back to the fighting.

"Stay focused." She says as she swipes her hand, causing the ground to move under Cricket as she steps. Her foot touching a spot that slides, forcing her into the splits with a crack coming from her.

Wait a minute! I recognize that move!

"Hey!" I say as I turn my view from the pit fighter currently nursing her hip. "That was from season two of Avatar! You've been watching it without me!"

Missy blushes as she just eats another grape.

"You can't prove anything." She says after a moment.

I go to say something, but I hear the truck being lifted. Turning my attention to the fighting, I see Hookwolf has gotten a little bit bigger and is now more werewolf than just a wolf. Going from nine feet at his shoulders while quadruped. To a story and a half biped. Oh. And he's ripped the back doors of the van off.

"Where are they!?" He roars as he shoves his hand into the back of the van.

Picking it up and wielding it like gauntlet. He swings it at Dauntless and Miss Militia. The former being sent flying as he raises his shield up to block. The later rolling out of the way.

Miss Militia goes to her radio as Hookwolf swings the armored van in our direction. I hop up, ready to catch the flying vehicle before it hits us. Preventing Missy from becoming a green and red pancake.

"Eep!" Missy squeaks as she throws her arms up.

The sidewalk in front of us curves up as the van smashes into it. Slowly going back down as Missy calms.

Or I can just sit here as I watch the wall melt back into a sidewalk. I turn to the blushing blonde currently curled into herself. A shit eating grin on my face as she looks away and tries to act like she didn't just squeak like she got jump scared.

"That was a cute sound you made." I tease as I suddenly find my vision going sideways.

"Are you okay!?" Missy franticly asks.

"Ow!" I say as I get up and look around.

Hearing the thunking and looking up the stairs at the tire making its way up the stairs. Before hitting the steps at an odd angle and bouncing back down. I catch it this time before it smacks me in the head. Again.

I forgot we're in an active fight zone. Should probably get Missy out of here.

"Hey red rover!" I shout to Hookwolf.

But not before I have some fun.

"Fetch!" I say and throw the tire.

Or what looks to be the tire. I made the tire invisible and the one he's swiping at is an illusion. He whiffs as the real tire hits his armored forms knee. Popping on the barbed surfaces and sending him tumbling.

"Holy crap." I say under my breath. "I actually hit what I was aiming for!"

I hear a sickening crack in the distance. Just past Hookwolf. And I lean over to see Cricket had gotten up and popped her hip back in place. Gritting her teeth as she starts running to the side behind some cars.

"I'll be back." I say to Missy before I turn to her. "On second thought."

I scoop her up bridal style. Mentally noting to tease her over her squeaks later. I run over and jump to the roof of the police station and set her down.

"You stay here and do what you do best. Keep Hookwolf on his feet." I say before leaning up to give her a quick peck on the nose. "I have a bald bug to squash."

"Um, okay." She says through a blush.

"Love you!" I say and jump over the ledge to the fighting below as more capes arrive in the scene.

Looks like Aegis and Triumph have joined. With Aegis dive bomb sucker punching Hookwolf with his whole body. Dazing the metal giant as I sneak past. Ducking past cars and zipping around.

I don't need to do this. But it's fun! I get to be all sneaky! Crouching behind cars as the others have a boss fight. I have my own target. And she's making it too easy for me. The soft jingling sound of her chained hand scythes giving away her positions.

I get ready to jump roll across the street when-

*Crash*

Aegis crashes to the ground in front of me. He turns to look at me. His visible eyes cocking up at me in confusion.

"What are you, help please?" He asks as he grabs his shoulder and sets back into place.

I hold a finger to my lips.

"Shh!" I hush. "I'm hunting Cwickets!"

"What?" He tilts his head to me.

"Are you injured?" I ask.

"Um, not currently?" He says as a car crashes past him.

"Do you want to be?" I ask.

Not giving him time to respond. I illusion a springboard under him and launch him towards the metal man.

"I'll remember this!" He says as he flies back into the fray.

I just give a little wave with my fingers. Before turning back to the woman now sprinting down the sidewalk and away from the fight.

Deciding to get my fun in for the day. I chase after her. Along with an illusionary decoy to hopefully throw her off.

Seeing her turn to look behind her, her eyes widening upon seeing me and my decoy. Of which I turn invisible and leave a second decoy behind as I use illusions to fuck with her.

This is going to be fun!

.

.

Melody "Cricket" Jurist POV

.

Now I know I'm being fucked with. My sonar pulses were telling me things completely opposed to what I was seeing. And it was throwing me off so much I was ready to puke.

So when I got the chance. I ditched! I know a rigged fight when I see it. And Brad should've figured out by now that it was a trap.

But looking back and seeing two happy faces of the little blonde girl as she not only keeps pace, but is catching up to me? And the second pulse telling me both aren't real? Oh yeah.

I'm fucked.

Deciding to go out with a bang rather than a whimper. I turn around and unsheathe my weapons. Swinging one of the blades out to nick the two I see. Twirling the chain of my other blade to whirlwind it. Old habits of putting on a show.

My blade flies through the image of both the girls. And not long after, they shimmer out of existence. Turning to purple butterflies that swarm and flood my vision. Despite knowing they're not real. My sonar not even registering their presence. I nonetheless bring my arms up to shield my face as I try and jump back.

Only to fall as my knees catch on a bar that was not and isn't there!

'What the hell!?' I think to myself as I look up at the purple and pink sky.

A very unnatural sky. With blue clouds. It looks like it's made of cotton candy!

Getting up and looking around. I see I'm in a field of blue grass. And my sonar is telling me everything is real! No wait. Fuck! Now I'm being shot at!

By drunk invisible bees? That are morphing into bubbles? I'm about to cry at the contradictions.

What the fuck is going on!?

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I'm trying something new. Her sonar sense is just that, sonar. Sound. And I can make sound illusions.

So I'm using her reactions as a basis for testing my sonar. Now, l can't hear her sonar sense. So it must be under ten kHz. But I know she's using it. Otherwise she wouldn't have been moving so unbothered when I put my VR bubble on her.

That's what I'm calling it now.

With my VR bubble. I basically make an opaque bubble around the head of the person I'm targeting. And use my illusions to further mess with them. Creating visual illusions centered around the individual. Without the need to create massive illusions of the environment. Sacrificing quantity of people affected by an illusion, to selectively target a singular individual.

Would you believe I got this idea from watching a commercial for the 3DS?

As I'm sat atop a white Pontiac, I think, maybe, I don't know cars. I'm using Cricket as I test my sub sonic illusions. Going below my range of hearing for an illusion is very hard. But Cricket's react-

She just threw up. The vomit phasing through the VR bubble as it hits the sidewalk.

She freaks out and dashes forward.

*Crack*

Running full force into the wall. Breaking her nose and knocking her back as she cradles said nose.

As I torment the neo-nazi pit fighter. I can't help but ask myself one thing.

Where'd I leave my grapes?

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

'What kind of grapes are these?' I ask myself as I keep my eyes on the fight. 'They're really good.'

Aegis slams into Hookwolf a second time. Staggering him and forcing him to step. And I divot the ground where his foot would land. Causing his large form to just fall as he leg goes down.

Is it weird that one of the strongest capes is less than five hundred feet away from me. And is being treated like an inconvenience? All because I'm allowed to be here and I'm not being forced to the sidelines?

No. And I'm loving it.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Meh, I probably dropped them somewhere.

I decide to stop tormenting the girl. Who is currently on the ground in her own vomit and blood. Having tripped, cut herself, puked, and is now crying.

I'm not even showing her anything bad. Just a field of blue grass and cotton candy skies. But I've also been throwing nonsensical sonar signals at her. Watching her dodge nothingness, vomit from the nausea, and run into walls as I slowly figure out how to counter her sonar.

This is very valuable. The ability to just, mess with sonar? Not sure when I'll use it. But my mind in laser focused on what I'm learning.

Or was. As of now I've wrapped her chains around her and am dragging her through the streets to the fight. Mostly to avoid touching her.

She stinks.

As I make it to the site of the chaos with Hookwolf. Who is currently in a hole in the ground, his large metallic form struggling to break free.

"I got the other one!" I shout to the group of PRT.

I was only here in case Hookwolf decided to get extra violent, and they needed some on hand muscle. I convinced them to let Missy tag along. Vergil and Armsmaster are patrolling a few blocks east just in case.

Miss Militia comes over and takes the chain from me. She looks to the bloodied, vomit covered form of Cricket. Then regards me with an inquisitive look. Before she drops it. Likely not wanting to bother with thinking on it.

As she does so. More PRT Vans show up with foam sprayers. And start spraying down Hookwolf. Watching as the metal wolf man goes still and just, lets it happen.

"Should we be concerned he isn't, putting up more of a fight?" I ask out loud as he's fully sprayed.

"Maybe he's finally realized he's beaten." Aegis says confidently as he strikes a hero pose of looking up with his fists on his hips. As though to congratulate himself.

*Chink* *Scrape* *Klink* *Krr*

"He's digging!" I shout as I rush forward, past a few PRT, pushing Aegis out of the way.

I enhance my strength and tear into the foam cocoon. Ripping into it just in time to see him not be there. And for a massive hole to the sewer be where he was as the warped space of the asphalt turns to normal.

Miss Militia and Dauntless run up beside me to look into the cocoon hole.

"Shit!" She cursed as she goes to the radio and starts speaking into it.

Meanwhile I just step away. Not willing to go after the man through the sewers. We can always get him another time. We'll just be less kind about. Either way I am not going down there.

"At least we got the optional objective!" I say out loud as I point to Cricket being put in cuffs.

…

No one's listening to me.

.

.

-Monday, August 2nd, 3:30pm, Central Hideout-

.

.

Brad "Hookwolf" Meadows POV

.

"FUCK!" I yell as smash my table.

Lost my capes! Lost my cred! About to lose my crew!

All I have left is a gang. A gang of powerless imbeciles who're seeing the end, and jumping ship! I can't maintain my territory like this! I'm a lone wolf who needs a pack!

"It's not over." I tell myself as I pick a chair up and put back. "I just, need to find more capes! But, but where? And they need to be white. Fuck that's limiting my options."

Maybe I should ditch the supremacy shtick? I know I'd lose some men over it. But not all. Most of these fucks use it as an excuse to let loose anyway.

And what do I have to lose here? I'm down to my last ropes. Not like I got any appeasing to do. No ties to the Harrens or the german group. A few mud blood capes might be what I need. Power over practicality.

"Excuse me, is this where I can find a, Hookwolf?" A spic of a girl asks as she walks into my war room.

Tanned skin, tight jeans, yellow top. Long brown wavy hair and sunglasses. Indoors like some jackass.

She's got some nice curves though. Fuck it, I could use some relief. Get my head clear.

"What the fuck do you want?" I ask as I stand up and march to her.

"Oh, that would be you hot stuff." She says. "Heard you had a bad day, and you might need someone to, lend you a helping hand."

A prostitute. Well, if she's here, my boys must care about keeping me calm at least.

"Oh I'm sure you can lend more than just a hand." I growl as I grab her. Squeezing all the good parts as I feel myself get ready. My blood, pumping from my earlier rage and frustration, rushing downstairs.

"Of course." She says with a smile as I smell her, sweet, intoxicating perfume. "You can leave all your worries to me."

"And what might I call you?" I ask with a growl as she reaches for her glasses.

"You can call me, Circe." She says as she flutters her beautiful, brilliant blue eyes at me. Captivatingly surrounded by pink where the whites would be.

"You sure I can't call you, mistress?" I ask the beauty in front of me.

"I don't mind." She says with a heart fluttering smile.

.

.

Melanie "Circe" Alderos POV

.

These idiots are too easy. With Gary infiltrating the PRT long enough to confirm the trap before he was captured and detained. And Sam being able to track Hookwolf through the sewers. Finding this place was easy.

Gary killed himself to free up room for another Gary. Or, Geryon as he calls himself. Sam and Jason cleared the place out of anyone who would stop me as we walked about.

It was a chore to go through everyone. But soon enough, Fenrir's Chosen will be ours. And after this? The merchants. My power being, uniquely suited to taking over empires.

And after all, why build an empire, when you can take one? Hookwolf has the bare boned makings of one. Now we just need the manpower to maintain it.

Which we have.

For now though. Gotta do what you gotta do.

.

.

Gary "Geryon" Greyson POV

.

"Ahn! Oh fuck yes!" We all hear as Melanie, works her magic.

Me and Fiona are sat outside the door in case anything happens. With me sat in a squat as Fiona stands with her arms crossed.

"Sooo." Fiona draws out. "Wanna fuck?"

I give her a stupefied look. Hoping my face can convey all the words I wanna say.

"What?" She shrugs as though she didn't just ask that. "Hearing little miss pornstar has me riled up."

Fiona is dressed in a reflective blue and green diamond patterned bodysuit. Black shoulder pads, hip guards, and leather chest plate. Whereas I'm dressed in a grey jumpsuit.

Not like there's a point to making a unique suite with my power.

"In case you forgot." I say to her slowly. "I'm gay."

"Hey, close your eyes and you won't know the difference." She smirks as she leans against the wall.

She's fucking with me. Fiona and I have this back and forth that developed in high school. She's a typical beauty. Flawless skin, athletic body. Good curves. And I'll be honest and say that if that ass was on a guy I'd hit that at the drop of a hat.

The dynamic came about because I was in the closet and kept trying to get her to go out with me so I could be normal. She saw right through it. But agreed anyway and helped me out of my funk. Now I'm her gay best friend.

"Go fuck yourself." I say as I flip her off.

"If anyone here is fucking themselves, it's you." She shoots back.

I flip her off with the other hand as well.

Jason and Sam cleaned this place out. The sound of wolfy in there raging out covered up any sounds of the massacre we committed.

"We have a job to do." I say. Not entertaining the idea.

We have one goal in mind. Build an empire and take over. The PRT and other heroes have failed miserably. So, we decided that heroes isn't what Brockton Bay needs.

"Oh! Right there! Right- ahn!"

"Pfft, please." Fiona scoffs. "The only thing she's in danger of is an STD."

…

"Shit." I say with wide eyes. "That might actually be a problem."

"Fuck you're right." Fiona says as she looks back to me. "Should we?"

She nods her head to the door.

"Oh, so much!"

"Nose goes! Not it!" I say and put a finger to my nose.

Fiona flips me off.

.

.

-Tuesday, August 3rd, Dallon House, 6pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Kitsu!" I hear Mom calling.

Running out of my room where I'm testing out some vines. Running through the house and to the front where Mom is with a pile of letters in her hand. One is opened and she's reading through it.

"What's up?" I ask her as she parses through the letters.

"For you." She says and hands me the letter.

Dear Kitsu

We received your missive and attached documents. While there are some details that will need to be hashed out at a later date. We here at Wizards of The Coast are overjoyed to let you know that we find your submission of beta rules and guidelines for Dungeons and Dragons 5th edition to be, in a word, inspired. Your rules on armor class and attack bonuses especially so. The beta groups found it easy and comprehensive to learn as opposed to our current system.

We would also like to inform you that we thanks to you. The next edition of Dungeons and Dragons will be release years sooner than anticipated. And that you will credited as one of its major influences.

Sincerely: Wizards of The Coast LLC.

"Ahhhhhh!" I start squealing and hoping in place.

"What!?" Mom asks, wide eyed and spooked.

"Dungeons and Dragons! Fifth edition!" I squeal.

I just sped up the timeline of DnD by sending a thirty paged document of what I remember about the rules of DnD 5E! I won't have to wait until 2015! Maybe I can get Missy to play! And Dad! And Mom!

Missy could be a ranger! Dad could be a wizard! I could be a rogue! Mom could be a barbarian! Oh! Amy a cleric! It's perfect!

"Aaaah!" I keep squealing in excitement as Mom picks me up. "I'm so excited!"

"I can tell." Mom says plainly as she walks.

"Oh so many adventures await! We could set up campaigns! We could record it and post like Critical Role or Dimension Twenty!" I start going off. "I can get everyone into it! I would be the DM, OH! My illusion! We could have the most immersive campaigns without pouring hordes of money out!"

"Uh huh." Mom says as she sets me down.

"It could be our new game night!" I say as I roll to sit up on my knees. "We could, wait, hey!"

She just left me in my room.

.

.

-Wednesday, August 4th, Medhal General Hospital, 9am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"NEXT!" I shout as the man leaves.

Posted up in the hospital as I await the next case. Amy is off today and we're almost done. We're down to the last fifty or so people who were effected by the Case 53 gas. With us swapping out and even sharing days.

I'm not on any patrol today. And like I mentioned. Amy is off. So, with nothing better to do, I took over for the day. I'm two people down, and my mind wanders as I think towards my lunch break where Missy will likely come in and spend the hour with me.

'Wait, does Missy even patrol today?' I ask myself as I hear the newest set of footsteps approach.

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

"It's open!" I call.

After I say that. A taller boy of, I want to Arabic descent, or greek, or Native American. It's honestly hard to tell. His features are very nondescript in placing his ethnicity. The only clue being his light brown complexion and long black hair.

"Hello." He says with a smile.

And I already don't like him. The way he said that so, smugly. Like he knows something more than me and wants me to know he knows. But won't ever say it.

"Yo." I say with a wave. "What's wrong with ya?" I ask.

"Well, it's nothing wrong with me." He says coyly. "Rather, I have a friend I need you-"

"Is it your girlfriend?" I ask, cutting him off and earning a, satisfying look of surprise from him.

"Um, I, yes." He says after a moment of contemplation. "How did you?"

He leaves the question open as I mindlessly kick my feet.

"You're not the first person to come in here asking me to heal their girlfriend." I explain plainly "You're actually the fourth. Many people come in here asking for me to heal others who are to embarrassed or scared to show up themselves."

He blinks a few more times as he seems to take that in. Before regaining his earlier smugness.

"So you'll help me?" He asks in that shitface tone again.

"Can she come here?" I ask for details. "Or is she stuck somewhere because of her mutation?"

"She's not immobile." He starts off as he puts his hands behind his back. "But her current state makes travel, difficult."

'God! This guy is such a smarmy asshole!' I think to myself as I struggle to keep my frustration from showing.

"Soooooo, she can't come here herself?" I ask again.

"As I said before-"

"Yes or no." I cut him off as I lose my patience for the guy.

He stares me down impassively. No emotion on his for a good few seconds before responding.

"No." He says plainly. "She cannot."

Not the first time that's happened. Though hopefully this one is in city. Or else I'll have to schedule a date to help her. Like with Sveta. Got that coming up in a week.

Who would've thought an asylum has stricter security measures than a prison?

"Alright." I say casually as I pull out my phone and access the notes app. "Where is she, I'll come see her later."

"I, can't exactly give you that information." He says as he saunters back to the door with a hand in his pocket. "Rather, I need you to come with me, and when we're done-"

Sensing tomfoolery, I rush forward and grab his hand out his pocket. Just in time for smoke to seep out of his hand from a canister he had hidden.

In my brief moment of panic. He shoves the canister in my face.

.

.

Francis "Trickster" Krouse POV

.

I shove the canister in her face. Watching with a fierce thump in my chest as her eyes go wide. Before she disappears from my sight.

'This needs to work. It's all or nothing here.' I think to myself.

This is, honestly a very desperate measure. Going face to face with The Endstopper? Fuck I'm insane.

"What!?" I exclaim as I back into the door. Cutting off her possible exit.

*Crunch*

"FUCK!" I cry in pain as my arm is wrenched and I find myself flying through the air.

I crash into the sink hard enough to knock the wind out of my lungs. Landing upside down as I fall to the floor on my head.

In my daze and through my possible concussion. I hear the sound of the door being broken down. Looking over and focusing through the pain. I crack an eye open and see that the little menace has barreled through the door. And passed out right on it.

"Worth every buck." I say with a pained smile.

Scarecrow should quit his gangboss gig and get into the pharmaceutical business. Make some serious cash.

I don't have much time. My ears are ringing and my head is pounding from the possible concussion. With a pained shove I get up and hobble over to Kitsu, just in time for some guards to show up.

"Back off!" I say as I grab the girl by the neck and heft her up with surprising ease.

The guards just aim their guns at me and start firing. Even though I'm holding a child!

I duck back into the room to avoid any shots. Fishing into my pocket I grab the second of the three canisters. Not easy with only one arm!

Dropping the girl and tossing the canister. Listening as it hisses out, the guards panicking to scramble out of the way of the tear gas.

I fish into my shirt and pull out my bandana and swimming goggles.

"Fuck!" I curse. Realizing I can't tie a bandana with only hand. I discard it put the goggles on.

Just gonna have to hold my breath.

I reach down and grab the limp girl again. Hefting her to my side like a sack of dog food as charge through the cloud of grey mist. Holding my breath for dear life as I make it to the double doors.

Dropping the kid and pulling out a gun I snuck in using my powers, I shoot the magnetic locks on the top and bottom of the door. Holstering the gun in my pocket, I hoist the girl back up under my arm. And kick the doors open.

Running down the hall. I make it to the lobby and scan the windows.

"Freeze!" A guard calls out as several move to block the exit.

I stop moving as I keep my eyes to the distance. Looking for the prop.

'Come on!' I think to myself.

"Lay the girl down, and put your hands in the air!" The guards demand.

"I can't." I say calmly. "You see good sirs, my arm is broken."

"Put the girl down now!" He repeats.

'Luke you better hurry the FUCK UP!' I think irritatingly.

As I think that, I see the top half of a ballistics dummy prop itself up on an adjacent building. The bottom half hidden by the buildings ledge.

Perfect.

I reach out with my power, tethering me to the statue.

2.4678 seconds.

"Well men." I calmly and slowly say. "I will do as you say, and let her down."

0.4 seconds.

I swap with the prop. Taking the dummy's place as I immediately turn to look into the hospital.

"This better fucking work." Luke says next to me.

"It will." I say reassuringly as I jog to the end of the roof to be able to view the second dummy and Kitsu at the same time.

Reaching out. I tether the two.

5.8 seconds.

'What!?' I think frantically.

No wonder she was lighter than I thought. She has less mass! She's weighs three fourths the amount she should!

4.27494 seconds

The guards are going over to where she and the ballistics dummy are situated.

'Come on!' I beg the universe desperately. 'Don't cover her!'

If I lose line of sight the plan is fucked!

3.100024 seconds

"What's taking so long man!?" Luke says impatiently.

"All good things come to those who wait." I respond distractedly.

2.700234 seconds

"Hmm?" Luke hums as he looks slightly behind me. "Oh shit! We got a flyer!"

"Not now!" I yell impatiently as I lean back on the railing to appear unconcerned. "Just chill, we're two guys on a roof."

1.9004 seconds

Not long after he says that. It takes all of my willpower to not turn around at the whistling sound behind me.

1.5983 seconds

In moments, a white and gold blur crosses my the peripherals of my vision and blurs past into the hospital's waiting room.

1.4432 seconds

Right through the window. The glass shattering as the form of Glory Girl crashes into the tiles. Distracting the guards. She stands up to dust herself off. The blur of her movement, and the shattering of the glass obstructing my view. But never completely and thus leaving Kitsu in my line of sight.

0.99924 seconds

My heart pounds in my chest. Beating like a roaring gorilla as the timer ticks down.

0.4557 seconds

Just as Glory Girl turns to talk to the guards. And takes her attention from Kitsu.

!

Kitsu swaps places with the ballistic dummy. The unconscious little girl now slumped on the roof of the roof of the building.

"See my friend?" I say to distract myself from my anxiety. "All according to plan."

We did it. We got Kitsu, our best hope of fixing Noelle yet.

And all it cost was a broken arm.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

The Oddities

.

.

Melanie Alderos

Age: 23

Ethnicity: Latino

Gender: Female

Sex: Female

Height: 5ft 4in (162cm)

Weight: 128lbs (58kg)

Cape name: Circe

Rating:

Master 8

Anyone that finds her some form of attractive and breathes in the pheromones she produces, finds their attraction heightened until they find themselves addicted to satisfying her. Be it through sexual pleasure, gifts, or doing as she says. Pleasing her, becomes their pleasure.

As a result of the vial's mutation. Melanie's eyes lack a visual pupil. Being a solid blue as her sclera are now bright pink. This somehow has no effect on her vision.

FunFact: She is Asexual Panromantic. Making her power extremely ironic.

She sees sex as a tool for manipulation. And has no personal attachments to the act.

.

.

Fiona Cormac

Age: 24

Ethnicity: Irish

Gender: Female

Sex: Female

Height: 4ft 11in (149cm)

Weight: 101lbs (45.8kg)

Cape name: Scylla

Rating:

Master: 6

Breaker: 6

Summons three aquatic caniforms. Size varying from the pitbull, to a large tiger. Creatures show up in mottled, banded or bangled patterns of scales and fur. All three share the following features.

Brute rating, variable from 3 to 6

Mover rating, variable from 2 to 4

Blue, green, or purple scales of varying patterns.

White, black, or red fur of varying patterns.

Canid biology.

Amphibious capabilities.

Nightvision

Scylla can verbally command these creatures as though they were trained animals, but is unable to directly link with them.

Can absorb her creatures into her, gaining some of their apparent biology and enhancing her person. Growing stronger and larger with each creature. However, she can only have three. Absorbing one for its strength does not reduce the number counted.

FunFact: She had a twin who got absorbed in the womb. This has no effect on anything about her. But is just something neat to know.

.

.

Jason Moores

Age: 21

Ethnicity: Caucasian/Asian mix

Gender: Male

Sex: Male

Height: 5ft 8in (172.72cm)

Weight: 139lbs (63kg)

Cape name: Charybdis

Rating:

Mover 4

Striker 4

Shaker 8

Can create directed whirlwinds that grow stronger with time. He can reabsorb these whirlwinds or move them as he desires. The number of whirlwinds he creates is limited to the strength of said whirlwinds. Scaling inversely. He can attach the whirlwinds to himself, increasing his mobility or striking power depending.

FunFact: Does not know Charybdis is a woman in Greek mythology. Just heard the others coming up with names, googled Odyssey characters, and chose the one that sounded cool.

The fact he chose the name of a monster made to represent whirlpools while his power is whirlwinds is purely coincidence.

.

Gary Greyson

Age: 24

Ethnicity: Caucasian

Gender: Male

Sex: Male

Height: 6ft (182.6 cm)

Weight: 180 lbs (81.5 kg)

Cape name: Geryon

Rating:

Master 4

Thinker 4

Creates two perfect clones. For a total of 3 individuals. All individuals share personality and memory. When a clone dies, another can be made. There is no genetic or mental distinction between clone and original.

FunFact: Geyron has no allergies.

.

Samuel "Sam" Yorvich

Age: 23

Ethnicity: Eastern European

Gender: Non-Binary

Sex: Male

Height: 5ft 6in (167.6cm)

Weight: 230lbs (104 kg)

Cape name: Lernaen

Case 53

Rating:

Mover 4

Brute 5

Striker 3

Blaster 3

Thinker 2

Has scales growing on their hands, forearms, shins, hips, calves, ankles, feet, cheeks, and back. Mottled dark green and sickly yellow. Black claws on their thumbs and big toes. Has five eyes. Two normal, one in the middle of their forehead. And two more at the base on the back of their neck. Has webbed hands and feet. And fins growing out of their forearms.

Extendable, viper like fangs have replaced their upper canines. Their blood is acidic, spit poisonous, and they have the ability to breathe out a noxious, lethal and flammable gas. Though they have no way of igniting it themselves.

They have immunity to all diseases and poisons due to their acidic blood. Have the ability swim at great speeds despite the enhanced density of their muscles.

FunFact: They don't mind their mutation.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N the reason Kitsu passed out so quickly is because the knockout gas was tinkertech

.

.

.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

.

FOR KITSU!

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It makes my day when you guys leave reviews.

Also suggestions

I love them! Even silly little hypotheticals.
Find in newb's-grotto at the discord!

.

Link to the discord: discord. gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, macdjord, Finsdale and 121 others
Newb to the game
Jul 6, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 59 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#465
A/N Blindfolds and bindings.

Alt Title: Not a BDSM chapter

.

.

I'm back!

MAN! Has this been a shit month for me.

Not getting into it.

.

This chapter is split in two. The first half is to give everyone an idea of what's going on in the city.
The chaos will be explored in further chapters
I might explore into them more in future chapter's. With each one focusing on a character or two's perspective. Or I might just jump to the next part of the story.
I explored
On a high note, I got 1k follows on this story now!
Only took me 6 months
.

.

DancingLeaf: I actually only write for an hour a day, five days a week.

Deathchill: No spoilers, but Kitsu is spiteful and likes to play with her food. And Letting them keep her for an extended period of time, will only make the hammer that is the government and New Wave hit harder.

.

I was recently informed that the disclaimer does nothing. So long as it is posted on a fanfiction website.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

The City

.

.

-Friday, August 6th, Dallon House, 8am-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"No I can't come in today!" I tell the lead of my firm as I pace around my kitchen.

"Why not? Last I checked you don't have any events coming up today." He says.

"Because." I hiss at him. "In case you didn't notice, one of my kids, has been kidnapped!"

"Well how was I supposed to know that when I promised this deadline!?" He defends.

"Next time, don't make promises on other people's behalf!" I yell into the phone.

"I am still your boss Mrs. Dallon!" The rat tries to pull. "I can still-"

"You have my answer." I say and hang up the phone. Tossing it to the table the table as I massage my temples.

"Everything will be fine." Mark says reassuringly as he pats my back.

"How can you be fine with this!?" I turn around and snap at him. "Kitsu's missing, kidnapped by who the fuck knows who! Being forced to do who the fuck knows what! And all you can say is, it'll be fine?"

"Because all I know is that yelling about it won't help anyone." He says calmingly. "And with everything going on, I don't know what else to do, other than wait for Kid Win's tracker to come online."

Right. The trackers put in Kitsu's hearing aides should she ever go villain or gets mastered. Kid Win is getting them online, but for some reason they're being blocked. Someone knows about the trackers. And the PRT are scouring her social media's to see if she told anyone about them.

Because if not. Then we might be dealing with a mole in the PRT.

"Come on, we've got patrol." Mark says. "Firebreather and Triumph are waiting for us at the ferry station."

"Okay, okay, just. Go start the car." I say as I calm myself down.

It's clear that Mark is putting on a brave face. Kitsu is his daughter in all but blood and legality. I genuinely think he my go off the deep end if something happens to her. And the idea that she's fine and everything will be fine, is what's keeping him together.

"Sure thing." He says and gives me a quick kiss. "Love you."

"Love you too." I say in return.

.

.

-Friday, August 6th, Central District, 11am-

.

.

Robin "Velocity" Swoyer POV

.

Kitsu still missing. Her hearing aides went online and we found them in a trash compactor. Much to Kid Win's horror and agitation. No one's told the Dallon's yet and no one wants to.

Good day all things considered. Aside from the ongoing search. Started out good with a nice peppermint mocha frappé. Stayed good with a perfect blueberry waffle, no calls, just a standard patrol.

So far today's been quiet. Kinda just waiting for shit to hit the fan. It's like the calm before the storm. Things have just gone too well today. You know?

*Crash* *Boom*

'Well, someone picked up the phone.' I think sarcastically as I run to the sound of screaming and collateral damage.

'Because I, fucking called it!' I mentally finish with sarcasm as I see Hookwolf chasing The Undersiders. In broad daylight. Through heavy traffic!

They're riding on transparent gold boards as a rock song plays. The Offspring I think.

Good taste.

They zip down fourth and Foreman's as my comms flare up. Dodging and slipping out the way of Hookwolf's lunges as he tears up the road.

"Velocity, I'm getting several repoorrrtttttsssss oooooofffffff-

Triumph's voice slows to a crawl as I run and push people out of the way. Knocking them over and out of Hookwolf's path. Doing my best to do as much as I can with my limited influence.

Some scrapes and a few bruises are better than them being caught on his barbed armored form. Tearing them into mincemeat as he runs.

I run forward to a woman pushing a stroller, right in Hookwolf's path. I push her back and kick the stroller forward. Attempting to knock both out of the villains way.

I get myself clear. running to the side and out of immediate harm as I lower my speed.

-injured and dead, what the hell is going on?" Triumph finishes.

"Hookwolf is tearing down Foreman's and turning onto Barley!" I say into the comms. "Several dead and dying to say nothing of the collateral. He's chasing after The Undersiders! Calling in an immediate Class Six Crisis Level!"

Looking back. I see the destruction and carnage. And just how little I was able to help.

Only half of the people I moved, actually survived. With the woman and child, not being a part of that. My reduced force in exchange for speed. Limits my ability to actually save people.

It's sad, that this doesn't phase me.

'No time to think on that!' I think to myself as I speed after Hookwolf. Not that I can do much against him, but I can at least keep track of him.

Dodging around the debris, hopping on a car that gets tossed, momentarily stopping all speed as I return my full mass. And then immediately reactivate my speed. Doing so applied my full weight to the car for a split second. And lessened the force of it being tossed.

As I run, sliding under a light pole that gets tossed my way by Hookwolf's rampage, I roll into a runners position and keep going. Only to notice, something, keeping up with me?

Looking to my side, I see a man in a blue, I want to say it's modified football gear. But I don't know sports well enough to make that call. Turning my attention back to the rampaging villain, I make a mental note of the speedster, resolving to report him for later. I don't think he's with Hookwolf, mainly because he's black. The shaved head and visible jaw giving his race away.

Fuck! This would be so much easier with Vista. But without Kitsu around the Youth Guard won't budge on the matter. Kitsu's healing and invulnerability were all that allowed the Youth Guard to give some leeway here!

As I think this, lost slightly in my thoughts, another car gets flung at me.

'Shit!' Is all I think before a flash of blue and grey consumes my vision.

Regaining my senses. I cut my speed and return to reality.

The sounds of the world come crashing back as I watch the blue blur follow after Hookwolf.

"Who the, huh?" I ask to no one in particular.

.

.

Reginald "A-Train" Franklin POV

.

'Can't stop won't stop don't stop! Can't stop won't stop don't stop!' I mentally cheer the mantra in my head.

The fox is missin, and the mice are running unchecked. And the heroes are stretched too thin to do jack shit. So, I'm steppin up!

So here I am. An unregistered independent, running after one of the biggest ops, solo. My best bet being keeping him contained. Maybe distract him.

Jumping up and running along the bottom side of a parked car that Hookwolf flipped. I see an opportunity. You see, I ain't a mover. I'm a breaker. When I activate my speed, I can't be hurt, now, I aint bust'n through no walls, but ain't nothing stopping me!

So, with that. I place my foot on the lamppost and kick myself forward. Overtaking the metallic mutt, and landing with a roll as I hit the ground running.

Running interference might not be my specialty! But momma didn't raise no quitter!

So, in a do or die maneuver, as the mutt runs up on an intersection. I make a sharp turn into his front leg. Tripping us both as I roll under him and hit a hydrant on the sidewalk. Yeah, they ain't so easily broken as video games make'em out to be.

Luckily my power keeps me safe while I'm in motion, so the hit didn't hurt. But seeing as I just stopped, the world returns to me in full.

*Crash*

*Rrmm* *Rrmm* *Rrmm*

Looking up to the scene of tossed cars and torn pavement, I see the crumpled metal shit bag climbing back up to his feet. Looking around him as several PRT vans pull up and start to box him in. With a few of them New Wave capes flying in.

At that, I get back on my feet and take my leave, speeding off. The authorities can handle this, and I don't wanna get mistaken as a villain. And my neighborhood still needs me. Stormfront's hunters are making their way into the area, and I can't have that.

Stopping crooks and patrolling our home. Hope I'm making you proud little bro.

.

.

-Saturday, August 7th, Medhall General Hospital, 10am-

.

.

Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV

.

Currently, I'm healing a boy with a fractured spine. I have a score of people coming in injured and dying. People really underestimated the effect Kitsu's presence had on the city.

Hell, not eve I noticed it until she was gone. She was such a deterrent for crime, not a day after her very public kidnapping and all of the gangs in the city go nuts.

Stormfront is holding rallies. Hookwolf is rampaging in the streets along with a new group calling themselves The Oddities. Purity and her group are running defense on their territory. The ABB are taking no shit. And Mechanic is tearing through the streets.

It's been two days!

"Okay, he'll be fine." I say to the father. "Just-" I try and think of something to say, to help prevent this from happening again. But what can you say when the issue is a racist looking to make examples of 'race traitors'?

"Try and stay inside." I is what I decide on as I get up and leave the gurney.

"Thank you so much!" The man says.

I ignore his continuous words of gratitude as I head to the next gurney.

"Ames, you could at least say you're welcome." Vicky whispers into my ear as she hovers above.

That's another thing that changed. Mo- Carol, refused to let me out of the house without an escort. After what happened with Kitsu. She's beside herself and wracked with stress on what to do. She only let me out on the condition that Vicky never leaves my side while we're out of the house.

Hell, there are three PRT squads in the hospital as well, just in case. Carol called up the Rig and managed to get them to send escorts for me as well. Arguing that if they went to the hospital to kidnap Kitsu, they might be after healers.

"No time." I say as I move to the elderly woman on a respirator. "Need to keep going."

I am, so tired. My power needs me to direct it. And the more I use it, the more it gets harder to do. The more it wants to do its own thing. And the more I want to let it do its own thing. To just, let go and make people better.

I miss me and Kitsu's plant time. At least then I could just let my power do its thing.

.

.

-Saturday, August 7th, The Boardwalk, 1pm-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I could maybe condense the city bit by bit. Narrow down any places that she could be by letting my power tell me what's not effected? No that would take ages. What if I just start making potholes in the road? Threaten to keep them that way until Kitsu is returned? Or I could go to a skyscraper and maneuver the air and light to make it easy to spy on people? But I'm only one person!

"Vista!" Dean yells.

"What!?" I snap at him, upset at being taken out of my thoughts.

In response, he just points to a man running down the boardwalk with a bag.

"Thief!" He shouts. "We need to get him!"

Annoyed. I swipe my arm in front of me. About fifty feet away, the board walk collapses in as I squish the edge to the sidewalk. Causing the thief to hit the railing as he fails to slow down in time, and flip over into the water with a yelp.

"There. Done." I say as I go back to thinking about what I can do.

It's so, frustrating! The moment someone kidnaps my girlfriend, which, oh yeah, SOMEONE KIDNAPPED MY GIRLFRIEND!

Anyway, the moment she's out of the picture. I'm back to being treated like a baby! No more patrols with New Wave, put back on the buddy system. And now I'm forced to patrol the safe areas only. Again!

It's, it's, ARRGHH! It both tells me that no one respected me, and were just respecting Kitsu. And that all of my experience and power mean nothing! My hard work and years of effort are nothing because my age is too big of a factor.

"Vista!" Dean yells again.

"Gallant." I say calmly as I turn my head to look at him. Calming myself I ask. "What is it?"

"We, still need to get him." He says awkwardly as he points an armored thumb to the rail where the thief took a dip.

"Fine." I say with a sigh as I walk to the railing to see where I need to warp to get the guy on the boardwalk again.

Making it to the railing, I spot the thief trying to swim away, his bag being left to float on its own as it crashes into the boardwalk's water guard. Using my power, I don't even bother with the hand motions as I bend and squeeze space to create a funnel for the guy to get suck into. Pinching the boardwalk down so that the tide pushes him, and his backpack, onto the part of of the boardwalk now partially underwater. I let space return to normal, the thief and his stolen goods now wet and five feet away from me.

"There, don't see what was so hard about that." I say as Dean walks over and puts the guy in cuffs.

Maybe Lyra's dogs can help? She's almost cleared for integration. She's gone a whole week without punching anyone! Except for Sophia, but nobody reports that. So it doesn't really count. Maybe her dogs can track Kitsu's scent?

"Hey!" Dean says as he shakes my shoulder.

"Oh for the love of, what now!?" I snap as I am once again forced out of my thoughts by my ex-crush.

"Vista, are, you okay?" He asks.

'You're the goddamned empath! You should already know the answer to that!'

"I'm fine." I say as I turn to walk down the boardwalk. "Let's hurry up, we have patrol to finish."

.

.

-Sunday, August 8th, The Rig, 2pm-

.

.

Director Emily Pigott POV

.

"Yes I understand, I can send a dispatch of Wards to-"

"I'm not leaving the safety of my men in this transport to children! Much less with this maniac." The Chief of police says. "Aren't there any heroes you can send?"

"With all due respect, we're stretched thin as-"

*Beep* the phone sounds, signaling someone else is calling.

"I'll have to call you back." I say and press the button to switch lines. "Director Pigott of the PRT Headquarters Brockton Bay, to whom am I speaking?"

"Helloooo~ Emily." The familiar voice of one Anthony Stark rings through the phone.

"Mr. Stark, I trust this is important?" I say as I reign in my annoyance. "I was dealing with something important."

"Oh, just wondering if you needed my help with your gang issues." He says. "Thought I'd take the initiative since, well, I know you bureaucratic types and all that. You love to drag your feet."

"Not all of us are so bereft of responsibility and consequence that we can walk into a meeting hungover, and get away with it." I point out. "Some of us have this thing called restraint, and tact."

"Oof, really aren't letting me live that one down?" He chuckles easily. "Oh well, we both know how this is gonna go Emily, you accept my help, or you put it off until the situation gets so bad you start calling in outside PRT Capes. If you haven't already."

I have. The moment Kitsu got kidnapped I called in everyone I could. Alexandria and Legend are on their way already, as well as a handful of other capes. Tecton offered to show up as well, so he's on his way along with the Incredibles family coming in from Seattle.

And I still have yet to inform the Dallon's that Kitsu's hearing aides were found in a dumpster. And that we only know of a handful of groups that could've done it. Not who.

At first the Fallen were considered. First the Mather's or Herren's because Kitsu's a healer and of clear Aryan descent. But the one who kidnapped her was of Arabic or indigenous ethnicity. Hard to tell but his skin tone made it clear he wasn't with the two groups of fanatics. Then the Crowley's due to their hatred and bigotry towards Case 53's. But that made no sense seeing as they only target weaker Case 53's and they've been mostly content to stay in the southeaster portion of the U.S.

"What do you get out of this Anthony?" I ask pointedly.

Anthony may have a teenager's sense of humor and responsibility. But it's a dangerous combination when paired with genius intellect. And that was before he became a Tinker.

"Friends can't help each other out of the goodness of their hearts?" He asks in a sarcastically concerned ton.

"No." I say simply as I am unwilling to play his games.

"You always were the competent one. Well, long story short, one of my New Wave Capes, has a bit of a grudge against an infamous master with a habit of collecting women. And one of his kids is in Brockton Bay." He starts explaining. "She's put me in a rather tight spot. She wants to beat the shit out of the kid and find their dad, I, can't really let that happen. So, compromise."

"You get me to agree to your help, she gets to hunt down one of Heartbreakers kids." I summarize.

"Bingo! You're good, say if you ever need a career change-"

"No." I say immediately.

"You're no fun. Anyway-"

*Beep* the line goes off telling me another person is calling.

"Wrap it up Mr. Stark." I say curtly. "I have someone else trying to call me."

"Fine I'll make it simple, yes or no?" He says smugly.

"I'll think about it." I say as I hang up and answer the next call. "Director Pigott of the PRT Headquarters Brockton Bay, to whom am I speaking?"

"Director, we have an issue with Vista." I hear Miss Militia's voice say.

And now this? I'm the director, not the babysitter.

"And what, could be so bad that you had to call me?" I ask as I feel my headache get a head start on my stress.

"She uh, she's threatening to go rogue."

.

.

-Ward's common room-

.

.

Carlos "Aegis" POV

.

"Look, just think about this rationally." I say to the pissed off teen. Wait, I am a teen. Should I be regarding others as teens?

Regardless! Missy is taking Kitsu's kidnapping, poorly. And we're all trying to calm her down.

"I've done nothing but think!" Missy says as she stomps her foot. "For four days! Armsmaster! What are the odds of finding a missing person after two days?"

"With adults, eighty seven percent chance of finding them within two days." He says.

"And what about missing children after three?" She asks

"Two percent." He says unhelpfully!

"Dude!?" I yell to him. "Not helping!"

He looks to me in what I can only assume is a glare underneath his helm.

"I may not be your commander Aegis, but I am still your superior." He says before turning to Missy. "Regardless, Vista, think this through."

"I'm done thinking!" She yells. "It's about time we start doing!"

"Then do something about your attitude or you'll be removed from the team." He says.

'What the fuck is he thinking!?' I think to myself in a panic as he has a stare down with her.

"Fine." Missy says.

"I give up!" I say as I throw my arms up and head to the fridge.

No point in trying to play negotiator when I have sergeant social sabotage on my ass. Actively negating and shooting down everything I try.

"Very well, you should know what you're signing up for in this case." He says, listing off the services she'll be giving up. "Firstly, you'll lose your trust fund, which is at one million currently and about to raise."

'Shit!' I think to myself as I fish through the fridge for my grape soda.

It's easy to forget that she'll have three and half million once she graduates. Hell, I'm only getting a million, and that's barely.

"You'll be losing your Wards license and renouncing any and all specialty PRT support, you'll be turning in your costume and gear. Your cape name, Vista, is copyright of the PRT. You will no longer be allowed to go by that name."

Oof.

"That's not-" Missy tries before being cut off.

"You'll be cut off from all specialty support. That includes console access, tinker access, medical, your entry into Arcadia is no longer guaranteed. And you'll lose access to our information network and you'll no longer be allowed in on joint missions." He continues. "Meaning if we do find Kitsu, and you've already quit. You won't know."

I look at the scene with anticipation as I sip my soda. Nothing he said was wrong. And Missy's red faced silence says she knows it as well.

They have a bit of a stare down as the door to the common's opens. Looking over, I see it's Sophia walking in as she unhooks her mask and tosses it on a table.

*Krzzt* The intercom blares to life. Stopping everyone as we listen for the announcement.

"Will Vista please come see me in my office?" Ms. Piggy says over the speaker. "I repeat, will Vista, please come see me in my office?"

*Krcht*

"What, the baby get caught with her hand in the cookie jar or some shit?" Sophia snarks.

"Shove it you mean girls reject!" Missy snaps back as she stomps off.

"Ooh! Did the baby get her first period?" Sophia smirks.

Missy says nothing as she grabs her visor from the counter. Only right before she leaves, Sophia trips as the edge of the counter juts out slightly. And Sophia turns into smoke just in time to avoid losing her teeth.

"The fuck!" Sophia yells after the fuming shaker. "Bitch don't just think you can walk away!"

Only for her to slam the door shut with her power.

.

.

-Monday, August 9th, Hookwolf's Central Hideout-

.

.

Melanie "Circe" Alderos POV

.

"And with that, the Undersiders are out of our hair!" I say to the group.

We managed to drive them into Merchant territory. We intend to quietly take over the other gangs while Hookwolf keeps the PRT occupied with his rampages. Gary, Geryon, has already infiltrated two groups as his third stays here to relay all the info the other two get.

"For now." Sam, Lernaen, says as they check their claws.

Yeah, for some reason. Whatever the juice did to give us our powers also, kinda fucked over Sam. Though, they don't seem to mind. They're basically a lizard man now. Green scales and yellow eyes. Nose flattened into slits on their face. And they're going all in on the look. With a loincloth and leather harness to complete their look.

It messed with me too, but just my eyes.

"Hey, better than nothing." Jason, Charybdis, says back. Jason got one of the better powers in my opinion.

He makes whirlwinds. He can lock them in place, let them run wild, or center them on himself. His favorite thing to do so far has been to attach a cyclone around each leg and have them spin in opposite directions, giving him a massive mobility buff.

His outfit is a pair of scuba goggles, a blue shirt, blues cargo pants, and a bandana mask. Making him look like a blue, gender bent Miss Militia cosplay.

The others aren't here. Fi and Gary are off doing, something. I don't ask.

"Well, it's better than nothing." I shrug. "Now we just gotta take out the merchants. All of their members, the capes that are left at least. Are guys, so, gimme a week and we'll have them under control."

"Have fun." Jason says with a grimace.

My power makes people, addicted to me. To making me happy. The more intense any attraction they have for me, the stronger my power latches on. Hell, an hour of letting Hookwolf pump in and out of me was enough to get him to be my obedient little doggy.

"Just remember to use protection." Sam says as they kick their feet up on the table. "Who knows what those creeps have going on downstairs."

"Oh, I'm not going alone." I point out.

"What?" Jason asks tiredly. "You got a harem to accompany you already?"

"Yep!" I say cheerfully as I stand up. "You two! I need body guards and Gary and Fiona are off doing, whatever. So, you two are coming with me!"

"But! My show comes on in three hours!" Jason whines.

Me and Sam just stare at him as he looks between us.

"What?" He asks.

"We're not going now." I say. "What, you think we're just gonna walk over halfway across the city with no plan and just , sneak in?"

"Oh." He says with a blush.

.

.

.

.

-Thursday, August 5th, Sewer Hideout, 8am-

.

.

Francis "Trickster" Krouse POV

.

Making my way into the room we have the Endstopper subdued in. I stop to regard her current state of duress.

You see. We're labeled as villains. So we can't just ask a hero to heal Noelle. We needed to take the most surefire route. Dropped in concrete, only her head above her neck is visible. There's a plate on her chest to give her chest room to breathe. She's blindfolded as well, and it's superglued on. We also got rid of all her electronic devices. The phone and bluetooth earbuds. Now we're in a dark room forty feet below the city.

Hey, might as well go all the way. And you can never be too careful.

"Are you awake?" I ask the subdued girl. "The sleeping gas should've worn off by now."

She doesn't respond.

"Well, I suppose we'll need to wake you up." I say and leave to go get a bucket of water.

Stepping out of the room and into the little cistern we're currently hiding in. I'm immediately greeted by the wheelchair bound Jess. Looking up at me disapprovingly.

"Don't give me that look." I say as I walk past her.

"Only giving you the look you deserve." She says as she wheels around and follows me.

"We do what we have to." I say with a bit of stress in my voice.

"Do we?" Jess asks with a condescending tone. "Because last I checked, we don't kidnap little girls Francis. That seems to be a you thing as of right now."

"What would you suggest? Hmm?" I ask snipidly, turning on my heels to address her. "Waltzing up to a New Wave cape as we are? Going to an independent faction of heroes who we know are desperate for good PR? We'd be in the birdcage and Noelle would shipped off to a lab before we knew it!"

"You didn't even try!" She shouts back. "You couldn't even be bothered. You took the direct route, not even once considering-"

"Consider what? Jessica?" I snap. "That I'm putting us in danger? That Noelle's only hope is in the hands of a temperamental little girl that we likely just pissed off? That we just painted a massive target on our backs? That it was my call? That this all hinges on how well we can get that girl in there to do what ask? That this whole thing isn't FUCKED!? BECAUSE NEWS FLASH! I, HAVE!"

By the end of my rant, I'm breathing heavily at the wide eyed redhead. Not in fear, but surprise. I don't normally raise my voice.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry." I say through my hands as I rub my face. "I just, there's so much going on right now. And with the shit about to hit the fan. I'm, I'm just stressed. I shouldn't have yelled."

"I forgive you." She says after a bit of silence.

…

"This is normally the pa-"

"I'm not sorry." She cuts me off. "I said my piece."

She wheels past me and away. Leaving me to wonder, for the umpteenth time. Whether or not we're destined to fail.

"This is all for Noelle." I whisper to myself. "Remember that. Once she's healed. This will all be better. We'll figure everything out later."

Just gotta get to that part.

.

.

-1 hour later-

.

.

I step back into the room with a bucket of water.

"You awake yet?" I ask the girl.

Only to be met with silence and the slight echo of my own voice in the room. No response from her. So, I walk forward, and toss the water on her.

Only for the water to fly back and hit me in the face. Soaking my shirt and causing me to snort and cough as water goes up my nose.

"Cack! Cagh, urgh, fuck!" I curse at the burning in my nose. "Oh, fuck!"

"Pfft!" The girl snorts and chuckles. "Ooooh, man. You had so many options, and you chose the best one for me to turn on you."

"And what?" I say with a sneer as I flick the water off of me. "Might that be?"

"The old bucket of water to wake someone up schtick." She says. "Yeah, I been here awake. Whole time actually."

"Then why not say anything?" I ask, my irritation growing.

"To mess with you of course." She says with a sassy bob of her head. "have a little fun before I bust out."

"In case you haven't noticed." I say to the irritating little girl. "You're stuck in a slab of concrete. Five foot thick on all sides."

"Should've made it a slab of steel." She says, completely unbothered.

"You sound awfully confident for someone who can't move." I point out.

"Oh?" She says as she starts shaking her head from side to side. "What's this? I'm moving!"

…

"You know what I mean." I say. "Regardless, you want out? Just do us one little favor."

"Hmm, quick question. How long was I out?" She asks.

"I'm not telling you that." I answer.

"Are we still somewhere in Brockton Bay?" She continues.

'She's fishing for info. And poorly at that.'

"Again, I'm not telling you." I answer. "Just help us out with one thing. And we'll let you go."

"I have no reason to believe that." She says. "If I'm in a block of concrete, how are you going to get me out?"

"We have our ways." I say.

"And I have no way of verifying that." She says. "But that's fine, I'm a patient gal. I just hope you're prepared to deal with the more impatient people I know."

"Look, we just want your help." I say evenly. "As, counterproductive as this seems."

She moves her head around as though to look around.

"Got a neat way of asking for help." She says. "Who taught how to ask people for help? Your mother? Or Guantanamo Bay University?"

Ok, that was good. Irritating, but I can respect a fellow annoyance.

"Both, actually, my mother taught there." I quip back.

"Ah! So you didn't have to sleep with the teacher to get grades, gotcha." She says with a nod, before her smile turns into a smirk. "Or maybe you did? Explains the crappy interrogation rig here. I mean, come on, these restraints suck."

"You're stuck in three foot thick concrete." I point out. We may not be able to hold her for long, I know how strong she is. But there is no way to break concrete quietly. And there are pressure pads around her, set to release more sleeping gas if she does.

No need to mention any of that.

"Should've made it steel." She says.

That'd defeat the point of the pressure pads.

"We work with what we have." I lie easily. "But, agree to help us and, we'll let you out. I promise, it won't involve any-"

"Nope!" She says with a smile. "I don't negotiate with terrorists."

I was going to say it won't involve anything illegal. Before she cut me off.

"I assure you, we mean no harm to anyone. We just-"

"I don't care." She says. "You could genuinely be asking me to solve world hunger, I won't do it."

"And why not?" I ask, feeling my blood race.

"Because, first impressions last a lifetime momma's boy." She says.

"We won't let you out until you agree to help us." I say. The carrot didn't work, so I'll have to use the stick. I didn't want it to come to this.

But if it's for Noelle, nothing is off limits.

"I'm prepared to wait." She says confidently. "Are you and your friends?"

"Trust me." I say as I turn around and walk away. Realizing I'm not getting through to her today. "We are."

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Okay, so I learned a few things. He made a big mistake. He took off my hearing aides. So I can still hear. Even better in fact. And blinding me makes it easier to focus my ears.

It was muffled. But I heard his argument with someone named Jessica. So I know one name. Didn't catch his unfortunately. But I know that whatever group caught me. Is not unified in purpose. I can use that.

Then there's my questions. His heart rate rose when I asked where we are. So we're likely still in Brockton Bay. And if that's the case, it's a fifty fifty on whether or not I've been out for a long time.

The only reason I'm not busting out is because I have no idea who I'm up against. Only that they're all cauldron capes.

[Affirmation]

See? None of them are active. Which narrows it down some. Okay, a lot. But I still don't know. This could be a whole thing orchestrated by Cauldron. And if that's the case then fuck them twice!

I'm not agreeing to what they ask. I have no problem helping villains. Unlike Amy, I know what it's like out their. I know things aren't black and white. Heck, it wouldn't have taken much for me to go villain. Had they just asked. I likely would've tried, depending on what it was they need.

Now?

No way in hell. They kidnapped me out of a hospital. Took my phone. Took my hearing aides. And dropped me in a slab of concrete. No way am I helping them after all that. Hell, I could forgive them for it if not for one thing.

The hell it'll take to clean my tail after this!

They can rot.

.

.

- Sunday, August 8th, 2pm-

.

.

Marissa "Sundancer" Newland POV

.

"Fucking, bratty little, entitled piece of." I hear Francis mumble as he rounds the corner.

Upon seeing me, he schools his scowl back into the cocky, arrogant face he always puts on.

"Ah! Mars!" He says as he walks towards me. "Didn't know you were here. Tell me, would you mind attending a little favor for me? I'm, I need to cool off."

"I mean, it depends on what it is." I offer easily. "But, it depends on what it is."

He shrugs easily. Putting one hand on his hip with the other up in the air as he shakes his head.

"Our, guest, is demanding pizza." He says. "Won't eat the burgers we got her. And seeing as we need her agreeable."

He leaves the rest unsaid.

Not many of us are happy with the, actions taken. Noelle is doing her best to play mediator. Arguing that this, while harder and more trying, is the most secure way to go about this. While Jess is completely against this.

"Yeah, I can go get some." I say with a shrug. "Did she say what kind she wanted?"

I'm, admittedly undecided. I can see the advantages. But, that doesn't mean I have to like it.

"Mushroom stuffed crust." He says.

Eew!

"You sure?" I ask. "I mean, the only thing worse is Hawaiian."

"Hey!" He says in mock offense, putting a hand to his chest. "Hawaiian pizza is the epitome of sweet and savory!"

"I'll go get the pizza." I roll my eyes as I leave, shouting back to him before I go. "But you owe me! It's hell up there right now!"

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Negotiating one oh one. Never be the first to set the price. It gives an idea of what you want, and what you're willing to give while telling the other side what you think the worth of what you want is.

Basically. All you're doing, is telling the other side what you know, and what you're willing to give. And bluffing that price is a risky game. Too high, and the other side might think you're joking. Too low, and the other side might take advantage of you.

That being said.

"Thanks for the pizza!" I say as I finish off the last slice.

None of that applies to my current situation.

"Will you help us now?" The smug man asks.

"Nope!" I say with a smile.

I laugh as he stomps out of the room. He knows how to negotiate. Which was why he got the pizza. But he clearly doesn't know how to coerce a hostage.

I am so going to enjoy destroying these assholes.

.

.

- Tuesday, August 10th, 10am-

.

.

"You've gotta be getting cramped in there." The smug voice of the lead asshole says as he opens the door.

"A little." I say honestly as he walks in with someone else. "Who's this?"

Lying and saying I'm not comfortable will only make it seem like I'm putting on a brave face. Being honest, lets him know I just don't care.

"A friend." He says evenly as they stop before me. "He's here to help me convince you to help us."

"Oooh! You gonna torture me?" I ask with a smile. "That's gonna be interesting."

"I, really don't have a good feeling about this." The other guy says. "She's too calm about this. Something's off."

'He's smart at least.' I think to myself.

I've been slowly practicing with a new, ability of mine. No spoilers! But it's been making it so that I don't lose any energy while I'm awake. And even gain a little. I just can't use it too much or else it'll be obvious. And I can't have that.

"She's bluffing." The leader says. "We know you can't be injured. But, we also know you can be hurt, you still feel pain."

"Or, you might be playing into a fantasy of mine." I tease. "I mean, I can get out of here at any time. Yet I'm still here. I could just be taking this opportunity to live out a tantalizing and taboo roleplay fantasy of mine."

There's a noticeable silence as the two take in what I just said. Likely debating the validity of my statement.

I mean, I am a bit of a masochist. You don't get the juice for your powers from getting hit and electrocuted without learning to at least ignore it. After a while there are only certain things that genuinely hurt. And well, some things you learn to enjoy.

Get your mind out of the gutter! It's a stress thing! Not a sexual thing!

"Yeah no fuck this." The other guy says evenly before leaving.

"Lu- hey!" The leader almost slips as he calls out to the other guy. "Come on! She's fucking with you! Why would she say all that if it was true!? All she'd do is prevent it from happening!"

Oh, oh this is so fun.

They both step out and close the heavy metal door behind them. And I focus my ears to listen in on them. Gaining more valuable info.

"No way, I am NOT fueling a little girl's masturbation sesh!" The other guy says.

In case you're wondering, I've slowed all my bodily functions to a crawl. So I haven't had to poop or pee. Yet. The moment I do though, I'm out.

"Luke, she's bullshitting you." The leader says. "She's trying to get in your head. You can't listen to everything she says."

"Yeah, but on the off chance she's telling the truth? Fuck no!" The now name Luke hisses.

"Look, please?" The leader begs. "We're running out of time."

'Oh? And why might that be?' I think to myself.

If they're on some sort of deadline, then I can wait them out. Again, I can break out whenever I want. But I'm nothing if not spiteful. And all good things come to those who wait.

And the longer I wait, the more worth it it'll be when I break out. They'll pay.

Maybe if I play my cards right. I can pull a Julius Caesar and befriend them before coming back to slaughter them all! That was Julius and the pirates right?

[Affirmation]

Oh yeah! We've been catching up. Not that, there's a lot to catch up on. We know the same things. Mostly. It's just a matter of two differing perspectives. In this case? I'm not worried. [Conduit] is apprehensive over any unknown capes. None of them are active shards, so the odds of them having bullshit powers is high. We're mostly just waiting this out to verify who these asshats are.

As I finish the recollection. The door opens again with the two walking back inside.

.

.

Luke "Ballistic" Casseus POV

.

'Fuck this bullshit.' I mentally grumble as I prepare a rock to hurdle at the girl.

We've done some morally apprehensive things. And I know for a fact some of us are signing up for therapy after this. Hell, I might be one of them after this.

But if it helps Noelle, then we can focus all of our effort on getting home. And we won't have to move around as much or worry about Noelle rampaging again.

But never in my life, would I have thought I'd need to torture a little girl. And as I prepare for it. I get the all too familiar sense of something in me dying. Another piece lost.

'Just, put it aside Luke.' I tell myself. 'Just like the rest. Morals are luxury we can't afford.'

"Now." Francis says as he steps in front of me. "Will you help us?"

The girl, Ki-

'No!' I yell at myself. 'Don't attach a name! Don't humanize! It'll make this harder.'

Our guest just smirks at us. And I imagine that if I they weren't blindfolded, I'd see a mischievous gleam in their eyes.

"Nope!" They say.

"Then you leave us no choice." He says as he nods to me.

"Do it!" They goad with a self assured smile. "Bet you won't!"

Right as they say that, I imbue the rock with my power and fling it at them. Their head snapping back as the ballistic impacts ferociously. And I let out a breath of relief at seeing they are invulnerable to harm.

Had they not been. Well, I really would need therapy.

"Mmn!" They groan as their head swings back to face us. "Harder daddy~"

"NOPE!" I says as I turn around. "Fuck this! Uh-uh! No way! I'm out!"

The only way I could've left faster is if I sprinted.

I'm vaguely aware of her laughing in the background. And I'm well aware that she likely was just fucking with me. And you know what? I don't care. I feel so many levels of mental violation right now, I need brain bleach.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Ha! Ha, haaaa~" I finally stop laughing. "Oh, oh that was awesome."

His reaction was fucking priceless! Oh! Oh that was one of the reasons I stuck around!

"You just don't quit, do you?" The asshole asks.

"Hmm, nope!" I say cheerfully. "Hey, can I get some watermelon? I'm in the mood for some fruit."

I laugh as he stomps out of the room. Clearly agitated at my behavior.

I've learned who they are. And now know they don't have anything they can use against me. Except maybe Noelle.

That's something I need to think about. Little miss mini Endbringer. Hell, I might just heal her to get the issue done with. Right after I turn her boytoy into a girltoy.

Heck, I've scanned Crystal enough to know the brain and hormone chemistry for nymphomania. Might make Noelle a hermaphrodite just for Francis. Or would it be Francine when I'm done?

'Oh I just thought of a horrible pun!' I think to myself.

[Inquiry; Iteration: What Is It?]

'Would you love me if I was a Worm!?' I think to [Conduit] as I start laughing at my own joke.

…

[No]

.

.

-Monday, August 11th, 9am-

.

.

The door opens again. And I recognize the scent of the guy I creeped out. He's also carrying

"Oh?" I say with a teasing smile. "Is daddy here to punish me again?"

I laugh as I hear him nearly hurl. Barfing up a little baby barf in his mouth.

"Aww, what's the matter?" I ask sweetly as I pout. "You have a cute little girl trapped and at your mercy. You're prepared to torture her, and yet her liking it, is where you draw the line?"

He says nothing as he ignores me. And continues to do something with the water. Moving things around as I try and piece together what he's doing.

"Hey, hey pedo bear! Stinky face! Incest baby!" I just keep going, trying to get his attention. "Tommy two face! Gorgonzola baby! I'm running out of things to say!"

"I noticed." He says as he finishes whatever it is he's doing.

"He speaks! Rejoice in the name of the lord!" I mock him. "So, wanna tell me what you're up to big boy?"

"Eugh!" He gags. "Okay, if I tell you what this is, will you stop? Like, for good?"

I'm breaking him!

In all seriousness, I'm getting bored here. It's been at least a few days soooo, yeah. Soon as I decide. I'm out.

"Mmmmmaybe!" I say with a grin.

"Water drop torture." He says as he clicks something. "Ever heard of it?"

"No, can't say I-" I go to say.

*Drip*

I'm brought out of my sentence as I feel a cold drop of what I hope for their sakes is water.

"Okay, is that all?" I ask.

*Drip*

"Yep." He says as he leaves. "Have fun!"

I don't see how this is-

*Drip*

Supposed to do anything. I mean it's just water bei-

*Drip*

…

*Drip*

"Okay yeah, I can see how this can get-"

*Drip*

…

*Drip*

'Hey [Conduit]! Wanna swap out?'

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

I have a Beta now! They go by Old man of the mountain
It didn't last. I write too fast.
If that seems familiar, it's because he's one of The Dark Wolf Shiro's editors. I'm on the discord! I even have my own Chatroom and junior author role! My chatroom is called Newb's Grotto!

Though my ADHD impatient ass can't sit still long enough to let him edit before I do it myself.
Yeeeaaaaah,
I even got bullied into writing a Gacha Gamer fic by The Dark Wolf Shiro himself.

How?

I said maybe I'd do a gacha fic, and he sent a gif of emperor Palpatine saying "dewwit"

…

That's it.

…

Anyway! I rolled for everything in making a Character. And got a Female, 13 year old Snow Elf. In Skyrim.

…

The races and world setting were completely random. It is sheer coincidence that I got a Snow Elf in Skyrim.

So, that's currently up on QQ. Gonna crosspost soon. So look forward to that and seeing how I make that work!

Also! Before I forget!

.

.

Here's the link for the discord: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro

You've got all sorts of authors there, me, The Dark Wolf Shiro, Mirlnir, Infonticus, Flamesclawsxx, and I'm too lazy to put any more.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, macdjord, Finsdale and 144 others
Newb to the game
Jul 7, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 60 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#469
A/N Slow descent. Pt. 1

Alt Title: An exploration into what happens with the mice, when the fox is away.

.

.

FFN is fucky again!
It got better, then it didn't
No notifications, AGAIN!
Same
FML

.

Anyway this chapter explores some of those snippets from the previous chapters in more depth. A bit more world building so that the eventual fallout is all that more rewarding and doesn't feel rushed.

And I'm splitting it between chapters because there is A LOT going on. Heck, I might extend it to three chapters depending.

.

DancingLeaf: Yeah, only difference here is that, to explain her behavior, Kitsu doesn't know the world is burning. Kitsu has the bad habit of forgetting what her presence at large does. She's aware of immediate effects, but it's been stated that Kitsu lacks in the long term thinking. So, yes, she is sitting still and letting The Travelers baste in their frustration, all the while being oblivious to what her absence is doing. It's not even that she can't comprehend it, it's just that she lives in the moment.

But yeah, if she were aware of what was happening in the city, she'd have busted out already and just said 'fuck you guys!' to The Travelers.

Oh I can't wait for the next two to three chapters!

Deathchill: I like build up.

Gogmazios: You're welcome!

And thank you.

Grimnosh: He's so caught up in trying to reach the end goal, he hasn't even stopped to realize Kitsu hasn't even tried to escape. When he's aware she could do so.

RadChaos897: WHAZZZUP! I'd write more, but I'm on the emotional equivalent of energy reserves.

Fun fact! I do such a good Dr. Doofenshmirtz impression that I will have some coworkers come up and say "A platypus?" just to hear it.

I also love your speculation on what Kitsu might do.

Redburndragon: Krouse is horribly tunnel visioned, as are all of The Travelers due to Ziz's song. He believes she needs to see to use her illusions accurately. Which is true, just not as true as he's hoping. She just needs to be able to picture her illusions.

SonicTundra: Breathing fire would be energy extensive, but more than that, it'd be boring. Kitsu's waiting for just the right moment. That, and they don't know that. Kitsu has shown the ability to ignite a total of 2, technically 3, times. Once in one of Coil's throwaway's, once when she learned Rachel was arrested and she was being extra about how upset she was, and once in the school to set off the sprinkler system and short circuit Vergil.

So her ability to ignite isn't well known. The PRT haven't even gotten around to properly cataloguing it.

Natelord28: You're welcome!

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Friday, August 6th, Ferry Station South, 9am-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

As soon as Mark parks the car, I step out and stretch. Getting ready for a day of patrol and possibly, most likely, violence near the docks.

Looking around the empty parking lot, I reflect on how the state of the city is being reflected even here. Word travels fast, and word of violence travels faster. Just a few days ago, this parking lot would've been packed with visitors. Which oddly enough, would've been just as empty as it is now a few months ago.

*Clunk* The car doors shut.

Turning to Mark as he locks the car. He gives a small smile accompanied by a nod. I return the nod and we head towards the station where Firebreather and Triumph are waiting for us inside.

Passing the teal willow tree and approaching the entrance of the station plaza, reveals the inside to be similarly barren. Save for a few cart vendors, a couple of visitors and the two heroes in question, sitting on a bench in front of Kitsu's Gildeglow tree. A cherry blossom tree with lines of golden wood woven into the bark. One of her tamer creations, as compare to the Crying Willow out front in the foyer that glows at night and sways its leafs to imitate wind going through it.

"There they are!" Triumph calls out with a wave, getting Firebreather to look up.

Firebreather gives us a wave as Mark returns the gesture. The two guys get up from the bench and start walking towards us. We meet each other halfway.

"Ready for a day out on the town?" The golden, Greek lion themed hero asks, his age and youthful demeanor evident in his voice. Reminding me that not long ago, only a few months, he was a Ward.

"Ready as we'll ever be." I say in response. "You know where we'll be patrolling?"

Triumph gives a nod while Firebreather gives a so-so gesture with his hand. Prompting me to give him a raised brow in response.

"I know the names of the locations." He explains gingerly. "But not where they actually are."

'That makes sense.' I think to myself. He's still relatively new to the bay. And navigating a city is a lot different to navigating a desert I'd imagine.

"We'll be patrolling from here to bay central." Mark says as he joins the conversation. "Zigzagging the streets to increase our coverage. Overall, should take us about four hours for a single trip back and forth along the route."

"Assuming, that nothing happens." Triumph adds as he leans to his side. "And trust me, something bad's gonna happen."

He's not wrong. Like I said, word travels fast. And Kitsu's kidnapping traveled faster than sound. The very next day, Stormfront and Hookwolf went on rampages. With Hookwolf causing as much destruction as possible while Stormfront is solidifying her territory and operations.

Now that her whole slave trafficking ring's been exposed, we fear she's going to stop hiding it, and escalate. Open attacks, daylight kidnappings, rallies, underground auctions. That sort of thing.

"What do you want us to do if something goes down?" Firebreather asks.

"You and Triumph are the faster two, so if something happens you'll be running evac or pursuit while me and Flashbang handle interception." I say automatically, years of hero work kicking in to take over.

"Other than that, we'll have to play it by ear." Mark finishes for me. "Now come on, we can cut the trip down to an hour and a half if we take the car."

He starts to walk away before I grab his collar and stop him.

"And we already agreed that we weren't taking the car." I remind him. "We're walking, there's more than enough capes on patrol and being stuck in a car is a death sentence if Hookwolf charges down the street."

That's the logical reason. The selfish reason is that I am not ruining the mileage or paying for that gas. Three dollars and ninety cents a gallon is absurd. And it's only going to get worse.

'Maybe Kitsu can come up with a plant that makes oil when she gets back.' I think sarcastically before my mood sours at the reminder. 'Just, get through the day Carol. Nothing you can do for now.'

The walk through the city is uneventful for the most part. With Firebreather taking the skies and keeping us up to date with a bird's eye view. While Triumph dashes through the alleyways, using his sound waves to propel him in rapid bursts. Me and Mark maintain a main level street presence. After all, the presence of an authority figure, does more to prevent crime than any other security measure.

*Ring* My phone starts going off.

"Gimme a sec." I say as I grab my phone from the pocket in my leg armor's padding. "It's, Pinky?"

Why would she be calling me?

"Why would Pinky be calling you?" Mark asks.

"I was just wondering the same thing." I say as I answer the phone. "Hello?"

*Krrrrrr!* I hear an explosion on the other side of the line.

"Mrs. Dallon? Carol? Oh thank god!" Pinky's voice sounds out desperately. "Me and Gully were on patrol when-"

*Krrr* "Suck it bitches! Get high on the smoke of my balls!" I hear her get interrupted in the background.

"The point Pinky!" I say urgently. "What's happening!?"

"Merchants, ABB, North Docks, Gully's hurt! No one's answering their phones!" Pinky says in a panic. "Help me!"

"Fuck." I hiss under my breath. "Stay put, I'll try and see if I can't get anyone over to you."

"What's going on?" Mark asks in concern.

*Krrrr* "Whooo!"

"I'll try!" Pinky says before hanging up.

"Hey!" Firebreather says as he flies down. "Something the matter? You stopped patrolling."

"The North Station is under attack from the Merchants and the ABB." I say as I go through my contacts and call Sarah. "Pinky and Gully are stuck in the crossfire."

.

.

Rex "Ginobog" Sloan POV

.

"Whoo!" I shout as I bullseye a druggy with my slingshot.

Gotta say, when the boss man said keep an eye on this place in case anyone ignored his orders to leave it alone. My first thought was, why? It ain't like there was any point. That thought was quickly followed by me calmly removing myself from the crisis of getting him to relax his grip on my throat, while certainly not pissing myself in the process of questioning his orders.

Nope, cool, calm and collected. That's me and whatever that bitch Allie says otherwise is a lie. She's just jealous I won't let her ride the Rex train to explosive pleasure town.

Anyway. My boredom was cured when a couple of dickbags in Merchant colors strolled down the street with some canisters. And now?

*Krrr!*

"Hot dayumn! I'll never get tired of that!" I say as I shoot another guy in the chest with a marble, and watch him turn into a red mist.

Just gotta make sure I don't wreck the station. Boss man put his word on the place, and takes his reputation seriously. I honestly think it's his kink. I don't see the point, it isn't making us money, and does nothing for the gang. But, eh, I got nothing.

I see another jackass in blue pull out a gun and aim it at me. And I smirk as I go to my bag of marbles. Only for my blood to run cold as my hand scrounges around an empty pouch. I'm out.

"Shit!" I think as I jump behind a concrete divider. One of the tall, triangular grey ones.

"Shit! Fuck! Bitch monkeys!" I curse as I smack my forehead for being stupid enough to forget to bring extra marbles!

How was I suppose to know some chode smokers would actually try shit on the Endstopper's pet project! Even I'm not that dumb! Maybe, most likely. Okay, it'd depend how drunk or tired I was.

"Hoooooo." I breathe out to relax myself as bullets fly past and hit chunks of concrete off the block I'm behind. "Okay then, what to do?"

I grab some gravel and, after charging it, toss some of the debris from the side of the block and move. Using the momentary smoke screen to duck behind a different block while scooping up a few pieces of rubble and rock.

'Okay, that bought a few seconds.' I think to myself as I wait for the gun fire to start back up.

*Tat, tat, tat-tat*

'Ah, that didn't take long.' I think to myself. 'Bastards are off their pills today. Odd. Oh well!'

I lean over the side of the of block I'm behind and, loading a rock into my wrist mounted slingshot, take aim. I'm only getting one decent shot before they hone in on me, might as well make it worth something! So, I ignore the fuckwits firing at the wrong parking block, and fire the charged rock under one of their cars and duck back behind the block.

I hold up my fingers and begin the count down.

"Three, two, one… one and a-"

*KRRRR!*

'Eh, late's better than premature.' I shrug.

Peeking around the parking block, I see the fiery destruction I made. Bodies all over the place, moaning and groaning. Fiery bits of rubber, metal, gravel, and people littering the immediate area.

Yeah, I'm awesome.

Getting up and stretching, I decide I'm done here and walk off before I'm tempted to make any more noise. Where am I going you may ask? Towards one of the brothels we have hidden around. Gotta work off some steam, and the ladies love it when I stop by.

Just another great day in the life Mr. Explosion!

That's me.

.

.

-Saturday, August 7th, Southwest Commercial District, 1pm-

.

.

Reginald "A-Train" Franklin POV

.

"I got that for ya Mr. Mustain." I tell the older black folk gently as I carry his bags.

"Thank ya kindly Reggie." He says in a hoarse, dry voice as we walk to his car. His cane making soft clacks as we walk. "Wish ya didn't hafta do this."

"Think nothin of it old man." I say with a smile. "We gotta look out for each other. If that means carrying yer bags, so be it."

Stormfront's been ruthless. Everyday more folks go missing. And her guys patrol the streets in groups at all times looking for easy marks. Whether that be a lone black guy, or a little Hispanic girl. It's aking it damn near impossible to step out without either a group of brothers, or a piece for our own safety. Both preferably.

Course that's also led to more gang activity as everyone is banding together. Taking things into their own hands because the cops are too busy elsewhere. It's just a fucking spiral of chaos. Doesn't help that Alan, my guy from track, is spearheading the whole thing.

"Still ain't right." He says as he we reach his car. "Put'em in the back seat."

"You wanna hand me the keys so I can-"

"Not on your life boy!" The old man chuckles. "I'm old and weak, not invalid."

The drive to his apartment complex was pretty uneventful, If a bit long due to the detours we had to take. Half because the streets are get'n torn up, half because of Stormfront's hunts. It's why I volunteered to help Old Man Mustain. No one else was really willing, and I have powers. And Mr. Mustain doesn't have anyone. His son ditched him, and he was left to raise his grandson when his son went missing. Then, his grandson got into hard drugs and ditched him as well.

Few months back, he got the news that his grandson died in the hospital. I lost Nathan, but I still had my mom their for me. He has no one. I can't imagine what that's like.

"Alright old man, I'll get the stuff while you go get your apartment unlocked." I say as I hop out of the passenger seat.

"Keep calling me old man and I bend ya over my knee like the welp you are!" He says threateningly. I know he doesn't mean it. He's the kind of guy that's kind to strangers, and rude to people he knows.

"Assume'n you can lift your arm up without it popping!" I shout back as he walks to the stairs of the parking lot.

"I'll pop you!" He says as he disappears, securing his last word in.

I gather up the groceries in my hands, wrapping the bags around my fingers and wrists to get them all and avoid having to come back. I shut the trunk and hear the automatic locks click shut as I head in to follow Mr. Mustain. Jogging up the stairs I find him pretty easily, his old age keeping him from moving too fast.

"Ha, I thought you weren't old?" I tease the man.

"I never said I ain't old." He replies. "Just that you'd get beat if you kept reminding me."

"I'll stop." I say with false innocence. "Wouldn't want you hurting yourself after all."

"I still have a cane, boy." He says. "The only thing keeping me from beating you blue is the fact that you have my food."

"Whatever you say old man." I chuckle at his words.

We make it to the third floor where his apartment is. And I stop as I see a group of three skinheads at the end of the hall. White, with SS tattoos made to look like lightning bolts on their shoulders.

'Aryan Empire.' I realize with a growing sense of dread. 'If I just play this calm, we can both-'

My thoughts are cut off as Mr. Mustain walks right past me, uncaring for the goons at the end of the hall as he heads for his apartment.

Sure enough, the goons take notice and start walking our way as the old man makes it to his door.

"Well, what've we got here?" One of them says with a smile. "Back from a grocery run?"

I go to speak, to interject and put myself in focus and keep their attention. But-

"Yep!" Mr. Mustain says with a false smile. "Me and Reggie here just got back from the store."

"Nice, nice." He says as he puts his thumbs in his belt. "Funny thing is, I don't recall you being given permission to leave the building."

"And I don't recall asking." Mr. Mustain says.

"Watch your mouth old man." The thug says as he steps forward. "You don't want to get off on the wrong foot with us."

"Look, he's just old." I say as I step forward. "He's slow to learn how things are and change."

I can take'em easy. But this ain't about me. This's about keeping the people safe. If I hurt these guys, they'll just bring more next time.

"Alright, I see how it is." The thug says with a challenging smirk. "The N*****'s too old. Can't remember the shit stain that is his own color."

He's trying to start a fight.

"Well I wouldn't say I'm too old. I still remember plenty." Mr. Mustain says.

'Shit!' I think in a panic. 'Stop talking!'

"Oh yeah? And what's that you remember old man?" The thug asks.

Looking back, I see Mr. Mustain scratching his chin thoughtfully. And I know there is no way he's unaware of what's happening.

"Well, I remember I like fried chicken, Kool-Aid, playing basketball was always fun when I was younger." He says. "Now I just drink Hennessey in my free time."

The Empire goons start laughing at his words. Seeming to find his likes comical. Then I realize he's listing off stereotypes.

"Man, you really are just a regular old cotton picker huh?" He asks with a casual smile.

"Well, never picked cotton before." He says as he strokes his chin in thought.

"Really?" The second goon pipes up. "With how old you are, I'm surprised you don't remember the fields."

"Oh! I do remember some fields." Mr. Mustain says with that familiar, mischievous gleam in his eye.

"I bet you do old man." The lead thug says with a sneer as he leans forward. "What do you remember about the fields?"

"I do, I do." He nods sagely. "I remember the taste of watermelon."

That gets another round of chuckles from the group. Seeming to find the old man reinforcing stereotypes to be hilarious.

"Yeah, it was nice and juicy as I ate it out of your mother's ass." Mr. Mustain continues, getting the white boys to stop chuckling. "Though that doesn't surprise you! You already know all about how we n****'s get them bitches. And your women can't seem to get enough of us. Must be our massive cocks. Why you think so many black kids ain't got daddies? We drownin in so much pussy, it's hard to keep track."

The lead thug pulls out a gun from his waistband and puts it to Mr. Mustain's forehead.

"You must think you're a funny n***** huh?" He says.

"No, but I am looking at a sad joke." He says

I prepare my speed. This is going too far too fast! Fuck! I'll deal with the fallout later. Figure something out.

"I'm about to end you!" The thug says.

"Then you should take the safety off." Mr. Mustain says.

*Bang* All of my thoughts halt as I hear the sound of a gun go off.

The thug goes wide eyed for a bit. Before dropping to the ground and clutching his thigh. Screaming in pain as he rocks on the ground.

Looking over, I see Mr. Mustain has a gun out as well.

"You're a bit too young and fresh to be threatening me, boy." He says as uses his cane to knock the thug's gun away while keeping his own trained on the other two. "And I'm too old to care much. Now scram, and take your whitey tighty shit stain with you."

He bends down and pockets the thug's gun as the other two carry their bleeding friend in a hurry. While I stand here in a mix of disbelief, and relief.

"Man what were you thinking?!" I hiss at the guy as he unlocks his apartment.

"Thinking I was done with their bullshit." He says plainly as he opens the door. "Set the bags wherever. I'll get to'em eventually."

"Mr. Mustain, those guys-"

"Were kids high on power." He cuts me off. "Trust me, I know. With any hope, one or two of them will wisen up. A bullet to the calf ain't nothing like one to the head."

I stare at him as he sits in his dusty brown recliner and takes out a cigarette.

"They'll just send more guys now." I say, trying to, I don't know. Warn him?

"Let them." He says without looking at me. "Let them send a few guys to kill off an old man with nothing left. They'll be doing the social security pensions a favor."

"They'll target your fri-"

He cuts me off by holding up a finger as he takes a drag of his cigarette. Puffing out the smoke, he opens his eyes and looks to me, with the most soul crushed expression I've seen. It's not the look of someone who's seen or experienced tragedy. No, instead it's the look of someone who expects it, and is just waiting.

"Before you bite yer own foot, I ain't got no friends or family left." He says calmly as he lays back. "Even when I did, they wouldn't've missed me."

"You don't mean that." I say softly. "No one is ever really alone."

"That's where, you're wrong boy." He says between drags. "Some of us, we're meant to die alone."

He stares off into the distance as he says that. A sullen look on his face as he does.

"Go home Reginald." He says. "You keep staring at me like that and I'll start thinking you wanna fuck me."

I look away at his comment. Before slowly turning around and heading towards the counter and setting his bags down. I look up to him again, seeing him continue to stare off into space. I decide that I'd rather not scrounge around his shit and just leave the stuff here.

"Reggie, before you go." I hear as I head to the door.

I turn around to see the old man looking me dead in the eye. His eyes still holding that same, sullen acceptance from before.

"Don't be too hard on yourself." He says slowly. "We all make mistakes, and not all mistakes are avoidable. Take it from someone who's lived a life full of'em."

I stare at the old man in anew light. This isn't just a guy with no one left. It's a guy who outlived everyone who was there for him.

"I'll uh, I'll keep that in mind Mr. Mustain." I say as I hold the edge of the door. Staring at the brown stained carpet of his apartment.

"Yer makin me feel like an old kook." He says after a drag of his cigarette. "Call me Archer."

"Sure thing, old man." I say with a smirk.

He stares at me with a piercing glare before picking up his cane and pointing it at me.

"Get the fuck out before I shoot you too." He says with a smirk.

I hold my hands up in mock surrender as I step out and close the door behind me. Staring at the door as I think about everything that's happened. I don't know what it is. Maybe it's him, maybe it's just me. But, it's like he looked at me. And saw right through me. Saw, everything. I, I'm not sure. But-

"I don't hear no feet moving!" Mr. Mustain shouts.

I turn on my heels and hurry out the hallway and out to the streets.

There's also a weird authority about that man. Something that draws you in and makes you underestimate him before he shows how perceptive he really is.

.

.

Archer Mustain Sr. POV

.

I stare at the door a bit longer as I zone out. Going to that all too familiar nothingness. An emptiness where I don't think, I'm nothing. And I don't remember.

That's my favorite part. The lack of memories. If only I had Alzheimer's instead of Arthritis. I could comfortably forget. Forget my long line of fuck ups. Forget the old gang, forget The Marquis, forget Junior, forget Alan. Go back to just me and Jamila. Working our asses off to start a family. Me in the trainyards, Jamila working at the diner even while pregnant. We'd have married if we could've afforded it. Then Junior was born, and Jamila died on the table. And I-

I regret so much. Maybe, maybe if I never treated Junior like it was his fault, maybe he'd still be here. Great, I'm remembering again.

I wish I could forget.

Then maybe, it wouldn't hurt so much.

.

.

-Sunday, August 8th, Southwest Commercial District, 2pm-

.

.

Reginald "A-Train" Franklin POV

.

I'm jogging down the street towards Mr. Mustain's apartment complex. Momma said he wouldn't answer the phone and no one can get ahold of him. So she's got a bad feeling. And after what happened in the hall, I can only fear the worst.

I round the block when my heart stops at the sight. Two police cars and an ambulance outside his apartment. Two EMT's pushing a gurney with a black body bag on it. My fears confirmed.

I'm too late.

'No! There's a chance it ain't him!' I think as I jog to the scene. Once I get close however, an officer holds his arm out and stops me.

"This is an active investigation. I'm afraid I can't let any civilians pass any further, sir." He says.

"I got info though!" I say with a foreign desperation in my voice. "If that's Mr. Mustain, I know who did it!"

The officer gently pushes me back further. "Any and all additional information is appreciated, but please report them to the proper channels at your nearest police station."

"At least let me see damnit!" I try and push through, feeling my adrenaline rush and pump my power. Before I squish it forcefully when I feel a hand on my shoulder.

Turning around, I see the masked red face of Velocity. The bottom of his face being all that's visible. He looks me up and down before turning to the officer.

"I got this." He says, and the officer nods before backing off. "You said you have info? Did you know him?"

I pause at his questioning and realized something. I didn't know him. I knew of him, and interacted with him once. Aside from that, I only know his name, and that he has, had no family left.

Why do I care so much?

"Mr. Mustain? Yeah, well, kinda, not really." I admit. "I, I helped'em get his groceries yesterday. Side's from that, we knew each other existed, I guess. My Mom knew him better."

"That's fine." He says in an attempt to comfort me. "You said you know who did this?"

I swallow the lump in my throat as I watch the ambulance drive off. And I think back to my brother. Is that what it looked like as he was carried away? If I tell the hero what I know, will it just be another Blue Hawk? Where the bad guy keeps getting away because the heroes are too busy? Will it be worse because it was just some unpowered thugs?

"No, no I, I was just in a panic." I say as I stare at the disappearing ambulance. "I'm sorry."

"It's alright." Velocity says forgivingly. "I understand."

'You really don't.' I think solemnly, as I know what I gotta do.

.

.

-Sunday, August 8th, The Rig, Pigott's Office 3pm-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I enter Piggy's office with Miss Militia behind me. Closing the door as we enter into the minimalist room. With a lack of any decorations or even any pictures. Utilitarian, I think Chris called it.

"I'll spare the pleasantries." Ms. Piggy says. "Have a seat."

"I'll stand." I say as I cross my arms.

"Very well, can you explain to me why you're considering breaking away from the team." She asks, not breaking stride in her words.

"Um, because the team is incompetent?" I point out. "And nothing is getting done?"

Piggy stares at me with an unreadable expression as I stand my ground. Unable to tear away from her gaze.

"This is about Kitsu, isn't it?" She says, more than asks.

"She's been missing for days!" I stress. "And meanwhile, the gangs have taken it as initiative to go wild! Not only that, but despite our best, we have no clue where she is! And the people who can help, are being kept from doing so!"

"People like you?" Piggy says with a raised brow as she sees almost right through me. Though, my frustration at being treated like a fragile mascot as opposed to the most senior Ward isn't a secret.

And neither is my relationship with Kitsu for that matter.

"Among others! Why not have Lyra help?" I stress. "Her sense of smell and her dogs are perfect for tracking!"

This would be the perfect time to debut her! She's been calm and collected for a week straight. Hasn't hit anyone, and her dogs have stopped marking The Rig!

"Because Lyra's situation is more, delicate, than many have been led to believe." Pigott says evenly.

I can read between the lines. Even when I'm upset, I'm not stupid. The way she said that implies there's classified info on her.

"There's got to be something more you can do!" I accuse.

She splays her hands out to show there's nothing in them. All the while never taking her eyes away from mine.

"My hands are tied, Vista." She says placatingly. "There's little more I can do. I've already called in outside assistance and requested the Triumvirate's help."

"This is bullshit!" I shout.

"Watch your tone Vista I am-"

I ignore her as I stomp out, using my power to expand the crack of the door and stomp through it before letting it return to normal. I've been here long enough to recognize when I'm being railroaded. Not sure if that's the right word, but I don't care! I'm being treated like a sic year old again and any concern I raise is being talked around. Rather than actually addressed.

"Yo! Vista, what's up?" Dennis asks with a hand out for a fist bump.

"Not now!" I say as I stomp past him.

.

.

-Sunday, August 8th, Merchant Warehouse Hideout, 6pm-

.

.

Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane POV

.

"And uh, he got us." The goon says nervously as he finishes explaining what happened.

I stare at the goon's reflection in the glass beaker of my, well I like to call it my apothecary. It's one of my smaller workstations. This one is a less dedicated one in my office, for whenever I get a hit of inspiration. Regardless, he's scared and sweating bullets.

"That is, quite the unfortunate news." I say with a sigh as I turn around to face him. "Do we at least know if the canisters work?"

He paces in place nervously as he looks to the texts on his phone and then back to me. Clearly contemplating how to phrase his words, less he say the wrong thing.

"We um, the green ones worked as intended." He says as he swallows the lump in his throat. "The guys were able to calm down immediately, and yeah, they worked."

I stare at him passively as he doesn't continue. Clearly, either the other two didn't work, or they didn't get a chance to test them.

"Keep going Jimmy." I say simply, watching him flinch at the sound of my voice.

"The, well, the other two, Ginobog blew up before they could be used." He says quickly.

"Unfortunate." I say as I pinch the bridge of my nose. "I'll have to remake them and test them in a more controlled environment."

As soon as I say that, Jimmy's eyes go wide. Clearly fearful of what that might entail.

"Calm down, Jimmy boy." I say with a small smile. "I'm just thinking to myself. You're not in trouble or anything."

He relaxes slightly at my words. His shoulders untensing as he steals glances towards the door. Clearly wanting to get away from me.

"Why so tense?" I ask him as I lean back on my desk. "I'm not going to hurt you or anything."

He swallows another lump in his throat as he seems to be torn over whether or not to speak.

"Y-you're just intimidating is all, b-boss." He finally says.

I know, I've carefully crafted my image to be just that. A strong organization needs three things, a foundation, infrastructure, and a goal. Right now, that foundation is a place for people with nowhere to go. It's why I've the warehouses for the homeless running. As opposed to repurposing them. Keeps the masses content.

Our infrastructure? A joke. These idiots listen to the ones could who kill them, or give them their next high. In my case, I'm both of those things to them.

Our goal? Whatever I say it is. And I need a strong presence to maintain that order.

"Hmm, and why do you suppose that is?" I ask as I walk to the sink and grab a glass.

"W-well, after what happened t-to Ron, and Fredric, and Sally, a-and Henry." He stutters as I fill the glass with water. "It's just, um, yeah."

I hum noncommittally as I turn around. Staring him down as I walk towards him with the glass.

"Well, it's not like they died for no reason." I explain as I hold out the glass. "Hold this."

He does so immediately, if tentatively. That's good, his fear stems from the knowledge of what I could do to him, alongside the uncertainty of whether or not I'll actually do it.

"They all died, because they disobeyed me." I say simply. "Now, drink."

"I-is it s-safe to-"

"I won't repeat myself." I say, never losing my soft smile.

Jimmy shakily puts the glass to his lips, clenching his eyes shut tightly as a tear rolls out. With a deep breath to steady himself, he gulps the water down. Waiting for an agony that won't come.

"You seemed thirsty." I say calmly as I take the glass from him. "Calm down Jimmy, you're acting like I was forcing you to drink poison. Now go on, I have some things I need to do."

He wastes no time in hurrying out the door. The sounds of his rapid foot steps on the metal grating of the catwalk ringing in his retreat. Eventually leaving me in silence to think.

"Hmm." I hum as I look to my workstation.

So, the ABB are protecting New Wave? Or could it just be the ferry station? Or is it just because it's the north station, and close to their territory? I'm aware that the fox and the dragon have some connection to each other, but I'm not sure just how deep that connection goes. Just that she won't actively fight him, and he stays out of Ward and New Wave territory.

It could just be a case of Ginobog being bored and my men being there at the wrong time. He's known to be abrasive and ready to throw the first punch at the smallest slight. But that seems unlikely. If it was a case of boredom, he wouldn't have stopped until after the PRT showed up. Not before.

"Hmm, with the brewing storm, perhaps it's time to slow down." I say to myself. "Let the others kill each other off, prepare to strike when it looks like their at their lowest. For now…"

I look over to my cork board with pins and wires. Connecting the events and happenings of the last fifteen years. A new one being the forefront of my plans.

Pinky, a new recruit to New Wave, and avid streamer. She let out in her streams just how she came into contact with New Wave, and her life before that. Taken in from the streets by a reporter in Seattle. One who unfortunately became collateral in to the Underminer in the endless game of cops and robbers. A single, Tracy Burke.

The same bitch who outed my father all those years ago! Oh how fortunate it is that the pet project of the woman who helped drive my father to suicide, is now with the rest of the people responsible for his death!

If I believed in god, I'd be thanking him.

"It may be too late to get to you Miss Burke." I say as a smile creeps its way onto my face. "But I can still go after those you left behind."

All the pieces are falling into place. For now, I just need to wait.

.

.

-Sunday, August 8th, Biron House, 7pm-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I hide my head under my pillow as best I can. Intent on drowning out as much of the noise as possible.

"You are not taking my daughter out of the city!" Dad shouts.

"Um, legally she's my daughter five days of the week!" Mom shouts back. "And there isn't jackshit you can tell me to do!"

There's a bit of silence followed by the statement. Whether that means they stopped arguing, or are just doing so quieter now, I don't know. I'm just glad they-

"You just want to take her away from me!" Dad starts shouting again.

"I'm just trying to get her away from any bad influences!" Mom shouts back.

'Please!' I beg internally. 'Just stop! Or at least wait until I'm not here!'

"Oh, you mean like me?" Dad accuses.

"You and all the other freaks she hangs out with!" Mom yells back. "You know she got put on mandatory leave because of her behavior today?"

My heart stops in fear of what she might mean by that. The F word making me believe it to be the worst.

"How is that my influence!?" Dad asks.

"Maybe if you weren't such a loose cannon, she wouldn't be mouthing off to adults!" Mom shouts back.

'Oh thank god.' I let out a breath I didn't know I was holding in.

"Oh, you wanna talk about loose?" Dad starts. "If it weren't MY influence, she'd be pregnant by now! Or at least cheated on her girlfriend by now!"

'I really don't want to hear this!' I think miserably.

"There you go! Making it all about you!" Mom shouts back.

.

.

-Sunday, August 8th, Dallon House, 9pm-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"Alright, Kratos is fed and I put a rock on his tote." I say as I enter the kitchen to find Mark cleaning the dishes.

Ever since Kitsu stopped playing with the damn bug, on account of her being gone, it's been getting rowdier and rowdier. When we got home from patrol after making sure Gully was going to be okay, we found the damn thing trying to climb a windowsill in the living room and get out.

"How big of a rock?" Mark asks.

"What does it fucking matter?" I ask, tired after a day of patrol.

"Because-"

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

"I'll get it." I say as I get up, thankful for another distraction.

Walking through the house and making my way to the door, I prepare to call on my power just in case. Opening the door, I have to immediately look down to see Missy, in the black and purple hoodie Kitsu gave her. Her head down with the hood covering her face.

"Missy, what are you doing here?" I ask the girl.

She shuffles on her feet before looking up to me through purple sunglasses.

"I, was wondering if I could, stay the night?" She asks in a quiet voice.

I haven't seen or heard from her since Kitsu was declared missing. She sort of shut down a little once the news broke. According to Vicky she just started acting like she did before she met Kitsu. Whatever that was suppose to mean.

"You know I can't say yes, Missy." I tell the pint sized Shaker. "Not without hearing from your parents."

She chuckles almost morosely at that. Finding something I said funny.

"You can try, you have their numbers." She says as she looks back down at her feet. "I don't think they'll answer though."

Oh.

It's that again. Her parents are fighting and she's come here for an escape. She does this often enough, but, it's just weird to see it happen when Kitsu isn't here.

I stare at the girl a bit longer before sighing. Stepping aside, I hold the door open for her.

"Fine, just for tonight." I say.

"Thank you." She says curtly as she shuffles past me.

Looking down, I notice she doesn't even have shoes on. Meaning she fled her house as soon as she got the chance. A tell tale sign of a toxic household.

"Just so you know, you're leaving first thing in the morning." I say as she wordlessly sits on the couch.

"That's fine." She says quietly.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

How did this happen? Why did I come here?

My parents fighting is nothing new. Heck, what they were fighting about was nothing new either. I just, I couldn't take it this time. I know there's nothing I can do to stop them, so I shouldn't worry about what they say. But, I just don't want to be around for it. Out of sight, out of mind and all that jazz.

Does that make me immature? Is it childish to not want to have to deal with problems you can't solve? The thing is, do I want it solved? The longer it goes on, the less I remember when we were happy. And the more I just want to get away.

I, I think, maybe, I don't. No, never mind.

"You can sleep on the couch, or in Kitsu's room." Mrs. Dallon says as she stands in front of me, arms crossed. "Your choice, just let me know now so I can get the spare sheets."

"I, um, can, can I sleep in her room?" I ask nervously. "Is that okay?"

"I highly doubt she'd mind." Mrs. Dallon says. "If anything you might know how to care for her plants, so any advice would be helpful in that regard."

"What, do you mean?" I ask tentatively.

"I have no clue how to care for her plants, and all I know about Kratos is that he apparently has the intelligence of a dog." She admits. "And that he likes bananas."

Oh! That's what she means. I can help with that! I listen to all of Kitsu's rants. Or at least, I hear them. Sometimes I just zone out and pet her tail while she's distracted. She's so cute, when she gets into a rant. So long as you're careful about it, you can do virtually anything and she won't stop you.

"Um, Kratos eats rotting plant matter, fruits and vegetables mostly." I answer. "As for the plants? They're self sufficient, they don't need any care."

"Weight off of my shoulders." She says softly with a shrug. "Amy and Vicky should be back from the hospital sometime soon, so just, do, whatever."

"Okay." I say curtly as she walks away.

I sit here, staring at the TV for an unknown amount of time. Just, calming down. Before I eventually get up and head to Kitsu's room.

The sweet scent of the flowers adorning her room hit me before I even make it to the door. And stepping inside onto the soft moss reminds me that in my rush I left my shoes at home.

Walking to her bed, I crawl under the heavy blanket she uses and bring the stuffed teal narwhal up to my face and snuggle into it.

'It still smells like her.' I think as I let myself drift to sleep.

.

.

-Thursday, August 12th, 11am, Sewer Hideout-

.

.

Francis "Trickster" Krouse POV

.

I entered this room expecting an annoyed little girl. Some snark, rude comments. A little back and forth. You know, the works.

As I stare at the unresponsive girl. I conclude that this is, in fact, not, what I was expecting.

"Helloooo?" I say as I walk towards her cautiously. "You in there?"

She gives no response to my questioning, and just remains stock still as the water slowly drips onto her head. Further dampening her hair as small droplets occasionally slide down her forehead and soak into the blindfold.

"Okay." I say slowly as I stare at her. "Is this another one of your attempts to fuck with me? Because let me just say, it's kinda working."

I wait a few moments for a response, and get nothing. No indication she heard me, no twitching, nothing.

"Um, okay?" I say awkwardly as I rest my hands on my hips and think.

I'm not sure what to do here. Jess suggested Chinese water torture. It's one of the most successful torture methods in history. Despite her not agreeing with the whole thing, Jess still understands the position we're in. At this point we can't afford to just, not try everything.

What I didn't anticipate, is Kitsu completely stonewalling! Nothing! If we give her food, she eats and then says nothing!

"Okay look, we can't keep doing this." I say to the girl, hoping for some form of response. "The city's devolving into chaos the longer you're away, and I think we both know it's because you're away that it is. Soooo, come on!"

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I wake up in my mind space again.

'Anything?' I ask [Conduit]

[Negative]

'Alright, wake me up when something interesting happens, or in three days.' I say as I force myself back asleep to pass the time. 'Whichever, comes, fiiirrrrsst.'

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Mike "Lightstar" Freeman POV

.

I walk into my house, already on guard, a frown setting on my face as I notice the welcome mat is crooked.

It sounds paranoid, but there's a small blue paint stain just under the mat's corner. Me and Amanda worked out a system that if we ever invite someone in without the other home, we nudge the mat to uncover the dot before opening the door. That way if something happens, only a master would get away with walking in and one of us not noticing. It's water base paint too, so if the worst happened and they cleaned up the mess, they'd remove the dot.

"Amanda!? Honey!?" I call as I feel the hair trigger on my powers tremble.

"Yes Darling!?" She calls back inside the house.

That means she's fine. I never call her honey, she may call me that. But not the other way around. And we don't call each other darling. If she's mastered, then the mastering is a subtle one.

It may seem a bit extra, but I don't trust anything to chance. Chance is what got Jess a closed casket.

"We have some, special guests honey!" Amanda calls back.

That makes my blood run cold. There are only two possibilities with that answer. And neither set me at ease.

So, it's with that caution that I carefully walk past the entrance of the house and to the living room. My blood pumping in my ears, thankfully the kids aren't home from the daycare, so they won't be here and have to see anything in case something happens.

Taking a breath, I walk into the living room to see my fears realized. There, across from my wife-

"Hello there Michael." She says.

"I go by Mike." I grit out towards the woman. "You should know that by now."

"Very well Mike." She says easily enough. "I have some rather, interesting news for you."

"And what could the Chief Director possibly have that would require a personal visit?" I ask her.

Chief Director Costa-Brown merely hums before bringing out a briefcase.

"A Class twelve secret, one that directly involves you." She says as she unlatches the briefcase.

"Amanda leave." I say immediately, and immediately she gets up.

"She can stay." Costa-Brown says easily as the briefcase opens to reveal a series of documents.

"I'll not risk her by having her involved in this!" I say, my blood boiling at such a casual dismissal of endangerment to my wife.

"She's already involved by being married to you." Director Costa-Brown says. "And this is information that may very well impact her regardless of whether or not she's informed. Besides, even if she decides to let the information slip, no one would believe her."

'Fuck. It's one of those secrets.' I realize.

A secret so outlandish, you'd look like a loon if you talked about it.

"Fine, what is it?" I begrudgingly ask as Amanda tentatively sits back down.

"You may want to sit down as well for this, it involves Fleur." Costa-Brown says as my heart stops. "Or at least, a version of her."

…

What?

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

Yes, I looked up the gas prices for Massachusetts 2010.

And then accounted for the Endbringer's shenanigans.

.

Rex's cape name, Ginobog, is a heavily bastardized form of the Filipino words for Mister and Explosion.

Mister = Ginoo

Explosion = Pagsabog

.

No questions to answer this time around.

.

As always comment and speculate! I love reading what you guys think might happen, and helps me write as I do use it. And if you read these you'll know I do credit ideas.
Here's the link for the discord: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro

You've got all sorts of authors there, me, The Dark Wolf Shiro, Mirlnir, Infonticus, Flamesclawsxx, and I'm too lazy to put any more.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Olegzol, SolverFollower, macdjord and 133 others
Newb to the game
Jul 10, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
4
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
35 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
EurasianHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Achieving World Domination as Victoria Dallon! (Worm SI!Vicky)
Eurasian Jun 28, 2026 Words: 169k 1 ... 22 23 24 evil mc self-insert victoria dallon
Replies693
Views111K
Today at 10:54
22darthvad
Chastity
 [NSFW] Getting A Harem Is So Gallant (Worm, Mind Control)
Chastity Wednesday at 09:45 Words: 7.4k 1 2 amy dallon harem mind control
Replies36
Views12K
Today at 13:27
MagnificentMind
MagnificentMind
Hoden
[NSFW] A Different Dallon
Hoden Feb 12, 2026 Words: 32k 1 2 3 4 5 incest male protag maledom
Replies145
Views63K
Apr 20, 2026
The_Woolgatherer
The_Woolgatherer
EliXiR_
[NSFW] Roulette (A Worm/Gacha Fic)
EliXiR_ Jun 9, 2026 Words: 7.4k 1 2 chaos gacha harem miss militia / hannah washington
Replies44
Views10K
Jun 19, 2026
Isebas
Isebas
OnAHiatus
 [NSFW] Parasyte X Worm (An Alt-Taylor Fic)
OnAHiatus Aug 22, 2026 Words: 2.8k 1 2 all the body horror amy dallon parasite
Replies48
Views2K
Yesterday at 16:48
OnAHiatus
OnAHiatus
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Worm CYOA, Kitsu 1
 Thread starterNewb to the game  Start dateMar 7, 2024  Tagsaction adventure amy dallon bisexual protag carol dallon comedy cyoa female oc insert female protag first fic gremlin mc mark dallon missy biron morally dubious morally grey protagonist original character romance self-insert slice of life the dallons victoria dallon worm worm crossover worm cyoa
Prev  
1
2
3
4
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Ch. 61 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#473
A/N A Slow Descent pt. 2

Alt title: Revelations and complications.

.

.

Redburndragon: She got bored. And now we get the image of Nero on his fiddle while Rome burns.

Guest: Just vibin'

Aardarm: Don't worry, the set up will be worth it.

Grimnosh: It's revealed later, but Kitsu is completely unaware of how much time has passed. She's been shutting off her mind anytime she was left alone. So, yeah. And you're right. What [Conduit] might consider important to mention, is not what Kitsu would consider important.

And poor Missy. City goes to hell and she's forced to the sidelines. Confirming her suspicions that it was her girlfriend's influence, and not herself, that caused the PRT to give her more important tasks.

Kaykaykaykayan: He'll be lucky if it's just missing teeth. Remember, Kitsu knows how to rearrange someone's gender. And she knows how to give others nymphomania.

Guest: I'm becoming predictable aren't I?

Deathchill: You're welcome!

DancingLeaf: in this chapter, you find out.

Gogmazios: You're welcome!

RadChaos897: Rising tensions from Pokemon Mystery Dungeon?

As for FFN's issues, I've switched to QQ. And as of now, that's the extent of my cross posting. Turns out I fucked way up when formatting the documents for this story. So I'm having to copy paste each chapter, and manually reformat each and every paragraph. So, yeah. Got enough on my plate. It takes an hour to do it too. So QQ is only up to chapter 26.

Efail1: I PM'd you.

I will say, thank you for voicing your issues in a comprehensive and mature way. I am not being sarcastic. You are a breath of fresh air.

If you want to understand further, go to the reviews, and check the review that's two down from yours. You'll see what I mean.

Disrespectfulniceguy: Yeah, that's on me. To clarify, it's meant to be a billion, but was cut down to millions due to taxes. At the time I was writing with no beta so the inconsistency slipped through.

I'm still writing without a beta. I just learned how to check myself better.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Monday, August 9th, The Rig, 7am-

.

.

Director Emily Piggot POV

.

I watch as Mr. Stark's, New York New Wave representative, Mr. Wilson, takes his seat across from me at my desk. With Legend taking the other seat next to him.

This is the first of several meetings on my agenda for the day. The topic of today is the lease of heroes to operate in Brockton Bay.

"Thank you for meeting with me Ms. Piggot." Mr. Wilson says as he extends a hand for a handshake.

I stare at him impassively. Not wanting to set the wrong tone, I refuse to acknowledge the handshake. This is not a friendly, or casual meeting. Standards need to be set.

"Legend." I say as I regard the member of the Triumvirate. "You understand the gravity of the situation?"

"I do." He says with a nod. "With the Endstopper Child out of the picture, and with Kaiser's, disappearance, the city is quickly losing stability. Crime rates are rising exponentially and show no sign of lowering."

It's relieving to have someone who knows what they're doing.

"Uh, yeah. That's why we're here." Mr. Wilson says as he takes his hand back awkwardly. "Normally, we wouldn't really need to ask to send people over. We got a lot of autonomy. But Tony, Mr. Stark believes you would have better insight as to how we should play this."

'So he sent me a man who clearly doesn't know what he's doing.' I think as I look at Mr. Wilson. 'Depending on his disposition, Mr. Stark either sent me a headache out of spite, or a sign of good faith.'

It all depends on whether or not Mr. Wilson is stubborn or, or placating.

"Precisely." Legend agrees. "The PRT NE is willing to assist to the best of its abilities. Within reason of course, we still have our own people to protect and can't weaken ourselves too much."

"Understandable." I agree before moving to clarify. "I understand that New York has a focus on more destructive capes. That is not what we need here. What's needed is defenders, people who can protect and reduce collateral."

"Understandable." Legend says easily. "With that, I don't think it'll be difficult to lend you one or two capes. I would recommend Clay and Cache."

Trusting his judgement, and not truly having the time to deliberate. I agree to his suggestion. I don't have the luxury of being picky. And I have thirty even more documents I need to parse through.

"Have their documents sent my secretary and I'll read them over." I say curtly before turning back to Mr. Wilson. Time to see how competent he is. "You're already aware of what I require. Do you have any suggestions based on my established request?"

He sits up a bit straighter at my questioning. Never losing that naïve, eager eyed expression. Showing his nervousness and inexperience.

"Um, Yeah! I got a few documents here with some people we can send." He says as he goes to his briefcase and pulls out a few folders. "We have a few decent capes. Sky High, Jessica Jones, and Falcon are who I'd recommend."

'Jessica is the cape Tony mentioned would show up regardless. This is just a formality to accept his assistance and provide a valid reason for her to be here without causing a scene.'

That's the problem with most parahumans. The moment they get powers, they get it into their heads that they're suddenly above everyone else. That their powers and struggles make them more than everyone else. In some cases, it can be argued to be true.

This is not one of them. This is accommodation. Not, privilege.

"Very well, I'll read over them and send word back to you tomorrow." I say as I accept the dossiers. "Speak with the accountant on the third floor. They'll set the time."

"Understood ma'am." Mr. Wilson says as he gets up.

"Miss Piggot." Legend says with a small nod and a smile as he stands up. "I'll have the paperwork done on our end by tomorrow evening at the latest. I hope you have a stress free day."

'Shit in one hand, hope in the other.' I think to myself. 'If life sticks to its normal patterns, I'm going to sleep with fifty new grey hairs as usual.'

"And you as well. I thank you for your assistance." I say as they turn to leave.

Looking to the clock on my wall, I sigh as I realize I have ten minutes before my next meeting.

Deciding I have a little time. I get a head start on reading through the documents of New York New Wave Capes.

Looking through the documents. I realize they have a decent collection so far. Kahldur'ahm is a no. His ethnicity and foreign status make him a massive target for Stormfront's hunters. The only reason Static Shock and Shadow Stalker haven't been sent away is because with all our resources dedicated to keeping the city as stable as we can. We don't have the means to safely get them out of the city. So they're being forced into the safer areas, away from the majority of the gang fights.

Moving on.

Looking through the documents. I realize Ms. Jones is coming no matter what. So I set that one aside to read later.

Hmm, quite a few fliers. What is it with New Wave and fliers? They even have a Tinker with a specialty in, Personalized Aeronautics. And an aerokinetic with a flight suit.

And then they have a brute with flight in the form of a Ms. Foster. The Alexandria package if you will. Though she seems to have a bit of extrasensory thinker powers as well.

What is it with New York and powerhouses?

.

.

-Monday, August 9th, The Rig, 7:45am-

.

.

A stocky man of nondescript, Caucasian features steps into my office. And I feel my mind reverting to my training days in the PRT. His features are nondescript because I can't focus my mind on them. Facial recognition skills are crucial in the field. Identifying hostiles from friendlies and civilians being a necessary skill.

I know what he looks like. But when I try to describe it, I draw a blank.

This man is a stranger.

"Mr. Santino, I presume?" I ask.

"Correct." He says as he steps forward and takes a seat. "I apologize in advance for any suspicion or discomfort you may have over not being able to visually identify me. A necessary precaution when you have access to the information I have."

His words imply that it's not his doing. Otherwise he wouldn't have phrased it as a necessary precaution, when.

"So it's not your power?" I ask.

"Correct." He answers curtly. "Though you'll have to forgive me as I cannot go into detail."

'I didn't think you would.'

"Understandable." I agree with a small nod.

Dealing with WEDGDG is always tedious and, rather contrive at times. Though while annoying, I understand the need for such, obtuse, security measures. Access to the amount of sensitive information and predictions that WEDGDG has, is dangerous. As such, personal meetings with closed system recording devices are always preferred over any other method of communication.

"Shall we start?" I ask. "I'm curious to know what the infamous Watchdogs have to warn me about."

His posture shows no change as he gives me WEDGDG's report.

"Just that we have nothing." He says simply.

…

I wait for a further explanation or elaboration. And I feel an all too familiar sense of unease and stress growing in me at the lack of any more information.

"What do you mean?" I ask slowly. Putting emphasis on each word.

"Just that." He says succinctly. "Kitsu is notoriously difficult for thinkers to predict model. And a few months ago, we got confirmation that proximity to her only worsens this effect she has. From a distance, predictions can be made. We just have to target things effected by her actions and presence. Even then, it tends to be inaccurate."

That part I already knew. The running theory behind that being that she's mentally unstable, capricious, and doesn't make plans. Thus predicting her actions difficult, because she can simply change her mind for no apparent reason other than she feels like it. Something that her criminal record and actions corroborated.

"I'm sensing a but." I say.

"Yes." He says. "The thing that had us rethinking this, is that proximity to her, increases this effect. Merely being near her, makes precognitive Thinker powers become increasing unreliable in her presence. Like the powers refuse to accept she's there. Either giving nothing, or causing severe headaches in the Thinkers the more they try."

There's a singular, terrifying conclusion that leads to.

"She's difficult to model not because she's unstable." I piece together. "But rather it's the result of her power."

On one hand. That's good because it means she's not a mentally unstable powerhouse.

"Correct." He says. "Kitsu has manifested the rare ability to be a partial blindspot."

Which is more concerning than a standard blindspot. With a blindspot, you can operate around it. A partial blindspot, is someone who can be predicted, but not without consequence or any real accuracy. A certain Fallen leader being a chief example.

But still. That sense of unease won't go away.

"That's certainly good to know. I'll be sure to keep any precognitive thinkers away from her." I say. "But, you said you had nothing. The city is rapidly falling into the Boston games' unwanted sequel. And there is nothing else for you to say, other than The Endstopper has a power that's keeping her from being predicted."

This is highly suspect. Anytime I meet with a WEDGDG representative. It's always succinct and to the point. They already know what I'll ask, and have answers prepared. This meeting would be over by now. And I wouldn't even remember the meeting. Just have a stack of audio transcripts and a vague recollection of what I was told.

"I was hoping for a more convenient segue into this, but." He says as he touches a device on his wrist. And I'm suddenly capable of perceiving the features of the black woman in front of me.

This, absolute breach of protocol can only mean one thing. They're being dead serious, and risking their identity to prove their intent.

"We have learned that Kitsu's partial blindspot, is not isolated to her." She begins explaining. "Her blindspot encompasses her direct actions and the effects thereof. Worse yet, it bleeds out from there. Creating a series of diminishing returns of that blindspot in proportion to her influence."

"In other words, the more she interacts with something. The more her partial blindspot spreads." I put together.

"Correct." She confirms. "As of now, WEDGDG can only predict prominent events in Brockton Bay with an average accuracy of thirty percent."

As opposed to the projected eighty three percent from six months ago. A steep drop.

"Needless to say, we cannot assist you finding her." She says as she gets up and turns his device back on. Forcing me lose any recollection of his features. "We can however, conclude she is still in the city. But nothing more."

"I suppose that's something at least." I say through a sigh as they leave.

Her presence, despite the headaches, was all that was keeping the gangs subtle. And out of New Wave territory. Making a relatively low maintenance area. She didn't even have to do anything. It was her presence that deterred gang activity.

Nothing like a nuke in the form of a little girl with ADHD and penchant for mischief to keep people on their toes.

.

.

-8:30am-

.

.

Rebecca "Alexandria" Costa-Brown POV

.

Stepping into the beige minimalist room, I look to the woman appointed director of the PRT ENE. Stern, stoic, a veritable paragon of composure.

She's changed a lot since the ground troop in Elisburg to now.

"Director." I say with a nod as I take a seat, setting the suitcase I brought with me down on the floor.

"Alexandria." She says with a return of her nod. "It's not everyday I meet with a member of the triumvirate. Much less two, and for separate issues."

She's on her guard, suspicious. That's good. In my experience, people tend to receive unwanted news better when they're on guard and expecting worse news.

"It's not everyday that someone is ordered to release classified information." I respond in kind.

She gives no immediate verbal response. Instead going from a passive stare, to an active glare.

"Elaborate." She says slowly as her brow furrows.

"I'm told that you're already aware of Kitsu's parentage." I say, maintaining my dual identity.

"Correct." She says curtly.

"Perfect. You are to inform the Dallon's of her familial relations." I say.

Her brow furrows as her eyes widen. Showing a clear sign of disbelief mixed with indignation. A sign that she, doesn't agree with the order.

"On whose authority?" She asks cautiously.

"Chief Director Costa-Brown." I inform her. "All individuals who are directly involved in the matter are being informed. Lightstar included."

She takes a deep breath through her nose before responding. Her shoulders tensing as she speaks.

"You can't possibly think this is a good idea." She says calmly.

She's got a good poker face. Even with my ability to cold read that's been honed and being aided by my perfect memory. It's only my extensive time with her, that lets me detect the anxiety marring her features.

"It was not my decision." I lie. "You'll need to speak with Costa-Brown on the matter. I'm merely the messenger."

I grab the black suitcase and set it on the desk in front of me. Sliding the container towards her.

"Doesn't matter how you do it." I say as I let go of the case. "But these documents need to make it to the Dallon's before the week is out."

"There is, no way." Piggot starts as she stares me dead on. "This ends well. For anyone."

It's not ideal. But it is, unfortunately necessary.

"I didn't make the call." I respond. "In truth, I agree with you. And had I not vehemently argued this, you would've received this order a lot sooner."

She takes not even a second to answer back.

"That would've been better." Piggot says with a hardened glare. "Rather than informing them when the girl is missing."

She hisses the last bit. Making her beliefs on the matter, very clear.

"And I agree, if I had known this would happen. I would've conceded and passed the order on sooner." I confess falsely.

We sit here, staring at each other as the clock behind me silently tics the seconds away.

This is unfortunately the ideal scenario. With Kitsu causing a growing blind spot, she's causing a chain reaction that's even had an effect on Contessa. Her paths are becoming unreliable the closer it takes her to Brockton Bay. So far, only one path in the Bay has had any success. And it required direct involvement.

"I have a meeting with Brandish and the Pelham's later today." Director Piggot grits out. "I'll inform her afterwards."

And our projected time until Scion goes AWOL has lowered. Or rather, become more inaccurate. With our projections moving from ten to twenty years, to five to forty.

"Very well." I say as I get up from my seat. "For what it's worth, I'm sorry this task is being forced on you."

With this, we can create a situation that'll take Kitsu out of the Bay. Mike is on his way. His feelings for Jess never faded over time. And after learning that Kitsu might be her, and his, only surviving family, even if in a more indirect way. He's dead set on at least confirming that she is.

Mike's biggest fear, is his children being forced into the dangers of cape life. It's why he left. He disagreed with the New Wave movement, and the one person who convinced him to go along with it, paid for it with her life. And hearing his daughter is already in the thick of it.

Well, Brandish isn't the only one in her family with issues of needing control.

Brockton Bay is too important to have it being rendered unreadable.

Piggot's eyes narrow at me. "Don't lie to me." She mumbles.

'I wasn't'

.

.

Emily Piggot POV

.

As I watch the second Triumvirate to visit me leave my office. I can't help but be grateful for kidney problems. And reassured that my decision to turn down Panacea's offer to heal it.

Lord knows I'd have drank myself to death by know if I could.

.

.

-11am-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"Very well." Sarah addresses to Director Piggot. "We can get Crystal and Jenny to patrol the commercial district in Triumph's absence. Meanwhile, we'll have to talk to Ben's parents. But I think we can get them to let him patrol the Boardwalk with the Wards."

Ben's parents have actually been looking to move. With everything that's happening, they fear the worse. Not just Ben being hurt, but also him being made an orphan. So they're thinking of moving.

"Agreed." Piggot says curtly, seemingly satisfied with the answer. "Though I'd have you relay to Laserdream and Firebreather that they need to report in every hour. And when a situation occurs."

"Done." Neil responds as he stands up in preparation to leave.

I get up to leave with him and Sarah as well.

"Mrs. Dallon, I'd like for you to say." Ms. Piggot stops me. "There's something more for me to inform you of."

I cautiously sit back down, along side Sarah who looks to me with concern at the sudden change. Which is very warranted. Seeing as we never get asked to stay behind.

"Alone." Piggot says as she looks to Sarah expectantly. "Sensitive information."

With slow movements. Sarah tentatively gets back up. As Sarah and Neil leave, with me staying behind to hear what was so important. I feel my muscles tense in anticipation of worse news.

"Alright." I say as we stare down at each other. "What is it that's so sensitive that you couldn't have Sarah know about it?"

"Straight to the point?" Piggot cocks an eyebrow. "Very well."

She leans over to her desk's cabinets, and pulls out a file. She then slides to across her desk to me.

"A while ago it came to our attention that we had massive holes in our security." Piggot begins to explain. "So, Chief Director Costa-Brown hired outside help to, scour our systems. And in one exercise, broke into the evidence locker of the PRT Headquarters in Boston. And stole some, inconsequential evidence. In this case, one of the things stolen. Was the clothes Kitsu was wearing when she was first found."

"Okay?" I say as I grab the folder with suspicion. "I'm not going to find anything, perverse in this folder am I?"

"There's a reason this meeting is just us." Pigot says ambiguously. "But that's not it."

I open the file to find a bunch of papers detailing findings on her clothes. From the fact that there's the blood of five different people on the front of her shirt. To the gouges and bloodstains on the back.

"In case you didn't already know." Pigot says. "Kitsu, is a Slaughterhouse Survivor. And her clothes reflect a run in with The Siberian and Jack Slash. But more than that. They have her blood on them."

"Why are you telling me this?!" I say as I slam the file shut. "I already know what she went through. I don't need the details."

I don't need to be reminded. I've seen the signs. A major one being that Kitsu will avoid looking at mannequins. And when she does, she stares at it until someone or something snaps her out of it. And she has a general phobia of anything faceless.

Not to mention the recent events this is bringing to mind!

"I'd suggest you keep reading." Piggot parses out, gesturing to the file. "We were able to DNA test the blood on the back of her clothes. Which we have every reason to believe is hers."

"She's indestructible." I point out.

"She's a verfied trump who develops powers with no apparent pattern." Pigot counters. "She could very well have developed her invulnerability as a result of her run in with the nine. But aside from that, I heavily suggest you read the DNA report."

I take the file back. And skim through until I get to the DNA test section.

And my heart stops.

Maternity test, Paternity test, four Avuncular tests.

The reason Kitsu looks familiar, is because her looks are familiar. She doesn't look like Vicky and Crystal because she's vaguely similar to them. If these documents are reliable. Then she looks like them, because, according to this, she's their cousin!

"This is bullshit!" I shout as I stand up. "Jess never had a daughter! Hell, Jess was never pregnant! I might believe this if the mother was someone else and it turned out Mike had a one night stand. But Jess? In case you forgot, we literally saw each other every other day when she was alive!"

I don't even know what to say to this! It's absurd!

"I know." Piggot says calmly. Taking my outburst in stride. "But the DNA doesn't lie. We just thought you had a right to know. Besides, our current theory is multiversal travel."

"Bull, the first time that happened was in Madison, a year ago." I argue as I sit back down to try and calm myself. "Kitsu showed up in Boston, in two thousand and seven.

"The incident in Madison only proved it's possible." Piggot counters. "This could very well be an isolated occurrence as the result of a power Kitsu has, or one that was used on her."

"So you expect me to believe that the girl I'm fostering is coincidentally my niece from an alternate universe?" I say as I cross my arms. "That's asinine."

"I'm just the messenger here." Pigot says as she raises her hands defensively. "I was told to show you the documents, and that's it. I'm not here to challenge your worldview or convince you of anything. Personally, I don't believe this changes anything."

"So this whole revelation is just business then?" I ask in disbelief.

"Yes." She says. "I should also inform you that your brother is also being informed."

"Michael!?" I yell in disbelief. "He's, I, how does he have any say in this!?"

Nothing good could come from his involvement. No contact for three years. And this is how he's brought back up?

"It wasn't my call." Pigot says sternly. "If it were up to me, not even you would've been told. All this information does is complicate things for those who know, while offering no benefit for knowing."

On that, we can agree. The burden of knowledge is a horrifying thing. One that not many, really understand.

"Also, for Kitsu's replacement hearing aides, you'll need to go to Kid Win yourself." Pigot says as she transitions with no care. "After what happened with Armsmaster, he's unwilling to let anyone touch his tech without his supervision."

Okay, you don't just drop heavy shit like that and then go. Oh! Your package is ready as well.

"I don't blame him."

.

.

-1 Hour Later-

.

.

"You were in there for an hour." Mark says as I step into the car. "Anything interesting to tell?"

I have the DNA tests and a few other papers. The names are struck from the results to prevent leaks.

"Just a few documents I need to look over." I say. "Oh, and you might want to find a parking lot. There's, something you might want to see."

"Um, okay?" He says. "Is everything alright?"

"Just, a lot of bullshit." I say as I rub my temples.

"Um, scale of one to ten." He starts asking.

"I'm drinking tonight." I cut him off. "It involves Mike."

That gets Mark to quiet down as he turns into a side road. The ride to a fast food parking lot being done in an uncomfortable silence.

Bringing up Mike is a bit of a taboo for us. All of us. The day Jess was shot and killed was a day we all died a little. Mike more than anyone.

Mike left, hung up his cape and fled into witness protection. He never really agreed with the movement, and Jess was the one to convince him to go along. If it weren't for her, he would've abandoned us long before we unmasked. And last we ever spoke.

He made it clear that he blames us for her death.

"Alright." Mark says as he puts the car in park. "What's this about?"

I go into my briefcase and hand him the papers.

He takes them and looks through them briefly before setting them on the dash.

"What does this have anything to do with Mike?" He asks snappishly. "We already verified Vicky's ours. Why bring this back up?"

"Mark read the fucking papers okay?" I say as I slap my briefcase. "This has nothing to do with that."

Not long after Vicky got her powers, we all noticed the similarities between hers and Crystal's abilities. Only real difference is that Vicky can't project her forcefield past herself, she has her aura and super strength. No lasers.

Which actually makes her more similar to Neil. And we took her the doctors to get a DNA test. Disguised as a regular doctors visit.

She's Marks daughter. But the knowledge that she might not have been, kind of spiraled Mark further into a depression. It wasn't until Kitsu showed up and gave him a distraction that, well.

I, I don't want to think about this. I'm just grateful he stuck around and forgave me.

"Okay, kinda, not seeing the big deal?" He mumbles. "Just says Subject one, Subject two, and Subject three. None of them are you, me, or Vicky so, what?"

"You recognize your own gene sequence?" I ask in disbelief with a furrowed brow.

"I spent, a lot of time staring at those papers." He says slowly. "I could probably-"

I cut him off by handing him the Avuncular tests. He takes them with a cocked eyebrow and starts reading through them.

"Oh, there I am." He says as he grabs one. "And I'm pretty sure that one's you."

Looking over, I see he's right.

That made me feel, like shit. Which, admittedly I deserve. Doesn't mean I have to like it.

"It is." I say. "Subject two, is Mike. Subject one, is Jess. Subject three, is Kitsu."

…

"Okay, now I see." He says slowly before turning ro me in confusion. "I didn't know Jess ever got pregnant."

"She, didn't." I say as I stare out at the Hardee's. Watching quietly as the people go about their day. Completely unaware of any problems in the city at large.

I can't even remember a time like that. It's been so long since I had a truly stress free day.

"Then how the fuck, multiverse?" He asks after a brief pause.

My head snaps to him in shock.

"You, came to that conclusion, rather quickly." I say incredulously. Unable to comprehend how he just, accepted that.

"Carol, honey." He says with an unreadable, almost bored, expression. "We live with several people who break the laws of physics. I realized years ago that if I kept questioning everything, I'd drive myself insane."

"I, that's!" I try to find something.

I'm honestly just pissed he came to that conclusion faster than I did.

.

.

-Monday, August 9th, Dallon House, 1:32pm-

.

.

Rummaging through the through the crate we keep in the garage. Looking for the old family photobook.

I can't get the image of Kitsu out of my head now. How she always bore a vague resemblance to Vicky. How several people mentioned me and her look related.

Finally finding it. I pull out my phone and scroll through some of the photos of Kitsu I have pulled up. Taken from her PHO page. She really likes the camera. Again, something she shares in common with Vicky.

Flipping through the photobook. I find a few pictures of Michael from when he was younger. Age twelve, he had already started growing a beard. Just a few whiskers, but enough that we teased him endlessly for it.

Going back further, I find a photo of Michael at age eight. And holding it next to a photo of Kitsu, my eyes widen in a silent realization.

Kitsu looks like a genderbent Michael when he was younger. Same face shape, same chin, same cheeks, same lips. Same hair color! Mike is a strawberry blonde, just like Kitsu. Though she insists it's a golden orange.

The only differences, are Kitsu's nose, eyes, and lips. Michael has blue eyes, Jess had green. Kitsu's are a turquois, blue green color. And I can't remember much else about Jess's features other than that she had black hair. And I don't think I kept a photo of her. If I did, I don't know where it would be.

But even without it. Just sitting here, staring at the two pictures. I can see Kitsu's resemblance. But, what does this even mean? Kitsu is now, or at least always was, genetically my niece.

I, really don't know how to feel about this. A part of, the logical part, tells me it means nothing. But, the illogical parts of me, the parts I've been trying to beat into submission every other Thursday. Are conflicted.

She's my niece. She's Michael and Jess's daughter. A piece of Jess is still around. Jess was the heart of the team. Always smiling, always here to cheer us up. Great with the kids. She was our emotional backbone.

And I know it doesn't make sense. But I can't help but see that reflected in Kitsu now. And Michael, well.

Outside of looks she's nothing like Michael. Unless you count stubbornness.

This shouldn't mean anything! Kitsu is still Kitsu. Her being some, alternate what-if child between Michael and Jess should be nothing more to me than a little piece of trivia. A fun fact you find on a popsicle stick.

Why can't I convince myself that's all it is?

.

.

-Tuesday, August 10th, New Industrial, 3pm-

.

.

George Swanson POV

.

"MRRRRMM!" The black bitch screams and squirms as me and John toss her into the back of the van.

"Shut it." I say as we crawl into the back to act as her guards while Charles starts the van. "No one's saving you, so you might as well save your lungs."

"And if you don't we still have a few darts left." John says as he loads his dart pistol for effect. "We just don't wanna waste them if we don't have to."

Her eyes tear up as John says that. And I look away as the van starts back up.

It's not that I necessarily agree with Stormfront's view. But I live in the industrial districts, her territory. And she's already made it clear what happens to, 'Race Traitors'. I'm not risking my life and family just to make a point.

Worse the cops will do is arrest me. And I can always claim duress. Besides, at least I get paid. Ten percent of whatever the person I bring in fetches.

This one? Young, twenty something. Might be able to get my kid that new game he wants.

"Woah!" *Screeee!*

All of sudden the van jostles as Charles starts cussing up a storm. Skidding and sliding as I fumble around for something to hold onto in the van. Finding nothing in time as I fall over and knock my head on John's knee.

"C!" John shouts in the chaos. "What the fuck!?"

"Fuck if I know!" He says frantically as he struggles to get the car in order. "There was a blue light and now our tires are slashed!"

"Fuck we got a cape!?" John yells as I hold my aching forehead.

*Skiiirrrt*

"I guess?" Charles says as he slows the car.

*Reeeeee*

"Why the fuck are you stopping!?" John yells as I get back up. "A car can still drive on flats! Hit the gas and burn some rubber!"

*Kirrrrrrrrt*

"We don't have rubber to burn!" Charles shouts. "I tried! Our tires shredded off! We're on rims!"

We slow to a crawl as the van fishtails. With Charles trying desperately to keep us from spinning out. I honestly don't know how we haven't crashed yet, and can only assume Charles is taking us through the back roads.

*Krch*

The car rattles and I'm tossed into my seat again as we stop.

"Shit!" I curse at the pain. At least we're stopped.

Getting up, I look through the windshield to see we actually crashed In an alleyway. Windshield's fucked and the front passenger door is bent in.

"Well, fuck me sideways and call me skippy." John says as he puts his bandana on and pulls his gun out.

"No thanks, you're not my type." I say as I try and nurse my headache.

"Not the time George!" Charles says as he pumps a shotgun he grabbed from under the seat.

"Zip it C!" John says. "If we got a cape then we can't give away our names!"

While Charles and John argue with each other. I look down to the crying, fearful girl. I know what the right thing to do is. And I know what the smart thing to do is.

But, maybe here. They can overlap?

While John and Charles are distracted, I kneel down to the girl. Her eyes going wide as she sees me, and she frantically tries to back away. Taking out my spare pocket knife, she shuts up. Getting closer she frantically shakes her head.

"Hey man! What the fuck are you doing!?" John says from beside me.

I'm keeping myself positioned so that my back is turned and he can't see the knife. But if Charles turns around I'm fucked.

"Making sure she's still secure, J." I say as roughly turn her around and pretend to check her bindings. "Can't have her making out lives more difficult."

Placing the knife in her hands. I shove her back around and point at her.

"Don't even think-"

"WAaagh!" I'm stopped from sentence as Charles finally gets his door open. Only to shout.

Looking up, see he's gone.

"Shit!" I curse as I shakily stand up while John gets to the back of the van and tries to shove the doors open. "What happened?!"

"Blue flash!" He says panicking. "Then he was gone!"

"Wait!" I try and call out as manages to kick the doors open.

Only for him disappear in a blue blur. A gust of wind being all that remains as evidence of his disappearance.

I'm not an idiot. I know where this is going. So, I take out my gun, and hold it up.

"I surren-!" Is all get out before I'm slammed into the brick wall.

Dropping my unloaded pistol, I fall to the ground. Winded and hacking up a lung. Pushing myself up to my hands and knees. I wheeze for air. My thoughts are all cut off, as well as my heart, as a pair of blue running shoes step into my view. Slowly looking up, I don't even see anything else as I black out.

.

.

Reginald "A-Train" Franklin POV

.

After knocking the guy's teeth in, I turn to the van. Intent on getting the girl out of here and to a hospital for a check up.

"Hold on there pal!" I hear above and behind me.

Quickly turning on my heels, I see two men flying down the alleyway. One in silver and purple armor with gold accents. The other in red and black armor with mechanical wings coming out the back.

I get ready for a fight, before getting a closer look at the wingman. Guy's wearing sports goggles like me. Just, red, and they have wiring on them. And the part that puts me more at ease, is well, I know it sounds bad. But the brother's black. So I know he ain't kosher with what these guys were doing.

"Hey man, you can chill." Wingman says before looking around. "We got reports of a crashed vehicle, that you?"

"In a way, yeah." I shrug. "These guys are Stormfront's men. They were kidnapping the girl in the van over there."

I turn and point the van. Only to find the girl crawling through the front seat and out busting out the windshield. Sliding across the hood and running as she gets to the other side.

"Doesn't seem very kidnapped." Purple man says. "Seems very free to me."

"Look, I saw her get hog tied and tossed in the van." I say as I turn back to them. "Look, let me just-"

I run back, parkour the wall and over the van, grab the girl, run around the back of the alley and around the street to where the other two are. Setting her down, my power cuts off as I stop moving.

"Hyeargh!" She immediately pukes. Likely from the vertigo.

"Look, I gotta go." I say. "You got her, she's safe. Just ask her and we're good here."

I get ready to leave, before a wing extends out and blocks my path.

"That's, not how this works." The purple guy says. "Not at all."

I can't be stuck here playing witness! The longer I'm here, the more likely that someone else is out there getting hurt!

"Huh, well, doesn't matter." I say. And bolt in the opposite direction.

I can't stop. Not for anything.

.

.

-Wednesday, August 11th, Old Industrial District 8am-

.

.

(Warning: Topics of Child Death, Suicide, Mental Issues, ECT.)

.

.

Sam "Falcon" Wilson POV

.

"Got eyes on the targets!" I call into my coms as me and Keith fly over the roads. Following the trail of destruction as Hookwolf chases Mechanic through the streets. "West bound towards Marlow. Going eighty five."

Current sitrep, Mechanic was starting shit in Hookwolf's territory. And the canine of collateral took exception to that. Me, Glory Girl, Sky High and Assault are trying to stop them. But between Mechanic's recklessness and Hookwolf's, everything, it ain't easy. Everyone's got a tracker while me and Keith have heads up displays. Keeping the group organized and directed.

"Roger." Sky High, Keith, says as I see him pull in to position on my HUD. "Heard ya loud and clear."

"Where do ya need me bird man?" The voice of Glory Girl rings in my ear.

"Pull ahead of them if you can, see the blue water tower?" I direct the third flier. "Head there. Less they do a U-turn, you should be able to cut them off."

"On it!" She says as her tracker shows her flying off.

"I'm almost there guys!" Assault announces.

Without Battery, who's away for personal reasons, Assault's mobility has been seriously downgraded. He's too used to working with her. So, he's in a PRT cruiser trying to keep up.

Keith pulls in closer, enough so that I can hear his jet pack's thrusters.

"Sky High!" I bark at him. "How much juice you got left?"

"Three fourths!" He bellows, his voice reaching out through the screeching winds. "Seventy percent to be exact!"

'More than enough.'

Keith has a habit of pulling overtime. And as a result, burns through his jet pack's fuel supply. And worse yet, he tends to forget to refuel it.

Shit! Mechanic just made a hard right!

The tricky thing about Mechanic's vehicles is that they don't follow the conventional of most cars. So, him making a sharp turn while going eighty five, is not impossible it seems!

All we gotta do, is stop them. And, barring that, keep them in the area long enough for a barricade to be set up.

Easier said than done.

"Glory Girl!" I exclaim through the comms. "Halt your position! Mechanic is passing right under you!"

"What?" She says in confusion. "Oh fuck!"

Turning towards her as Keith makes a roundabout to cover more ground in case they make another sharp turn. I watch in shock as she dives straight down.

"Glory Girl!" I shout. "What's wrong!"

"There's a kid!"

*kra-rzzzzzzt*

My blood runs cold as my HUD reads off.

(Glory-Girl: Offline)

Shit!

"All units converge on my position!" I demand. "I repeat! All units to my position! Glory Girl is down!"

.

.

-Wednesday, August 11th, Mechanic's Shop, 9:30am-

.

(Recommend you skip if you don't like disjointed story telling to project mental issues.)

.

.

Steve "The Mechanic" Pappagallo POV

.

Pulling into my garage. I put my car in park. Turn off the car. And step out.

It didn't happen.

My legs are weak as my feet touch the ground. Shaky, and unwilling to stay straight.

I'm just having another bad dream. I've been getting them often enough.

I place a hand on my car to steady myself as I continue.

My head is light as the images keep flashing through my mind. A woman, a boy, and a cape.

Just a bad dream! It didn't happen.

I take a few steps forward as round to the front of my car.

My breath catches in my throat and my heart stops when I feel something wet on my palm.

I couldn't stop in time!

My blood pounds in my ears as I look down at my hand.

Red.

I try to scream in surprise, but nothing comes out. Instead I just collapse to my knees.

It happened. It's real.

"Why?" I croak out. My voice hoarse and ragged as my cheeks wet.

"Because you're a coward." I hear the man across the table tell me.

"What?" I ask as I stare at him. His face marred by a bloody handprint along the side.

"Easy way out." He sneers. "Every, fucking, time."

"No, no I, I just panicked!" I defend myself. "They, they were suddenly there! And, and I couldn't move away in time!"

"And so you ran." He says. "Killed a mother, and a son. Probably that cape girl too."

"No!" I blurt out. "She saved them! She, she had to! That's what heroes do, they save people."

Unlike me.

"Unlike you." The man says. "How many?"

"I don't know." I whisper.

My mind is a haze. When was the last time I drank?

"How, many?" He presses anyway.

Oh, there's a bottle in my hand. Good, I, just need to calm down.

"How many lives until you stop taking the easy way out!" He roars.

"I don't know!" I say as I realize the bottle is empty.

"Then answer this!" He yells. "What do you get, when you take an alcoholic piece of shit, who does nothing by drive away from his problems, and hides in a bottle!? You should now this one! You're looking at the answer!"

I throw the bottle at the man. Watching as it, and the man shatter.

I fall to the ground, my back against the wall. Wondering what's going on, when I feel a familiar weight in my hand.

"You get a piece of garbage." He says. "A waste of space."

I sit here, waiting for him to continue. I have nothing left. No family, no friends. Am I even alive?

"If you won't do what's right." The man says as he pulls my father's old pistol out of my pocket. "Then do the world a favor, and take out the trash."

Holding the gun in my hand. I put it to my head.

"Just one last life." He says through my voice. "And then, no more.

.

.

-5 hours later-

.

.

Waking up with a pounding headache. I look around to see I'm in my shop. Shattered glass, and the mirror on my workshop desk, broken. Looking down, I see one hand covered in dried blood, the other with my father's gun.

"Huh." I say as my headache drowns out any other feeling or thoughts I might've had.

I sit here, and bask in the flickering light of my shop, as a familiar numbness takes hold.

.

.

-Friday, August 13th, The Sewer, 7am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

'You know, probably should've asked this sooner.' I say to [Conduit] as I come to. 'But, how long have I been here? I have a crappy sense of time.'

[Answer: 9 days]

'WHAT!?' I mentally shout in a panic.

I thought is was only three or four! I gotta get out of here! Mom is gonna be so pissed! And Missy! I missed our date!

Last time I continuously force myself asleep because I'm bored!

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

-?, Road to Phandalin-

.

.

Hateron POV

.

"It's above you!" Oog shouts.

Looking up, I see nothing but the tree branches. The moonlight casting a series a of shadows as the wind rustles the leafs.

Deciding to trust my teammate. I pull out my sword and cast prep to cast jump-

(You're a Haregon. You can jump into the tree line without wasting a spell slot.)

-But think better of it. The branches are in range, I should save my magic for when it's needed. Launching myself up on my powerful legs. I get grabbed in the branches, an I finally see it.

Pale, taught skin stretched over an elongated face. Solid black, beady eyes bore down on me as it gives me a crooked, ear reaching grin. Rows of needle like teeth lining its maw. In a motion to fast for me to realize before it's already happened.

.

.

"I cast Faerie Fire." Amy says.

"Um, okay. What'd your spell save DC?" I ask as I pause my illusions on the table.

"Doesn't matter." She says with a smirk.

"What do you mean?" I ask in confusion.

"I can choose to fail saving throws right?" She asks with a smirk.

"Yeeessss?" I say slowly, not quite understanding where she's going with this.

"I cast Faerie Fire on myself so everyone can see where I am and that I'm being held by something." She answers.

"Holy crap, that's smart." Missy, who is playing the Tortle Barbarian, says.

.

.

(Percption, nat 1)

"Where monster!?" Roger Cahckough says as he looks around at the ground. "Backpack no see!"

"In the trees, Backpack!" Oog says as he points up.

(I cast guiding bolt)

(But you can't see it.)

(I don't need to. It just has to be within range, I just do it at disadvantage.)

(Okay, roll.)

…

(That's a nat one.)

Roger charges his magic in his hands, feeling the sparklies move through his body-

*Squelch*

"Ah! Bad sparkles! Backpack trauma!" Roger shouts as his pinky is blown off from his own magic.

(Seriously? I lose a finger?)

(That's your third nat one attack in a row. There needs to be something for that level of failure.)

.

.

-5 hours earlier-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Okay!" I say excitedly. "Everyone have their characters ready?"

First night of DnD! Mom refused to play when, after reading the entire book. She pointed to the rule of the DM having the final say. And asked what the point in having rulebook was, if the DM can just say that the rule doesn't apply. And I pointed to section that stated the rules are intended to be guideline, not laws.

Oh well.

"Yep!" Missy says and hands me a sheet.

'Okay, let's see here.' I think as I look through it.

Race, Tortle. Class, Barbarian. Alignment, True Neutral. Name, Oog. Character description.

"Missy?" I ask as I look up to the girl with pursed lip, struggling not to smile.

"Yeah?" She asks with a red face.

"You just made Oogway, didn't you?" I ask.

"Maybe?" She snorts, her cheeks puffing out at my accusation.

We stare at each other for a bit as her blush gets deeper and deeper.

"Got mine." Amy says as she hands me her paper.

I take her paper and read over it as Missy tries not to laugh.

Race, Haregon. Class, Invoker. Alignment, Chaotic Neutral. Name, Hateron. Character description.

None.

"Amy, Ames, Panacea, PanPan-" I begin.

"Fuck off." She interrupts me.

"Why is there no backstory?" I ask.

"Meh, does it matter?" She asks with a shrug.

"Yes." I say seriously. "How are you going to roleplay a character, with zero history?"

"Just come up with something for me." She shrugs.

"Amy, there's literally a section where you roll dice for it if you can't come up with anything." I say in exasperation.

"Okay booster seat." She snarks.

"We agreed not to talk about that!" I shout at her.

I'm, vertically challenged. And can't see past the DM screen when sitting. So, we had to get Vicky's old booster seat from the garage. And it still wasn't enough. So, I'm in a raised swivel chair, in a booster seat.

"Too bad." Amy says as she rests her head in her hands.

"Just, go to your background in the book and roll some dice." I say and toss the paper back to her.

Only for it to fly back and land behind the DM screen. So I pick it up and hand it to dad. Who hands it to Amy.

"Here's mine." Vicky says as she reaches over the table to hand me her paper.

My hopes are not high.

Race, Wood Elf. Class, Druid. Alignment, True Neutral. Name, Leyawen. Character description. Leyawen is an 83 year old who ran from her family in the emerald enclave to explore the world. At one point in her journey, she met an old human man who taught her much about herbalism. However, they were eventually run out of every town they journeyed to because of his unconventional practices. Leyawen is a hoarder with OCD and has several pockets on her clothes to store everything.

Finally! A normal character!

"Got mine!" Dad says as he hands me his paper.

Race, half Orc. Class, Cleric. Alignment, Chaotic Neutral. Name, Roger Cahkough.

"Intelligence five!?" I say. "Dad! Six is the minimum to understand common!"

"Me strong! Me carry. Me the backpack." He says with a shit-eating grin.

"You're a cleric though?" I point out.

"Me make pretty lights! People get better!" He says. "Name, Roger Cahkough. Call me, Backpack. I carry!"

The way he said Roger Cahkough, sounded like Rot Yer Cock Off.

…

"Okay." I say simply, ignoring that, as I use my illusion to set the table. "Let's get started. You all meet up in a warehouse in the city of Neverwinter."

.

.

Bonus 2

.

.

Total damages in Brockton Bay as of 08/11/2010

.

.

397.4 million dollars in collateral damages

Increase in violent crimes: 67%

Increase in drug related crimes: 14%

Increase in gang activity: 43%

Decrease in nonviolent Crimes: 2%

Total casualties estimated to be a direct result of the escalating violence: 204

Number of missing person's cases filled between 07/27/2010 and 08/11/2010: 153

Additional notes: Due to continual targeting of civilians, a cage order has been issued towards Hookwolf with a bounty of $160,000.

Due to Stormfront's continuous targeting of civilians and constant violations of human rights, a kill order has been issued as of 08/11/2010. A reward of 5 million USD to be awarded for her capture. 1 million USD for her death.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

Okay, a bit to unpack here.

Whether or not Mark is Vicky's dad or not, is left pretty much just, up in the air. And the point behind the reveal is not that Neil might be her dad. It's more to focus on the hypocrisy Carol shows in that moment. While also showing how multifaceted people are. Yes, Carol has trust issues, yes, she's a control freak, yes, she expects a lot, yes, she has delusions that she can salvage her family despite it being too late.

But, she's human. She has her regrets, she's made mistakes. And after all is said and done.

Does it matter? It happened years ago. Not making mountains into mole hills or vice versa here, Carol fucked up! But, does it matter who Vicky's dad is? Mark is the one who raised her, Mark was there for her when she was sent to the asylum. Mark, is her dad.

Now, That being said. There are several hints that Mark is her father. Point one. Sarah was completely caught off guard by the revelation. Meaning she knew nothing about it. If Vicky was Neil's daughter, there'd be some slip up. A secret like that doesn't stay buried completely. Point two.

Amy.

She's capable of rearranging people's genetic structure, and knows exactly what she's looking at when doing so. At no point, ever, in Ward or Worm, before or after its reveal, does she even hint at knowing something about Mark not being Vicky's father.

Point three, my story, my rules.

As for why Amy never pieced together that Kitsu is related to the Dallons? Amy's scanning takes time. And Kitsu is afraid of [Princess Shaper] discovering [Conduit] so she'd always cut Amy off before she scanned too much. Afraid of [Conduit] being discovered. While Amy is too interested in exploring her bodies unique systems to pay attention to her genetic markers.

.

If anyone is wondering why the girl booked it. She had a warrant for missing a court date for parking tickets and didn't want to get arrested.

.

Mechanic's whole thing, is survivors guilt coupled with depression. He blames himself for the initial crash that put him in the hospital and caused him to trigger. And was made worse when the Merchants attack the hospital, the day after he was released. He doesn't believe he has a right, to be a good person.

His guilt has forced him into a cycle of self destruction and validation of the belief he is a bad person. And the sad part is, it has nothing to do with his Shard's influence.

He's suicidal, and ironically enough, his Shard is keeping him alive. His shard likes him, and working to make his issues better. Hence why every time he's about to off himself, he blacks out. And why his tech never fails him.

And before anyone says anything, he's literally a character I made based on a time in my life when I was suicidal.

.

Don't forget to leave a review!

.

You can find me here, no seriously. I hold polls to vote on which story I upload next.

Kitsu and Lilyrael are my only characters that ever get any votes.

.

Link to the discord: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro
Last edited: Jul 14, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, macdjord, Finsdale and 130 others
Newb to the game
Jul 12, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 62 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 14, 2024
Add bookmark
#482
A/N Drop

Alt title:

.

.

The reason this took so long to come out, is because I now have 4 fics that I bounce between. And people vote for which one they want to see get another chapter.

The Wild Tale of Cyril Leon now has three chapters.
8
.

.

.

.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Wednesday, August 11th, Medhall General Hospital, 12pm-

.

.

Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon POV

.

I'm currently sitting in the private E.R. afforded to capes after the incident with Hookwolf and Mechanic. Amy's spent the last hour healing me as I was, not looking too hot. Seeing as I was ran over and trampled.

"There was just, so much." I say as I stare at my hands.

"Yeah, people tend to have a lot of blood." Amy says as she patches up my gashes. Or at least, that's what I assume she's doing.

After that dickwad Mechanic ran me over, my shield failed just in time for Hookwolf to run over me. Tearing up my back. But before that, I failed to save the woman, or the boy. The force of Mechanic hitting me, caused me to, to-

"Vicky!" Amy yells in my face.

"What?" I ask as I'm pulled from my thoughts by my sister. Looking in her eyes, I see she's scared, concerned, worried.

"Chill, you're gonna crush my arm." She says.

Looking down, I see I had grabbed her forearm at some point in her healing me. And I had her in an iron grip.

"Shit!" I hiss at my mistake as I let go and pull my arm back. "I'm sorry Ames! Are you okay?"

"Yeah." She says as she rubs her arm through her sleeve. "Yeah I'm fine."

"Look, I'll just go." I say as I hover out of the chair. "Thanks for the patch up and uh, I'll see at home for dinner."

"You can stay, if you want." Amy says to stop me.

"Ames, as much as I'd love that." I say as I turn to face the best healer in the U.S. "You've got people to help, and I've got people to ensure you don't help, or, don't need to help or. Fuck! You know what I mean!"

Why is it that the brain can't, brain when you're tired. Or when you have other things on your mind. It's bullshit.

"I got time." Amy says evasively as she tears her gaze away from me. "Besides, I could use a break."

"It's fine Ames, really." I reassure as I float towards the door and go to leave.

"Besides, you should enjoy your break while doing something relaxing." I say as I open the door and fly out, leaving her behind to relax as I leave.

Flying down the busy hall, I stick close to the ceiling to avoid the doctors, nurses, patients, the likes. But, I just, it's getting too uncomfortable. Being above them that is. So, I eventually lower myself and start walking.

It's, it's not that I don't like flying. I do. Just, it's good to walk every now and then.

God it stinks in here. How does Ames stand it? It's like a mix of old people and rubbing alcohol.

Eventually making my way out of the building and to the streets. I marvel at how, unaffected everything is. I mean, just a few hours ago there was a massive wolf made of metal chasing a super car a few miles north of here! People died!

Do they not care? I, I suppose they don't. I mean, how many people are dying every day? I never cared. Not until it was right in front of me. In my arms, all over my suit, the pavement-

"Calm down." I tell myself.

Looking around the busy drive way of the hospital, I decide I'm better off elsewhere. I'm just in everyone's way here. So, I take off, sticking low to the ground where I can easily ground myself if needed.

Using the streets will be good anyway. Help me learn the actual street names and all that junk. Just, a normal day.

.

.

-Wednesday, August 11th, Brockton Bay Precinct 7, Central District, 5pm-

.

.

Officer Kayden Warnick POV

.

Leaning over on the front desk. I talk with Garret as we enjoy what little down time we have.

"I'm telling you man. Take the promotion." Garret says as he sips his coffee.

"I can't." I reiterate for the third time. "I'd be moving to Boston and I can't do that to Melissa, or the kids."

Garret scoffs at my excuse. Setting his foam cup down on the counter as Janet, the desk clerk, picks it up and puts a coaster under it. Giving the oblivious man a glare the whole while.

"Take them with you!" He stresses, leaning forwards for emphasis. "City's going to shit man. People are starting to call it the Brockton Games. Get out while you can."

"I refuse to believe it's that bad." I respond, standing my ground against the idea. "Look, Melissa's whole family is here. And the kids are starting second and fourth grade next week. I can't just uproot them for my career."

"You're an idiot." Janet butts into our conversation. Never once looking up from her computer.

"What!?" I ask in a mix of confusion and offence.

I didn't say anything stupid. And I'm not doing anything!

"Did you ask Melissa if she'd be okay with moving?" Janet says with attitude as she looks up to me. "Hmm?"

"No?" I tell her. "But why would she want to move? Like I said, our lives are here."

Her job at the antique shop is here. Her family is here. Our kid's friends are here. Why would she ever want to move?

"Oh my god." Garret says as he throws his hands up and turns away. "I give you two more years before a divorce."

"Hey!" I bark at him.

Before I can defend myself further, Garret turns to me with wide eyes and shoves me. Sending me sprawling back and skidding on the tiles.

* CCRRAASSSHH*

Looking up from the ground, still splayed on my back. I'm greeted to the sight of the infamous red Oldsmobile 442. Tricked out with side exhausts and armored blinds.

The Mechanic's car.

Scrambling to get up. I get to a kneeling position as the car shuts off and the driver's side door opens to reveal the man himself. Wearing a navy blue mechanic's jump suit. Welder's mask with a gas filter attachment. And leather shoulder guards.

I pull out my gun and train it on him. I know it's not likely to do much. A tinker doesn't just crash through a police building's front doors without a plan. But, fuck, instincts are instincts.

He takes a few steps towards the desk, boots crunching over the rubble as he walks away from his car. Reaching the desk, Janet peeks up in time for him to slowly hold his hand out in a fist. Before opening it and dropping a set of keys on the counter.

'What?'

He then steps back as I see Garret slowly stand up from behind the counter. Wide eyed and terrified.

Understandably so. This man has more counts of vehicular manslaughter than I've had birthdays. And he's just, standing there.

More of my comrades in blue, filter into the main lobby of the precinct. Only to stop and train their guns on him while a few others call in the code.

We all watched dumbfoundedly as Mechanic raises his hands, grabs the straps of his mask. Lifting his arms up, we all witness the face of the tanned latino with a square face is revealed. Oily black, curly hair and an unkempt stubble. He drops the mask, and gets to his knees as he raises his hands back up in surrender.

"My name, is Steven Rivera Pappagallo." He says in a tired, mild voice I wouldn't have expected from The Mechanic. "I am The Mechanic, and I'm turning myself in."

There's a silence that fills the lobby before an officer puts his gun away and walks towards the man. Pulling out a pair of cuffs, he detains him while listing off his rights.

Maybe I should take that promotion.

.

.

Steve "The Mechanic" Pappagallo POV

.

As I'm pushed to ground while the officers frisk me, taking my spare set of pocket tools, flask, sunglasses and pocket knife. I lay here numbly against the cold tile as I let everything pass by in a blur.

Before long, I find myself in a cell. With two officers staring holes into me.

I tried to turn myself in normally. But the officers at the front desk laughed me out of the building. Called me a drunk and a lout.

They're not wrong. But, they wouldn't believe I was The Mechanic. So, I gave them proof. Now, I'm sitting in a cold cell. It feels oddly familiar. Just more proof I belong here.

The flickering of the fluorescent lights above, the cold metal bench under me. The numbing silence as I'm left to my thoughts. The only thing missing, is a bottle.

Sorry Joey, you'll have to go on without me.

.

.

-Thursday, August 12th, Warehouse backup base, Industrial district, 6am-

.

.

Thomas "Coil" Calvert POV

.

After weeks of being stuck in my base. I finally figured it out. With the assistance of a little snitch of course.

The blindspot. Kitsu. Ever since she was captured by The Travelers, my power has been working properly. No more unexpected demises when walking out the door. No more needing to work around the masses from a hole in the ground.

So currently, I'm putting one of my contingencies in place. Well, one I admittedly had to come up with on short notice. But one I believe is sufficient, given current circumstances.

I've been declared missing. And so I can't just, show up. So, I'm setting in motion a stage to allow me to, move back to my old life with a, reasonable explanation to my disappearance. Hence my current position.

Locked in an empty room that appears to be lived in for several days, dehydrating myself and fasting over the last week. Using a burner I manage to call an old friend from Elisburg. Set the stage for a rescue using only white mercenaries and having them capture a few more men of color to sell the story.

The plan is simple. Pose as an early kidnaped victim of Stormfront. And, using my admittedly rusty skills from my time as a ground troop. Managed to swipe one of their burners long enough to contact a friend.

All the while, The Undersiders are at the docks. And once I'm busted out, they'll release the Case 53 I have in lock up. A suitable distraction. With the city the way it is, and with a new threat about to make its way to the scene in the form of a rampaging green savage, I doubt many will be looking my way.

I'm not sure how she did it. But the Endstopper not only deduced I was Coil, but also that I ordered a hit on Bitch. Hence, her targeting of me lining up with the completion and announcement of Rachel's demise. Meaning there's a good possibility that she knows of the Undersiders being on my payroll. What else does she know? The database and Tattletale both confirmed that her Thinker power allows her to recall seemingly random events that she wasn't there for as memories. Hence her knowing Grue's phone number, but not knowing of Poltergeist.

I'm not foolish enough to believe she'll be contained indefinitely. Whatever game she's playing with The Travelers will end eventually. And I intend to be long gone for when that time comes. Whether that be moving out of the city, or assuming a new identity, so be it.

Any moment now.

*Pop* *pop*

"Shit!"

"Capes!"

'I love it when the hired help is punctual.'

I tune out the chorus of chaos as I hear the warehouse get overrun. The PRT and heroes flooding into the fake Aryan Empire "store house". My escape secure, and soon I'll be able to leave home free. Set myself up outside the city, and continue my operations from there.

A setback to be sure. But a little patience can go a long way. And well, I can always try again.

As I think this, a cape, Dauntless by his golden gladiatorial outfit, makes it to my cell. I stand up, playing the part of the victim, eager to be free.

"You, you're Dauntless, correct?" I ask hastily. "You have to get me out of here!"

As I'm talking, he grabs the lock of the door and squeezes. Breaking it off, and opening the door.

"Thank you!" I praise the man. "I, I've been locked up for so long." I say tiredly.

"You're alright sir, I understand." He says calmingly as he holds his hands out. "Can you tell me your name?"

Something's not right. That's not standard procedure. I'm not frantic, so he shouldn't be trying to ground me. He should be hurrying me out as he looks for the other prisoners.

"Thomas Calvert." I say, maintaining the act, just in case it is merely my paranoia acting up.

He puts a hand up to his helm, the visor gaining a brief light before turning off.

"Alright, just making sure you are who you say you are." He says as he steps aside, leaving the door open for me. "Right this way sir."

This is wrong! I can't place what, but it's wrong! Every alarm in my head is going off and I did NOT get this far by ignoring my instincts!

"I feel I'd be safer if you were ahead of me." I say softly, still playing up the victim act to dissuade any suspicion.

There's a pause before he tilts his head to the side. Likely listening to the comms in his helm. And in a blinding speed, Dauntless is behind me. I'm shoved to the floor as I feel my arms twisted behind my back.

"Thomas Calvert, you are under arrest for the crimes of villainy, conspiracy against the government, money laundering, aiding in villainy, accessory to grand larceny, illegal use of armed forces, participating and aiding in gang activity, and contributing in the delinquency of minors. You have the right to-"

(Timeline Closed)

.

.

-Fortress Constructions, Coil's Base-

.

.

"FUCK!" I curse as I close the timeline. Three days of careful planning, ruined!

I open another throwaway. In the first I sit back down at my desk, taking deep breaths to calm myself. In the second.

"Fucking piece of- HOW!?" I bellow out in a murderous rage. Taking my computer and throwing it against the wall. Before taking my keyboard and smashing it against my desk. "HOW DO THEY KNOW!? How did they find out!? How!?"

Did Kitsu tell them? No, no that's not it. It can't be! I'd see my funds and accounts frozen and seized! Someone told, someone, tattled.

"Oh, oh-ho-ho." I laugh as I realize what happened. The moment she saw a chance, that little cunt ratted me out!

"If she thinks, she can fuck me over, in any, WAY!" I take a deep breath, and calm myself down, before closing the throwaway.

Returning to the main timeline where I sat down. I go through my options. The green beast I have locked up is wearing down on my resources, he's inconsolably violent and while one of my men claimed he speaks some form of Guajiboan and broken Portuguese. He hasn't spoken a single coherent word. Just goes between brooding in the corner of his cell, and raging at the door.

I have an unknown deadline. My resources are running out, and if I don't make an appearance soon, my external resources will be frozen until confirmation of my status.

I planned to fake my death. To go missing. I know twelve languages in case I need a new identity and even have the heads of three different major organizations on speed dial. And here I am. Struggling against a case of forced house arrest!

The fool that I am. I never planned for anyone to discover my power. I told no one, only two other people know. And they'd never tell. I'm too useful to them for them to risk it.

I open another timeline. In the first, I call Lisa, in the second, the throwaway, I call Piggot.

I will get to the bottom of this. And if there's one thing my power is good at, it's information gathering.

.

.

-Thursday, August 12th, Northern Warehouse Hideout, 8am-

.

.

Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane POV

.

Mechanic, has been, arrested. Needless to say, I'm less than happy.

His drunk driving led him to crashing into a police station lobby. And now, it's up to me to get him out. Annoying, but it's not like I had anything going on. Just need to bust him out before he's transported to the Rig tomorrow.

Again, it's annoying. But, the man is too useful to our day to day operations. Unlike Carnage who was just an attack dog, and Permafrost who was overstaying her welcome. Mechanic's cars can be driven by anyone. It's just that only he can maintain them.

Fuck, I'm running out of capes. Luckily my enhancer aerosols are proving to be a good equalizer. Turning the average mook into a level one brute. Nothing extreme, but when given to a handful at a time, quantity gains a quality of its own.

Now I just need to plan Mechanic's bust. Can't risk Snowflame. He's the only one running our drug rings. Mush, he's an idiot, but he's a decent enforcer for the slums, and he keeps me up to date on what's happening.

"Let's see here, a bit of calcium sodium edetate to offset the lead in the compound, should stop the lead poisoning." I mutter.

I tend to ruminate while tinkering.

"Agh, but that lowers its dispersal distance. Hmm, what to do?" I think to myself.

*Knock* *knock*

My eyes shoot up at the noise. My men know not to disturb me at this time. And if they do, it better be life or death. Or it will be life or death.

Turning from my apothecary, I look to the heavy metal door of my office. My mask is on like usual when I tinker. So, taking a few mini canisters and loading them into my sleeve, I check my pocket for my gun. Sure enough, still there.

Good.

Going to the door, I open it to reveal, a woman. In blue skinny jeans and a purple tank top. Latino by the complexion, wavy brown hair that reaches the middle of her back. She's not one of my Merchants. She's too clean for that. Oh, and she's wearing sunglasses.

"What are you doing here?" I ask, my mask turning my voice gravely and rough.

"I'm here for you of course." She smiles as she steps into my office. Taking long, deliberate strides as she moves around me. "Your men sent me in. Thought you could use some, relief. What with all that's going on, and with Mechanic being caught."

She steps back and leans back on my desk. Her hands on the edge behind her as she gives me a sultry smile.

That's, a bold faced lie.

My men wouldn't send me a prostitute or a call girl. I've never indicated any interest, and they know not to interrupt my tinkering. Further more, the lenses on my mask are tinting. Telling me that there are foreign particles in the air that my mask is filtering.

Similar to how silver blackens when exposed hydrogen sulfide. The lenses on my mask are treated with a special cleaner that darkens when new elements are exposed to the air. The darkening fades as the layer of clear primer adjusts, but it makes any changes in the air noticeable to me.

Running through the possibilities in my head. I come to a few conclusions. But I need a bit more evidence.

"I suppose my week has been stressful." I say as I walk around to my sink. Using the mirror to look at my worktable that she's currently leaning against.

Nothing's tipped over. So whatever is in the air, is not from me. I didn't think it was, but it was best to confirm in a way that didn't arouse suspicion.

"Exactly." She says understandingly as she slowly makes her way over to me.

Another point against, she's not afraid of me. As pretentious as that sounds. But it still matters. It means she either doesn't know who I am, or she has a plan and is confident I don't know what she's doing.

She also isn't put off by my mask. Which, is just idiotic.

"So, come on sweetheart, take of the mask, and relax." She says in a husky tone as she reaches to hug me from behind.

Drawing my gun from my pocket, I turn around and smack the back of it to her face.

"Aagh!" She yelps in pain as she collapses from the blow. Her sunglasses flying off as she hits the floor.

Not letting her recover, I step forward and kick her over. Much to her pain and panic. And then I see the confirmation. Bright blue, pupiless eyes with pink sclera.

She's a cape. And with her this being close, my lenses are darkening faster. So the unknown substance in the air, is coming from her. Who would've thought the safety measure I installed in my mask to detect accidental spills, would've saved me so handily.

I put my foot to her throat, enjoying the sight of her eyes widening in fear. Her life now in my hands. And she realizes it.

"You think you can come into my office and use airborne substances on me!?" I say as I point my gun at her.

"Grk!" She tries to speak out.

The door bursts open to reveal two men in cape outfits. One, a blue bandanna and darkened scuba goggles on his face. In blue camo cargo pants and a navy blue tank top. The other, a man in a gray jumpsuit and white drama mask.

"Shit! Mel-Circe!" The blue one cries out.

"So, you're not alone?" I mumble as I feel the gears turning in my head.

Air starts swirling around the blue one. While the gray one hops back outside the door, and runs back in with a crowbar. A fucking, crowbar.

"Ooh, scary." I mock as I press my foot down harder, eliciting a harsh choke from the girl underfoot. "Lest you have a way to attack me without me killing her, back off."

The blue one goes to charge, only for the gray one to hold him back.

"Don't." He hisses. "We don't know what he has on him!"

"He's right." I say calmly and deliberately. "You are in my workshop after all. At, my, mercy."

"Bullshit!" The blue one calls out. "Anything you toss at me, I can just deflect!"

"Can you deflect a bullet?" I ask as I point my gun at him.

The gray one says something behind him, but it's lost in the growing whirlwind the blue one is manifesting around himself.

"Bullshit!" He calls my bluff. "Guns are against the unwr-"

*Bang*

I watch in mild amusement as the bullet does get deflected. Though only slightly. I was aiming for his head, and the winds deflected it to miss, and hit the gray one in the head.

"What the fuck!?" He says as his whirlwind disperses. "You, you shot me!"

It's a spacial effect, not actual wind. The amount of force needed to push a bullet off course from less than twenty feet away is not something mere wind could do. Not unless it was blowing with enough force to shred bone.

Good to know.

"And I missed, seems you can deflect bullets." I say easily enough as I lower the gun back to the wide eyed, now crying girl. "Though it didn't do much good for your friend."

He turns around and freezes at the sight of his dead comrade. His blood leaking onto the floor in a red puddle under his head as he lays there, lifeless.

"Ga-Gary?" He says in a shaky voice.

His knees are shaking as he wobbles back and forth. Seemingly unable to decide on whether to move or not.

'Amateurs.' I think to myself. They're likely recent triggers. No armor, no utility, not to mention their idiotic actions.

"So, this is how this is going to go." I say, getting his attention as I pop out a small canister from my sleeve. "I have a bit of a dilemma on my hands. I'm short on capes, and you seem to be perfect for a job I need done."

"Wha-why would you, would you, I don't." The man stumbles over his words, clearly rattled.

"Simple, a smart man uses his resources." I say and shoot the girl in the shoulder before dropping the canister next to her head, letting the small, almost invisible amount of gas to spread out.

"Agh!/Melanie!" The woman and the man shout respectively.

"Come back here tomorrow, and I'll have your assignments." I say as I take my foot off of her neck.

With a swift kick to her side, I knock her towards the man in blue. Watching as he hastily picks her up. They talk idle chatter, are you okay, I'm fine, that sort of cliché nonsense. Before the blue one turns to look at me again.

"Why would we ever work for you?" He growls. "Hell, you just tossed away your hostage!"

"You truly are an idiot, aren't you?" I snide as I walk towards my workbench. "I don't know what you three were trying to pull, but you should know to never attack a Tinker. In their own workshop."

The wind around him starts to swirl again. And I simply hold up a canister from my desk. He stops in place, his winds dying down.

"I wonder what this does?" I say as I toss it up in my hand, watching it idly twirl before catching it, and setting it back to grab another. "Or this one perhaps? Do you have any idea? No? Didn't think so."

The girl in his arms coughs up blood as her skin starts to get paler.

"Oh, looks like it's started." I say as the man frantically tries to figure out what's wrong.

"What? What did you do!?" He starts to panic.

"Venomous gas." I shrug before explaining. "And no, I don't mean poisonous gas. It only bonds to the blood. It's why I wasted a bullet on her. You have, two hours before she dies."

"What?" He asks shakily.

Without looking, I open the side drawer of my desk. Reach in, count to the third bottle, grab it. And toss it to him.

"A counteractive agent. It'll buy you about twenty hours." I say as he catches it. "Meet me back here tomorrow if you want more. And feel free to bring your friends. It's tinker tech medicine sooo, don't try to recreate it."

"What, why, I." He tries to come up with something, and is clearly failing.

"Go, and take the body with you." I demand.

"Why-"

"I don't repeat myself." I say slowly.

I watch as he tentatively, carries the two out. Two separate lines of blood dragging on my floor as he hurries out the door. Whatever plan they had, having failed miserably.

Taking a deep breath through my mask. I walk forward and close the door before locking it. Heading back to my apothecary, I continue working on my project.

"Hmm, seems good things do come to those who wait." I mutter to myself.

It's like I said. Interrupting me, becomes life or death.

.

.

-Thursday, August 13th, Dallon House, 10am-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"And they won't even let me patrol the northern end of the boardwalk!" I vent to Vicky from my end of Kitsu's bed at the headboard.

"You did break a guys' rib with a lamppost." She points out from the other end of Kitsu's bed.

"He ran into it." I mumble as I press my face into Mr. Star, Kitsu's stuffed narwhal. "It was his fault."

"Oof, future domestic abuse charge." Vicky chuckles.

Not finding the poor attempt at humor funny, at all. I throw one of the pillows at her.

"Hey!" She says with a good natured smirk. "Just calling it how I see it!"

"Not, funny." I grumble as I shoot her a glare.

We sit in an awkward silence as Vicky's chuckles die out. I've been staying here more and more often as my parents keep fighting. Arguing about moving, who I'm staying with, who gets what, everything. Not once thinking about how I feel about it.

I know it's a little selfish of me to think that. But, shouldn't two parents think of their kid as well? I just, I don't like being where I can't do anything. And right now, there's nothing I can do, anywhere.

The Rig has put me on mental health leave. My parents can't be in the same building without devolving into roaring maniacs. And there's nothing I can do to find Kitsu. I, I just, I never had any real control in my life. But, I, I don't know. At least things were stable and not so uncertain.

"I hear the Director of the PRT in Seattle is coming over tomorrow." Vicky says to break the tension. "Know what that's about?"

"No, where did you hear that?" I ask automatically.

"Dean." Vicky shrugs as she leans back and lays down. "He was there when Piggot mentioned it to MM."

'Well they didn't tell me about it.' I think bitterly. 'Though I shouldn't be surprised. They never tell me anything.'

"Hey, what's with the death glare?" Vicks asks as she props her head up on her hand. "You still pissy from the abuse joke?"

"No just, thinking." I mutter as I try to calm myself down. "It's nothing."

"Didn't seem like nothing." Vicky counters.

*Tunk* *Tunk* *Tunk*

Caught off guard by the sound. Vicky and I look over to Kratos's tote. Where he's being, oddly energetic. He has a stick stacked on top of another in a sort of seesaw. With a leg on one end of the stick, he's making a bit of noise as he keeps using it to tap the tote.

"What is with that thing?" Vicky asks as she sits up.

"I don't know?" I say as I get up and walk over to check on him. "Maybe he's bored?"

"That thing can get bored?" Vicky asks.

"He can get bored." I say as I pick up the fist sized beetle.

"How can you hold it?" Vicky asks, clearly grossed out. "Eugh!"

I roll my eyes at her words. Sure he's a giant bug. But it's not like he's dangerous or anything. Heck, Kitsu gave up on her plans to make him bigger and combat orientated because she likes him like this. Tiny, harmless, and low maintenance.

"What's the matter little guy?" I ask as I hold him up.

He just wiggles and swings his legs wildly, if slowly. And soon enough, the lights in the hallway start flickering.

"What the?" I ask in confusion, before I feel it.

An area I can't effect is moving in on the house quickly.

"We gotta go!" I say hurriedly as I set Kratos back in his tote and seal the lid, picking it up as the lights in the hall pop.

"What the fuck?!" Vicky blurts as she shoots up. " Pllleeease don't tell me Vergil's not wigging out again!"

"It's not Vergil!" I say as I head out of Kitsu's room with Kratos's tote in my arms.

Whoever it is, they just made a dead stop above the front yard. Vergil can fly on his saucer, but he can't make dead stops. He has to slow down, or swerve. This is a natural flyer, and my gut is giving me a bad feeling.

"What the hell is going on!?" Mrs. Dallon shouts as she stomps into the hall from the kitchen, followed by Mr. Dallon.

"Someone's here, I think?" Vicky says from behind me.

*Pop* *Shatter* *Pop* *Shatter*

Before I could say anything. All of the lights in the house pop.

"Aah!/Jesus!/What!?" We all scream as we all reflexively duck down.

More spots are moving in! In groups! Cars!

"Cars!" I say in a panic. "There's a group of people moving in outside the house!"

Mr. and Mrs. Dallon shoot up and rush to what I presume is their room as Vicky pulls out her phone.

"Fuck!" She curses as she pockets it again. "No signal!"

"Do you have a home phone?" I ask.

"Yeah?" She says. "It's in the garage because it never got used. Why?"

"Landline phones don't need signals." I explain. "So if we hook it back up we can call for help!"

*Crackzap*

I freeze up at the sound of lightning hitting the house.

"Fuck!" Vicky says as she turns around and flies towards the front of the house.

"Wait!" I call out, only for her to ignore me.

Okay, okay think.

'Kitsu loves strategy games! I've played enough with her to recognize an ambush. Like risk and DnD! Just think!'

Okay, focusing on my power, there are thirty two spheres of no outside the house. So, thirty three people. One is flying. Now two as Vicky leaves and makes the number thirty three.

Pulling my phone out and verifying there is no signal. I dial 911 anyway. Some areas without signal will still allow emergency calls. Don't know all the details, but, never mind because it doesn't work anyway.

So, landline! Which means I'll need to get out of the house and into the garage to find a, no! That'll take too long because I don't know what I'm looking for!

Mr. and Mrs. Dallon run past me out the door, now in costume, as I set Kratos's tote down on the kitchen table.

Everything in me is screaming to run into the fight. To help and fight off the attackers. But, as Kitsu has reminded me. I'm not a close quarters fighter. I'm mid to long range.

Long range! That's it! I know where the people are and can avoid them as I sneak out and warp to The Rig! Get help there! Or at least far enough to call someone.

.

.

Klara "Stormfront" Risinger

.

"We finally got the whole family out!" I smile at the three rushing out. "Good, I won't have to repeat myself."

"Whatever this is Stormfront, drop it!" Brandish says as she powers up two spears. "This is a clear violation of the un-"

"The unwritten rules are a joke, Carol!" I shout back down to her as I cross my arms. "You don't have secret identities, and the limp wristed yes men running this country put a kill order on me. The unwritten rules no longer apply!"

Krieg, the little coward that he is, pulled out and fucked off after that. Claimed I was too high of a risk for Gesselshaft to invest in.

Cowards. They'll come running back as soon as I'm back on top. They certainly didn't mind the wares I was providing.

"What do want?" Carol grits out.

I slowly fly down with my arms open in a clear sign of peaceful intent. Not wanting to lead with the stick after all. Everyone deserve at least one chance to fall in line.

"Simply." I say calmly. "I want you, to join me. You're clearly of higher stock than those you protect. Hell, it was you who took down the previous ruler of this city. And you were teenagers going against an adult with an entire army at his beck and call."

They really are the perfect additions. Superior breeds in every aspect. Aside from the Jewish looking dyke. But she's adopted, so she doesn't count. And the freak, well, I doubt they're too attached to her. And she's not even here.

"No." Brandish says soundly, not dispelling her spears.

"I really don't think you-" I start.

"Final answer." Flashbang says as he holds a glowing green orb in his hand. "Leave."

'Seems I have no choice.' I think tiredly with a bit of frustration.

"I see." I say calmly. "You know how this is going go, right?"

"Hey boss!" I hear Crusader say as he jogs around the side of the house. "Caught a straggler!"

Sparring a side long glance to him. A glance the Dallons share. I see he has a little blonde girl in a purple hoodie bound with his clones. She's wearing purple sunglasses, so I can't see her eye color. But it's clearly Vista.

'Hmm, maybe I can take a few pages out the Herren's book.' I think as I look at the little girl.

"Perfect!" I call to my lieutenant. "Tie her up and toss her in one of the cars."

The Dallons start spouting off some, heroic drabble about how that's wrong, and, I can't do that. Blah blah, consequences. I'm not paying attention.

"Ain't she ah, y'know?" He says awkwardly as he makes a few crude gestures with his hands.

"Yes she's a little lesbo." I roll my eyes. "It's a free country, just fucking say it."

That get's her to furrow her brow at me and her face to redden. Aww, she's mad.

"Then, why would we?" He starts asking.

"She's young and impressionable." I say calmly as the Dallons keep, going, on. "We can teach her right. Undo the corruption that's been shoved down her throat."

Always been meaning to start up some good old fashioned conversion therapy.

My thoughts are halted as my instincts kick in and I dodge a light spear. Only to get sucker punched by Glory Girl not a moment later. Throwing my hand up, I catch her fist and bend it back as I stare her in the eye.

"Wrong move." I say with a glare.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-25 minutes later-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"W-what?" I mumble as I look upon the scene before me.

My house, in ruins. Surrounded by white skinheads. Dad half under a support beam, Mom slumped against a car. Missy cuffed and held down by ghost knights. And Stormfront standing over Vicky as she charges her electricity.

"Let it be known, I gave you a choice." Stormfront says as she holds her hand out towards Vicky. Electricity crackling along her forearm.

All I can feel, is my blood, boiling .

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Dallon house DnD pt 2

.

.

-?, Neverwinter, 6pm-

.

.

Leyawen POV

.

(18 for survival)

Making our way through the sewers of this, city. Dodging the slime hoards and giant rats. Hateron pulls out his map of the sewer system, before pointing to the left. Nodding, I lead us down a narrow passage in the sewer meant to connect two waterways. Keeping my eyes up, I spot the sewer grate above.

Checking my pocket watch, I see we have three minutes before Oog and Backpack start their distraction.

"Aight then, this's the spot." Hateron says. "We should be right under the storehouse 'ere."

"But how are we going to get in?" I ask curiously. "The rungs are ripped out and it's twenty feet up."

"Jus' you watch in awe little lass." He says as he pats my head.

"I'm in my eighties! You're twenty five." I point out with a huff.

"Who's allowed to drink?" He says with what I assume to be a smirk on rabbit face.

I huff as he takes a rope out of his bag, slings it around his shoulder, and leaps straight up-

(17 for acrobatics)

-And throws his legs and arms out. Catching himself in the narrow passage just at the grate. Before reaching up and-

(Roll me strength, and then stealth.

(Why both?)

(Sewer grates are heavy, and moving them is loud.)

(Can confirm)

…

(18, and, nat 20)

-With expert dexterity, Hateron nimbly slides the grate over before climbing up and out. And after a few moments, the rope drops down.

(Roll athletics to climb the rope)

…

(I'm using my inspiration.)

…

(Um, five?)

I try and climb the rope, but I'm more used to vines. Not stupid, rough, itchy, whatever this is made of! Besides! I can make vines carry me up!

My struggle is noticed by Hateron, who face palms at me before motioning for me to sit tight. I do so as he-

(16 for my strength check.)

-pulls me up with little effort.

.

.

-IRL-

.

.

Victoria "Leyawen" Dallon POV

.

This is actually kinda fun. We're on session five, and what I'm learning is the fails are many, and the successes are awesome.

We even learned that Dad's character, Roger, is so dumb. They don't know the difference between boys and girls, and they themselves are a girl. But think that their cock rotted off, hence, Roger Cawkough. Also, can't read.

Anytime we tell Roger that she's a girl. He insists he's a he because Roger is a boy name. And Roger chose a boy name, so Roger is a boy.

We decided to say fuck it and leave it be. Though my character has been trying to teach him how to read.

Missy plays Oog pretty well. And Amy is smart. Like, I'm having a bit of trouble keeping up. Though she's good at roleplay, her character is attracted to mine and she pulls off the act well. Though he backed off when I mentioned the I'm basically fifteen for an elf.

Though now he won't let me live it down.

"Okay." Kitsu mumbles as she rolls a few dice.

"What was that for?" I ask nervously.

"Hmm?" Kitsu hums as she looks up. "Oh, nothing. Can you two give me perception checks? And uh, Missy, Dad, what are you two doing?"

"Getting drunk." Missy says calmly.

"You mean pretending to be drunk in front of the warehouse to distract the guards." Amy says. "Right?"

'Oh no.'

"I uh, already marked off my gold, and uh, me and, Backpack already gave our, first constitution rolls." Missy says awkwardly. "I, thought the plan was to actually be drunk. Not, pretend."

"In her defense, so did I." Dad says.

"Whyba, ha, what, kwhy would you get drunk and risk passing out? Or worse?" Amy stutters before turning her attention to the DM. "I why wouldn't you explain the plan when they started going off course?"

"Two things." Kitsu says between bites of her pizza. "One, I don't railroad, two, if you guys mess up on your own, I'm not helping you. That just undermines player agency, you fail or succeed on your own merit."

Fuck.

.

.

-Neverwinter, Gored Boar Inn-

.

.

Oog POV

.

"Another round please." I say slowly and easily. "For both of us."

"Of course, five silver each." The barkeep says.

Reaching into my coin purse, I toss set the amount down, and slide it forth. The kindly barkeep accepts as he sets two mugs down in front of us.

"Backpack drink!" Roger says as he downs the beer-

(Pfft! Nat 1.)

-only for the big guy to immediately start hacking and coughing.

"Wrong pipe?" I ask the poor half orc.

"Drink burn!" Backpack coughs.

Too be continued

.

.

Bonus 2, Possible Future, because I need to write more happy and fluffy to offset this depressive shit.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Dallon POV

.

"So we had to move some funds over to the Wards program. Needless to say, Overture was not happy." Weld says as he sips his cup of soda.

"Well any Tinker is gonna be upset when their funds are cut into." I respond.

We're hosting a party for friends and family. Nothing special really, just a little social event for us. And our house is big enough for it. With the massive yard, big house, and the pool. We usually end hosting all of the parties.

"I know." Weld says evenly as he sets his glass down on a servers platter. "At this point I'm just venting."

"I understand." I relate.

Why is it that Case 53's seem to have better communication skills than most other capes? I've met, a lot of capes. And being married to Kitsu has seen me meet a lot of Case 53's. And I'll say it, on average, Case 53's are far less temperamental than other capes.

"Heya hot stuffs." Speaking of Case 53's.

Kitsu leans against me as she nuzzles my side. Nuzzles being her equivalent to a hug. Looking down to the shortstack, appreciating the formfitting, back dress and skinny jeans combo she's wearing. I smile at the, flushed face, droopy eyed, oh damnit.

"Kitsu, please tell me you didn't drink." I ask quietly, knowing she can hear me.

Alcohol, goes right through her. Like, if you gave her a beer, and a toddler a beer, she'd be plastered way before the toddler. She's that much of a light weight.

"Just, a little." She says as she puts more of her weight on me. "Besides, I think, I'm getting a tolerance."

She's not, and she can't. Amy confirmed this long ago. Her inability to handle liquor is a part of her innate mutations.

I'm just hoping this is cuddly drunk Kitsu, and not flirty drunk Kitsu. One is manageable, just stick by her, and don't let her wander off. The other, well-

"You're so sexy." She purrs. "You know that? Like, really hot, and cute."

Fuck me.

"I'm sorry Weld, I gotta deal with this." I say as I put my hands on the drunk fox.

"It's quite alright." Weld says with a smile. His metallic body making a literal glint as he does so. "I need to go track down Sveta anyhow."

"Oh, she's in the bathroom." Kitsu says as she leans away from me. "Hurry up big man! I think she could use an iron injection!"

I cringe at the dumb joke and fight to keep my blush down. Weld just gives me a pitying smile as he walks off. Meanwhile, Kitsu is giggling at her own joke. Flirty Kitsu isn't horny or anything. Just way more inappropriate than cuddly Kitsu.

Guiding her through the patio, past the hot tub with Tori who is currently stealing Amy's burger while she isn't looking. If you leave your food unattended for a tortoise to steal, you don't deserve it.

"Aww, look at da turtle munch." Kitsu giggles as I pull her inside. "Om nom nom."

"Yes the turtle is very cute." I agree as I guide my shorty through the kitchen.

I have about an hour until the alcohol wears off. Until then, it's just a matter of keeping her in my sights, and away from anyone. She's not, problematic. Just, inappropriate and shares too much.

"Okay, Kitsu, sweetheart?" I say as we make it towards our upstairs bedroom. "What do I need to do to get you to behave?"

"Hmm, am I not behaving?" She asks sweetly as she lays back on the bed, before she starts pouting. "Have I been, a bad girl?"

"No!" I say as I sit her back up. Bad girl and good girl are our, code words. "Kitsu, I love you."

She cuts me off, leaning forward to steal a quick kiss.

"I love you too!" She says with a wide smile as she hugs me. "I love you so much!"

Oh thank god! She's not flirty drunk. Just cuddly drunk. It's hard to tell sometimes.

"I love you very much." I say as I hug her back. "But we have guests over, and you're drunk."

"I didn't mean to!" She whines. "Amy gave me juice, dizzy juice."

Of, fucking, course. Amy loves messing with others. And sneaking Kitsu alcohol, is one of those ways. She knows how Kitsu gets when drunk. Was probably hoping for flirty Kitsu and when she didn't get that, sent her over to me.

Flirty drunk is funny to everyone, but me. Cuddly drunk, is annoying.

"Mmmrm, Missy~?" Kitsu sings playfully as she goes slack in my arms. "Am I pretty?"

One of cuddly Kitsu's quirks, is fishing for compliments.

"You're very pretty." I say as I scratch her ears.

"Am I fwuffy?" She asks as she presses herself into me and wraps her tail around my back. "I am fluffy! Fluff me!"

She means brush her tail. This is gonna be my life for the next forty minutes. Thing is, I don't mind Kitsu when she's drunk. I actually find her rather endearing. But, I'm mature enough to recognize that that's not a healthy mindset.

Warping the dresser over and grabbing her brush, I get work on brushing my little wife's tail. Positioning her in my lap as she leans into me, chest to chest as she nuzzles my neck.

"Hmm, feel free to squeeze my butt." She mumbles. "I know you like dat."

"I'm fine." I say as roll my eyes.

"Hmmm, yeah you are." She giggles as she wiggles that thick butt in my lap.

'Don't take advantage of the drunk fox.' I tell myself. God that would sound so wrong without context.

"Rrrrmmmm, yeah, that's it. That's the gooood stuffs baby." She says in a gravely whisper as I brush her tail. "I love, how, you, you're you. Hey, I got an idea!"

She shoots up and looks me in the eye. Probably giving her best attempt at bedroom eyes. But one is droopy, and the other is closed.

"What's that?" I ask as I struggle not to laugh at her drunken silliness.

"We should, we, we oughtta, I forget." She mumbles and falls over sideways, onto the bed. "Mrrmm, nap time."

In a few seconds, she's out.

She'll be good in half an hour. Now to go talk to Amy.

.

.

-1 hour later-

.

.

"Sweetie. Snuggle bug." I coo as I gently shake the sleeping shorty. "Wakey wakey."

"Mrmm." She moans and stretches out as she slowly open her eyes. "Oh hey."

She gives me a soft smile as I sit on the bed beside her. Reaching over to brush her golden hair out of her face. She blinks a few times before impishly sticking her tongue out me.

"Keep that tongue out and I might find a use for it." I tease my wife.

"Don't be gross!" She giggles as she playfully slaps my hip.

"You didn't think it was that gross a few days ago." I smirk as she blushes.

She rolls over and buries her face in my hips. Hugging my waist as she kicks her legs in embarrassment.

"Mrrrrmmmm!" She screams into my jeans.

Five years of marriage and she's still so easy to tease. Despite being a massive tease herself. She just can't handle getting as good as she gives.

In more than one way.

"Alright you little drama queen." I say I unhook her arms from my waist and hop up to plop down beside her. "I'm tired and I want my cuddles. So scooch that booty over."

"What are you tired for?" She asks as she nonetheless scooches back to give me more room.

"Remember the dizzy drink?" I ask as I move closer.

"No?" She says as she holds my head to her chest, wrapping her large, fluffy tail on top of me to act as a blanket. "Wait, damnit. I'm sorry!"

"You're fine." I cut her off as I wrap my arms around her and close my eyes. "Just had to do the clean up, Vicky helped."

"That was nice of her." Kitsu says as she runs her fingers through my hair. "Is there anything I can do to make up for it?"

"Hmm." I hum as I relax. "You're doing the dishes from the party when I'm done recharging."

"Yeah, that's fair." She sighs.

"Oh, and Sveta wants me to tell you she gets plenty of iron in her diet." I mutter mischievously as we cuddle.

She's stops running her hands through my hair for a bit. Looking up to see what made her stop. I'm met with a confused look on her face.

"Huh?"

.

.

.

Bonus 3!

Cute and wholesome Fun facts about adult Kitsu and Missy's lives.

.

1 Kitsu is four foot and ten inches tall (147.3cm), and despite accepting the fact she's short, she still doesn't like it. And will angle camera's down or up to make herself look taller.

2 Missy likes medical dramas. Every Tuesday night they can, they watch at least an hour of medical dramas together.

3 Missy likes coffee, and Kitsu has spent countless hours learning and buying equipment to make frappe's, latte's, cappuccino's, and more. Kitsu makes sure to make Missy a cup every morning.

4 Kitsu wakes up an hour Before Missy. And spends thirty minutes cuddling her before starting her day.

5 When Kitsu is playing a video game and gets stuck on a level or area, Missy will secretly look up a walkthrough, and make suggestions to help her. She's been doing this for years and Kitsu has yet to find out.

6 Pizza night is a monthly occasion where Kitsu and Missy set aside a day to spend with each other. It's called pizza night because the only thing they consistently do is make Chef Boyardee pizza. And clean their kitchen. (This might be a future bonus)

7 Any time Missy thinks of something romantic to say, but Kitsu isn't around. She'll write it down, date it, and then hide the love letter around the house for Kitsu to find.

8 Kitsu has almost completely pulled out of cape life because she doesn't want to out shine Missy or influence her career. I.E. Missy getting promotions and more accolades because they're married. (Took a few years, but people got the hint that sucking up to Missy will not suddenly have Kitsu showing up to their kid's party)

9 Kitsu and Missy have 3 Halloween events every year. The 30th, where they'll host a Halloween party for family, the 31st, where they'll host a Halloween costume party for PRT and New Wave, and late at night on November 1st, a private costume party for the two of them where they decide who has the sexier costume that year.

A winner has never been decided.

10 If Missy is late getting home or is out of town, Kitsu refuses to sleep their bed and will sleep on the couch until Missy gets home.

11 Kitsu and Missy both workout and do yoga. Missy does so to stay in shape and keep her body in top condition. Kitsu, because she likes watching Missy workout and knows Missy likes watching her do yoga.

12 Kitsu and Missy never shower together for two reasons. 1, Kitsu uses a special soap for her fur that is not healthy for human skin. 2, anytime they've tried, they run out of hot water before any actual cleaning gets done.

13 Missy will often pretend to be cold, just to get Kitsu to cuddle with her. Likewise, Kitsu will pretend to be mentally worn out from her streaming, content creation and networking, just to get Missy to carry her to bed.

14 Missy is Five foot five inches tall (156.1cm) and will angle her phone when taking pictures to make herself look shorter, because she finds it funny when people see her and Kitsu together and notice their height difference.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

I want to make it clear. That DnD character about Roger Cawkough being confused about gender, is not a political statement, this is a joke my FTM little brother told me about his own DnD character of the same name.

He loves making characters with stupid names and stupid reasons for them.

Such character include-

Richard Nautilus Miaz (Dick N. My-az) he's a fighter from a long line of seamen.

Phineas Germi (Phin Ger-Me) a warlock with a fae patron (Gay fairy joke)

Jack Hoffman, he's a barbarian with a big axe.

Michael Hawks (Mike Hawks) a bard who can never shut up.

And more!

.

I really want to end this arc and go back to the fluffy story, but I finish what I start. Fluff will return! But not before the bad is finished.

.

Mechanic was determined to end his life. Whether that be literally, or figuratively. After several failed attempts, he took the dive, outed his identity, and turned himself in. Intent on pleading guilty and being sent to the birdcage. Where villains like him belong.

So pathetic, he can't even bother to go out with a bang.

From his perspective at least.

.

Also, he still thinks Scarecrow is as tragic as he is. It was hinted at before, but Scarecrow was enabling his addiction while gaslighting him to keep him under his control.

He was simply too caught up with himself half the time, and too drunk the other half, to ever piece together Scarecrow's true colors. And that was Scarecrow's intent. Any chance Mechanic had to sober up, Scarecrow would nudge him back to the bottle. And the one time Mechanic seemed to be wising up to Scarecrow's true intention, Scarecrow put on an act of being the victim. A toxic cycle at its worst.

.

As for Vicky? She's associating the death of the woman and the boy, to being too carefree. And she's associating that with her flying. Hence why she's avoiding flying too high off the ground. It's not that she's afraid of heights, just that if she's closer to the ground, she can reach the civilians better.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Link to the discord: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro

.

Next chapter.

Chapter 63: Break
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, macdjord and 124 others
Newb to the game
Jul 14, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 63 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#490
A/N Break

Alt title: Time to find out

.

.

I suck at writing action scenes. I think the fight between A-Train and Blue Hawk was the best I'll ever get.

.

Kaykaykaykayan: Are you sending prayers to me, or Kitsu? Because you should be sending prayers to her soon to be victims.

Nullblaster: For fucking real.

Guest: Only one of Gary died. There is no distinction between him and his clones.

Nice: You're welcome!

Redburndragon: Hookwolf is under Circe's control, and no one messes with Panacea. End of story there.

Gogmazios: Hint, psychological warfare.

Natelord28: No she won't.

YeTianshi: Long time no see! And yeah, I more pictured her Wolverine raging against the nazi's.

Grimnosh: The scary thing is, if you're gonna make Kitsu your enemy. Pissed Kitsu is your best bet.

At least you know you'll die before you suffer too much. Keep in mind, Coil still hasn't been able to leave his base and is about to lose the funding to keep his mercenaries if he doesn't think of something soon. Eventually, he'll likely starve in his base, with access to the outside world just in reach, but to reach for it, is just another kind of death.

Orumon: Scarecrow is a narcissistic, manipulative sociopath. But he's smart. And that's what makes him a good villain here. He wins. Even when it seems like he loses, he never truly does because he's resourceful and can take the bad with the good. That's what makes a good villain. You want him to lose, but also respect when he wins.

It all just makes his eventual fall more satisfying.

VrtCst: Dovahkiin, Dovahkiin, naal ok zin los vahriin! Wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal!

No I did know that by heart, yes I googled the actual lyrics because even though I platinumed Skyrim I can never remember it.

DancingLeaf: Someone get reference, Kitsu's shard! Is named [Conduit]! And she literally states that she calls him that, because she likes Infamous! Yes, I've played second son.

I hope we get another infamous game soon.

I'm a DM. My last DnD campaign before this one, they called themselves Team Pickle Party, because between the 6 of them, it was either that, or Team Ego Death. Long story, I hate my players sometimes.

The Birdcage is really for anyone who has powers. The Wiki even states how it sort of became the go to for capes who had anything above a manslaughter charge.

RadChaos897: It's been a few weeks but it feels like months!

Your description of KFS is, not too far off. No spoilers, but, there is a drive thru.

Hmm, Mechanic, tragic indeed.

It is a funny coincidence.

Hypothetically? Vicky's second trigger would give her the power to expand to her shield to cover others.

JimmyBlah: You're welcome!

Efail1: for the first review, yes. I screenshotted that list and will keep it in mind moving forward.

The second? Also yes, but, Kitsu has always been a capricious. She lives in the moment and rarely thinks too far ahead without prompting. It's one of her many flaws. And this event, is to highlight how bad it can get. She was okay with staying three days because she wanted the give the Travelers a little hope before up and leaving. That's all. She didn't think past that.

Is that immature, selfish, short sighted? Yes. But that's Kitsu, if a problem is not in her face, she tends not to think about it. This is what Carol meant when she said Kitsu is inconsiderate. She doesn't consider others unless prompted.

Like the summary says, MC is Childish and Immature.

(

.

.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Thursday, August 13th, Central District, 8am-

.

.

Steve "The Mechanic" Pappagallo POV

.

Sat here behind a cage in a transport van. With iron cuffs covering my hands to prevent any tinkering. I'm, oddly enough at peace with this. This is where I belong.

How many people did I kill? If not directly, then with my actions? I know at least forty. Who knows how many I offed while drunk? How many fathers did I force to bury their kids? How many children will grow up never knowing their aunt or brother? I guess, this is better. Spend a life living hell, before going there myself. A bit of free trial before the full purchase.

"He really doesn't talk, does he?" One of the PRT guards asks from the other side of the bars.

"According to Chief Kareton, aside from turning himself in, and confessing his crimes." The other begins to explain. "The most he's said is to ask for a beer."

'Fuck.' I think as I feel the chills return. 'I was trying to ignore it you jackasses!'

"Damn." One of the two says as-

*Skkkrrrrrt*

I'm tossed forward as the van suddenly stops. Smashing my already pounding head against the barred door in front of me.

My ears ring as a slurry of words are tossed between the two guards. A back and forth of unregisterable noise as I get up and try to focus through the pounding haze. Fuck everything is so bright.

I think I might be concussed.

*Shrring*

Looking up through blurred eyes, I watch as a blue and green, thing with tentacles around its neck charges into the van on four legs. Grabbing the two PRT guards in its neck tentacles, it rushes out of the van with the two in tow as another lizard creature walks in to the back. Only this one is on two legs and is wearing a sort of gladiator getup.

"Hey there." The lizard man says in a raspy, androgynous voice as they lean on the bars. "So, you're the shit head we gotta rescue. Assum'n you're Mechanic?"

"It talks." I say numbly.

Fuck, withdraw is hitting me hard.

"Yes it does." They say as they push themselves back up and grab the bars they were leaning on.

A single yank, and the bars bend, creaking under the creatures strength. A second yank, and the door comes off of its hinges.

"Come on ya lout." The lizard says as he reaches down and hoists me up. "Move!"

"You're busting me out?" I say as I'm forced to my feet by my collar.

"Trying!" It says, grabbing my cuffs and pulling my wrists apart, snapping the chain apart and freeing up my hands. "Come on!"

I don't get a chance to protest as I'm yanked forward. Pulled along as I try to collect my thoughts, but this damn headache is killing me! Fuck!

"Who, what, stop!" I try and say as I'm forced to shield my eyes from the sunlight. The soreness in my eyes further consuming my thoughts.

The loud noises not helping either. And I feel the nausea kicking in. A drink, I just need a little to stave off this, fucking withdraw! I can't focus! Everything is just too much. The smell of gas, gunpowder, all the sounds mixing together.

It was fine when I was in the truck, distracted, but now that I'm moving. I feel so sick. Like I need to throw up but there's nothing in my gut. My head pounding as every noise is somehow new and attention grabbing, yet it all somehow bleeds together and forces itself to the background. Every touch is a shock that steals my attention.

I just, it's all too much! I can't, focus on anything!

Before I know it, I have a bottle in my hands, that familiar burning in my throat as I find relief in the familiarity. Followed soon by the realization of where I am. The back of the truck I modded for Joey, with the man in front of me.

"Fuck." I curse as I start slowly piecing together what happened.

"Fuck is right." Joey says across from me. "What were you thinking man? If I hadn't heard from Mush of all people, you'd be off to jail!"

"Wha?" I say as I close my eyes and put a hand to my head and try to focus through the remaining bits of my headache. "Oh, right. Shit, what'd Mush tell you?"

"That you went out drunk driving and crashed into a precinct." Joey says in an accusatory tone.

Well, I was a bit plastered. So he's not wrong. I did crash into a precinct while drunk. But how did Mush know?

I guess it doesn't matter.

"Send me back." I say as I pinch the bridge of my nose.

There's a long stretch of silence that fills the van. Only filled by the constant hum and rattling of the van as it drives. That, or I'm still not all here and the humming and rattling is just my headache and nerves.

"Excuse me?" Joey asks lowly. "Why?"

"Just, I, I can't do this anymore Joe." I say through a self deprecating chuckle. "I, I just can't."

"What do you mean?" Joey asks in an unrecognizable tone.

"What else?" I say, feeling my voice starting to crack. "This, the driving, the tinkering, the runs. I can't. No more, just, I can't make another mistake."

"Mech- Steve, life is full of mistakes." Joey says as he puts a hand on my shoulder. "You can't live-"

"Don't." I interrupt him. "Just don't. Save your breath. There's nothing you can say Joey."

Behind bars is where I belong. Jail is the least I deserve.

"Shame." I hear Joey say. "Well, then I'll save us the time."

*Click*

Looking up, my heart sinks as I see the gun Joey carries around. Now aimed at my head as he just cocked the hammer.

"What?" Is all I find myself thinking as my vision starts to darken

"Shit!" Someone in the front says.

*Skkiiiiiiir* the van makes a harsh swerve as I'm once again tossed to the side.

My head slams into the side of the van as that somehow knocks me awake as I'm flung to the around, I see Joey hurriedly putting his mask on. He looks to me and aims his gun at me. My body seeming to have a mind of its own, my leg kicks out and catches his shin. Causing him to stumble in time with another swerve and shoot the floor of the van.

Taking the bottle in hand, I throw it at him. Catching him square in the mask as the empty bottle of bourbon smacks his face with a tink. Before falling to the metal floor of the van and shattering.

I quickly get up and charge him. Grabbing the wrist of his hand with the gun and holding it up as we slam into the back if the van doors. Struggling to hold him still as glass and bourbon slide under and around our feet.

"What the hell, Joey!?" I shout at the man I thought my friend. "I thought you, you, you just held a gun to my head! And tried to shoot me!"

"You know too much." He says in that raspy voice his mask gives him. "If you aren't with me, then you're a liability!"

"That doesn't mean!" I start before the van swerves again, knocking as both over. Falling back, with Joey on top of me as I hear the gun clatter above my head.

Turning around, I reach out for the gun. My mind surprisingly clear and focused throughout.

"Argh!" I yell in pain as Joey slams a glass shard into my hand and takes the gun.

Swinging my other fist up, I catch him in his throat. Forcing him to choke and drop the gun again. Snatching it, I flick the safety, knowing what's coming next.

Joey slams a fist to the back of my head. Forcing my face to the floor and pain to shock through my face as I feel my nose break with a sharp crack.

With both hands, I painfully push up and slam my head back into his mask. Knocking him off of me as I keep ahold of the gun. Quickly standing up, I turn in time to receive another fist to the face. Not letting him gain the upper hand, I point the gun at him. Causing him to freeze in place.

"Look, Steve-" Joey tries to say before the brakes on the van are hit, sending me flying towards him and slamming us both against the back of the van.

Once we both hit the van Joey wrestles the gun from my grip. Squirming from under me and pinning me against the doors with strength I can only assume is from one of his gases, he holds the gun to my head.

"Could've made this quick, but no." He grunts out as I feel the cold metal pressed to my head.

'This is it.' I tell myself. 'Let it happen. Betrayed by your only friend, or, who you thought was your friend. You deserve this.'

He pulls the trigger. Only for nothing to happen. Seeing as I swapped the safety.

Using the moment of confusion, my body acts on its own, and pulls the latch to the van doors behind me.

In a blur, I fall out of the moving van and watch as Joey holds onto the door behind me. Before I hit the ground and feel a hard impact on my back. And then, nothing.

.

.

-Thursday, August 13th, Sewer Hideout, 11am-

.

.

Francis "Trickster" Krouse POV

.

Walking to the fridge we have hooked up to a generator, after a long day of arguing with the team and trying to keep Noelle calm. I open it, looking forward to the leftover ramen that-

"Who ate all of the food!?" I yell out. "Seriously! What the hell!?"

It's all gone! The ramen! The pizza! The tv dinners! The Chinese takeout!

All of it! And whoever did it left the boxes! Like, who does that!?

"Francis we got a problem!" Marissa says frantically as she rushes into the room.

"I'll say." I grumble as I take the empty box of pizza out of the fridge and toss it to the side.

Turning to Mars, I pull a pack out of my pocket and grab a cig. "Someone munched on all our grub and left the empty boxes."

"Probably the same someone who is no longer in the interrogation room." Marissa says softly with wide eyes and a crack in her voice.

The cigarette I was raising to my lips slips out of my fingers, as I stand frozen. The words taking what feels like hours to register.

"Come again?" I ask.

.

.

Bursting into the room we were holding Kitsu, I'm met to the sight of a perfectly normal room. Hell, the pressure pads around the cement block are untouched. Oh, and so is the fucking block!

Rushing over, stepping around the plates, all I find is a hole where her neck was. I break into a cold sweat as I see the blindfold we had superglued to her face on the side of the block. The hole empty and in the shape she was placed in. The plate we put in to give her chest room to breathe is there as well.

She, she just left.

She literally could've just up and left whenever she wanted. Holy fuck. She literally got up, ate all of our food, and left.

And no one noticed.

"Hooo-okay." I let out a shaky breath as I run a hand through my hair and try to think of something. "Oh, oh we are so fucked."

.

.

-Thursday, August 13th, Dallon House, 11:25am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

My blood boils as I see Stormfront standing over Vicky. Her arms crackling with electricity as she extends them towards her.

Now, I'm not faster than lightning. I'm still delegated to some laws of physics. But you know what isn't? Light.

Her electricity shoots forth from her hands as I force and illusionary block in between her and Vicky. It's blocky, and looks like it's glitching in and out of reality like all my illusions do when I'm mad.

But, it gets the job done and takes the hit. I need to calm down! Calm down! If I don't, then my illusions are useless and I can't heal.

Calm!

DOWN!

Armored ghostly knights, holding Missy down. House in ruins. Mom, Dad, Vicky, Missy. MY HOME!

'I was gone, nine days! And this is what they do!? This is what I get for playing nice!? For showing them leniency!? You'd think they'd have the decency to recognize I was going easy. That I'd scared them enough to keep them from so much as accidentally destroying my favorite pizza place!' I think to myself as the strong scent of burning ozone fills my nostrils. 'Seems not.'

My heart thuds in my chest as my breathing turn short. My shoulders trembling as I march forward down the street towards the commotion of what was my home. The only real home I had.

I have, so little in life that I care about. A handful of people. That's it. I spent so long doing, nothing. Existing, no purpose, roaming around and avoiding the PRT. No goal outside of survive.

Then, like most things I did something on a whim. And it gave me so much. A loving father, a stern mother, a grumpy step-sister, an annoying Vicky, a family. A home for me where I can be and feel safe.

Charging forward, I nearly trip with how fast I try to force my legs forward. My head pounding as I rush forth down the street, everything becoming a blur as I focus. Jumping on a car, landing on all fours, I grab the head of a startled man on the other side. Reaching down with my other hand, I rip his throat out.

Years, years of nothing to live for. Just existing within a vacuum of boredom and anxiety. Bored with nothing to do with my newfound life.

Holding the man by his shaved head, I swing my arm up and toss him behind me. Discarding him like an empty soda can as I hop down onto the asphalt. Turning around, I rip the wheel off of the car behind me and throw it at Stormfront.

I miss. But it gets her attention off of Vicky as I charge at her. Knocking her over in a burst of speed. Barreling past a man with a sickening squelch as his hip folds under the force of me rushing past.

Years of anxiety over my knowledge of the future. And my inability to come up with anything, or go to anyone for help.

Reaching the wide eyed Stormfront, I crash into her. Tumbling us both off of Vicky.

My life, wasn't a life. I had nothing.

Wailing into the prone nazi, I can't help but feel my rage grow as nothing happens! Her brute rating keeping her from being harmed by my fists.

Nine days, I was gone, nine, days. And this Hitler groupie wannabe thinks that's the okay to attack the only things I care about!?

I need to hurt her. Need her to feel pain. To regret, to fear, I need her to suffer!

Take from her, like she took from me! My home! My family! My life! I will take all that and more!

I get knocked off of her by a weightless force. And I mentally kick myself for not using my immovable power to keep me rooted to the bitch.

Looking up, I see the armored crusader with Missy in his arms. Sword to her throat as two of his ghosts guard him.

"Stand down or-" He doesn't get to say anything else as he's cut off.

As in, he's too distracted by the mangled mess that is the arm the was holding the sword. I tried to form a pane and simply sever his arm off. But, well, I need focus to form my illusions. And anger does weird things to that focus. So, he got an abstracted blocky glitch mangling his arm from the inside out instead.

My illusions, lack a Manton Limit. I just play nice and don't exploit this. But, well, I'm not feeling very nice right now. Not when all that has gotten me, is a ruined house, two unconscious and possibly dead parents! And a hostage girlfriend!

Charging forward towards the screaming man holding Missy hostage, his ghosts fail to move fast enough to stop me. As I reach him I hop up and plant my feet on his chest, knocking him over as I grab his head and snap his neck with a yank.

Looking around, I see more goons around. More who destroyed my home and tried to kill my family! More idiots who thought they could get away with what they did.

Rushing to the nearest guy, I grab the arm holding a gun. Taking a few harmless bullets to the leg as I yank his arm, popping it out of socket and forcing him to drop his gun. Ignoring his pained screams, I swing him into the next closest minion.

I yell bloody murder as I use the unfortunate fool to beat his friend to death. Venting my frustrations at the nameless morons. At some point, I was shocked again and the man I was using as a mace fried. So I drop him and shove my hand through the bloodied nazi's chest, and crush his heart.

Feeling a small sting on my side, I look over to see another skinhead shakily hold his gun at me. With little thought I blur over to him, his eyes widening as I grab his gun and break his hand ripping it away from him. Before putting it to his gut and emptying his mag.

Blood rapidly stains his shirt as my ears ring. And in short order he wordlessly falls back dead. Looking around, I see Stormfront is making gestures and giving out orders. With my ears ringing, I can't make them out. But I don't need to.

I note that Vicky had gotten up and is moving the rubble off of dad. So that's one thing I don't have to worry about.

Looking to my side, I grab the bumper of the nearest car and rip it off. I normally use my illusions, but I'm kinda finding it hard to concentrate right now!

Running forward towards a group of three empire goons fleeing, I swing the bumper. Feeling the trio crumple under my improvised bat. The first being bent sideways at the spine, the second being knocked over, and the third being nicked by the jagged edge on the end of the torn bumper, his guts spilling out as he screams in agony.

I shake the first off and slam the bumper into the second. Mangling him and the bent bumper, insuring his death as I move to the next.

How many are left? Five, ten, fifteen? Doesn't matter, they're all scattering like the rats they are. Leaving only two problems left.

Grabbing Missy, who is struggling to get up with the cuffs. I run over and place her behind a car before running out and rushing Stormfront. Letting her zap me as I absorb the hit. No longer willing to pretend it hurts me.

I concocted a fake weakness, so that people wouldn't try to look for a real one. A safety measure on my part. And one that is paying off as I see her eyes widen in horror as I leap at her.

She flies out of the way, and tries desperately to zap me again. Extending her arms as bright blue arcs course through to me. Seeing as the electricity isn't passing my field, I literally, feel, nothing. Other than my internal battery getting a recharge.

Landing on the ground, I look around to see several Empire goons running and ducking behind debris. Feeling the electricity fuel me, again, I look up to see Stormfront in a mix of fear and anger.

"What the hell!" She shouts from her perch in the sky, fists clenched and teeth grit. "You're suppose to be weak to lightning!"

"I am?" I say with a tilt of my head before I jump up with more force than before. Rocketing up towards her at a blinding speed, grabbing her, and throwing her down as hard as I can.

Enhancing the temperature of my hands as I point them behind me, I'm blasted forth by the combustion. It's clumsy, but I don't need it to be accurate as I rocket back down to the ground. "Since when was I weak?" I say as I land on her.

I don't let her answer before I start hammering my fists into her. Harder, left, right, harder, left, right, left, right! I'm punching hard enough that I'm cratering the earth beneath us. But it's not-

*Crack*

I feel a grin grow on my face as I feel her nose crack. Finally, some progress!

My heart pounds in my chest as my fist meets her face over and over. Before a searing pain courses through me, causing me to seize up. She shocked me while I was holding onto her.

In the momentary pause, she tosses me off and flies up. Quickly regaining my bearings enough to right myself, I rush her again. Sprinting across the street.

She throws more electricity at me, but I absorb it without pain this time. Seeing as I'm not touching her.

"Why won't you go down!?" Stormfront screeches as she flies back frantically, charging up her lightning again.

She backs up over the neighbor's house as I leap up onto the roof and leap after her. I won't let her get away, I won't let her flee! After what she did!? After what she tried to TAKE!?

She bled before, I'll make her break.

Following her out of the suburbs, I start roof hopping. Not letting her out of my sight the entire time. And when she rises up to the roof level, I leap after her.

Catching her by surprise as we crash through a building. Sliding through a hall on the inside of some business. I take her leg in one arm and, stepping on the other thigh, lift and push as far as I can.

*Crack* her leg gives a revolting and spine tingling wet snap as I force her knee to her armpit.

"Argh!" She gives out an agonized scream of pain and a pulse of electricity, knocking me off her as she scrambles to fly away.

I let her, as a fire starts in the hall from the electrical surge, I use my new power I gained from Maureen's Corona Gemma. My new power? I can now adjust my absorption field around me. So, I extend my absorption field to encompass the hall. Siphoning the fire into me, putting it out, and fueling me.

Resuming my chase, It doesn't take long to follow her out of the building. Lots of collateral, and her pained cries ring clearly in my ears. I don't take any joy in this. Only a sense of satisfaction, and relief at her sounds of pain.

Leaping out of the building, I give chase again. Following after as her dislocated leg hangs limply while she desperately tries to flee.

If she thinks I'm done. Then she's a bigger fool than I thought.

I decide this game of cat and mouse is over. We're already halfway through the central district. And I have no intentions of allowing her to get home. She destroyed mine, only makes sense I keep her from ever seeing hers again.

Leaping off of the building, I dive down and land with my feet straight at her back. Forcing us to crash down to the street.

My home, my family! In, ruins. The image keeps playing on repeat in my mind as I see her. I know I'm not calm and probably not thinking straight. But I don't want to be. I want her to pay!

I get knocked off of her as we crash into the asphalt. I get back up before she does. Checking my energy, I see I'm at more than half of what I was an hour ago. Good, that's more than enough.

I grab her by the back of her head as she gets up on her hands. With more force, I smash her face down. Lifting it up, I smash her face down, again and again. Cratering the asphalt beneath us and hurting my ears as car alarms are set off.

I don't even give her time to scream as I bundle her hair in fist and swing her up. Smashing her into the ground behind me Hulk Vs. Loki style. I do this three more times before her hair rips in my fist and she gets tossed, ragdolling down the street and slamming into the side of a car.

I slowly walk towards her as I drop her hair. Half it being torn, the other half being ripped from the bloody root.

Slumping to the ground, she shakily gets to her hands, propping herself up on the caved in side of the car. Bringing a hand to her head, she freezes as she brings her blood stained hand in front of her face.

Wide eyed and horrified. She starts screaming at the blood on her hand before falling back over. Seems like someone's never been hurt before. That honestly does make me enjoy this. Nothing like giving someone a new experience.

You always remember your first after all.

"You know, I'm really not seeing the whole, Master Race thing." I say, getting her attention. "Because you suck at running away."

Her breathing gets heavy as she charges up, electricity visibly running down her arms as she extends her arms towards me. Lightning rushing out and getting absorbed as I walk closer. Again and again, she keeps trying to electrocute me as I march towards her.

"What's your name?" I ask as I get to about thirty feet from her.

She opts to zap me again. And when it fails, she fearfully falls over and tries to crawl before slowly flying back up.

Saying nothing, I rush forth, grab her limp leg, and slam her back down.

"Ahh!" She screams in pain, her breath now short and ragged.

"So, want to tell me where you went wrong?" I ask.

When I don't get a response in a few seconds. I hold her leg up, and kick her knee.

*Crack* I snap her knee backwards.

"Ahh! Ahahahaha!" She gives a warbled, pathetic sob.

"I'm waiting." I say as I prepare to twist her leg. "What were you doing, to my home!?"

Not waiting for an answer, I twist her leg, snapping her ankle and earning another agonized wail from her.

Her electricity charges again, and I leap back to avoid the blast bypassing the first layer and hurting me. I still absorb it, but she gained a few seconds of me not being on her.

Leaping back on her, I turn her over and land an illusioned, distorted, clawed fist to her face. Sending her fumbling back into and through a stop light. The light falls with her back to the street.

I resume my slow walk as she crawls back up. Collapsing to her side as she looks up at me. Fear etches its way across her face as she tries to crawl away.

"Stay back!" She screeches as she grabs a chunk of the asphalt and hurls it at me.

I let it hit, allowing it to smash against me as I move towards her undeterred. She mistook my leniency, for weakness. And I can't let that slide. Not with her power and influence.

"Why!?" She shouts as she extends her arms and sends another line of electricity. "How are you doing this!? You've always ran! You should be writhing in pain from my power! How are you doing this!?"

"Simple, you made, several mistakes." I start as I stand here in the middle of the road. Facing Stormfront as she has her back to the wall.

"Mistakes?" She gives out a patronizing bark of laughter. "I don't want to hear that, from the poster girl of rejects who managed to escape from god's draft box!"

Hearing her say that, gives me an evil idea. One that I'm certain will break her.

"And who told you about my draft box?" I ask innocently. Changing my entire demeanor and stance to be relaxed.

She goes from a panicked rage, to sheer confusion at my words. Squinted, bruised eyes boring into me.

"The fuck?" She says as her breathing slows to a healthier pace.

"You know, I think what you need, is a little more love in your life." I say as I lock eyes with her, and activate my love me power. "All that hate, can't be good for you."

It takes a few seconds, but in just a moment, her eyes widen in horror. Tearing up, her chest rises and falls faster and faster as she hyperventilates.

"Why, what, I don't, what did you do!" She screams as she holds a hand to her chest.

"What's the matter?" I ask innocently as I walk forward.

She loves me. Simple as that. But, before that, she hated me, and feared me. She destroyed my home and assaulted my family. And now, I'm attacking her, and about to kill her. How's that supposed to make her feel, now that she loves me?

Guilt. Remorse. Betrayal. Confusion. Self loathing maybe?

All of it works for me as I step before her. She collapses to her side, whimpering and crying. Tears running down her face as she struggles to figure out her own head.

What is one to do, when something they felt justified in, turns into a heart wrenching regret?

"Are you okay?" I ask sweetly.

"Get back!" She says with red, tear stained eyes. Holding out her arms as she charges her electricity.

"You really hurt me, you know?" I say calmly, watching as my words have a visceral effect on her. "You attacked my family."

"I was just trying to get them on my side!" She whimpers as her arms shake. "I, I never wanted to kill them. Just, scare them into listening."

"But you tried to take my girlfriend." I point out.

"She's powerful, and she needs a firm hand in life." She sobs as her arms fall away from me. "She, she just needed the right role models! Am I really a monster for wanting her help to fix this country!?"

Damn, the homophobia runs strong. I'm almost impressed at the Olympic level mental gymnastics there.

"What did you do to me!?" She cries as she holds her chest and screams. "It hurts! Why does it hurt so much!?"

I don't answer her as I step forth. Putting my hands on her shoulders as she looks up to me with pathetic eyes.

"I honestly don't even care for your reasoning." I say through gritted teeth as I wrap my hands around her throat. "I just want the last thing you think about, is how this is all your, fault."

I take my absorption field, and adjust it to syphon energy even more. Whereas before, it would trigger at temperatures below a certain amount, or force below a certain strength. Now, it's sucking out the heat from her body. Down to a cool thirty degrees Fahrenheit. Just below freezing.

Her eyes bug out as the heat in her blood leaves her. Cycling cold blood through her body as her skin freezes over. It's not a very slow death, but it's not a pleasant one. I'm not choking her, just forcing her body to die.

"Stop!" She chokes as her body trembles under the pain, and the likely beginnings of an arrhythmia. "Please! Please it! Oh god please!"

"No." Is all I say as I stare her down.

Her eyes flutter wildly as her breathing becomes choked and ragged. Shoulders jerking and spasming as she loses control of her arms. The cold blood circulating through her body as her neck turns a pale blue. I ease up on the intensity of the heat absorption.

Don't want her blood to freeze in her neck, then she'd pass out. That'd be too easy.

"People!" She chokes out slowly. "Witnesses! Everyone, will-"

"Good." I cut her off. "Let them see."

Those who hurt my family. Hurt my home. The one thing I care about. Will suffer.

She writhes under me. Her tears drying up as the cold fills her body, sapping her strength. Sending sharp, burning pain throughout her as the cold blood kills her. Hypothermia from within.

"Please." She croaks out. "I'm, sorry, I won't, do it again."

"No." I say as I ramp up the intensity, her neck freezing over in a few moments. "You won't."

With a single, anger filled squeeze. I shatter her neck. Separating her head from her shoulders. Watching as the offending corpse falls to the side. Bruised, pale, headless, mangled.

"Hmm, shame you didn't give me your name." I say as I step over her body and pick up her head. "Now the coroner won't have anything for your tombstone."

I hold her head in both hands. And rapidly enhance the temperature of my palms. Causing a sudden burst of heated space, and a concussive blast between my palms. Blowing up her head in the process.

"Then again, I suppose a nameless grave is more deserving." I say as I step away.

Only to be met with several PRT vans surrounding me. And to see the destroyed road. Rubble and abandoned cars littering the intersection.

I don't have the patience for this right now. I have people who need me, and it sure as hell isn't anyone here.

With that in mind, I run.

.

.

-10 minutes later, Dallon house-

.

.

I make it back home to find a fire truck and police roaming about and setting up a perimeter. Vicky talking to one of the officers as Mom and Dad are on gurneys.

Rushing over to the gurneys, I push the EMT's aside and place my hand on Dad's face. Looking in, I find the problem. A broken back, luckily his spinal cord is undamaged. Didn't want to risk anything with reconnecting the wrong wires and what not. And he has a concussion. So, dealing with that and the damaged parts of his brain, I restructure the bones in his body.

I'm not adding anything. Just, moving them around. Using the structure of Kratos's exoskeleton as a template to make his bones sturdier. Being careful to not fuck up their ability to produce new blood.

Is it right to rearrange his body without his permission? Fuck if I care. I'm not letting this happen again. It's with that in mind, that I move on to Mom, and so the same. Not as damaged as Dad. A bit of minor internal bleeding and a few cracked ribs and vertebrae.

And that growing cataract I told her to ask Amy about!

Pushing down my irritation, I fix the cataract. And make her bones stronger. And heal her concussion as well.

Letting go of her hand, I look around for Missy. Realizing I've been instinctually enhancing my perception. I cut it off.

Everything comes to me in a crash of sensory information. With the EMT I moved falling over and several police freaking out and making panicked calls. Looking around, I spot Missy staring at me from the back of a cruiser with a blanket over her.

She flinches back as I rush over to her.

"Baby!" I say as I go to hug her, only for her to scoot back quickly. "What, what's wrong?"

She doesn't say anything, just stares at me blankly with her purple sunglasses on. Still dressed in the adult neptunia jacket I gave her.

"Missy." I say quietly, confused as to why she's scooting away.

"So, so much blood." She says quietly.

Looking down, I see that I'm caked in blood. Like, stained shirt and everything.

"Oh, right." I say sheepishly.

I wouldn't wanna hug me either. Not when I'm wearing a custom made jacket my girlfriend made me. Which is, now, my-

"Oh come on!" I shout in exasperation as I turn to my house. "My clothes! Wait, Kratos! My boy! My buggy baby boy!"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

Mindless fluff

.

.

-2012, Dallon House, Wednesday, 5pm-

.

.

Kitsu Dallon POV

.

"And with that!" I say to my stream. "I'll see you guys whenever!"

Signing out, double checking my camera and recording equipment to make sure I did. And turning off my computer for extra measure. I stretch back and flex my feet.

"Am I good?" I hear from behind my bed.

"Yeah, you're good." I say as I get up and go over to my door.

Opening it to the hallway light, I turn around to see Missy laying back on my bed. Texting away on her phone. Again, allowed in here so long as A, clothes stay on, and B, door stays open.

My streams are the only exception because Mom can check those at any time. And Missy usually just stays out of view anyway.

She spends most days she doesn't patrol here. Her parents got shared custody over her in their divorce but, well.

"Who's place are sleeping at tonight?" I ask as I walk over and lay across her lap.

"Here?" She says questioningly. "Why?"

"Legally?" I clarify as lazily kick my feet.

"Um, my mother's, I think?" She guesses. "Why? Do you not want me here?"

"You're fine." I say as I raise my tail up and rest it at her tummy. "Just wondering."

She takes the invitation and starts running her hands through my fur. She likes that. My tail that is.

"Hmm, you know it's been a while since we went on a date." I say as I rest my head in my arms. "If I didn't know any better, I'd think you were getting bored of me."

"Please." She scoffs. "I couldn't get bored of you if I tried."

"That made no sense!" I giggle as I move to sit up.

Only for Missy to snake an arm across the front of my shoulders and flip me up. Positioning me in her lap with her right arm across the top of my chest and her left arm across my stomach. My tail being uncomfortably pushed to the side.

"Neither does my love for you." She whispers into my ears. "And yet here we are."

'Oh fuck you, you corny romcom line stealing hack!' I yell in my head as my face burns.

"Gaaaaaghmmmmmm!" Is what I actually say as I bury my face in her arm.

"You're so cute when you're embarrassed!" She giggles before whispering lowly. "Then again, you're always cute."

"Rmmmm!" I squeal into her arm as I kick my feet.

"So sweet I could eat you!" She says before nibbling on my ear. And then following it up by tickling my tummy. "Om nom nom. Nom on the little fox!"

"Miss-mis-Missyyyyy! Ahhhhh!" I squeal at her triple sided assault. "Stop! I don't consent! Nein! No! Nyet! Aaaaah!"

She stops her assault shortly after. With me panting in her arms as she rests her chin on my shoulder. Squeezing me tight as she snuggles into me.

"Hmm, I'm bored." She mumbles. "Wanna see what's on Netflix?"

"You nearly tickle the pee out of me." I pant. "And all you can say is, Netflix?"

"Hmm, you're right." She says before kissing my cheek. "Thank you for the adorable giggles, my little snuggle bug."

'Oh you cheesy, pick up line, Casanova piece of space warping bull!' I scream in my head as I cover my face in my hands.

"Rrrrrrrmmmmm!" Is again, all I can squeal out.

.

.

-2014, Manners Apartment Complex, Sunday-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

Laying down on my couch, I channel surf as I enjoy a rare, double day off. No school, no patrol. Used to dread these days, but ever since I was emancipated I've come to enjoy them.

"Alright, sit up." Kitsu says as she comes back with two tv trays and bowls of ramen.

"Hmm, nah." I say as I settle on House M.D. while she sets the tables.

"If you don't move, I'll sit on you." She says as she moves to stand in front of me.

She, really hasn't grown much. Height wise that is, only being four foot eight at seventeen years old. But let me tell you, she makes up for it in every other department! Thick thighs, juicy ass, d-cups.

"Hey!" She says, getting my attention. "Eyes up here little Missy!"

"Hmm, nah." I repeat. Earning an adorable pout from the shorty. "View's good here, and I don't have move my head."

In response, the squats down to be eye level with me. And I lean forward to kiss her, getting an adorable squeak of surprise.

"Hmm, gotcha." I smirk at the blushing strawberry blonde as I reach my hand out to scratch her ears. "You're adorable, you know that? So cute, and all mine."

"Stop!" She groans as leans forward and buries her head in the couch cushion right in front of me. "Mhmrmhnrmr!"

"Never!" I say and hold her head to my chest. "You will drown in my affections! Accept my compliments you fluffy ball of joy and sexiness!"

Her tail nearly knocks over the tv tray with how hard it's wagging. Her butt following its sway.

"Mrrrmmm!" She grumbles, kicking her feet as she snakes her hands between me and her to cover her face.

Snaking my hand to her side. I give a grunt of effort and swing her over to lay on top of me. Enjoying her ticklish squeaks of surprise. Now enjoying our new position, she peeks her blushing head up to lock eyes with me.

"Hmm, this is better." I say as I wiggle and squeeze her, much to her embarrassment.

She relents quickly enough, and rests her head down. Nuzzling her head to my chest as we snuggle.

"The food will get cold." She mumbles.

"Meh, I got a heater." I say, referring to the fox in my arms.

"I gotta go in an hour." She mumbles. "Mom is expecting me home."

"Microwave." I say.

"I wanna feed you." She squeaks in embarrasment.

'So that's it.' I think with a roll of my eyes.

Sitting up and turning with her in my lap. I watch as her shy blush, turns into a happy smile. Her tail wagging and wiggling her butt in my lap. And of course, I lower my hands to squeeze said booty.

"Eep!" She squeaks. "Missy!"

"What?" I say innocently. "I'm just making sure you don't fall out of my lap." I say and give a squeeze.

I stop as she glares at me. Letting me know, she does not consent.

"Okay, okay." I say as I move my hands from her rear to her waist.

She gives me a small smile before turning to grab one of the bowls. Turning back, she takes the fork and twists it. Gathering a good bundle of ramen before holding it to me and feeding me.

She's a good cook. And moreover, she puts effort into it. Yes it's microwaved ramen. But there's extra seasoning and stuffs mixed in that she took extra time to make. And that's what matters to me.

"Is it good?" She asks sweetly as I swallow.

"Hmm, you tell me." I say and lean forward to kiss her. My tongue running across her lips, prodding for entry that she gives easily. Running my tongue over hers, exploring her mouth and hers exploring mine.

After a good minute, we separate for air. And I'm rewarded to the sight of a flushed, half lidded and panting Kitsu.

"Hmm." She mumbles as she smacks her lips. "Could use a little more coriander."

"Pwah ha what?" I can't help but laugh at her nonsense.

This is my life now. Forty percent work, forty percent school, and ten percent everything else.

But every now and then, I get a nice relaxing moment. One that tells me it's all worth it. I wish I more moments like this, though I suppose once I finish school I'll get that more often.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus 2

Chaotic good ending

.

.

-5032, December 5th, East Vulpes-

.

.

Haysu Gold POV

.

Walking into our apartment, I set my bags down and stretch back and my tail. Getting used to the lack of weight on my back.

"Mom." I say calmly. "I'm home."

"I figured, I heard the door." She answers from the living room.

Of course, we're Vulpines. But it's still polite to announce yourself.

Walking through the hallway, passing the mural of gods and to the living room. I'm not super religious, but the rest of my family is. Normally you'd only find stuff for your god. As in the god that represents your people!

In this case, Kitsu the Mischievous. Though, that's just what we call her. We learn early on in religious studies that each of the ethnicities have different monikers for the different gods. Sometimes even having different names.

Vicky the Stubborn is know as Victoria the Stalwart to the Ovines. And Missy the Loving is known as Vista the Relentless to some others. So yeah, many names.

Walking into the living room, I'm greeted to the sight of my mom watching the latest buzzball game. It's a game for Vulpines, Felines, Rodentia and Canines where the players are all blindfolded and the ball is a small hovering ball only perceivable by the slight hum it makes. You can only hit the ball, not carry it. The goal is to hit the ball to the opponents goal. The trick is that goal makes a loud buzzing, and the goalie isn't blindfolded. So the closer you get, the harder it is to even perceive the darn thing. And the goalie can straight up throw it!

I'm not salty about the time I was playing and walked straight into the net because I didn't hear Garark take the ball! You are!

"Who's winning?" I ask as I sit down.

"The Celefox Gold Ears." Mom says. "They're facing off against the Diadam City Wind Riders."

"So, no one we care about?" I ask.

"Nope." Mom says.

Looking at her, I can't help but compare us for the millionth time.

Mom has completely white ears. A rare and beautiful recessive gene I wish I had. No, instead I got stupid black tips like my dad! Same with my tail! And I don't even have a puffy one like him or mom! I got a slim one like grandma! It's bullshit! Grandma says in her day slim tails were attractive and people would wet their tails to make them look slimmer. But still!

Though, thinking about that, It's probably why she married grandpa Salan, a Feline. If slim tails were attractive in her day.

"Want some sushi?" I ask mom. "I can make some."

"Oh would you dear?" She asks. "That'd be lovely!"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

Day one of withdraw, is HELL. End of story. Those first three days are murder.

After that, it's just a constant craving. And the truth is? It never leaves. Once you get addicted to something, it never leaves you. It's always there. It's just a matter of waiting it out, and waiting for the craving to get quiet enough to ignore. But it's always there.

.

The reason Mechanic went from bumbling useless, to struggling and clear headed, is again, his shard doing what it thinks is best to keep him alive. Hence the "My body moves instinctually"

.

I know people wanted a Doom style slaughter, but, I just couldn't write it on without it being forced.

But,

Yeah, that's it to it.

I just can't fit anymore in without it feeling excessive and forced. Not with her having a focus for her rage in the form of Stormfront nearby and her family still in the area to become possible collateral.

That and I can't see a lot of those guys sticking around after Kitsu starts folding them like lawn chairs. At which point she would focus on Stormfront exclusively.

.

The differences in the Oddities mastering Hookwolf vs. Scarecrow

.

Hookwolf, while far more well known and infamous, is still hedonistic and simple minded. He joined the E88 for security and power. He wasn't even racist when he joined, just got influenced into their way of thinking.

Simply put, on a scale of 1 to 10, Hookwolf's infamy in Brockton Bay is a 7 before the Brockton Games, right now? 9

And Circe managed to bring him under her thrall in a single night with her power.

Mastering the most violent cape in the bay so early into their cape career gave the Oddities a major confidence boost.

.

Scarecrow, is less known, much smarter, and is even seen as a sort of saving grace for the slums. He keeps the homeless shelters operating and the soup kitchens funded. Not out of kindness, but out of sheer practicality.

He knows that the people turning on him can be more of a threat to his leadership than the rival gangs. So he keeps the people in his territory complacent and fearful of him leaving. Even the people working closest to him are unaware of his true callousness. Viewing him as someone who just has a short temper.

His overall infamy in the bay would be a 4 out of 10 before everything, now it's even lower. His refusal to play the Games is making people think he's weak or scared. Mechanic is more infamous than him at this point in time.

.

Before anyone mentions the Ferry, the only people to actually see him there, were the captain (who's dead) and Neil. And Neil spun the tale that Scarecrow fled when it looked like things weren't going his way.

.

With their overconfidence from before, the Oddities believed Scarecrow would be easier to master than the hyper violent Hookwolf.

Scarecrow's ruthless response caught them so off guard, it's laughable. They got lucky with Hookwolf and let it get to their heads. And they paid the price.

.

.

Kitsu pixelating has been mentioned before when Gallants beams made her angry. Her broken hardlight illusion ability is controlled by concentration. And anger does some weird things to that, overcharging the force of the hardlight while making it unstable. And with the form of the illusions taking on whatever her mind conjures up, it gets a little wacky.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas moving forward. I especially love it when you guys speculate or make guesses as I do use them. And even when I don't, they still give me ideas.

Find in newb's-grotto at the discord!

Link to the discord: discord. gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, macdjord and 132 others
Newb to the game
Jul 16, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 64 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#496
A/N Aftermath, and continuation.

Alt Title
So! Currently Kitsu is at ch. 68 and we're in the home stretch of crossposting! So! Every 4 comments, will see another chapter posted until QQ is fully caught up!
Multiple comments by the same user don't count.
.

.

I got, really mixed reviews on the last chapter. (And a dumbass one who called this story PWP, Porn Without Plot)

So, I'm slowly returning us, to our roots, while still keeping all the previous events in mind so as to continue the story.

.

Also I accidently used the wrong dates. Oops.

.

.

Efail1: You mentioned that the way Kitsu was treating her imprisonment showed her to be a bit sociopathic

That's because she is. She lacks sympathy for anyone not going through what she has. And even then, she struggles to do so without projecting.

If you aren't someone she's attached to, she doesn't care. End of story. And even then, she struggles to think about others unless they're right in front of her.

DancingLeaf: I've always found the trope of the hero letting the villain live to be dumb as hell. I mean, for some I get it. Mr. Freeze is a desperate man who just wants to save his wife. Goblin is just a man struggling to fight his inner demon. Venom is murderously misguided.

But people like Joker, Carnage, ect? Death. Kill em all.

Vault166: It was mentioned before that [Conduit] can scan the Corona Gemma's of other parahumans with powers similar in mechanics to Kitsu's, to upgrade hers. She's just, never done so before Maureen. That's what Kitsu was talking about with her new ability when she was held captive.

Ben Turner1: Next chapter is gonna be a PHO response.

Grimnosh: Oops, I rewrote that fight scene about five times. Guess a little error slipped past.

Oh, the power struggle isn't finished. Far from it. Kitsu just knocked out another key figure. Granted, that key figure was a radical instigator. But their territory is now wholly unguarded and ripe for the taking.

RadChaos897: I thought of that on the spot. Hell, originally I was gonna have this be Kitsu's second trigger, her Stranger and Master power would be recycled into allowing something new to take its place. But, I thought better of it. Gonna save it for something worse.

And thank you for the compliments. I can't tell you how much they mean to me.

Kitsu would have done something more, if she ran into any of them on her way out. But as it stood, she walked out the front door when most were either asleep or out.

Loopy-Bubble-Sniffer: Agreed, but that'd be anticlimactic, and Kitsu was trying to send a message. That and she struggles to make cohesive illusions when pissed. Hence Crusader's arm blowing up instead of being severed.

Harripotterette: I get what you mean. Which is why I'm moving this back to its cutesy fluffy roots.

YeTianshi: Oh you'll see!

Draco0905: you, need to get grammar check. Also, you called a story with two whole sex scenes, porn without plot.

What?

Also, events in the Non-Canon good ending, have verifiably not happened. The good ending is a cutesy what if, not the real ending of the story. That has been stated, multiple times.

If I didn't know better, I'd assume you were trolling.

.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Friday, August 13th, Medhall General Hospital, 1pm-

.

.

Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV

.

"How am I?" Carol asks from the hospital bed as I finish looking through her body.

She's been modified. Her body is different. Nothing too out there. But I've helped Kitsu with that damn bug enough to recognize its exoskeletal connective patterning.

A patterning that is now present and copied in Carol's bones. And I'm willing to bet money that once I check Mark I'll find the same thing.

"Healthy as can be." I say after a bit. "No sign anything happened. Hell, if I didn't have my phone blowing up I'd assume you just walked in here for no other reason than to chat. Speaking of, is the house really?"

"Yeah, it's, it's gone. Luckily we have insurance and I know for a fact we're covered, but." She says tiredly before sighing. "It's nothing you need to worry about."

"It's my house too." I point out.

Carol looks to me with a slight glare, and I prepare for another shut down. But, it never comes. Instead, she just, lowers her head and sighs.

"There was a lot of family stuff locked away in the garage. And I'm not sure all of it survived, if any of it." She starts. "On top of that, we'll need to find a place to stay. And there's all the paperwork I'll need to fill out, and we'll have to find a new house. It's just, not looking forward to the near future."

I sit here, stunned. Not sure what to say to that. I mean, I've, she's never talked to me. Not like that. She, she confided in me. I, I am so confused here.

"That, sucks?" I say unsurely.

"It does." She says before swinging her legs to the side and sitting up away from me. "You don't know where Kitsu is, do you?"

Oh yeah, she's back.

"According to Vicky, She was digging through the house. Looking for some undamaged clothes and Kratos." I answer her, remembering the frantic phone call.

"Missy was carrying Kratos when everything happened. Last I remember at least." Carol says as she stands up and turns to me. "Alright, does the hospital have any spare clothes I can use?"

"A few. Just call for a nurse on the remote." I answer as I turn around on my swivel stool to face Mark. "Alright, same deal."

"Give it to me straight doc, how long?" He asks in a coughing, raspy voice.

I ignore his dramatics and take his hand. Scanning through, I don't even need to look far to find the modifications. Same as Carol, his bones are modified.

*Ring*

And that's my phone.

Taking my hand off of Mark's, I go to my phone. Seeing it's Vicky I of course answer it.

"Hey, um, what about me?" Mark asks.

"You're fine, Vicky's calling me." I say.

"Okay, um, okay?" He says awkwardly.

Mark isn't used to me healing him. Hell, one of the reasons people thought he retired is because of how little he patrolled. And as a result, he never needed me to heal him or check on him.

"Hello?" I answer the phone.

"Hey, so, Mom and Dad up yet?" Vicky asks awkwardly, with some, crying, in the background?

"Yeah, they're right here." I answer her. "Is, everything okay? And, is that crying?"

"Yeeeaaaahhh." Vicky drawls out. "Um, that's what I'm calling about."

"They murdered him!" I hear Kitsu yell out in the background, quickly followed by more crying.

"What, murdered who?" I ask, now more than a little fearful.

"Murdered?" Mo-Carol says sternly from behind me. "What's going on?"

"Kratos, kinda took a bolt in the fighting." Vicky says. "You know, Kitsu's pet beetle? He's dead."

"My baby boy!" Kitsu cries out before screaming. "I should have kept that Hitler fetishist alive! Given her to Lung to put in the Snuff pits!"

"Hey! Stop!" Vicky starts yelling.

The sounds of wood and rocks smashing is all I hear before, splashing? Is, I think that's a hose.

"Um, what?" I ask.

I don't get an answer as Carol takes the phone from. Seems she got impatient.

"Victoria what's- okay, okay, yeah, just, can, can you put her on?" Carol asks.

'It'd be nice to know what's going on.' I think bitterly.

"Kitsu, Ki- okay, slow down. No, no you are not. You are absolutely not!" Carol says, getting more and more riled up. "We can get you another bug! Beetle!"

…

"KITSU!" I flinch back as Carol yells into the phone. "Stop, are you still on fire? Put yourself out… okay. Wait for us and listen to Vicky, she's in charge for now."

It takes a few more seconds, but Carol hands the phone back to me. Before laying back down on the bed and throwing the hospital blanket back over herself.

"Wake me up when we're checked out." Carol mumbles.

"Hello?" I say into the phone.

"Yeah, sorry about that." Vicky says tiredly. "Kitsu, set herself on fire and it was spreading to, what's left of the house."

That's only happened once before, as far as I know at least.

"Speaking of, can you see if any of my stuff survived?" I ask. "My cd's mostly."

"Seriously?" Vicks asks. "Yeah, I'll see if I can't find anything."

"Thanks."

.

.

-Dallon House, 2pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

It's gone. All of it. Bakugo, Kratos, Mr. Star. My plants and mosses.

Some of my clothes survived. Not all though. My room is surprisingly the most intact. If you, can call a pile of rubble intact. But, the plants everywhere gave the room extra protection. Stormfront's lightning had overloaded the breakers in the house and set it ablaze on top of the massive fight. Have you ever tried to set a living plant on fire? Yeah, not easy.

Didn't save Bakugo, he died from his tote getting squished by rubble. And Kratos died from a stray bolt of lightning. His insides charred and unrecognizable. All that's left, is his shell.

Half of my clothes are burnt, and a good chunk are torn. That's a good fifty K right there. All that really survived were my Irida outfits that I use for patrol. The rest is a mix of skirts, shoes and tank tops.

Missy was taken to The Rig after the paramedics confirmed there was nothing wrong with her. Aside from a few bruises.

For some reason all cell signals were jammed until shortly after I arrived. That's how this got so out of hand. Cuntfront showed up, demanded everyone join her. Tried to take Missy, and, well.

Mom was the only one with the firepower to take out Stormfront, and she got taken out early. Then while Crusader kept Dad busy, Vicky and Stormfront wrecked the place. Vicky had the strength to hurt Stormfront, but not in any way that mattered.

I pointed out she could've jabbed something in her eye, to which Vicky blanked.

Anyway, Vicky vs. Stormfront saw Stormfront win. And then I showed up.

Moving the last board off of what's left of my bed, I sit down on the ruined mattress. All but one leg being broken and my blanket being half burned. Scorch marks and springs popping out through holes in the mattress.

I take what's left of my burned blanket, and lay down. This is, sadly familiar. A ruined bed, half of a blanket, and dirty clothes. Yep, feels like I'm back to square one.

At least now, I have something to wait for.

.

.

-Dallon House, 3pm-

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

Stepping out of the cruiser I look around the rubble. I see Vicky laying on the lawn with a bunch of stuff salvaged from the wreck. Coffee machine, fridge, bunch of clothes, few lamps, few chairs, and a bunch of other miscellaneous stuff.

Looking over, I see the garage is almost untouched by the fire, the only damage being that there's a hole in the roof. And the side. So the mementos should be safe.

"Hey Vicks." I wave as I walk up to the teen. "So, how's, hmm."

She looks up to me with an unreadable expression. Something between sad and bored.

"Betcha never thought ya'd need to give the, so your house is burned down, talk. Huh?" She tries awkwardly.

I give an awkward chuckle in return. Not really knowing how to go about navigating this.

"No, no not really." I concede. "The uh, the PRT got ahold of your mother. They're willing to put us up until we find a new house."

"That's good." She says quietly.

"So, where's the munchkin?" I ask after a bit more awkward silence.

"She's asleep in what's left of her bed." Vicky says. "Somehow."

"Well, I'll go get her." I say as I look to the rubble of the house. A few walls here and there still standing. "After, we gotta head to The Rig and sort the rest of this out."

"What about our stuff?" Vicky asks, turning her head to the pile of what she salvaged.

"We'll have to rent a storage unit." I inform. "Till then, well, we'll be fine. We just need to find a new house, till then it's just a matter of paperwork."

That's going to be fun.

"Alright, well, I'll see you at The Rig." Vicky says before flying up and away.

Watching her go, I turn to look back at the pile of salvage. A lot of it personal items and furniture that, honestly isn't worth keeping. Scorch marked chairs, half charred end tables.

"Oh hey!" I say excitedly to myself as I walk over to my old bike. "Ha! Oh I can hear Carol complaining now."

'Oh, your twenty year old bike survived the fire and my antique end table didn't?' I can hear her say accusingly.

With a sigh I notice that, it only mostly survived. The paint is half melted off and the tires are ruined. But, I've been meaning to change those for years now.

Turning from it and back to the house, I walk forth and through the rubble. Stepping carefully over wooden boards and crumbled plaster. Careful to not send myself back to the hospital so soon after leaving.

Stepping around a low wall, I find her curled half under a blanket with her tail curled up to cover herself. My, niece? Foster daughter, foster niece? Asleep on a leaning, broken bed.

'Fuck, that's another thing to deal with.' I mentally dread.

Michael is on his way. Or, at least that's what we're lead to believe. None of us have heard from Michael in almost four years now. Hell, circumstances not withstanding, I still wouldn't want to meet with him again.

Last thing he said to me was how I should be ashamed I let someone else rule my life and ruin my kid's future. So, yeah. No love lost.

"Hey there kiddo." I say as I crouch down to her. "Time to go."

She opens her eyes to meet mine. Those lively turquoise orbs that are always so full of mischief and life. Now, less so.

"Okay." She says after a bit, uncurling her tail and sitting up, revealing her hero costume, soot stained and dirty. "Carry me?" She asks as she outstretches her arms.

"Sure thing sweetie." I say as I hold my arms out for her to fall into.

Holding her as I stand, her chin on my shoulder as I step away. Only to notice her dragging the half burnt blanket with her, the torn edges getting snagged on some debris.

"Let go sweetie." I say gently.

"But it's mine." She mutters softly.

"We can get you a new one." I reassure.

"I don't want a new one." She answers back.

"I know." I say as I move my hand to hers and gently pry it open.

She doesn't resist, and soon I'm back to stepping over broken boards and shattered dry wall. Back to the PRT Cruiser.

.

.

-The Rig, 3:30pm-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"I'm sorry Mrs. Dallon, we'll look into it, but you're still looking at a delay of two to four business days for the documents to go through." The insurance lady says over the phone.

"Understood." I say curtly. "Goodbye."

"Good-" She doesn't finish as I hang up.

Setting the phone back on its holder, I sigh as I rub my face into my hands.

The insurance company is deciding to drag their feet. Not unexpected, but a delay in paperwork? That's just them reaching.

"Everything will be fine." I say to myself. "Insurance will cover the house, I can pull more hours at the office to cover the increased premium."

The only thing I'm really worried about is finding a house. Property values in Brockton are at an all time low due to the drastic increase in, everything. But more than that, I'll need to find a four bedroom house within thirty minutes of the law firm.

'Concerns for another day.' I tell myself as I stand up. 'For now, my niece.'

My niece who just butchered seven unpowered people and executed Brockton's most hated. Publicly and while crying and begging.

'Second degree murder, reckless endangerment, excessive use of powers on civilians.' I count in my head as I get up and head out of the office room.

She's always been unpredictable. But in a more mischievous sense. Then she comes back and murders a score of people.

'She just escaped her kidnappers.' I remind myself. 'How many people did you kill when that happened?'

But that was during and I was doing it to escape. She already escaped and was safe.

'She's indestructible. She's always safe. She wasn't in a rage over her own safety.' I tell myself. 'She did what she did, out of concern for us.'

…

Seems I don't have anything to counter that.

Legally however. Massachusetts is a Duty to Retreat state.

Reaching me and Mark's quarters, I type my temporary I.D. into the key pad, and step inside. Greeted to the sight of Kitsu hugging a suitcase in her arms. Ears splayed back and tail curled protectively around her front.

"Can, I stay with you and dad?" She asks, not looking me in the eye.

Looking behind her towards Mark, he just shrugs.

"She was given her own room." He says softly. "I told her it was up to you."

Looking back down to the little girl, freshly bathed and in her hero outfit. I can't help but picture her as a tiny Michael. Back when he was sweet and, well he was always quiet.

Another thing that he and Kitsu have nothing in common. Michael was quiet when he was a kid, and that never really changed. Except when he would finally lose his temper.

I'm tempted to make her sleep in her own room. If for nothing else than to set a precedence. But, she just found her way home from being kidnapped. And the first thing she finds is her home gone.

Crouching down, I pull Kitsu into a hug. A little awkward with the suitcase she's holding. But, it's the thought that counts.

"I'm, sorry I-"

"It's okay." I hush her. "We can talk later. For now, how about we just get some rest?"

She leans into the hug, her tail unwrapping from in front of her and coming around to wrap around me. Something I've come to notice it does when she's around others she cares about.

"Okay." She says softly.

I rest my head on hers as I rub her back comfortingly. This is a little girl who can fight monsters of biblical proportions and come out on top. This is a little girl who can resurrect the recently deceased.

And right now, she just wants a hug.

"Mark I just got of the phone with the homeowners insurance, don't make me call the life insurance." I say as I open my eyes to see his smug face.

.

.

-Medhall General Hospital, 6pm-

.

.

Steve "The Mechanic" Pappagallo POV

.

*Beep*

…

*Beep*

…

"I know you're awake." A tired voice says.

Slowly opening my eyes, feeling the burn of the lights as I do so. And the lack of a headache following.

"Over here." I hear that voice again. "C'mon, I wanna go home and I can't do that until you're good for transport."

Moving my head to the side, I see a wavy brown haired girl in white robes. Small rounded nose, slim face, tired eyes. Looking at me as though I just cut her in line.

"Good, you're cognizant." She says. "Okay mister Mechanic, long story short. You got run over by a cruiser. You're not dying, now. Though with the liver damage I'm not sure how. But you have several broken bones and a severed spine."

I give out a weak chuckle at that as I look back to the ceiling. Me, run over by a car. Guess the world does have a sense of humor after all.

"You're not at risk of dying, and I normally wouldn't be here." The girl who I'd deduced as Panacea by her white robes continues. "But, you get special treatment for turning yourself in. So, do I have your permission to heal you under-"

"No." I cut her off.

She's silent for a bit. Likely surprised or some such by my refusal. Probably don't get a lot of people saying no to her.

"You do realize this is a one time offer, right?" She says. "You feel that? Bet you don't."

"What?" I ask as I look back over to her. And look down to her outstretched arm.

She's smacking my leg with one of those doctor's hammers. The one they tap your knee with. And there's nothing.

I don't feel anything.

"Yeah." She says with a patronizing smile before she stops. "Still sure you don't want it? Think about it, walking, running, sex, height."

"I said no." I reiterate.

She stares at me for a bit. Her tired, bored expression never changing.

She then shrugs and leaves me alone to my thoughts. Looking up at the tiles of the ceiling as I contemplate my position.

Countless lives taken and ruined. All by my hands, directly, and through my work. Losing my legs sounds like a pittance as far as punishment goes. No walking? Good, I won't go anywhere. No feeling? Not like I had much anyway. My dick not working? Not like I was using it for much in the first place.

In a few minutes, Panacea returns to the room.

"I said-"

"No, I get it. That's why I'm back." She says before dropping a clipboard on my chest. "Your arms still work so I need you to sign these."

"Huh?" I intone as I pick up the clipboard and read it over.

Refusal forms.

.

.

Director Emily Piggot POV

.

"Well?" I ask the young healer as she steps back out of the room.

"Here, I'm going home." She says curtly, handing me a clipboard before walking off.

Looking down to the board in hand, I see that he has indeed signed off on all refusal forms. He doesn't want to be healed.

So, a guilty conscience? Or just stubborn pride.

The fact he turned himself in is indicative of the former. In which case, I have my orders.

Looking up to my guards, Miss Militia and Velocity, I give a nod. They're the only two I trust to let me do the talking. And barring that, at least not instigate something like a certain blue armored tinker.

Velocity walks forward and opens the door, heading in first before me, and Miss Militia following behind.

Walking to see the haggard bedridden man, slowly opening his eyes. He looks to us with a sigh.

"So, time to cart me off?" He says in a gruff, depreciative voice. "Don't worry, I won't run."

"I'd make a joke about your current condition and you running, but I'm above that level of pettiness." I banter back, earning a slight smirk from him before he lays his head back down.

"Good for you." He says before holding his arms up. "Well, let's get this over with."

"About that." I say as I walk around to the side of his bed and sit down in the chair beside it. Affording myself what little rest I can after the stress of today. "I'm here with an offer."

"I'm not taking a plea deal." He says as he starts to lower his arms.

"That's not what I'm here to offer." I cut off the line of thought.

"What else could you be offering?" He asks as he lets his arms fall back down. "A job?"

"As a matter of fact." I say poignantly.

"You're joking." He scoffs, turning his head to look at me. "You're not joking."

"No Mr. Pappagallo, I assure you. I do not joke." I inform him. "You'll find I'm a very serious individual. You see, you have a very useful and rare ability among Tinkers. Anyone can use your cars."

"Anyone can use Tinker-Tech." He counters.

"Yes, but not every Tinker is capable of making their devices so user friendly towards others." I continue. "You don't have to look far. Simple devices, yes. But the more, niche, something becomes. The more, inefficient the devices use becomes for the average man. That is not something your cars have an issue with."

"Why?" Is all he asks.

"Simply put?" I intone. "We're desperate. Multiple factions of opportunistic villains are expected to show up. And all we have are capes, and regular PRT. Your vehicles turn the average man, into a low level threat. On its own, notable, but nothing special. Take into account you can make several with seemingly no limitations outside of resources?"

"Don't you have the worlds greatest Tinker on speed dial?" He asks. "Why, me?"

"Dragon is good." I admit to him. "But she can't be everywhere at once. And even then, she is incapable of doing what you do. You modify already existing vehicles. She creates. You would be more readily available, and less resource extensive."

He's quiet for a long while. And I'll admit, it's hard to get a read on him as he turns his head to stare at the ceiling.

"Should you accept. Steven Rivera Pappagallo will be declared dead after his failed rescue by the Merchants lead to him being run over by a PRT cruiser." I inform him.

"I can't be trusted." He says fatally.

"Excuse me?" I ask.

"You can't trust me." He says with more conviction.

"And why not?" I ask with a raised brow.

"I'm a murderer, a villain." He says as he pushes himself to sit up. "I've killed, countless people. I've created cars that have killed countless more. Who's to say I won't sabotage your cruisers out of some sick sense of humor?"

Before I can say anything, Miss Militia cuts in.

"The fact that you pointed out you might do something, is honestly just more telling of how honest you are." She says. "Which, makes you more trustworthy."

He stares at her, glaring as though he's looking at a puzzle that's missing a piece. Questioning and contemplative.

"Director Piggot." Miss Militia says, turning to look at me. "May I speak with him in private?"

Sparing a quick glance between the two. I figure there's little harm. I trust her well enough to not do anything stupid. And I can see that nothing I say would get to him.

"Very well." I say as I get up.

.

.

Hana "Miss Militia" POV

.

Taking Emily's spot in the chair, I look to the guilt ridden man. His hardened glare, carrying no weight. There's no hatred in his eyes that is not directed at himself.

He's not even hiding it well. He's torn up inside. Killing himself as far as I can tell.

Just like I did.

The only difference is, I survived.

"You should really take this deal." I say softly.

"And why's that?" He asks bitterly. "Save myself from rotting in a hole? All It'd do is prolong my trip down."

"You should do it, to save others." I say.

"You're gonna ask a villain to save people?" He scoffs before looking away. "Damn, and here I thought I had poor judgement."

Lashing out, deflection, insults. All behaviors of someone without a solid argument, yet refusing to back down.

"How so?" I ask to get a base on which to start.

"I'm an alcoholic sociopath." He says to me. "That should be enough."

"Sociopath's don't turn themselves in." I point out. "It sounds like your looking for a reason to refuse."

"And I have plenty!" He shouts, catching me off guard as he suddenly snaps. "You want to extend the olive branch?! I get that. You're a hero, it's what you do! But, understand that, I just, I don't save people! Even if I agree. All I'll do is fuck up and do more harm than good! How can you trust me!? When I can't trust myself!?"

By the end of his rant, he's huffing and I can see the tears threatening to spill out. He hates himself to the point that he's actively self sabotaging.

'His trigger event!' I have a sudden epiphany.

In a bold move, I take my bandana off. Revealing my face, much to the confusion of the paraplegic man.

"When, when I was a little girl." I start to say. "My, village in Kurdistan was attacked. I listened as soldiers killed my family. Holed up in the cellar, crying as I heard their screams."

I take a deep breath as the memories flood back to me. It seems so, counter to everything I do. I avoid sleep because of how often this just replays in my head.

And here I am, willingly bringing it back up.

"After a while, they were done." I say to get past walking through, the remnants. "And, well. Their were seven of us, all children. And, they needed a way out of the forest. Our fighters has set traps for them in case they ever got too close. And well, they killed the only ones who could lead them out."

"Why are you telling me this?" He asks.

"Only five of us survived after I triggered and my power came to me." I continue. "It was, so easy. They never expected a little girl to just, pull a gun out of nowhere and mow them down. But, afterwards, I couldn't help but think. Why didn't my power come sooner? Why didn't I try to fight them with the rest? If I had fought, instead of hiding in the cellar."

"You can't blame yourself for things you had no control over." He says, as if I don't already know.

"I know that now." I say before looking him directly in the eye. "But do you?"

His eyes widen at my statement. Before setting back to their stony façade.

"My situation's different." He says. "You were a child, I'm an adult-"

"With a faulty break line?" I say, recalling his earlier file.

"I caused, a pileup that killed nearly thirty people." He stresses, his voice threatening to crack the more he speaks. "My choices, got several people killed. And that's not counting the hundreds dead because of my work."

"Lives you can atone for. Work that can help people." I point out.

"Save the offer for someone who deserves it." He says in a low tone.

"Why do you think I'm here? Showing my face?" I ask.

He's silent at that. Preferring to stare at his bedsheets as opposed to looking at me. The somber atmosphere created by the room, filling every moment.

"Why are you scared to do the right thing?" I ask.

"I'm not, I just, I'll fuck up." He says. "Trust me, you don't want me."

"Well, it's a good thing you said not to trust you." I poke at him. "If you can't trust yourself, then at least trust us to keep you in line."

Once again, as is common now. He's silent, preferring the view of the white bedsheets.

After what feels like minutes of silence, though is only a few seconds. He finally speaks up.

"Okay, I accept your offer."

.

.

-1hr later, The Rig-

.

.

"You may take your leave." Emily says as she walks into her office.

"Well, that was boring." Tom, Velocity, says as we both turn around.

"I thought it was a nice change of pace." I say in return as we walk down the grey hall.

"Yeah well, some of us don't like standing around looking pretty all day." He quips back, poorly.

"How would you know?" I ask. "All you did was stand around."

"By the,- Hey!" He calls out in offence.

"I'm just messing with you." I say and give him a tap on the shoulder.

"Yeah, okay." He says as we fall into a brief awkward silence. "So, how did you convince Mechanic to join?"

"With words." I answer simply.

"Really?" He scoffs. "Here I thought you ran a honeypot mission."

"How? He's paralyzed from the waist down." I ask, pushing down my disgust at the insinuation in favor of my curiosity into what mental gymnastics his mind is doing.

"Let him honeypot you?" He suggests weakly.

I stop walking, and Tom mimics me not too long after.

"What?" He asks.

"This is why you're still single." I say as I walk past him.

.

.

-Friday, August 13th, The Rig, 8am-

.

.

Director Emily Piggot POV

.

"Thank you for meeting with me Director Mode." I say to the shorter woman in black.

"Please darling it's your work here, just call me Edna." The eccentric older woman says. "If we keep calling each other Director we'll confuse everyone."

Edna is, somewhat like minded to me. We both see the importance of how the perception of the public can effect our jobs. Unlike that bullheaded Ross. But she's a bit, eccentric. And that's me putting nicely.

"But let's not wax poetics sweetie, how've you been?!" She asks with an energetic smile. "Keeping yourself well? I hope so, your health affects your mind and your mind is what's important!" She rambles quickly.

"I'm fine." I say succinctly. Knowing that unless I get this out of the way, we won't get anything done. "And you?"

"Oh you know how it is, new capes new wards new heroes. Urgh! It never ends. The PR appointments, the scheduling, the coaching, it's so stressful!" She continues. "But I've managed to maintain my figure and keep my charges in line. Speaking, of."

Edna is a woman who plays by her own rules. And if you don't play her rules, you'll find yourself losing. Whether that be in law, politics, or a simple conversation.

"Yes, the Parr family." I say. "I've already been briefed and they have their quarters and accommodations."

Despite the relative short timespan of this turf war. It's already hitting a crescendo. Hookwolf is still rampaging. And with Stormfront's, execution, we're expecting opportunistic villains to start making moves soon. The ABB have already been seen moving operations to their border territories, and The Merchants' stance is a complete unknown. And Purity's faction has remained almost completely untouched and unconcerned.

Kitsu's return is expected to slow the rate of escalation. But I'd be a fool to rely on that.

"Very well darling." Edna says as she hops up and heads for the door. "If you need me I'll be asking the capes for the situation."

"I have the full details you know." I press forth in irritation at her antics.

"First hand accounts are always better for painting a picture. Besides, I want to meet the items of importance." She says in a matter of fact tone before shutting the door behind her. Loudly.

Taking a deep breath. I press the button on my intercom to alert Miss Militia of Edna's intention.

Lord knows how much of a headache she can be.

.

.

-Commons room, 8:30am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Sitting at the counter in the common rooms in my newly washed Irida outfit. Head resting in my arms out of boredom. At the counter because the stools are the only thing I can sit on unless I wanna lay down on the couch.

You'd think they'd get some open back chairs by now, but no.

Dennis is making a sandwich at the counter. Out of costume and I'll admit I'm staring at his butt. Don't judge! Sophia is on the couch in her costume, just texting. And Assault is in the corner talking on the phone to Battery.

He's being quiet, but that means nothing to me. Turns out they're having kids. Neat. That's another divergence from canon.

Missy's not here today. And I still don't have a phone. I'm wearing a swim cap to keep my ears down and covered while Chris is working on my new hearing aides again. Because apparently the ones The Travelers took got crushed in a trash compactor. Meanwhile the ones he gave to Mom for when I got home had melted in the fire.

Oh yeah, I still have a report to fill out and questions to answer. As of now I'm thinking of how to best phrase, 'I was mentally fucking with my kidnappers and accidentally lost track of time. Oops?'

Yeah, I may just have to straight up lie. Say something like they had more of that knock out gas. Not a complete lie. I saw the pressure pad trap they had rigged up. It'd have been clever, if not for the fact I can freely manipulate my body and don't need to shatter through a block of concrete.

Hella uncomfortable though.

Oh, someone's walking down the hall. Rather fast. If it weren't for how quick their steps were, I'd assume they were running. No, just walking very fast.

*Kcht*

Looking over, I see a shorter woman, maybe five feet tall, with a black dress, black shoes, black circular glasses, and black hair in a bowl cut.

I wonder if she likes black.

"Hmm, one, two, three four." She counts the people in the room. "I expected more, oh well." She says with a shrug as she walks up to me.

"Hmmm." She hums as she stares at my butt! "Ugh, dreadful, just dreadful darling. These colors are amazing but they, ugh, clash with your fur too much. Your stylist should've known this."

Oh, she's staring at my sash and its tail coat, thingies. I never did figure out what these are called.

"Honestly, this could've worked if you were a sand blonde but a strawberry blonde? No no darling you need something a bit more vibrant like a redder pink. Oh so close yet so far." She continues. "Although I will say the sash is an inspired idea. Is it tear away?"

Without waiting for a response. She tugs my sash and nearly yanks me off of my seat.

"Ah!" I squeak in surprise as I scoot back onto the stool. "Hey! Watch it lady!"

"Ugh! I take it back!" She says while rolling her eyes. "It's almost as bad as a cape! My dear you are walking in a safety hazard! Though the stitch work is uncanny. Nevertheless! Why ever would you wear this? Who approved of this?"

"Um-"

"Don't answer that sweetie." She says with a wide smile. "I'll get in touch with my people and have an updated suit for you by the end of the weak."

"I designed this!" I force her to hear. "And what's wrong with the sash! It's no more a hazard than my tail!"

"Hmm?" She says with a squinted look before breaking into her smile again. "Oh! That changes things! You clearly have a talent for design, you just need it refined!"

I stole the designs from memories of an alternate world but, no one needs to know that.

"Here you go dearie, call me when you want to speak of your future." She says as she hands me a silver card.

I take it with a bit of confusion as she moves onto Sophia who's texting on the couch. Ignoring everything.

"What was that about?" Dennis asks as he turns around with a sandwich in hand.

"I'unno." I say with a shrug as I watch the lady look Sophia up and down.

"Ugh, can you scream desperate for attention any louder?" She says.

"Pfft!" I snort at her words.

"Excuse you?" Sophia sneers.

"Sweetie let me tell you, you do not pull off black very well." The lady says dismissively.

"The fuck!?" Sophia says as she gets up.

"No!" The lady snaps at her. "No vulgar language! That is not a tolerable habit!"

"Fuck you you midget bitch!" Sophia shouts down to her.

"Clearly a troubled youth." She says as she turns from her. "Maybe when you choose to be less of a stereotype for edgy teens. I can help you more."

I'm full on laughing at this point as she tears into Sophia's choice of attire.

"Bitch this is for stealth, not looks!" Sophia defends

"Then why the cape darling?" She asks with a tilt of her head while leaning.

"It's a cloak!" Sophia says as she actually stomps her foot. "And it conceals me!"

"Sweetie, darling, honey, it doesn't work." She says with patronizing tsks. "But I can see my critique is not welcome. Sadly there is no helping the helpless."

Sophia is absolutely fuming while I laugh as the woman walks away and heads for Assault. Who looks up from his phone to address the lady.

*Krcht*

Looking over to the doors. I see Missy in her full outfit walking through the sliding door.

"Missy!" I say excitedly as I hop off of the stool and glomp her.

"Oh heavens no!" I hear the lady shout at us.

Opening an eye I see her make an immediate beeline for us. Making her way quickly towards us.

"A dress?" She says incredulously as she pushes me and Missy apart. "Please darling, tell me this at least has ballistic weave."

Like she did with me, she inspects the outfit without Missy getting to say anything.

*Rip*

The dresses hem immediately tears as the lady pulls at it.

"No!" She says as she throws her head up. "I've seen enough! This is outrageously irresponsible and flagrant! To allow such travesties! I shall be having words with Emily immediately!"

Without another word, she quickly walks out of the room. Leaving all of us wondering what the hell she was on.

"The fuck was all that?" Dennis asks. "The head of the fashion police?"

"No!" I shout, turning to point at him. "No such vulgarities young man! It's unbecoming!"

He just stares at me with those deep blue eyes. A flat look as he cocks an eyebrow at me. Clearly not appreciating my antics.

"Was that Director Mode?" Missy asks from behind me.

"Who?" I ask, turning back to her.

"The director of the North West PRT?" Missy clarifies before adding. "Oh, right. You weren't informed of that."

"Nope!" I say cheerfully before leaning towards my girlfriend. "Anyway-"

She puts her hands up and on my shoulders, gently keeping me from leaning in fully.

"As much as, well, I need to go get a change in uniform." She says awkwardly.

"I can go with you." I offer with a wiggle of my eyebrows, her face immediately burning red.

"I uh, you don't, we uh." She struggles, her voice cracking with every stutter.

I just, really want someone to talk to. Or just be around. Mom and Dad are away doing paperwork, Amy is at the hospital with Vicky as a guard. And I'm not allowed off The Rig until everything blows over. Or something, I don't actually know. I was just told not to leave.

"You'd need clearance so-" Missy says.

"So?" I cut her off. "Who'll stop me?"

Missy stares at me for a long while at that. And, I can't help but get the feeling that, something is off. Though, what that is, I'm not sure.

"Kitsu, don't follow me into the changing room." She says before turning around.

"Um, okay?" I say in confusion as she types into the keypad.

She walks back through and leaves me here. Confused and, a little hurt.

"Rough patch?" Dennis asks between bites of his sandwich.

.

.

-1 hr later-

.

.

"Where is she?" I ask with arms slung over the arm of the couch.

"Don't know." Lyra says from behind me as she watches Steve Irwin on the TV.

"How long does it take to change a dress?" I ask as I stare at the door.

"Don't know." Lyra says. "Don't wear'em."

Brutus is currently laying on my legs. Apparently he likes them. Judas is on the floor, and Angelica is on the back of the couch standing guard, facing the door like a gargoyle, giving the occasional growl.

Oh! I hear footsteps!

Two sets, oh. It's not Missy. One has the right gait, but is too heavy. The other is light enough, but the gate is too long.

"Grrrrrrrr!" Angelica starts snarling a few seconds later.

*Krcht*

The door opens to reveal a single boy. Red suit with black accents and spiked back blonde hair. Black visor covering his eyes.

As he walks forward, I hear a second set of footsteps next to him, but I don't see anyone.

So, a stranger. I don't smell them, but I do hear them. They slowly walk their way over to us, and I follow my gaze to the source of the sound. Now in the room, I can hear their heartbeat and breathing.

It stops halfway to us, before walking right, then left. The whole time I'm just moving my gaze to follow.

"Um." I hear a very soft, confused voice utter.

"Yes I know you're there." I say. "So does Lyra, Angelica, Brutus, and Judas."

Brutus pokes his head at that, and I hear Judas give a soft whine. While Angelica gives a swift bark.

"Just drop it Vy." I hear the boy say. "You're not spooking anyone."

"Don't use my real name doofus!" The girl's voice suddenly says as she materializes. She's, about as thin as Amy. Long black hair and fair skin. Her suit is, about as formfitting as the boy's and in a similar style. Red top, armored padding, yellow symbol on the chest, black pants.

"Oh, you're the Incredibles." I say tiredly.

The boy speeds over to lean on the couch next to me. He's about as tall as Missy, little taller.

"Yep!" He says as he runs a hand through his hair. "That's us. I'm Fasttrack, though-"

He doesn't get any further as Angelica snarls at him. Getting up with hackles raised as she barks at him. Spooking him as he snaps his head towards the dog.

"Stop." Lyra commands, and she sits back down.

Looking back to Dash, no, sorry, FastTrack. I blink once before speaking again.

"You didn't see a blonde girl in a green dress on your way here, did you?" I ask.

"No, I don't think so." He says.

He keeps talking, but I'm zoning out as I get lost in my thoughts.

Where is Missy?

.

.

Dashiell "FastTrack" Parr POV

.

"So yeah, we're here to help out with your whole city going into chaos." I say proudly to the cute blonde.

"Neat." She responds back as she lays her head down.

She's got these gorgeous blue green eyes, and reddish blonde hair. Great shape from what I can see, she's mostly concealed from the chest down by the couch. A total ten!

The blue cap is a weird fashion choice. Just tossing that out there.

"We actually just got back from a meeting where we were debriefed on everything." I continue. "We'll be staying here at The Rig for next few weeks. If everything isn't settled by then, well. We'll see."

"Hmm, maybe." She says.

She's a bit quiet. But that's fine! Just gotta get her out of her shell! Vy's the same way.

"Hey, if you want, I can talk to a few people and maybe get us on patrol together." I suggest. "I do have three years of experience as a cape. And my dad's the Mr. Incredible. So I can give you a helping hand."

"I'll think about it." She says softly.

'Score!' I cheer in my head.

"Nice, well then."

*Ring*

She flinches at the sound of my phone going off. And, I do a little as well.

"One sec."

Pulling my phone out of my pocket, I go ahead and answer it.

"Hello?"

"Dash, we found another speedster you can work with." I hear Mom's voice call out.

"Sweeet!" I cheer. "What's their name?"

"Velocity, he's here in training room one if you want to meet him."

"I'll be right there!" I say before turning to the cute girl. "Hey, catch ya later kay?"

"Okay." She says.

"Nice!" I say before heading out.

It is so rare to find a speedster, so I don't really have anyone to compare notes with. No way am I passing this up!

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Chaotic Ending

Video transcript- A quick look into, Gods of Neo Wavism: Riley/Bonesaw pt. 1

.

.

(The video opens up to reveal a sandy blonde man in a black tee shirt, sharp green eyes, and green scales running up his neck to stop at his cheeks.)

Hey guys! Harold here, and to my newer viewers, yes, my name is weird. My parents wanted a unique name, and gave me one based on some king from before the advent. Moving on.

So, as it stands at the time of this video being uploaded, there are twelve hundred million people in the world. All of different ethnicities and with that, beliefs. The most commonly believed and accepted being, of course. Neo Wavism. As you can tell by the title of the video.

Now, there are many who believe in the Neos Gods. But, as most of us learn in elementary school, the gods take on different roles depending on the narrative and culture. Sometimes to the point of being contradictory.

Most can be easily traced to each other. Two prime examples being Kitsu, who's name remains unchanged in almost every narrative and culture, and Victoria, who you may know as Vicky, Vicks or Antares depending on your culture and beliefs.

Now all the gods are multifaceted. None are perfect and it's widely accepted that while, they are real, they're more, personifications made manifest. They have flaws just as we do, and they make mistakes. As said by Carol herself. "Perfection, is impossible as well as subjective. For something to be truly perfect, it'd have to be perfect by every measure and opinion. And you'll never get everyone to agree on something." A perfect introspection, into how we as a society see the world. What's good to one person, is bad to another.

None of the deities embodies this philosophy of the god's duality more so, than Riley the Prodigy. And I'm willing to wager my left wing that some of you don't even know who that is. Seeing as she's, a bit of a controversial figure and despite being in the religious canon, many cultures will refer to her as her alternate persona, refer to her and her alternate persona as completely separate beings. Or just straight up omit her.

Riley the Prodigy, is also known as Bonesaw the Macabre. Yes, they are the same despite sometimes being taught as separate entities. And that's because they both are and aren't the same. Bare with me here.

Riley is one of the three innovators, alongside Kitsu the Instigator, and Panacea the Supervisor. But before her ascension to divinity, she was one of the Nine Evils, corrupted and twisted from what she was meant to be by the demon of temptation, Jack the Manipulator.

Now, unlike most of the Nine Evils, Riley was not found evil by Jack, Jack took Riley when she was young. And I'm talking, child young, not teen or young adult. Anyways, Jack took Riley and tormented her over nine days and nine nights, forcing her to use her domains of medicine and innovation to keep other victims of his alive. And she did, but while she was tending to one, Jack would injure another. Forcing the fledgling goddess of medicine and cures to leave one and attend to the other, lest they die.

Eventually, Riley broke. Unable to save any of his victims while constantly being so close to doing so. She tired, and eventually, she needed rest. And, his victims died. Thus, when Riley awoke to find those under her care to have passed, she broke. The torment and anguish turning the young goddess into the demented demon of malformity. Bonesaw the Macabre.

Now, every tale and legend of the gods can be broken down and dissected to give insight into the way the world works. And Riley's transformation into Bonesaw is no different.

This particular instance can be paralleled to the recovery process people go through when sick. As disease attacks us, our body works tirelessly to keep us alive while simultaneously fighting off the pathogens and the dangers of improper care. When the body can't go on, when pushed too far, it fails and we die or we ruin ourselves, simple as that.

Listen to your doctor kids.

I could on all day about the significance in every part of this particular story. From Jack taking the form of a disease to Riley representing the body attempting to fight it off, to the culmination of it's failure being a metaphor for how we need to rest and recover while sick. But if I did that for everything here, we'd be here all day.

I will say that because of this legend, there's a belief among many cultures that when a loved one passes while in treatment, it's because Jack pulled Riley from them.

So, moving on, Riley still maintained her holy domains of Medicine, Innovation and Care. You can't just, take those from a god. But at this point they're now twisted beyond all recognition. Her medicines became poisons, her care became torturous, her great mind that was meant to see humanity advance, was now targeted toward seeing its continued suffering. Thus, Bonesaw, designer of disease and puppeteer of plagues was born.

It's a neat duality that is meant to kind of parallel reality, almost one to one. Anti-venom, is made from venom. Just like vaccines are made from modified viruses. So too is the demonic Bonesaw, a tortured and tormented Riley.

Bonesaw is a horrifying evil. Not the least of which being that, she never really considered herself, evil. Even when she was returned to divinity, or turned into a god, some texts aren't clear. She never saw the difference in herself. And likewise some sources don't distinguish the two, ever.

A beautiful, if cruelly accurate representation of the cost of innovation. Now, I don't want to get demonetized so, I won't go into detail about some of the things Bonesaw is responsible for. Your parents should've told you plenty to get you to behave anyway.

Nonetheless, I couldn't call this a real crash course vid if I didn't explore some of what she did, and does. Of which there is, a lot. So much so that it's difficult at times to, parse established religious canon from folk lore exagerations. Not even some clerics are certain. What we can say for sure is that Bonesaw, like the rest of the evils, is sick and twisted. Existing purely to perpetuate the suffering of others.

Kind of like my ex. Aye! Had to get the joke in somewhere.

Bonesaw takes a childish glee their work. Seeing all of their creations, good and bad, as works of art. Regardless of any suffering they may cause. Sometimes going so far as to see the suffering as part of their art. During the age lost, Bonesaw traveled with the Nine Evils as their youngest and, arguably most deranged.

I only say arguably because you can't really compare one form of the demented, to another. They're all bad, just different kinds of bad.

Some of the things she's known for are viruses, infections, defects, diseases, poisons, everything medically bad, is usually attributed to Bonesaw.

During this time, she followed and obeyed the Manipulator with the eagerness of a child, desperate to please their parent. Jack had warped the young goddess so much, that she was unrecognizable. It was only when she was removed from his influence when he challenged the other Neos gods and paid for it, that she managed to regain some semblance of her original divine nature. Another parallel to health, though this time it's mental health. Sometimes it's difficult to see the damage that people around you are doing, until you step away. After all, you never realize just how deep in the mud you've sunk, until you try to get out.

Now before we move forward to her time as Riley and her clergy, I got bills. So todays sponsor-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I sigh as I skip past the ad.

"You modify a few thousand people before the apocalypse and they decide to make a religion out of you and your family." I sigh to myself. "At least they're not some weird cult that's sexualizing me. Anymore at least."

I'd reveal myself for the lols but, I've learned over the centuries that doing so on a massive scale, never ends well. Better to just fuck with the occasional sceptic.

I'm just glad society is mostly the same as it was.

To be continued

.

.

.

.

Bonus 2

.

.

Good ending

Missy's guest appearance

.

.

Missy "Vista" Dallon POV

.

"And now we have a special guest!" Kitsu says to the computer camera like she's on a talk show. "Can you guess who it is?"

It takes a few seconds, but eventually that robotic voice shows up. Showing that, she literally just earned money, by talking.

"Is it your mother? Ba dum tis."

"Nope!" She says. "It's my wifey, Missy!"

Rolling my eyes, I walk over and sit down in the adjacent chair.

Looking at the screen, I see it's just her stream being played back to her on one monitor, another monitor with her viewer metrics, and the chat on the other.

"Hey." I say with a wave as one of the mics lowers itself. Likely Kitsu using her illusions to adjust the equipment.

"Hello best chair." The robotic voice acts up before saying. "I was close."

"Hey!" Kitsu says. "Be nice. Any inappropriate commenters will be banned!"

Before anything else can be said.

"How inappropriate are we talking? Less, or more than the time you groped her before declaring you were ending your stream early to get lucky?"

I lean back and groan at that. I forgot about that. When she got upset at everyone saying she could do better than me.

"Keep it classy." Kitsu says with a huff.

It should be noted that her chair is higher than mine. Making it look like we're the same height.

"So, what do I do here?" I ask with a shrug.

"Answer any questions that make it past the mods." Kitsu says. "And give me scratches."

I roll my eyes and oblige.

"So Missy, is Kitsu your pet?"

"Hey!/Pretty much." Kitsu and I say at the same time.

Kitsu looks to me with a glare. And I lean in and whisper.

"Consider this revenge for the last one." I say quietly. "Just be glad I didn't mention the collar."

She goes wide eyed and blushes for a brief moment before it fades. Turning silently back to the camera.

"I may have made a serious error in judgement."

"Oh no. She's learning."

I burst out laughing at that. Enjoying my chance to embarrass her for a change.

.

.

-30 minutes later-

.

.

"I once had to lock our bank account when she tried to buy Games Workshop." I say as I lazily spin back and forth in the chair.

Kitsu had delegated herself to laying face first on the couch in the backroom. Head propped on a pillow.

"Games Workshop? Who dat?"

"Oh Snuggle bug!" I call back with a shit eating grin.

"Mrrrrrrmmmmm!" She groans into the cushion.

"Wanna say why you nearly bankrupt us trying to buy a company?" I ask her.

"Rrrrmmm!"

"Grumpy fox go ger."

"Her requests, for a space fox faction to be added to added to Warhammer forty K was refused." I inform. "So she thought buying the company would get her her OC's."

"They have space wolves! It's not too much of a leap in logic!" She throws her head up to shout.

We're rich, but we're not that rich. She does have stocks in the company. But it's a big company.

"I feel like there are steps you can take before buying out the company."

"There are." I agree. "She didn't think of it."

This is fun!

"Hey, how tall are you? I've noticed you and Kitsu sat at the same height but your arms are longer."

"Hmm, oh I'm five foot, five and a half inches." I answer.

The chat goes berserk with lines for a few seconds, faster than I can really keep track.

"Wait, we all know Kitsu is a shortstack so how tall is she really?"

"Don't answer that!" Kitsu says, suddenly up and very alert.

"I won't." I say as I get a devious idea.

I wait for Kitsu to lay back down and continue grumbling inti the pillow. Then warp the distance between her and me.

Not giving her time to react, I get up hook my arms under her armpits and hoist her up. It's not that difficult seeing as she's under a hundred pounds.

I then warp the desk to be further away, showing me holding Kitsu like a large cat. Her legs dangling as she pouts in my arms.

"Short queen"

"Tiny fox"

"OMG, so cute"

"Baby fox girl"

"Grumpy fox mode, activated"

"I will get you back for this." Kitsu grumbles in my arms.

'Oh I know.' I think mischievously.

Prank wars are always fun.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

And thus, we will start the return to silly and fluffy slice of life!

Time to get back to our roots!

Trouble with Missy

Carol is conflicted

Dash is hitting on Kitsu

Chaos is still ramping up now that Stormfront is gone, and thus others will try to take her territory.

And so, so much more that I just couldn't fit into this chapter.

.

I know that in Miss Militia's backstory, she used a silenced gun to quietly take the soldiers out.

That's dumb.

To those who still don't know, a silencer reduces sound, but does not eliminate it. On an open battlefield or for a sniper, they're great!

But in close range? Not as much. You can still hear a silenced gun from about 60 feet, to as far away as 200 feet depending.

Unless the group of soldiers was very spread out. All the silencer would do is add weight to the gun.

So, I have that she gunned them down while they were caught off guard.

.

In the Good Ending, The Brockton Games were never a thing.

And here, Kratos was killed by Stormfront, in the Good Ending, He was killed by Cocytus. Someone who is not yet, and depending on future events, never will show up.

There are some elements that will be present in the true ending. But what those are, is anyone's guess.

That's why I'm introducing the Chaotic Good ending. More what if's and what could be's.

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas moving forward. I especially love it when you guys speculate or make guesses as I do use them. And even when I don't, they still give me ideas.

Find me in newb's-grotto at the discord!

Link to the discord: discord. gg/DarkWolfShiro
Last edited: Jul 18, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, macdjord and 118 others
Newb to the game
Jul 18, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 65 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#503
A/N: Reconciliation

Alt Title: 1 year anniversary.

.

.
At the time of original release
One year ago I started writing, and published my first chapter of Worm CYOA, Kitsu. I wrote it in a day. It was less than 2k words, and not really up to my standard as of now. But I kept it that same, crappy quality as a benchmark of my journey. I had no clue what I was doing and honestly? I still don't.

I know this chapter took a while to come out. But I wanted to be able to publish it on the day. And as a result, it got big. So, enjoy a nearly 15k chapter from me!

.
The 4 comment deal still applies!
Every 4 comments, will see another chapter posted until QQ is fully caught up!
Multiple comments by the same user don't count.

.

Casanova5424: One of my longest standing reviewers. Thank you.

May he forever rest in buggy piece. And hopefully, Kitsu and Missy can reconcile their issues without any misuderstandings.

Also, I think the guy has brain damage. 500k+ plus of words, and 2k of smut. And he calls this PWP.

Crywolf178: Fair enough I suppose. But then technically, her guns would do what she thinks they can do, and not what they actually do. I'll just write it up to a minor inconsistency in Wildbow's story. Wouldn't be the first.

Kaykaykaykayan: Another one of my longest standing reviewers. Thank you as well.

It was said in the discord that someone would die before the end of this act. No one guessed it would be the precious buggy boi.

Dancing Leaf: The only long running reviewer without an account. Thank you.

The thing you may start to notice if you look back at Kitsu and Missy's interactions, is that Missy is almost entirely emotionally dependent on Kitsu. And yes, that was intentional. But, you'll see what I have planned.

I am 100% stealing the treehouse idea.

Loopy-Bubble-Sniffer: I fell into two traps with Kitsu being kidnapped. 1 her kidnapping and how I extended it too long. 2 I tried to do too much.

Sorry the story isn't working for you.

Grimnosh: You've been here a while too. I'm thankful for that. And it's thanks to you that I've become a more accurate writer because you're not afraid to call me out. Thank you.

Most directors would meet over the phone or through video. Edna is not most.

Edna is actually using this as a power move. Most PRT's need their director to function with any stability. Edna is basically flexing the fact that she can leave her station and not have the PRT collapse in on itself.

Who's Glen?

Helen called Dash by his real name because she was in an area where no one would eavesdrop. She basically stepped away to talk to him.

RadChaos897: My most elaborate reviewer. Thank you.

All good things come, to those who wait. The Incredibles were mentioned back when I had no plans for this fic as a way to keep my horizons open, while not pulling bullshit. Basically set up to excuse later shenanigans.

Dash is a true mover.

Violet's powers are gravity based but still limited to forcefields and invisibility.

Helen is still thicc. No it is not her power.

Bob's strength is explained in the bonus.

Jack-Jack is 4 in this fic right now.

I might include others from the franchise, but I have no plans to do so.

Woo! Okay, on to your review.

A neat little funfact about Mechanic, if you look up "The Mechanic Mad Max" on google, you'll get an image of what Mechanic looks like. He's also crippled and uses a pulley system to move around his workshop! So, managed to make it all the way back around to that!

Capes running rampant? Chaos!? FLORIDA!?

Two of those three items will be relevant.

I love Edna. Simple as that. And Kitsu really does need a new wardrobe seeing as she's down to a handful of skirts and shirts. And the three copies of her Irida outfit.

Not even the mini Carol lawyer suit survived.

P.S. Good job! Word of advice, don't crash your first car in three days like my little brother did.

P.P.S. how's your story coming along?

Gogmazios: My longest returning reviewer. Thank you, and you're welcome.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Parahumans Online

You are currently logged in: Vista

You are currently viewing:

Topic: Stormfront dead

IN: Boards- Location- America- Brockton Bay

Original poster: RadChaos897

Posted On August 13th 2010

Holy shit the fox is back! And what a return it is folks!

It's no secret that Stormc*nt has been a menace to society, lately more so than ever, but that is NO more!

VideoLink: Stormfront-death

(Showing Page 1 of 192)

Char

Replied on August 13th 2010

Holy everloving shit!

I've seen fatalities in MK less gruesome

Mane Megenta

Replied on August 13th 2010

Shit, with half her hair missing and the lack of that smug shitface of hers, I'd never know it was Stormfront if not for the costume.

KillDestroyKiss

Replied on August 13th 2010

Running, crying, begging.

She went out like a bitch. Good riddance.

Nutty

Replied on August 13th 2010

To be fair, I'd run from Kitsu too.

Valkyr (Wiki Warrior)

Replied on August 13th 2010

Did she freeze her neck? WTF!? Since when does she have ice powers!?

Bagrat(The Guy In The Know)

Replied on August 13th 2010

She's officially rated a self-trump who develops powers as she needs them.

Guess she wanted to kill Stormfront so bad that she developed a new power.

Lucky Luke (Hero)

Replied on August 13th 2010

I've dealt with a self trump before, and they are horrifying to combat.

But the idea that she can pop out a new power, because she was upset?

That scares me.

Fishmon

Replied on August 13th 2010

Bro, that beating was personal. Did you see the end where she blew up her head?

The fuck did she do?

Clockblocker (Ward) (PRT ENE)

Replied on August 13th 2010

Attacked the Dallon house, nearly killed her family, destroyed the Dallon house.

Oh, and tried to kidnap Vista.

Miss Militia (Hero) (PRT ENE)

Replied on August 13th 2010

Clockblocker, Director Piggot wants to speak with you.

Whackograve

Replied on August 13th 2010

Damn.

We need a cape version of Mortal Kombat. Make that a fatality

Sothoth

Replied on August 13th 2010

Dude, Kitsu would be OP

Not only because of how she's as invincible as Alexandria, strong as All Might, but she's popping out more abilities than The Butcher!

And that's not even mentioning how small her hit box would be!

Ne

Replied on August 13th 2010

Remember, Alexandria got an eye exam from the Siberian

Till we see otherwise, Kitsu is more indestructible.

Judge

Replied on August 13th 2010

Dude, put some warnings on that vid!

I'm gonna be sick!

Yipper

Replied on August 13th 2010

Oh yeah, that beating was nothing but personal.

Holy shit. I think I'm gonna have nightmares.

Tumbles

Replied on August 13th 2010

You're having nightmares, meanwhile I'm having sweet dreams.

My four year old niece was rescued from one of Stormfronts warehouses. The documents could find said she was going to be sent to an illegal brothel in Canada to be raised as, well. You get the idea.

We're still looking for my brother, her father.

If anything, Stormfront's death was too quick.

TRJ

Replied on August 13th 2010

Where do I send my fanmail?

Antigone

Replied on August 13th 2010

New Wave has a PO box on their website.

End of page (1 of 192)

.

.

-Saturday, August 14th, The Rig, 7am-

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

"Mark, Mark." I hear as I'm shook awake.

Stretching my arms out with a groan. I take a deep breath and sigh as I wake up.

Looking over to Carol, I blink the sleep from my eyes as I lay my head back down.

"Mark, we have too much to do today." Carol says. "If you go back to sleep you will regret it."

'Fuck me I guess.' I think tiredly as I try and sit up.

Only to notice a weight on my chest and stomach.

Looking down, I see a large lump under the covers. And lifting it up, I'm greeted to the softly sleeping form of my adoptive niece. Fuck that's confusing.

"I'm stuck." I say as I remove the covers to reveal the girl.

Carol gives a tired sigh as she lays back down and rubs her face. Staying there for a few seconds before swinging her feet over the edge of the bed and standing up to walk towards the dresser.

"When I get back from the showers, you better be at least out of bed." Carol says as she goes to the door and punches in the code. "Drag her with you if you have to."

I watch her step out to the hall. The door closing and leaving me alone with the little girl. Yes I was referring to her height.

Looking down to the girl in question.

"You can stop pretending." I say, earning a soft blush from her.

"How did you know?" She asks quietly.

"For one, you're not holding me in a death grip." I point out.

She really does cling to you with an inch of your life when she sleeps. And if you try to remove her, she only squeezes harder and harder. Your only options being to wait for her to wake up, or just wake her up.

"Two." I continue. "You always wake up before us." I say, remembering the day we woke up early to get a head start on setting up her surprise party.

Only to find her awake and dressed at the kitchen table.

"Hmm." She sighs, nuzzling my chest and putting forth no further comment.

"You're going to have to get up sweetie." I say as I bring my arms around her, her tail moving up to allow me to do so, before falling back down and covering us again.

"Don't wanna." She mumbles.

She refuses to elaborate further, choosing to just move her arms to better accommodate her head. For all intents and purposes, just getting comfortable.

She looks so small, just laying there. And not just physically.

"Alright, what's bothering you?" I ask as I scoot up, moving the small girl to sit in my lap. "You're normally not so, subdued."

She's quiet a bit longer. Though she does open her eyes. Her ears splay back is a sign that she's upset. Her being upset is nothing new, her being upset and quiet is unusual.

"I miss him." She mumbles.

"Who?" I ask.

"Kratos." She says. "This is normally when I feed him."

Oh right. Her beetle.

"We can always get you another one." I offer.

"No." She says sternly. Her voice containing a surprising edge to it before she relaxes again. "There won't me another like him. I don't even wanna try. What's the point? I can make another, but it won't be Kratos. It won't be my buggy baby boy."

I didn't think she had that much of an attachment to it. I only saw it as another one of her experiments. Like the flowers or the myriad of other plants she's made.

Then again, the amount of time and affection she showed the thing. I guess this is the equivalent of her losing a dog for the first time.

That's never fun.

"It's okay." I say as I hold her tightly. "All things heal with time."

God, even I thought that was hollow.

"I have all the time in the world." She says. "But the one thing time won't heal, is death."

Easy to forget she'll outlive us all. Or, at least she claims.

"You can't live your life fearing death." I say softly. "Even if it's fearing the death of others. If you do, you'll miss out on so much. Sure, it hurts. It's a pain that cuts deep, and a wound that likes to constantly reopen." I say as I recall my father's death. "But, you have to remember, be grateful that they ever were, don't grieve that they are no more."

She sits here in my arms a while longer, and sparing a glance to the clock on the wall tells me we've been here at least twenty minutes.

"Okay kiddo." I say as I pat her back. "Time to get up."

"Nyo!" She says, burying her head into my chest. "You stay!"

Rolling my eyes, I sit up with the girl clinging to my neck.

"Waaagh!" She exclaims as she dangles her feet.

"Nope." I say as I hook my arms under hers and heft her up.

Turning around, I place her on the bed as I head towards the shared dresser. The majority being plain sets of clothes provided by the PRT.

"Don't go!" Kitsu says as she attaches herself to my leg.

"Believe me." I say as I turn around and head for the door. "I'd love nothing more than to sleep for a bit longer."

"Then do it!" Kitsu encourages as I step into the hall with my spare clothes in hand.

"No can do." I sigh as I look down at her. "Now come on, let go."

"Never." She pouts. Puffing out her cheeks adorably.

"Kitsu." I say tiredly. "I have a lot to do today, and I can't have any distractions. Alright? Why don't you hang out with some of the other wards?"

"But I wanna hang with you." She pouts.

"Later kiddo." I says as she slowly releases my leg. "For now, there's too much to do."

"Okay." She says. "I, guess I'll find something."

"Alright." I say as I ruffle her hair. "Don't get into too much trouble."

First thing on the docket is getting ahold of my psychiatrist.

Lost my meds in the fire.

.

.

-The Rig, 7:30am-

.

.

Director Emily Piggot POV

.

"So unless anyone comes out to press charges." I explain to Brandish. "I don't see Kitsu ever being tried for the murder of the eight men and Crusader."

That, and I have a team paying off the families. And another insuring they take the hush money. I hate doing this.

"Bullshit." Brandish says with a glare of suspicion. "By every account, Kitsu should be charged with at least second degree murder on six separate accounts, and two accounts of manslaughter."

And even more so unfortunately, Brandish is smart. And much too untrusting to just accept a bullshit explanation. Again.

"I don't understand." I start. "Do you want her tried and prosecuted? I was under the assumption you were close."

The truth is, Kitsu is too valuable. She's getting away with murder. And that's just goes to show the lengths the PRT is willing to go, to keep her in good standing.

"Don't divert." Brandish hisses pointedly. "You're hiding something big about Kitsu, something that warrants her essentially being absolved of murder. And I doubt it's just her power otherwise you'd be doing the same with The Butcher and Lung."

She's right. Kitsu is getting away with murder. Age, circumstance, technicalities. By every law in the state of Massachusetts, Kitsu is guilty. Vista's testimony only confirmed it.

The only thing keeping it from first degree, is how vividly emotional she was. Vista describe her as, glitching in and out of reality at random. Something that was described when Gallant made her angry.

"Look, there is a lot going on that I'm not at liberty to discuss." I tell her. "Just, do what you can to keep Kitsu in the building for now while we handle damage control."

Truth is, not even I'm privy to the whole story. The top brass wants Kitsu to stay out of trouble, and more importantly.

Here at The Rig.

"What are you playing at, Piggot?" Brandish inquires with a glare as she stands up, putting her hands on my desk as she leans forward.

"I assure you, Mrs. Dallon." I force out. "I'm being as serious as ever."

"And that's why I know you're lying." She counters back. "You're covering. The PRT doesn't just do that. And I'll not have you toying, with my family."

"So you are close?" I point out.

"Answer me Piggot!" Carol shouts, her face red as her glare intensifies.

"Mrs. Dallon." I say as I glare at her. "While I can respect a healthy degree of skepticism, I will not tolerate the blatant disrespectful demeanor you are presenting. You are here by the PRT's grace. If you wish that good grace to be renounced, so be it. But do so in a proper manner."

We sit here in a prolonged standoff. Her challenging me, and me incapable of backing down. I can't, for one it's a breach of conduct. Second thing is, I can't allow a cape to intimidate me.

I'm the director. I'm in charge. I can't bend will to another without a significantly good and valid reason. Further more, allowing intimidation to work, sets a bad precedence.

"This isn-" Brandish starts.

*Slam*

"Emily!" But is interrupted by Edna. "How dare you!?"

'Great.' I think bitterly.

"Another time, Mrs. Dallon?" I say to the red faced woman as Edna strides towards my desk.

"This isn't over." She says as she takes her hands off my desk, and takes her leave.

"No, I don't suppose it is." I say as she leaves before addressing the impertinent visitor. "What is it?"

"I come here under good faith." She starts. "I go around, do my inspections and am absolutely horrified by the state affairs you have left your charges in!"

"What are you talking about?" I ask, exhaustion seeping into my voice despite my best efforts.

"Capes! Non tear away articles! A dress, a standard, designer dress, with no reinforced properties?" She lists off. "Complete form over function!"

Staring at her a bit longer, I give a slow blink at her. Collecting my thoughts before vocalizing my request.

"Elaborate."

.

.

-8am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Walking up to the door, I knock once. Immediately getting a score of barking in response.

It takes a few seconds, but eventually the door opens to reveal the tall, brown furred Lyra.

She's taken to just a sports bra and loose shorts everywhere. I'm aware there was an issue with her going nude a few times. So, this is likely all they could get her to wear.

"Hrm?" She asks with a tilt of her head.

"Hey, Lyra." I say. "Can I spend some time with you?"

She stares at me for a bit, before stepping back and allowing me in.

Walking into her room, it smells like dog of course. But more than that, I immediately get a Chihuahua biting my ankle.

"No!" Lyra shouts as she pulls him off of me. "Bad Frank!"

"Frank?" I ask.

"I asked for more dogs." She says as she tosses him on the bed where he and Angelica immediately start attacking each other. "They told me if I can get him under control, I'd get more."

Give her one of the most notoriously spiteful and violent, yet relatively harmless breeds as a test? Yeah. That makes sense.

"Kay." I say as I walk over and plant myself on the bed.

Brutus jumps up and lays across my back as I lay down. Angelica and, Frank I think it was, continue to go for each others throat. They're both on their hind legs as they snarl and paw at each other. Sort of like a slap fight.

As I lay here, Lyra grabs my side and shoe. Pulls me from the middle of the bed to the side. And wordlessly walks over to the other side and lays down. With Judas jumping up and nestling between us.

This is nice.

.

.

-30min later

.

.

"And I can't sleep on my back anymore." Lyra lists off as Frank perches himself next to my head.

"Yeah." I say as the Chihuahua lays down and leans against my head. "I don't think I ever really slept on my back. Hey, if you need a good tailor for your, tail. I know a girl." I offer, turning my head to look at her.

"No." She says, Judas in between us and Angelica laying down on top of her.

"Okay." I say as I close my eyes.

"Oh yeah, I haven't had my period in weeks." She says.

"You don't get those." I say as I turn and hug Frank. Who proceeds to try and rip my face off. "You have an estrus cycle."

"Oh." She says. "How bad?"

"Just avoid anyone you would want to sleep with." I say as Frank learns he can't do anything to me.

"I don't want to sleep with anyone." She says.

"Then you'll be fine." I say as I cuddle the pint sized gremlin. "Can I keep Frank."

"No."

Zero hesitation.

.

.

-1 hour later-

.

.

"So he's just, I miss him." I say as I sigh. "I'd do this thing where I put him on my head, and he'd just, latch on and go with the flow."

"What about the other bug?" Lyra asks.

"Bakugo?" I ask with a shrug. "Meh. He was just there. I never really did anything with him."

Lyra doesn't say anything. And instead opts to scratch my ears instead. Pulling me in for a hug as she rests her snout on my head.

*Krsht*

The dogs growl at the door, and Lyra has to grab the Chihuahua's collar to stop him from charging the person entering the room.

It's just Miss Militia.

"Kitsu, Lyra." She says with a nod to us both. "Sorry to barge in."

Lyra is giving Miss Militia a low growl for entering her territory.

"Whatcha need boss lady?" I ask as I roll to my side.

"Just here to tell you that Kid Win has your new hearing aides." She informs me.

Ooh!

I roll off the bed and shoot up. Turning to Lyra before I head out.

"See you later?" I ask.

"Sure." She shrugs. "My teacher is about to show up anyway."

"Kay later!" I say and head out of the room.

Stepping out of the room, I follow MM through the labyrinth like structure of The Rig.

"So, how have you been enjoying your stay?" She asks.

'Small talk then?' I think curiously.

"Eh, it's been alright." I shrug. "I've only been here a day. So, no real opinions yet."

"I suppose that's fair enough." She concedes. "After we get your hearing aides, the researchers wanted to see you in the labs."

"Why?" I asks slowly, suspicion thick in my voice.

"They wanted to test the limits of your Biokinesis." MM says. "They have some ideas they think you could assist with that modern technology can't."

"I don't do nothing for free." I say sternly as we pass a few PRT staff.

"I expect you'll get commemorations on whatever you help make." Miss Militia says helpfully.

"Alright." I say slowly as we approach Chris's workshop. "But I want that in writing!"

Miss Militia types her codes into the keypad, the doors opening with a soft hiss. Inside it's, as messy as you were thinking.

Only thing of any real note, is Jenny sitting on Chris's workbench. Her legs over the side as Chris is tinkering on something in her arm. As in, her arm is open like a panel, and he's messing with wires and stuff inside.

"Hmm?" Jenny hums as she looks up from whatever Chris is doing. "Oh! Hey Kitsu!"

She waves with her other arm, gaining Chris's attention as well. Causing him to look up and lift his goggles.

"Oh, hey Kitsu." He repeats before looking back to Jenny. "One sec, kay?"

"You're good." She says with a casual wave of her non operated hand.

Chris gets up and heads to one of his desks, stepping around scrap and tools as he opens the drawer and pulls out a small red box.

"I know it's not your fault that these things keep breaking." He says as he makes his way over to me. "But please try to make this one last a few months at least."

"I'll try not to get kidnapped or attacked by rogue Wards." I say with a flat expression as I accept the parcel.

"That's not." He says before cutting himself off. "I'm sorry. I'll, just keep some extras around."

"You do dat." I say as I turn my attention to Jenny. "So, what's going on here?"

She perks up at my attention.

"Oh! Well, me and Chris were on a few rounds together, and he noticed I can kinda sorta shift parts of myself. So, he asked about it and offered to see what all I can do! Did you know my eyes can turn into flashlights!?"

"Nope." I say honestly.

I don't know anything about her.

"Her body is almost entirely modular." Chris says as he sits back down in front of her. "Every internal serves multiple functions and has the capacity to rejoin with other systems to-"

"You lost me. Thanks for the hearing aides!" I say and turn for the door, walking past Miss Militia as I do so.

.

.

-Sewer Hideout, 4pm-

.

.

Francis "Trickster" Krouse POV

.

"We just-" I'm cut off by the searing pain in my jaw as Luke sends me spiraling to the floor with a haymaker.

"No!" He yells. "I'm done! Done with your plans! Done with your bullshit! Done with Noelle!"

"Luke!" Jen gasps from her chair. "I get that he's not been the best leader-"

"Love you too Jen." I say softly as I get back up, cradling my sore jaw.

"Shut the fuck up." She says quickly. "But we need to stick together!"

"Fuck that!" Luke barks, causing us to flinch in anticipation of his power that never comes as he swipes his arm in front of him.. "I'm, done! I get that we were friends, but lets face it. We've been nothing since Madison."

"Luke!" Jen yells. "Even if that's true! We're safer together."

"Are we?" Luke scoffs as he paces towards the fridge. "How safe are we, really? Because currently, we're constantly on the run, we've pissed the fucking Endstopper, and likely all of New Wave as well, and that's to say nothing! Of the monster in our basement!"

"Hey!" I finally snap. "You will not! Speak of Noelle like that! We may have taken some risks that-"

"Risks?" He scoffs as he opens the fridge. "No, you took risks. I made a mistake in following you."

That, that honestly hurt. I get that I'm not as good of a leader as Noelle, but, it still hurts. And I fight to keep it from showing.

"I'm done." Luke says as he takes a beer and closes the fridge. "I told you, when you asked me to help you kidnap a little girl, that it was as low as I was willing to go. And you pushed further when I let you convince me to torture said little girl. Now? You want to ask her nicely? Like I suggested? Fuck you, Krouse. I'm, done."

"Luke, I get it." I say as I walk towards him. "I'm a piece of shit, I made some bad calls, but if you'll just-"

My world becomes a blur of pain and a cold wetness. And I can vaguely recognize that I'm on the floor.

"Uke!"

"On!"

"Called, or!"

I slowly get back up to my hands and knees. Staring at the brickwork of the floor. Recognizing the shards of glass and the smell of beer on the wet floor beneath me. As well as a few drops of blood.

"Francis!" Jen says as she wheels over to me. "Are you okay!?"

"Yeah, yeah I'm fine." I groan as I get up. "What, where's Luke?"

"He just left." Jen says softly as I steady myself on my feet. "I, I think he's gone for good."

"Great." I sigh as I run my hand through my hair. "Fuck. Shit, we, damn. Noelle's not gonna be happy."

"Speaking of." Jen says. "She's, she's acting up again. Cody was with her and, she started snapping anytime he said he didn't know when Kitsu would fix her."

"And she doesn't know." I say, more than ask.

"No one wants to be the bearer of bad news." Jen says. "And now, with Luke."

It goes unsaid, that Noelle is nearing another rampage. And afterwards, we'll have to move again. And if we leave Brockton, we leave behind her best chance.

"It all rolls down hill." I say as I pull a cigarette out and light it.

Taking a drag. I start my march out of the room, heading for the exit to the surface.

"Francis? Francis!" Jen calls out as she wheels up to me. "What are you doing!?"

"The only real thing I can do." I puff out as I grab my mask from the table near the makeshift door. "When the ship sinks, the captain goes down with it."

"Krouse, whatever the hell you're thinking of doing it's not smart!" Jen says as I step out the door. "I can tell you that much!"

"Well then." I say as I turn to her. "Guess it's business as usual then. After all, I never was good at campaigns, only skirmishes."

I close the door, and taking one last drag before tossing the cigarette. I put my mask on before stomping out the embers.

.

.

-Sunday, August 15th, The Rig, 9am-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

'Okay. You can do this.' I tell myself as I stand in front of Kitsu's assigned dorm room. 'You've put this off for two days. If watching Mom and Dad has taught you anything, it's that not being direct only leads to fighting.'

Kitsu, she, I know it must've been traumatic for her. But, there is a difference between having the power to decimate someone, and actually doing it. I have the power to make tornados and hurricanes by warping air currents. Doesn't mean I will.

But, she slaughtered those men. Right in front of me! Some of them were actively running away!

Crusader and Stormfront are, forgivable. Stormfront was the orchestrator and had a kill order out on her. And crusader was holding me hostage and threatening my life.

I, don't think I be with someone who would so willingly resort to murder. And the footage of her killing Stormfront? She tortured her before killing her.

A part of me, is scared of her. What if I upset her? What would she do?

I know it's unlikely. She was in a rage. We all do and say things we wouldn't normally do when we're upset.

But, she didn't care.

She murdered a host of people. And just, didn't care!

We, I need to talk to her. But I'm scared of doing so. Not that I think she'll do anything to me. But I'm scared of what I'll find out.

Taking a breath, I knock on the door.

…

…

And again.

…

…

Again.

…

Again.

…

…

Nothing.

"Kitsu!?" I call out. "It's um, it's me!"

…

I go ahead and punch in my emergency access code. Not really supposed to be used unless something major is going down. And the system will immediately flag that I did this. But this counts as an emergency!

She could be hurt! Or, missing! Or, or something!

The door slides open to reveal, an empty room.

Nothing. A bed, a dresser, nothing. None of Kitsu's stuff.

"I'm gonna be in so much trouble for this." I sigh.

*Ring*

And there's my phone. Right on time.

.

.

-Meanwhile, Kitchens-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

So many ingredients! So much stuff to work with! It's awesome!

"Gerald! Mac n Cheese!" I call out as I ring the bell.

A PRT trooper walks up and takes the tray with a nod.

"I undercooked the noodles and added gouda with some thyme." I say excitedly as I leave a piece of paper with the recipe on it. "Tell me what you think!"

*Click*

"Gotta go!" I say and speed off to the mashed potatoes.

I have, eight? Nine? Nine.

Nine different dishes cooking. All to efficiently serve the PRT their own personal meals! As opposed to having a menu of like, four things to choose from that can be pushed out en masse.

"Sasha! Mashed potatoes!" I call out.

Why, you might ask?

"Here you go!" I say cheerfully. "I added mild cheddar cheese, extra butter and garlic!"

Answer: I was bored.

I wake up early, early enough that Mom and Dad were still asleep. And when they did wake up, they immediately had to get to work filing papers and then Mom had to go to work and Dad has to talk to his psychiatrist and go through a whole process for his meds that were lost in the fire.

*Ding*

That's the stew!

Rushing away after giving the recipe, I run over to the four crockpots and drop in the chopped potatoes.

Amy is at the hospital, shocker. And Vicky is playing bodyguard.

"Kitsu." I hear Armsmaster say from the counter. "You are to stop your violations and come with me."

Looks like the kitchen staff tattled on me.

"Hmm, no." I say as I move to the pancakes.

"That was not a request." He says.

Setting the pancakes, chocolate chip, on a plate and setting sliced strawberries on them, I run over to the counter.

"Marcus! Chocolate chip pancakes!" I call out.

My super speed is, kind of busted here. I've served twelve people in five minutes. And I have eight orders still cooking.

*Click*

Seven.

Rushing over to the fryer, I remove the hash browns, move to the stove and toss the eggs with mushrooms on them. And run back to the counter.

"Ferdinand! Your skillet!" I yell.

"This stops now." Armsmaster says before moving to the kitchen door.

I roll my eyes as I hand Ferdinand, or who I assume is Ferdinand, the skillet and paper.

The moment Armsmaster opens the door, I run over to him, pick him up, and place him at the other end of the cafeteria.

Running back to the kitchen just in time for another timer to go off. I go to the other eggs I have boiling in water. Using my illusions, I pull the three eggs out of the water and into a bowl.

"Jerome! Poached eggs!" I shout.

Just a few more to go. Then I'll give the kitchen back. I'm getting bored anyway.

.

.

-9am-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

My heart stays sunk in my chest as Piggot and Miss Militia stare at me. It's been an hour since I was called, and I still haven't come up with something.

I don't dare look up as I finally hear the door open, and the soft footfalls of Kitsu entering the room. Followed by Armsmaster's heavier, armored ones.

"Missy!" The adorable voice of the golden fox shouts as I feel a familiar weight and warmth in my lap.

I can't say anything as my voice is caught in my throat. Her head nuzzling the underside of my jaw and neck affectionately.

"Eh-hmm." Piggot scoffs. "Armsmaster, what took you so long?"

'Good question.' I think as I notice that I've wrapped my arms around Kitsu.

"She seized control of the kitchen." Armsmaster says.

'Wut?' I think plainly.

"Excuse me?" Piggot asks, stone faced as ever despite the information.

An explanation would be nice.

"She kicked the kitchen staff out of the kitchen, and cooked everyone breakfast." Armsmaster says, as monotonous as ever.

'I missed her making me a meal!?' I whine at myself. 'Wait, no! I'm upset at her!'

"Why?" Piggot asks.

"Bored." Kitsu shrugs.

'Who would stop me?' Her words from yesterday ring in my mind.

Who would? With her power and the influence it gives her, she's nearly untouchable. And I'm suddenly reminded of every time she mentioned hurting people. And how she would say it wasn't a joke.

"Kitsu, please remove yourself from Vista." Piggot says. "We need to have a talk."

And my heart sinks again as I remember why I'm here.

"Hmm, fine." Kitsu concedes as she slides out of my lap, and I find myself feeling disappointed at the lack of her weight. "Alright, what's up?"

"Earlier today, Vista broke into your room." Piggot says. "We believed it prudent you knew."

"Why?" Kitsu asks.

My mind blanks at her words.

"Why, did she do it? Or-" Piggot starts.

"Oh I know why she did it." Kitsu says. "What I mean is why is this, like, a meeting? She wanted to see me, I don't have a phone right now. Hence, going to my room."

"She violated protocol and used emergency access codes to invade your private accommodations." Armsmaster says sternly from behind us.

I expect a whole slurry of things. Not, this. I expected her to be upset, sad, irritated, distrustful, anything. Not, expectant? Nonchalant?

"Oh?" Kitsu says with a devious smirk as she looks to me. "You trying to violate my private spaces?"

"Pfft!" Miss Militia snorts as she struggles to contain herself.

Even Piggot is holding her face in her hands as mine burns in mortification.

"Hnnnnn." I let out an involuntary squeal of embarrassment.

"This is serious." Of course Armsmaster is the only one maintaining his composure.

"Armsmaster is correct." Piggot says after taking a breath. Removing her hands from her face, she regains her composure. "You're clearly unconcerned with how she tried to break into your room. But understand that she did so by abusing authority granted to her by the PRT."

"Okay, well, she has permission to be in my room." Kitsu says simply. "So, we good here?"

"Seeing as you clearly are not upset over this incident." Piggot says with a sigh. "You may go."

"Okay!" She says.

We all wait as she sits still. Unmoving from the chair.

"Well?" Piggot says.

"Well what?" Kitsu asks.

"You can leave." Piggot continues.

"Okay." She says cheerfully.

We all wait a few more moments before I realize what she's doing. Piggot said she can leave. Not that she has to.

"Kitsu, just go." I say with a sigh.

"But I don't wanna." She says.

"Leave." Piggot says.

"Why?" Kitsu asks.

"Kitsu, please." I ask as I look towards her.

She looks back at me, her eyes staring into my visor. And for a few moments I feel my heart leap into my chest.

"Fine." She says as she hops down.

For the first time in the last few days, I get a view of just how small she is. That being, her head, lowered, as she got up.

"If you need me I'll be destroy- testing the new combat droids!" She says.

"Wait!" Piggot calls out. "Once we're done here, I need to talk to you."

"Yeah, yeah." She says as she heads out of the room.

The moment Kitsu leaves, Piggot turns her attention back to me.

.

.

-12 minutes later-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Pacing outside the door as I wait, I ponder on why I am even entertaining them. I live here, for now. But I don't need them. One, money. Two, ferry station, three Lung. And four? I'm used to finding my own accommodations. A summer and a half of having my own place isn't going to change that.

I could just leave!

'What would others think?' A small voice in the back of my head whispers.

So? I never cared what others think.

'Mom, Dad, Amy, Missy.' The little voice whispers.

Okay, that's, that's a good point.

The only reason we're in this mess is because I fucked around. And the only reason I fucked around is because I wasn't thinking of anyone but myself. I mean, yeah, I'm not the one who burnt down my house. But if I stuck around, would it have been burnt in the first place?

If I just, thought about the others, would Kratos still be dead? No, he wouldn't.

I miss him. His bulbous little eyes, his unthinking expression, the way he always found new ways to escape his tote. Watching him solve little puzzles I gave him.

As I'm thinking this, Missy walks out of the office escorted by Armsmaster.

Schooling my expression, I rush in and crash into her. Intent on seeing what's wrong with her, as well as distract myself.

"Bragh!" I give a little false roar. "So, what's up?"

"Kitsu, the Director would like to speak with you." Armsmaster says.

"Yeah yeah inna minute." I say as I wave him off as I speak to Missy. "So, whatcha wanna talk about?"

"Kitsu, please listen to the people in charge here." Missy says. "We, we can talk later."

Did I get her in trouble somehow? No, that can't be it. That wouldn't make any sense. If anything I'd get Mom in trouble.

"Um, okay?" I say in confusion. "I'll, meet you in the training room?"

"Sure." She says as she disentangles herself from me.

I watch as she walks away from me. And, it hurts.

'Has, has she been avoiding me?' The thought causes a deep, unfamiliarpain in my chest.

Deciding not to dwell on it, I turn towards the door. Walking back into the office. I walk forth and sit back down in the chair.

"Alright Piggy, whatcha got for me?" I ask.

Is it insulting? Yes. Do I care? Not particularly. She wants me, not the other way around. And, yeah that's it. I just don't care.

"I'll make it quick." She says. "What do I need for you to stay out of trouble while you're here?"

Credit where it's due, she didn't even stutter at the insult.

"Ooh! Am I being bribed?" I ask with a toothy grin.

"Yes." She says.

That wipes the smile off my face.

"Wow, darn." Is all I say. "Didn't think you'd just, come out and say it. Huh, props."

She glowers a bit as she continues.

"If it weren't for modern technology I'd have a pile of paperwork up to my waist that needs to be done by the end of the week." She says irritably. "So I hope you'll be understanding when I say I'm running on low sleep, patience, and tolerance. Name your price, and name it quick or I'll just keep forwarding every complaint to your guardians."

Oh shit. She's serious.

"Video games." I shrug.

"We have that in the commons." She retorts.

"I want an X-box and the newest FPS games. Call of Duty in particular." I specify. "And I want a gaming headset as well."

"Done." She says. "Now go, and stay out my hair."

"Not out of trouble?" I say with another toothy grin.

She glares at me. And let me tell you! She's, actually a little intimidating.

"No." She says lowly. "Leave."

"Yes ma'am." I say as I hurry out of the room.

.

.

-Training room, 10:20am-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"So yeah, we got our first patrol tomorrow." FastTrack says as he sits down a seat away from me.

"That's good to hear." I agree with him, making small talk as I wait for Kitsu.

"Yeah, I'm trying to see if I can get patrol with this other Ward I met in the commons room." He says. "Didn't get her name, but total cutie! Hey, you wouldn't happen to know her?"

A female Ward? There's only two others.

"Hmm, the only other girl here would either be Lyra, or Sophia." I say simply.

"She was, oh!" He suddenly sits up. "There she is!"

Looking over to where he nods, I, get a burning feeling settle in my chest.

"So which one is it?" He asks. "Lyra, or Sophia?"

"Missy!" Kitsu shouts from the door as she rushes over to me for a hug.

"Wow!" FastTrack shouts in surprise. "You're a speedster too!? Nice!"

"Oh, hey Dash." Kitsu says, turning to him while still hugging me. "I'm a bit of everything."

"Uh, h-how do you, who's Dash?" He stutters awkwardly.

"Hmm?" She hums as she stops hugging me. "Oh! I don't. Never said anything. You're, Fastrack? Right?"

She just broke the unwritten rules by accident. Again. But seriously? A speedster named Dash? How on the nose could you get? It's like if, I got nothing.

"Fast, Track." He says awkwardly. "But um, yeah. So, um, is that a headband?"

I feel my shoulders quiver in anger at there exchange.

"What headband?" Kitsu asks as she flicks her ears. "Sorry, I'm a bit, unique."

She says with a toothy grin. Flashing her fangs as she moves her tail to cover her front, and her eyes sharpen.

"Oh, um." He tries awkwardly. "That's awesome! So, is that a breaker form, changer power or?"

'Can't she see he's trying to flirt with her? In front of me!?' I think as I get an ugly, bitter feeling fills my gut.

"Nope!" She says as she starts to sway in place. "All natural baby! Case Fifty Three."

'She didn't see it with you.' I remind myself.

"I didn't think Case Fifty Three's were suppose to be so pretty?" He says with a smile.

THAT'S IT!

"Hey FastTrack!" I say as I stand up. "How about a little spar? I'm bored of just standing around."

"Hmm?" He says as he tilts his head towards me. "I thought you were waiting for someone?"

"Yeah well, I'm bored." I say weakly before getting an idea. "Hey Kitsu! You can be ref!"

"Ooh! Ooh! Do I get a whistle!?" She asks excitedly, her eyes lighting up as she hops up and down.

"Use your illusions." I say as I start walking down towards the training area.

"Illusions?" FastTrack asks.

"To the arena!" Kitsu yells. "May bonds of brotherhood be forged in the fiery spirit of blood and chaos!" She says before running off.

God she's cute when she's hyped up.

.

.

-2 minutes later-

.

.

I take my spot on the other end of the empty training room. From what I know, FastTrack is a highspeed mover, similar to velocity. Only he can still hit you.

"Are you ready!" Kitsu screams.

"Ready and set!" FastTrack says as he bounces on his feet, switching from one foot to the other.

"Sure." I say.

"On the count of three!" Kitsu yells. "Onetwothree!"

*RRRRMMM!*

I step aside as FastTrack ragdolls past me and crumbles against the wall behind me. Having tripped on a raised bump in the floor I made.

The wall warps down to encase him, but he gets up quick enough to avoid it trapping him.

Thinking quickly, I lower the floor around me to make a pitfall. And, he falls in.

This time I close it off before he thinks of something to escape.

"Um, Missy wins!" Kitsu yells.

That, felt good. I needed that. A nice, clean takedown. Although it honestly felt, a little underwhelming. If I'll admit. But, that's how I prefer to do it.

No long, drawn out fights. No, dragging things out. Short, sweet, simple. That's how I like things.

…

I just realized the joke.

"Can you make sure he's alright?" I ask the little terror as my warping undoes itself.

"Sure." She shrugs as she walks over to the red armored boy who is slowly emerging out of the ground with an unimpressed look on his face.

"That was cheap." He accuses.

"It was effective." I counter.

"It was boring." Kitsu says as she reaches up and places a hand on his cheek.

'Don't agree with him in front of me!' I scream internally.

"Oh, you some sort of nurse too?" FastTrack asks.

"Meh, kinda." Kitsu shrugs as she lets her hand drop. "You're fine. Not even any bruises."

"You sure?" He asks in a flirty manner, making my blood boil back up. "How about a kiss for my bruised ego?"

'OH FUCK NO!'

I march over quickly. Startling Kitsu and FastTrack as I grab Kitsu.

"Um, Mis-mrph!" She squeaks in surprise as I pull her in for a kiss.

I hold her tightly against me as she eventually relaxes in my arms. At some point she returns my embrace as I glare at FastTrack through my visor. Enjoying his slack jawed look of surprise.

Imagine the windows error sound. Now make it a human expression. Yeah, that's what I'm seeing on him.

'Fuck, off.' I command in my head.

"I uh, okay, yeah. Now it makes sense." FastTrack says awkwardly as he starts to turn around. "I'll uh, talk later? Talk later."

I wait for him to leave through the doors before separating from Kitsu with a gasp.

Looking back down to the flustered girl. Red faced, half lidded eyes and panting. Tail wagging up a storm. I realize I just fucked myself.

"You, really missed me, huh?" She asks shyly.

How am I supposed to segue to her actions at the house, from that?

"Um, yeah." Is all I can find myself saying.

"Hmm." She hums with a smile before resting her head on my chest. "I missed you too." She says softly.

I'm, so screwed. Well, maybe, maybe it was a one time thing? Maybe Kitsu was just so upset that she flipped.

Besides, after the fight I, sort of got my frustration out. Kind of. I guess I was just upset and bottling everything up.

'Why does it feel like I'm trying to convince myself?'

We still need to have that talk. I'll just, have to find another time.

I, I love her. And, and I want her. She's the only one in my life that makes me feel, appreciated. She makes me feel like I'm more than just some mascot for the PRT to wave around because I'm cute. Or some burden that's only useful when fighting for alimony.

And I don't want to lose that.

.

.

-Warehouse Hideout, 11:23am-

.

.

Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane POV

.

Sitting in my swivel chair, legs kicked up on a stool as I read the latest from the news on my phone. Seems Mechanic died in hospice, his injuries too extensive for Panacea to heal in time before he passed.

Nevertheless, I'm not relaxing because I'm not a fool. He may be dead, yes. But the declaration of his passing and his time of death are hours apart. Either the PRT are just massively incompetent, which, they are. But there's another option, and that's that they're covering something up.

I'd be a fool to not assume the worse. That Mechanic was kept alive and interrogated before being allowed to die.

Which is why my office is empty save for the chair, and the stool. Everything has been moved. Every hideout that Mechanic even knew about is being torn down and turned into soup kitchens or shelters. While everything in them is being moved.

There are enough abandoned buildings in the slums to suit our needs. And the new homeless establishments are a popular move. Skidmark was smart in that he understood how he needed the people on his side to maintain territory. He just did so through an astronomical level of hedonism. Gave everyone an escape from this bleak world.

I still do that. Snowflame keeps the drugs coming and Mush has more than a few parties going on. Just not on the level that it was before.

I, I keep the shelters clean and the kitchens stocked. Skidmark gave everyone an escape, but it led to a massively disorganized operation. I needed Carnage and Permafrost to keep people listening. They served their purpose long enough to clean the area up and keep Mechanic around for as long as I could.

Mechanic.

He was my lynchpin. The one I needed to stay around. And now, he's gone. His conscience finally caught up to him.

"Scarecrow!" A loud, boisterous voice echoes through the cold, empty warehouse.

"Hmm, they're early." I muse as I get up.

The little group of wannabe super villains.

I walk to my door as the one known as Charybdis keeps up his incessant yelling. Demanding I come out.

"Well, well, we-" I start as I walk out of my office on the second floor.

"Can it you world war one reject!" The blue camo covered man yells from below. "You promised a cure! Circe is coughing up blood again!"

"I offered, a treatment." I say as I pace along the catwalk, running my hands along the railing. "You assumed it was a cure."

"Boss, there's a sniper in a grey jumpsuit adjacent to the warehouse." One of my men says into the comms built into my mask. "He's aimed at the top right window just past your office."

'My discipline is paying interest it seems.' I think as my mask hides a growing smile.

I stop pacing just before I past the walls of my former office. Looking back down to Charybdis, I decide to goad him a bit.

"Well?" I say as I start to pace back to my office.

"Come down here and fight me!" He demands suddenly. "If you won't give me a cure then I'll beat it out of you!"

He wants me to move in line of the sniper. The only way down is either hopping nine feet to the floor, or walking past the windows and down the stairs.

"Hmm, no." I say as I lean both elbows on the railing. Putting my head in one hand as I stare down at him. "I have nothing to gain by fighting you other than bragging rights."

"How about this?!" He shouts. "You win! I work for you! How's that sound?!"

'Oh, oh that is rich!' I start chuckling at idiot's words. 'Oh, oh it's too good!'

"What's so funny!?" He demands.

Slapping my neck, unleashing an aerosolized steroid. I jump down and land on the concrete floor of the empty warehouse. My reinforced muscles absorbing the shock and making feel as though I'm a child hopping on the sidewalk.

Charybdis visibly reals back in shock as I march forth and pull out another vial of the treatment for Circe's affliction.

"Because you already do." I say as I stand not three feet from him.

Not hearing anything else from him, I continue. Pacing around him as I hold the vial between my fingers.

"You already work for me. You and your friends. You need my help. I want your labor. I don't get what I want? Circe dies." I say as I pace back around to the front of him. "Now, this one works a little bit better. It'll stave off the effects, for seventy hours. I'm going to be busy for the next few days you see. And I can't have you calling me every day."

"You, you're a rotten, horrid man." He says with a shaky voice.

"Yes well, most employees don't like their boss." I say with a shrug. "So I suppose it fits."

"You won't get away with this." He says.

"My god man." I say tiredly. "Can you be any more cliché? If you're going to do this whole big guy hero act, at least come up with your own lines."

He grits his teeth audibly through his bandana. And I feel that familiar rush of elation at how much control I have over him.

"Nothing? That it?" I say tauntingly before holding the vial up. "Well then, I suppose you'll want this? Yes? Say it."

"Yes." He grits out almost painfully.

"Yes, what?" I say with a tilt of my head.

"Yes, sir." He finally says, the visible parts of his face burning red.

"That's what I thought." I say as I pat his cheek, enjoying the flinch as I take his other hand and place the vial in it. "I'll see you in three days."

I walk past him, my boots being the only sound present in the empty building. Calmly making my way towards the exit, I stop just as I put my hand on the door handle.

"Oh, and you can tell your sniper to stand down." I say before opening the door, and leaving, but not before one last word. "You can keep the warehouse! Consider it a signing bonus!"

.

.

-The Rig, Cafeteria, 1:30pm-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"So I tell Dash, no he can't join track and field." Helen says as she pokes her salad.

"I had a similar talk with Vicky a few years ago." I say as I look through the insurance documents on my phone. "After she got her powers, she was barred from sports. And it was a whole thing."

"Okay." Sarah says as she finally gets here. "I got a list of available houses within your price range, and well." She says as she sets a binder down.

"Let me guess, none are close to my work?" I ask plainly.

"Closest one is a forty minute drive." She says with an apologetic smile. "And it's only three bedrooms."

"Damnit." I curse.

That's more than double the distance, and not enough rooms.

"I remember when we had to look for new houses." Helen says.

Helen is, as far as capes are concerned, a veteran. Operating before the PRT was in full authority and long before the unwritten rules. And as such, her identity isn't much of a secret.

"Houses?" I ask, putting emphasis on the plural.

"When we went to ground after the riots in Seattle, Bob struggled to maintain a job." She confesses. "I won't get too into it, it's in the past. But, a bleeding heart and a temper lost him a lot of jobs and outed us on more than one occasion."

Right. The northwest had a phase where the parahumans were universally feared. Regardless of whether they were hero or villain. At one point in the late nineties, riots broke out and several capes were killed by mobs.

It wasn't until the PRT got a decent foothold in 2004 that things calmed down.

"I get that." Sarah adds. "Neil had to take anger management classes after he snapped at a coworker and put a hole in the side of a forklift."

"How is Neil by the way?" I ask, I know he got that promotion, but not much else.

"He's been good. Great actually." Sarah says. "Now that he's the foreman and his pay is better."

Right. Neil and Sarah had a thing about Sarah making more money.

It wasn't that they were fighting or anything. Just that Neil was raised conservatively and his parents kept giving him shit about making less money than his wife.

I don't know the full details and I don't want to.

"Oh that's right." Helen says. "You're a lawyer as well, and you're an accountant. What's that like? Juggling heroics, jobs, and kids?"

"Tiring." I sigh.

"It's not too bad." Sarah says. "My kids are mostly independent and outside of emergencies I just keep a patrol schedule with Neil. Sometimes Eric or Crystal will join us."

"What about you?" Helen asks.

"Same." I answer. "Only difference is that I have three to keep track of. Though, Vicky is the only one I have any trouble with in that regard."

"Not Kitsu?" Sarah asks.

"Nope." I say with a shrug. "Despite her power and free spirit she." I pause as I think of the words to use. "I don't really think she cares for heroics. Patrol usually leads to a restaurant or the park. And outside of that she stays at home."

"Eric is the same way." Sarah says. "Neil thinks he needs to get out more. But, he's making money off of playing video games so, we don't really push it too much. So long as he's happy and not wasting his life."

"I wish my kids were like that." Helen sighs as she rests her head in her hand. "Dash takes after his father, energetic, brash and impulsive. And Violet is in her rebellious phase."

"Do you not have a job?" Sarah asks. "I assumed with how you had to hide after the riots and."

"No, no I haven't worked a normal nine to five since I was a teenager." Helen says. "Once me and Bob got married and I had Violet, I became a stay at home mom."

"My husband is the same way." I say agreeingly. "Once we had Vicky he became a stay at home husband and took care of her while I finished law school."

Not that he did a good job. And any time I was home I took care of her.

"How is Vicky nowadays?" Sarah asks. "I haven't heard much outside of the incident with Mechanic and Hookwolf."

"I don't know." I say tiredly. "With everything that's happened lately I haven't been able to keep tabs on any of them."

Hell, I need to get Amy to cut back on the hospital hours, again. The amount of hours she's pulling is absurd. And Vicky? If she isn't patrolling, she's with Dean. If she isn't with Dean, she's with Amy at the hospital.

Speaking of, hospital. I should probably check on Kitsu. Mark mentioned she was depressed over Kratos. And bored.

Things happen when she gets bored. And I still need to talk to her about what happened when she was kidnapped.

"At least you don't have a lot of art of you on the internet." Helen says with a hint of disgust. "I've had to lock all the devices in the house from PHO and other sites because I don't want my kids seeing any of it."

'What'd I miss?' I think as I return to the conversation.

"I get called, Photon, Mommy." Sarah says with a glare. "Half the time, in public."

"What the hell are we talking about?" I ask.

Helen looks to me with a tired expression before explaining.

"Just how people like to, nevermind." She says with a shake of her head. "Let's change the subject."

"Gladly." Sarah says as she turns to me. "You know, if you opened your budget up a little bit. You could get a nicer house."

I turn my gaze to her. Wondering what she could be talking about.

"Sarah, I already gave you my range." I explain. "If you're thinking I skimped out because I'm trying to save money, I'm not."

"I know that." She says before almost whispering. "But you do have quite a bit to dig into. Don't you?"

'What is she talking about?' I think questioningly. 'I don't have any savings aside from an emergency fund. And the girl's college fund.'

My confusion must be plain to see. Because Sarah continues to explain.

"Don't you have access to almost half a billion?" Sarah continues.

I feel my temper rise as I finally piece together what she's talking about.

"Three hundred million and it's not mine, it's my d-Kitsu's money that she earned! I'd need her to approve of any use." I hiss back.

"Carol, come on." Sarah gives me a flat look. "I've met the girl. She'd let you buy a spa house for yourself in exchange for a headpat. Much less a house that you and her will be living in."

And I refuse to abuse that trust and love.

"I am not taking her money for something I can do myself." I stand my ground.

"Three hundred million!" Sarah reiterates. "What is she going to do with it when she hits eighteen?"

Not willing to entertain this line of dialogue. I decide to cut it short.

"I'm done here." I say as I stand up and leave my food.

I think it's time I check on Kitsu.

.

.

-Meanwhile, The Rig, Kitsu's room-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I'll admit, I missed this.

"Hmmm, you've been getting tips from Lyra, haven't you?" Kitsu asks as I find the divot at the base of her ears, eliciting a whimpering squeal of delight from her. One that sends butterflies throughout my stomach.

And sends a heat throughout me as she wiggles in my lap. Her tail wagging up a storm.

We need to talk. I know that! But, I just can't find the right time. And, I don't want to have a heavy talk so soon after all that she went through.

I stop my massage of her head as she licks my chin.

"Did you just?" I say accusingly.

"Maybe~" She says teasingly as she puts a finger to her bottom lip. "Whatcha gonna do about it?"

And I really don't want to ruin this dynamic.

"Hmm, what do you think I'll do?" I say suggestively as I get an evil idea.

"Hmm, I expect you'd get revenge." She says coyly with a fanged, toothy grin.

"Well, you'd be right." I say as I lean in towards her.

Before suddenly putting my hands at her sides and tickling her.

"Wah! Ah! No!" She squeals. "Ah! Nooo! You're, s-sup-ah! Supposed to kiss me!"

"I can do that later!" I challenge as we tumble around on her bed. Her trying to wiggle and squirm away from me, with me pinning her down and drawing out more delicious giggles from her.

"Aaaaggghh!" She gargles. "Nohohohoho! Mercy!"

"None!" I laugh as we wind up on our sides.

"Aaah!" Kitsu giggles. "Abuse! Animal cruelty! Aaaahhh!"

"Suffer!" I say as I move to tickle her feet, grabbing the edges of her socks to torment her further.

"No! NO!" She shouts at me as I struggle to worm the articles off of her. "Missy Stop!"

She says that last bit with enough force in her voice to startle me.

Taking advantage of my brief pause, she swings her legs out of my grasp. And, looking back behind me. She rolls her socks back up all the way.

"No." She says finally. "This is what you're supposed to do."

She grabs my shoulders and pulls me in for a kiss. Her soft, warm lips on mine as she wraps her arms around my shoulders.

She tries to lean up and push me over. Before I surprise her by pushing back harder and back onto the bed.

"Hey!" She squeaks, separating from our kiss. "I'm on top!"

"Not right now you're not." I say with a teasing grin.

I feel something light up inside me as, rather than refute me or start a wrestling match where she pins me down like the first time I challenged her. She just blushes and doesn't say anything.

Feeling spurred on by her silence, I keep going.

"Well?" I say with a grin as I hook an arm under her back. "Nothing?"

"I-" She squeaks out before I silence her with a kiss.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

'Oh fuck that was hot!' I think as we kiss. 'This is hot!'

My heart is hammering in my chest as she holds me tight against her. And my toes curl as I feel her tongue poke my lips.

I let her in. Allowing her tongue to run along my teeth as I try and push it back. I'm failing miserably as I'm realizing I'm, a bit of a sub.

I always pictured myself as being the dominant personality in a relationship. But there's just something about being able to let go in the moment and let the other take control.

And I do just that. Holding Missy tight as she parts from me for air. Staring into her commanding green eyes and panting face. She develops a smug, mischievous smirk that would feel more in place on me rather than her. And I feel like we've gone far enough.

"You're so cute." She whispers with a smirk. "I could get used to seeing you all flustered like this."

"I, I think-" I try to say as she goes down and licks my neck. Silencing me with a shudder.

"There, my revenge." She says with a giggle.

"I think, that was a bit more than revenge." I counter with a crack in my voice.

She stares at me with a judging gaze. One that looks like a mix between contentment, and appreciation.

"You have no clue what you do to me." She breathes out in a husky tone. "How much I love you, it hurts."

'Holy shit!' I feel something in me snap at her tone. 'Missy going Dommy.'

She pushes back up to stare me in the eye with a smoldering glare that sends my heart thumping.

"How much I missed you, and how you-"

*Krssht*

We both freeze, staring at each other wide-eyed as we hear the door open.

The doors are digitally locked, so there's only a small number of people it could be.

Best case? It's MM and she just walks out. Worst case?

"What was rule three?" I hear worst case scenario call out from the door. "No hanky panky."

"We didn't do anything!" I defend as I try and sit up. Only to fall over Missy as I just succeed in shoulder checking us into each other.

"Uh, huh." I see Mom glare at me. "So, is that why Missy's hair is a mess, and you're currently a tangled pile of limbs?"

"We were just kissing!" I say as I manage to get up. My face burning. "That's it!"

"Sure, uh huh." Mom says as she crosses her arms. "Okay, Missy! Wanna add anything?"

Flicking an ear towards her, I hear her take one of my pillows, and shove her head under it.

"At least she has the decency to not try and lie." Mom dead tones at me.

"It's not a lie." I say weakly. "We, still have our clothes. We were just kissing. And, and, look at us!"

"Mhmm." She nods. "And what would I be looking at had I walked in ten minutes later?"

I, can't bullshit that with a straight face. So, brutal honesty!

"Depends." I say as I use my biokinesis to force myself to be calm. "I'd give it a coin toss between seeing us awkwardly avoiding looking at each other. Or something magical."

The high pitched squeal of panic Missy gives out behind me is almost worth the sense of impending doom!

.

.

-1hr later, Boardwalk, 4pm-

.

.

Vergil "Static Shock" Hawkins POV

.

Getting turned around, again, I sigh as I give up and call console.

"Console command, this is Kitsu." I hear a bored, high pitched voice say.

"The hell?" I exclaim into the comms.

.

.

-Monday, August 16th, The Rig, Commons room, 9am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Sooo, I get console duty from five to eight now. And Missy and I aren't allowed in my room alone. Which, yeah, I guess we were never allowed. But, fuck off!

For now.

"And I'll show up at your house and kill your mom!" A squeaker rages.

I mean, I'm a squeaker. But at least I'm good.

"Your grandma gets bullied at bingo night because of you." I retort. "Doesn't she?"

"You're a fake girl pervert bitch!" He screams, and I just laugh.

I got my X-box. And my games.

"Holy shit. Did he finally shut up?" PsychoZacper09 says. "Finally."

"Give it a few minutes." G3rm4n sighs. "Kid probably had to get a juice box."

"Hello?" A woman's voice says over the mic.

"Brat got his mom!" Darkria333 laughs.

"Yeah, you all should be ashamed of yourselves." She starts going off. "Adult men bullying a fourteen year old boy!"

"I'mma stop you right there." I cut her off. "I'm a girl, I'm younger than your son, and he called me the B word."

What? Never cuss in an argument, and you have the high ground.

"…"

"Hellooo?" Darkria333 asks.

"Prove it." The mother says suddenly. "Prove you're not some pervert using a voice changer."

"Okay, gimme a sec." I say as I look over to a wide eyed Dean. "Hey, gimme yer phone." I say as I hold my hand out.

"Um, sure?" He says as he hands me his phone.

"Okay, hey lady. You got internet access?"

I just realized how dumb that question was.

"Yes." She says prudently.

"Okay, go to PHO." I say as I log into my account on Dean's phone.

"…"

"Okay? What does this have to do with anything?" She says.

"Look up my tag name." I say as I sit back and wait.

"…"

I then take a pic of the TV and post it saying. (Find it yet?)

"…"

"…"

"Had to take a leak, what'd I miss?" RosyHark05s says.

This is followed by the sounds of screaming and crying sounding out from the squeaker's mic.

It's, hard to make out. But, sounds like someone's getting spanked!

"Holy shit this is awesome." Darkria333 says between chuckles.

He's an observational troll. He won't do anything. But he'll always be the first to provide peanut gallery commentary.

"Are we, gonna queue up the next match?" Rion0ld0 asks.

"In a minute." I say into the mic. "I'm listening to this."

"Shit kid, get some therapy." G3rm4n says.

"My therapist went insane." I say with a grin.

"I don't know if you're joking or not." Dean says from the sidelines. "And that scares me."

"I, I would like to apologize to all of you, for, for my behavior." The squeaker starts saying through sobs. Clearly being forced to say this. "And I would like to like to say sorry for calling you, a b-bitch."

Ooh. Someone got biblical on their child!

"What about me?" Darkria333 asks.

"Um. I uh." The boy stutters.

"What about you?" The mother demands, sounding very unhappy.

"Little shit called me a bitch ass N***er." Darkria333 says.

"The FUCK!?" The mother yells. "JOHNATHAN LORENZO TIDWELL! GONE! YOU HERE ME! YOU WILL NEVER TOUCH A CONTROLLER IN THIS HOUSE AGAIN!"

"He's lying!" The boys voice cracks before his connection is cut and he drops out of the lobby.

…

"So we doing team death match or capture the flag?" I ask. "Also, he never said the N word."

"I know." Darkria333 says.

…

"I'm voting team deathmatch." I say.

"I'm, leaving." Dean says as he gets up. "Can I have my phone back?"

Quickly logging out of my PHO, I toss the phone back to him. He catches it as the game queues up a round of capture the flag in Terminal.

I hate this map!

Oh well, going with my M1014 loadout. Smokescreen and riot shield secondary.

.

.

-5 minutes later-

.

.

*Thunk* *Thunk* *Thunk*

A guy tries to knife me as I keep him blocked in the corner with my riot shield.

I'm cornering him and a care package is set to drop here. My care package.

In

3

2

I step away and let him move.

1

Just in time for the care package to squish him as he tries to charge me.

"I think there should be an achievement for that." I say into the mic.

"You're evil, you know that?" PsychoZacper09 says.

I throw a smoke down and loot a claymore off of the guy. Then, place the claymore down near the care package and dip.

"Hey, don't go near the care package." I warn my team. "It's booby trapped."

"Noted." G3rm4n says.

Not long after I say that, I get the tick and little crosshairs that let me know I just got a kill.

Well that didn't take long.

*Baquick*

The X-box notification goes off as I receive another message.

That makes three for this match.

I love listening and reading those. And then just responding with, your mom.

After the match, I check the message to see it's, Eric?

(Since when do you play?)-TheShield

I go ahead and respond back.

(Since you left your copy at my place.)-ToyFoxy

(THATS WHERE IT WAS!?)-TheShield

(Well, not anymore)-ToyFoxy

…

(Anyway, wanna join my stream sonetime? My viewers enjoyed the way you killed me with a care package.)-TheShield

(That was you! Ha!)-ToyFoxy

(Yes or No?)-TheShield

(I'm not allowed off the Rig)-ToyFoxy

…

(I'll think of something.)-TheShield

Hmm, technically.

(I'll just get my own set up.)-ToyFoxy

(Do you have any clue what goes into making a streaming set up?)-TheShield

(Nope!)-ToyFoxy

…

(I'll get a checklist)-TheShield

(Fun!)-ToyFoxy

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

? POV

.

"Boss." Compress says. "We got the cars revved up and ready."

'Good.'

'Time to move.'

'You know what to do.'

'Soon.'

The voices all command. All demand. Demanding. Commanding. Guiding Leading.

"Soon." I say. "Mobilize, and move out."

'That's it.'

'Good man.'

'The power to rival the new gods.'

'To BE a new god.'

'Caution is still needed.'

They never stop. They won't let me think. I tried.

So long. Trying, fighting, hindering. Spiraling, losing.

"Let me know when the others are ready." I say, earning a slight reprieve as they reward my compliance with silence.

Sweet, beautiful silence.

"Very well sir." Compress says before he closes the door.

I wish this would last. But it won't. It never does. Never ends.

Stop thinking. Enjoy the silence while it lasts. Before they-

'There is no escape.'

Not again!

'We are always here.'

Make it stop! Make them stop!

Make us all stop!

'You can't.'

I just want an end!

'There is no end.'

'Not even in death.'

'After all.'

"You are us." I say as I laugh, crying at the green eyed reflection in the mirror.

Every day. I lose more of who I was to the torrent of voices.

What was my name?

"The butcher." We answer.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

PRT Dossier

.

.

.

Mr. Incredible

Civilian Identity: Robert "Bob" Parr

B-class

Age: 43

Sex: Male

Gender Identity: Male

Sexual orientation: Heterosexual

Height: 6'7"

Weight: 350lbs

Ethnicity: Caucasian

Classification:

Trump/Brute: 8

Mr. Incredible posses a unique power that can only be described as an enhanced ability to condition his own body. Able to gain and maintain a physique far beyond what should be considered humanly possible. It is to be noted that similar to normal humans, if his physique is not maintained through regular exercise and exertion, he will gradually lose his accumulated strength and resilience.

Mr. Incredible's feats of strength show that he has no true limit to his strength. And in theory, could continually grow stronger had age not been a factor.

.

Personal Profile: Robert Parr first triggered sometime in the late eighties. Due to the nature of his power and its ability to give a gradual increase to his strength, it is impossible to determine exactly when his powers manifested. He started going out in costume at the age of twenty five in 1992 as The Blue Bulldozer. Where he eventually renamed himself in 1993 as Mr. Incredible.

His feats of heroism are too numerous to list down in a brief summary. Just know that at some point, he and Elastigirl married, and went to ground after an anti-parahuman riot broke out in Seattle in the late nineties. It would be ten years before they returned to heroics. Though Mr. Incredible still maintained a streak of vigilantism during this time.

Mr. Incredible is one of the most senior heroes on record. Having nearly twenty years of experience.

.

.

Mrs. Incredible: formerly Elastigirl

Civilian Identity: Helen Parr

C-class

Age: 41

Sex: Female

Gender Identity: Female

Sexual orientation: Heterosexual

Height: 5'8"

Weight: 125lbs

Ethnicity: Caucasian

Classifications:

Changer: 6

Brute: 4

Mrs. Incredible's powers consist of hyper elasticity, able to stretch her body out to a hard limit of 300 ft, and a minimum of 1mm. It is noted that this comes with an increased resistance to blunt trauma as her body contains dilatant properties.

.

Personal Profile:

Having triggered in 1995, Mrs. Incredible, (Elastigirl at the time) would go on to be one of the cornerstone heroes before the riots in Seattle forced her to ground. While she does not have as many feats of heroics as her spouse, it is to be noted that she is far more strategic and known to cause minimal property damage.

She entered a decade long period of retirement after the riots in Seattle. Unlike her husband, she did not participate in any vigilantism.

Like her spouse, her experience is invaluable.

.

.

Invisiline

Civilian Identity: Violet "Vi" Parr

A-class

Age: 16

Sex: Female

Gender Identity: Female

Sexual orientation: Heterosexual

Height: 5'5"

Weight: 94lbs

Ethnicity: Caucasian

Classification:

Stranger: 4

Shaker: 5

Invisiline shows an ability manipulate her own gravitational field to produce two effects, one being the warping of light around her in a manner that renders her invisible to the naked eye. The process is, to her, seemingly "instinctual"

The other manner in which this ability manifests itself is high resistant, weightless orbs that are highly versatile in their use. From trapping opponents to shielding allies and civilians and even using them as blunt weaponry.

Personal Profile: [Redacted] at the request of Mr. and Mrs. Incredible.

.

.

FastTrack

Civilian Identity: Dashiell "Dash" Parr

B-class

Age: 13

Sex: Male

Gender Identity: Male

Sexual orientation: Heterosexual

Height: 4"7'

Weight: 90lbs

Ethnicity: Caucasian

Mover: 7

Brute: 2

Speculative Trump

FastTrack has the ability to move at high speeds, his top speed is currently unknown as it is constantly increasing. Whether this is due to his power growing with his physical development or he has a similar power to his father, is as of yet unknown.

FastTrack has a brute rating that allows him to run at high speeds without causing serious injury to himself, but that is it. He can still be hurt be running into something hard enough, though most collisions only seem to cause mild disorientation. This is speculated to be a form of dilatancy inherited from his mother.

.

Personal Profile: [Redacted] at the request of Mr. and Mrs. Incredible.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Transcript of Gods of Neo Wavism: Amy

.

.

(The video opens up to reveal a sandy blonde man in a red tee shirt, sharp green eyes, and green scales running up his neck to stop at his cheeks.)

Hey guys! Harold here, yes, my name is weird we all know. What can I say? My parents were weird and yes, I was bullied. We all know this.

Anyway, as it stands at the time of this video being uploaded, there are twelve million people in the world. All of different ethnicities and with that, beliefs. With the most widely accepted be that of Neo Wavism, and the pantheon of Neos gods.

The gods are widely seen as guiding figures in the Neos mythology. Guiding, leading, and directing us through natural events, signs, or more directly through their teachings.

This can best be seen in the Tired Lady herself. Amy the Supervisor, or as some know her, Panacea the Healer.

One of the three great innovators. It is said that Amy guided the creativity of Kitsu, and restrained the wanton enthusiasm of Riley. In essence, she was the hand that held, Kitsu was the mind that drove, while Riley was the tool that crafted.

Now despite being one of the three great innovators, we know surprisingly little about Panacea. She's always mentioned, always referenced and always revered. For her tireless pursuit of the people's health, and for her near self destructive insistence on helping those around her.

Amy is said to be behind every miraculous recovery. Every sudden case of someone waking up from a cold, healthy as a Rodentia. Is Panacea's blessing made real.

A common saying goes, you pray to Amy to get healthy, you pray to Kitsu to stay healthy, and your doctor prays to Riley.

That last one is a double meaning. Doctors need patients, and so Bonesaw creates them, but doctors are known to ask Riley for guidance when they struggle with patients. Fun little tid bit for ya.

Now Amy, while she is regarded as a central figure in the pantheon, is almost always depicted as being covered up in some form. Whether that be a hood hiding her face, her back being turned, or being placed behind someone else. She is almost never the forefront.

And that's because of her symbolism. She doesn't heal for recognition, she heals because it is right. And keeping in line with this, she is often depicted as constantly being in the shadow of her sister, Vicky. The goddess of battle and glory.

Yes, Panacea is often depicted as always being in glory's shadow. You don't often hear tales of the heroic doctor, or the brave medic, or the selfless nurse. The healer will almost always be behind the fighter.

The healer, is to heal for others. They are never to seek their own fame. In fact, despite being the goddess of healing, there is the tale detailing how she cannot heal, herself. And that none would target her, for she did not discriminate who she tended to.

The very motto of the Order Panacea, is "omnibus, ad aliorum salutem." Or, "All things, for the health of others."

The clergy of the Order Panacea actually look down on doctors and surgeons who seek fame. Believing that excessive pride only courts Kitsu's mischief. And as the saying goes, Fear the lengths Kitsu goes for a laugh. For by drawing attention to yourself and spitting on her sister's tenant of selflessness, Kitsu is all to willing to give you a reality check.

If it seems like I'm mentioning the other Neos gods a lot, it's because that's just how seldom Amy is mentioned or talked about without the others being mentioned as well. In keeping in theme with her ideals of selflessness, there are almost no tales of Amy on her own. They always involve another of the Neos gods, or the Nine Evils.

Or at least not that I could find. If there are, and you have sources, let me know in the comments below. Seriously guys, I do read the comments. Every one. They're like catnip to me. If, I was Feline, or, Vulpine.

You get the point.

Moving on, there is one tale that is well known. That doesn't feature any other Neos god or Evil.

The refuser.

Now, the refuser is told in many ways, across many cultures. He, or she, is a stubborn fool. One who injures themselves, or is injured by another. And they scorn Amy. Refusing her help, to their own detriment. Whether it be pride, irritation, or something else. They refuse Panacea's help, and suffer for it. From this, comes a saying.

Scorn the healer, scar yourself. For there is no helping the fool, the arrogant, or the penitent.

…

I got nothing to really segue, so, here's todays spons-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Skip.

"Hmm, been a few decades since I talked to Amy." I muse to myself. "Wonder what she's up to."

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N it was alluded to before (And I straight up forgot to mention it properly) But Kitsu has paw pads on her feet. Like a dog, or a fox. Toe beans!

She is absurdly self conscious about it. And Mark once noted that he assumes she has sensitive feet, due to how he never sees her without foot coverings.

That's why she got so up in arms over Missy trying to tickle her feet.

Oh, and Missy wasn't about to lose her V card, she was about to vent all her pent up frustrations after feeling like she had something over Kitsu.

Kitsu, on the other hand, misread everything. Missy was unconsciously putting more strength in her movements than she realized. And Kitsu thought she was trying to pin her down.

Missy just also recognized how compromising their situation looked when someone walked in.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas moving forward. I especially love it when you guys speculate or make guesses as I do use them. And even when I don't, they still give me ideas.

.

.

.

Find in newb's-grotto at the discord!

.

Link to the discord: discord. gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, macdjord and 130 others
Newb to the game
Jul 18, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 66 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#510
A/N: Boredom

Alt Title: Kitsu's XBOX account got suspended on accusations of cheating. That's all you need to know.

.

.

Still on with the 4 comments deal
.

YeTianshi: oh it's not gonna get glossed over. The issue is that Missy is emotionally dependent on Kitsu for validation. And on top of that, Missy has an established tendency to bottle up personal issues. But, we all know that can only hold out for so long.

And remember! Conflict Drives! God I hate those! It's such a cop out Wildbow used to explain irrational decisions. Humans are irrational enough god damnit!

Anyway, this is a classic case of "I don't want to talk about the issue because I'm scared of the answer so I'll ignore it in the hopes that it'll go away on its own!"

T4ndoris: None of the future bonuses are officially canon. And yeah, The Travelers are, they have an artificial conflict drive given to them by The Simurgh. Logic is not their strong suit. Glad you enjoyed their idiocy though!

DancingLeaf: Yes! It was a Helluva Boss reference!

Kitsu is horribly insecure over the toe beans. Hell, even Mark doesn't know they exist. Only Kitsu and Amy. And Amy only knows because she scanned Kitsu.

That being said, Missy would probably forgive Kitsu of genocide if she ever got to press the toe beans. Joking of course.

Also! On the furry scale, Kitsu is a 1. But she'd be a 2 if she didn't turn off the follicles every morning as part of her routine. Yeah, she's a natural furry, that uses her powers to pass as more human.

Grimnosh: Carol isn't going nuts at them bending over for Kitsu. She can think of a million reasons why, what she's concerned about is why it is, exactly. Kitsu can go as far reviving the recently deceased. So, Carol is just getting paranoid over the possibility of what it entails. Especially because they're being so evasive.

The Merchants did move their bases frequently. But with Scarecrow being nicer to the people in his territory, and not throwing massive raves all the time. The PRT have seen the Merchants as less of a threat. Scarecrow intends to ruin the lives of the Brocton Bay Brigade. It's just that he's smart. He knows that to do that, he can't get caught. Hence the very infrequent activity from him. Which leads to less investigations, and less need to move around.

And Kitsu's feelings are direct reflection of my own. I had to put my dog, Pak, May 30. This year. So, yeah.

Glenn? Yeah, I just, never heard of him. Weird.

But now that I know of him, *evil smile*

Kaykaykaykayan: It's been a journey!

Kitsu shall further prove how she's a menace! Hint: she got bored.

As for All Might?

Maybe soon. I have a timeline in my head that I write around. And it sort of, goes from there. I genuinely thought I'd be at the leviathan fight by now, but, I just get too detailed!

Gogmazios: You're welcome!

RadChaos897: Here we go *cracks knuckles*

My secret to my writing is threefold, 1, I planned, nothing. 2, I have a great memory! 3, I keep the world vague enough that if I'm written into a corner I have something to help me.

This Butcher is, different. I'll say it now, this is not Quarrel. Rather, someone else entirely as the Butcher is from Boston, and with a lot of things being different, not the least of which being the 9 attacking Boston in 2005, this is someone completely new.

Or not. Maybe.

Love all the speculation and I want to comment on it, but it'd be too many spoilers.

Can't wait to read your stories!

Cassnova5424: there will be more gamer Kitsu in the future. Something that is steadily being revealed is that Kitsu, doesn't care for cape life. Patrols, arrests, saving people. None of it. She is genuinely happier staying home. Which is part of the irony, the strongest cape, has no desire to really use that strength.

It's like how Parian is stated to be one of the capes truly capable of fighting Endbringers, but has no desire to and in fact abhores fighting.

Kitsu, is happy to stay away from fighting.

Also, never noticed your names spelling. Mine, newb to the game, is literally just the first thing that came to my mind.

MiaMorn: Thank you!

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Monday, August 16th, The Rig, R&D, 11am-

.

.

Jamez G. Wahl POV

.

Looking at the polarimeter results on the glucose sample. I nearly shit myself! The light, is rotating left.

Checking the Nuclear Magnetic Resonance just to confirm what I'm seeing. It is fully swapped! The Hydrogen Oxide and Hydrogen molecules are fully reversed. Making L-Glucose!

I look through the viewing window to the active lab. And to the sugar cane growing in the planter. Nothing in the world indicating it was different from any other sugar cane plant.

"Run a control test of D-Glucose on the machines used to confirm its accuracy." I tell the technician. "And when you're done with that, run the D-Glucose through a separate machine and then use it to test the samples again."

"On it." She says.

I compile the papers into files for the chemists to work through, and put my hands in my pockets as I walk to the active lab.

This isn't my field of expertise, but right now it's tangible enough that I was given oversight of the projects.

But even I can see the wide reaching impact this will have. Glucose that is structured to be organically mirrored to naturally occurring Glucose. Doesn't sound so impressive until you take into account two very simple things. One, L-Glucose tastes indistinguishable from regular D-Glucose. Two, and here's the big one, L-Glucose, doesn't digest.

What Kitsu created, is calorie free sugar!

Not a sweetener, not a substitute. Pure sugar, that does not gain you weight, nor does it even digest. It just, goes straight through the body.

Sounds amazing right? The ultimate solution to diabetes and weight gain in America. Just use Left Handed Sugar. Sounds simple until you take into account the fact that L-Glucose costs fifty percent more to synthetically make than gold and it doesn't occur naturally.

Until, now.

Walking into the active lab, I head over to the one responsible for all of this. The little Case 53 girl on a stool, clad in an oversized lab coat she stole from one of the female lab techs. The sleeves dangle like she were wearing an oversized hoodie. And the back is bunched up at the base of her tail, so at least it doesn't drag and create a safety hazard. And she refused to wear safety goggles, just some oversized square glasses she got from, somewhere.

"Kitsu?" I say to the little girl.

She ignores me and continues to write on her clipboard.

"Doctor, Kitsu?" I correct myself.

"Yes, Overseer Wahl?" She asks, looking up to me. Even on the stool and me being shorter, she still needs to look up to me. "How may I assist you?"

"I was just curious as to how you created this." I say as I activate the recorder in my pocket.

"You already know. It was your idea to see if I could reverse organic molecules." She says plainly.

"True, but I want to hear it in your own words." I clarify. "You never know what can be gained from first hand accounts."

She shrugs, and gets to explaining.

"Well, I simply looked inside the plant, found the glucose and saw how it's made. Then I manually reversed the compound. Forced the plant to grow faster and saw the immediate effects it had, and from there I adjusted it as needed to make the plant viable." She says in a, rather plain way.

But even that is substantial!

"Look in?" I say. "So you can actually see it's genetic makeup just by touching it?"

"Yeah, pretty much." She says as she goes back to her clipboard.

"Oh?" I intone, suddenly curious as to what she could be writing. "Are these your notes?"

She looks up with a smile as she shows me the paper she's been writing on.

…

"It's a kitty!" She says with a smile.

"Yes, I see that."

This is the issue with, handling Kitsu. If she doesn't respect you, or even like you, she won't listen. The only way to get her to be, agreeable, is to play along.

But, the benefits of her powers, far outweigh the headaches of putting up with her. And the possible costs of upsetting her.

Hence the ludicrous amount of leniency she's being given.

"Very, well done." I say with a smile. "Actually, I was wondering something. Are you aware of the unique structures of various mosses and mushrooms?"

In truth, my field is that of Parahuman Research with a specialty into the study of morphological abilities. In short, I study Capes with biological powers. Biokinesis, Morphological Breakers, Bio-Strikers. That sort of thing.

Evolution, was my true interest. I was in college when parahumans started appearing, and I was in love.

Humanities next step. I almost envied them. And that fueled my desire to understand them.

But this? Right here, is someone capable of taking evolution, and rather than using pure random chance alongside trial and error over generations. She can apply the cumulative knowledge humanity has assimilated and mold evolution to her own design.

A bit, romanticized, but my point still stands.

.

.

-Armsmaster's workshop, 1pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I open the vent above Armsmaster's workshop, It was tricky sneaking in here. All of the vents have trigger sensors and the ducts have cameras in them.

Not a problem for someone who has both A, tangible illusions to hold pressure plates in place. And B, can turn invisible.

Holding the vent up with one hand, I reach into my pocket and drop a packet of fungus spores down into the room. Quietly closing the vent and letting my illusions dissipate, I crawl away from the vent and head back to the girls locker room.

Keeping up my invisibility. I get a sneaky idea of what to do before I have to work console duty.

.

.

-30 minutes later-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

Stepping into the locker room, I'm at first confused. Because there's an area my power is telling me is alive, and can't effect. But I'm immediately on guard as I realize it's coming from my locker.

Before I recognize the shape of the area I can't effect as being a familiar fox.

So, walking to my locker. I pass it and go to the empty locker next to it. Opening it and pretending to rummage through it. Using my backpack to make the noise as I close it and step away.

And casually walk away from the locker and out of the locker room. The moment I close the door. I put an ear to the locker room.

*Krcht* I hear a locker open.

"Oops, knew I was forgetting something." I say softly as I open the door again.

*Krcht* I hear a locker door close again.

This time I go to my actual locker. Sensing that Kitsu is now in the one I pretended to use. And, just for good measure, I subtly warp the locker door to invert the latch. Trapping her inside.

"That's why I couldn't find it." I say to myself as I open the duffle bag with my hero outfit inside.

"What!?" Kitsu screeches from the locker.

*Bang*

"Nice try!" I say as I pat the locker door and head to the dressing room.

"You knew!?"

"Yep!" I say with a smirk. "Better luck next time!"

"Missy?" Kitsu cries out as I change. *Bang* "Missy! Come on! I was just gonna spook you! Missy? Baby!? I'll break the locker!"

"And I'll tell Piggot!" I say as I slip my dress on.

"So you're still here!" She says triumphantly. "Lemme out? Please?"

I ignore her as I slip my leggings on.

"It's just a prank!" She whines. "Please stop ignoring me!?"

Thinking I've gone far enough. I step out of the dressing room, fully outfitted and ready for my patrol in two hours.

Going up to the locker and allowing the warped door to return to normal. I open it for the shorter girl to fall out of.

"Aah!" She squeaks as she falls out.

"See?" I taunt the girl currently face first on the ground. "Actions have consequences."

"Only when my girlfriend is a meanie!" She yells as she latches onto my leg.

'Says the girl who publically tortured a woman to death.' I think bitterly.

I want to address that. But, I'm scared. She murdered fleeing, well not civilians but, noncombatants. And no one seems to care! Hell I don't even think she's being charged!

The worst part is everyone is so dismissive about it! Am, am I just overreacting? Am I making up a problem where there is none?

"Hey?" Kitsu says as she lets go of my leg and sits up on the floor. "Are, you okay?" She asks with those bright blue green eyes.

Another part of me not wanting to talk about it, is I don't want to ruin us.

"I'm fine." I say with a dismissive wave as I walk around her. "Anyway, I gotta head to report."

"Wait!" She says as she gets up and follows me.

"What?" I ask as I keep up my pace, heading out of the locker room and taking a right.

"I just, wanna talk." She says.

"Well, what do you want to talk about?" I ask.

"Like why you're heading to report when that isn't for another hour." She asks.

Turning to her, I see her eyes narrowed. Borrowing into mine. And, it scares me a little.

"I don't like being lied to Missy." Kitsu says as her eyes slowly return to their more oval shape. "If you don't want to tell me, that's fine. But please, don'tlie to me."

Taking a deep breath, I look back down to the, look down?

Huh, at some point I really did get taller than her. Just a few months ago, the top of her head reached my eyes. And now it reaches my nose.

"I just enjoy the peace and quiet." I tell her. "And I like being the first one there."

She stares at me for a bit. A blush slowly creeping on her face as she looks away from me.

"Oh, okay." She says awkwardly. "Sorry for, going all suspicious on you. Just, never mind."

"It's fine." I say, looking off to the side as I brush some hair behind my ear. "We can chat after my patrol, alright?"

"Yeah, that's fine." Kitsu accepts in a disappointed tone. "I can always bother Lyra or, someone else."

Speaking of Lyra.

"Oh yeah, she's about to make her public debut soon." I mention.

"Really?" Kitsu asks, her tone picking up. "Why didn't she tell me?"

'Any number of reasons.' I think to myself.

Lyra is very straight forward, curt, blunt, and honest to a fault. She wears her heart on her sleeve and fuck you if you don't like it. So, she likely wasn't thinking about it, or doesn't care too much.

"She probably just wasn't thinking about it." I shrug.

"Yeah, probably."

.

.

-Monday, August 16th, Boardwalk, 4pm-

.

.

"And, head right. Should be five blocks from Joe's Pizza on Dominic's Avenue." Kitsu says into my comms.

She gets to be on console duty due to how, um. The other day. Not important and if anyone asks it's because she got bored.

Anyway. She's decent at it. Picked up on the codes and terminology easily enough. Only problem is.

"Okay, where the hell is that?" Vergil asks.

Okay, two problems. One, Vergil is less than happy with how Kitsu is now in his ear all the time.

I, already knew about Permafrost. But, I assumed Kitsu was quick about it and was just in a hurry to insure everyone's safety. After what happened with Stormfront however.

Not important.

"Face the bay, turn right, and walk two blocks." Kitsu says. "They're in the alley."

She knows most of the city east of the commercial district by heart. So, that's great! Only problem, is she knows it in reference to the restaurants. Mainly the pizzeria's, café's and Chinese restaurants.

So, street names are useless. Tell her you're at the intersection of Fifth and Jackson, and you'll get silence as she wastes time looking at the GPS. Tell her you're six blocks south of the Dominoes closest to Arcadia? No problem!

Anyway, walking south, in no particular hurry seeing as it's not an emergency and it's been a quiet day. We make another right into the alleyway and spot the man hanging from a fire escape by a harness. His parachute caught and tangled in the metal.

"Hey." He says with a wave. "Can you help me? I've been here for almost an hour."

"Hell happened to you man?" Vergil asks as I warp the ground up to him.

"I missed the landing." He says as his feet touch the ground, giving him the stability to unlatch himself.

"No kidding." I scoff.

"Hey it was my first time." He defends as he unlatches the harness. "Damnit, this shit is expensive."

"I called a squad car to your guys' location." Kitsu says over the comms.

"What for?" Vergil asks, putting a hand back to his visor. "We ain't arresting him or nuthin. Not like he did anything."

"Parachuting in city limits is illegal without authorization by the FAA." Kitsu says.

'That's, actually correct.' I think to myself.

"How in the hell do you know that?" Vergil asks. "And are you eaves dropping?"

"One, you never hung up. Two, I have a copy of every law book pertaining to Brockton Bay right next to me on the desk." Kitsu informs.

"Okay, how did you know this specific scenario would come up?" I ask, backing up Vergil.

"I didn't. I just listened to the nine one one call and looked in the book, Laws Pertaining to Recreational Activities and Sports." Kitsu adds.

'Those books are like, a thousand pages each. Minimum! How did she memorize that!?' I think in astonishment.

As I think that, I turn towards a field I can't effect. Looking to see who it is, it's an officer rounding the corner and heading towards us.

"Vista, Static Shock." He greets us both. "This the wannabe stunt man?"

Vergil shrugs, looking to me for my input. Deciding that, if it really is illegal. Then, there's nothing we can or should do about it.

"Yeah." I say finally, turning to the oblivious man. "We found him not a few minutes ago."

"Right then." The officer says as he steps forward. "Sir! Excuse me. I have a few questions."

Few minutes later, we find out he didn't have permission to parachute in the city. And me and Vergil got cussed out as he was taken to the officers car. He didn't resist arrest so, he'll likely just get a fine.

Still didn't have to be so rude.

.

.

-Tuesday, August 17th, The Rig, 8am-

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

I'm jolted awake by an intense and repetitive weight on my chest.

"Wake up wake up wake up!" I hear Kitsu's voice.

My eyes shooting open, I see her bouncing on my gut. Her hands on my chest as though she were giving me chest compressions.

"I'm up. I'm up!" I groan through the discomfort. "Geez!"

She stops bouncing and stares down at me. And I sigh as I lay my head back.

"Stay up!" She says as she bounces again.

Sitting up, I grab the small girl and put her in the empty spot on the bed next to me. Before turning to the clock on the nightstand and checking the time.

(08:12)

"Rmm." I groan as I rub my eyes. "Kitsu, where's your mother?"

Carol normally isn't awake at this time. And neither am I for that matter. So either the clock is wrong. Or something happened.

"She got up and left early to get a head start on her work." Kitsu says as she lays sideways on my stomach. "Lots of stuff happened. And she fell pretty behind schedule. So, she asked me to stay here until you got up."

'And she decided to wake me up on her own.' I think tiredly.

"And why did you wake me up?" I ask.

"Got bored of waiting." She says. "Also, Amy got this for you."

I feel something hit my chest with a soft rattle. Looking down, I see it's a pharmacy bag. One of the brown ones they put medicine bottles in.

Opening it, I see it's my prescription of SRI's.

"How did she get this?" I ask, mildly concerned. "And how does she know my exact perscription?"

"She doesn't." Kitsu says. "But everyone at the hospital respects her enough to, bend a few rules here and there for her. And she was able to get ahold of your records through the system."

"But how-"

"You were admitted two years ago and needed to list off all the medications you took." Kitsu answers before I finish.

'I was? What was I, oh.' I think as I remember the nail I got stuck in my forearm. 'I forgot about that. Weird, Carol said she'd never let me forget.'

"Didn't think Amy would do something like that." I mutter out loud.

"Oh she wouldn't." Kitsu says, now kicking her legs in the air. "I had to ask her to. A lot."

That makes more sense.

"How legal is this?" I ask, sitting up as I look to the little girl rolling off my stomach and down to my feet.

"Weeee!" She exclaims as she rolls to the foot of the bed.

*Thud*

And right over it.

"I'm okay!" She says as she pops back up. Resting her head and arms on the bed. "Hurry up and take your meds! I wanna do stuff!"

"Alright, alright." I say as I get up. Swinging my legs around and standing up. I stretch my arms up, before bending and popping my back.

Looking over to the smiling, far too awake girl.

"Well?" I ask with a raised brow.

"Well what?" She asks.

"I need to get dressed." I say, gesturing to my plaid pj bottoms and white tee shirt.

"Debatable." She says with a so-so motion of her hand. "Besides, not like we're going out anywhere."

"Regardless." I say and shoo her with my hand.

"Aww, ya shy?" She says with a smile. "I promise I won't laugh."

Rolling my eyes, I walk over and pick her up.

"Onward!" She shouts as I move towards the door.

"Can you get that?" I ask as we reach said door.

"Yeah." She says, pressing numbers into the keypad. The automatic door now opening with a hiss. "Towards advent-hey what are you doing!?"

I place her outside the door.

"Getting dressed." I say as I close it.

"I won't soon forget this indignity upon my good name!" She shouts dramatically. "You hear me old man!? Never!"

.

.

-15 minutes later-

.

.

Walking through the halls, we get no small amount of looks. Mainly because Kitsu is in a kids cop car. Like, one of those little plastic cars kids ride in. Styled after a PRT Cruiser without a hood.

No, it is not real. She's just using illusions to ride down the hall next to me.

Or, at least I assume. I'm a bit preoccupied by the bitter, powdery taste in the back of my throat. With only a basic half bath room en suite. I could only take the meds with water. Leaving me with that all too familiar taste.

Definitely my meds.

"They see me rollin' they hate'n." Kitsu occasionally sings anytime we pass someone. "They hate'n cuz they see me ride'n fluffy."

We make it to the cafeteria with little happening. Most of the staff giving no more than a second look. Which, understandable. What would you do?

"Hell no!" I hear just after we enter the cafeteria.

"Fabian!" Kitsu shouts as her car races forward.

'What the fuck?' Is all I can think as I watch Kitsu drive to the counter, step out of the mini car. The mini car dissipating into sparkles of light.

Kitsu then says something, only to get whacked on the head with a metal ladle.

"Hey!" I shout as I jog up to the counter. "What the hell gives!?"

"Get this menace, out of my kitchen!" The older cook says.

"I'm not in your kitchen." Kitsu says simply, and it takes me a second to remember that she can't be hurt.

Doesn't make what he did okay!

"Last time she was here, she forced me and my entire staff out!" He yells at me.

"I gave you paid time off." Kitsu says as she crosses her arms. "If anything, you should be thanking me."

"Paid ti- you mixed all of our ingredients, all the meats, and left the place a mess!" He yells again.

Okay, his anger is making more and more sense.

"Well if a certain armored blue tampon didn't pull me away." Kitsu retorts. "I would've cleaned up."

"Leave!" He yells, pointing to the doors.

Gently taking Kitsu by the shoulders, I pull her back and get between the two.

"Look, however this started, let's just. Calm down first." I try to deescalate the situation, despite very much not wanting to. "Okay? We just came for breakfast."

"He hit me with a spoon!" Kitsu yells.

"And I'll do it again!" He says before turning to me. "Keep her out of my kitchen, and we'll have no problems."

"I can do that." I say gently.

One of the downsides of having powers, and a public identity. No matter how much you want to escalate things, you can't. Or you're in the wrong. You have to set an example.

No matter how much you want to whack someone with a metal ladle. Make them see how it feels.

"Kitsu." I say as I turn to the pouting girl. "Promise not to bother him again?"

Without looking to me, she answers.

"I will feast on your soul mortal." She says in a creaking voice.

"Alright kiddo." I say as I stand up a little straighter, one hand on my hip as I look down at her. "You wanna be the one to explain to Carol why we're banned from the cafeteria?"

She glares back at the chef a bit longer. Growling under her breath, she finally acquiesces.

"Fine." She says reluctantly. "I'll stay out of your dumb kitchen."

"Good." Is all the man says before turning around and walking off.

"Hey!" She shouts, hopping up to lean over the counter. "What about our food!?"

Pulling her back down, I point to the line of people with trays. Most staring at us as the get their meals.

"It's a cafeteria, not a restaurant." I tell her. "We get our own food."

She looks to the line with a slight blush as she relaxes in my grip. Tail going limp as her ears lazily droop to the sides.

"Oh." Is all she says in response.

.

.

-2 hrs later, Ward's common room-

.

.

"So you just hang out in here all day?" I ask as we enter the common room.

Looking around the room with an en suite kitchenette and island counter. A small dining area with a few tables and tiled flooring, and the corner is green carpeted with a three seated couch, and two double seated couches all faced around a TV.

There are a few Wards in here. I recognize Clockblocker and Static Shock both watching TV with Aegis. And the African American girl at the counter is unknown to me.

"And they let me play video games and never make me stop!" Kitsu rattles off. "And it's funny because the others will sometimes watch and they always have the best reactions!"

"I can imagine." Is all I say to that. "So, what'd you want to do?"

"I'unno." She says with a shrug.

"You don't know?" I ask with a raised brow.

"I just wanna spend time with you!" She says with a smile. "And Mom even said that I'm your problem today. So you have to!"

"Fucking daddy's girl." The girl at the counter says, never looking up from her phone.

"At least I have a dad!" Kitsu says without looking back.

"Bitch say what!?" The girl snaps up.

"Hey!" I say, getting between the two. "No need to-"

"Piss off cracker, I'm talking to the cat." The rude girl says, making my eyes widen at her hostility.

'I'm just the peacekeeper today. Aren't I?' I muse to myself.

"Wow!" Kitsu says as she turns towards the girl. "You must really hate your life."

"Okay!" I say as I turn to Kitsu. "No, okay? We don't escalate things." Turning to the other girl, I just get a middle finger.

I turn back to Kitsu.

"No matter how tempting it is." I add.

She glares at the girl behind me, and I make a mental note to inform Carol of this later. I'm not about to parent another's kid, but this level of, whatever needs addressed.

"Fine." She relents.

"Aw, look at the good girl heel." The bit-rude girl unnecessarily adds.

Kitsu looks at the girl with a more, bored expression. Which honestly concerns me more. An angry Kitsu can be calmed. A bored Kitsu will look for ways to, alleviate that boredom.

"I hope you have kids that act exactly like you." Kitsu says to her.

Okay, not as bad as I was expecting. But still, that's gotta hurt on some level.

"Best you got, runt?"

"Let's just go." I say softly. "We can watch movies in our room, okay?"

"Fine." Kitsu says softly with zero resistance.

This is, not reassuring me.

"I'll get back at her." Kitsu finally says before walking away.

"The fuck's that supposed to mean!?" The girl says as Kitsu leaves. "Don't fucking ignore me!"

I decide that, this isn't worth the headache. And just follow the fox.

.

.

-Thursday, August 19th, Central District, 10am-

.

.

Brad "Hookwolf" Meadows POV

.

Charging down the alleyway as I evade the PRT and New Wave. I curse my recent luck. Or lack thereof.

It wasn't supposed to be like this! Delegated down to, rogue element. ME! From lieutenant, to warlord, to lone wolf. My gang abandoned, my men fled, my commanders arrested.

Looking back and seeing I've caused enough damage to keep my pursuers occupied. I prepare to disappear.

"Rrrrrgh!" I growl in frustration as I shift back to two legs and recall my hooks. "Fuck!"

Taking my metal mask and shoving it in my back pocket, I look around and spot a homeless man staring at me with wide eyes. Good.

"You!" I say as I point towards the bearded man. "Your shirt! Now!"

"Hi ba noma!" He sputters incoherently as he tries to push himself as hard against the wall as possible.

"Fucking, never the easy way with you people." I scoff as I march towards him.

"My my." I hear above me.

Swinging my head up and reaching for my mask, expecting another hero. I'm caught off guard by the man in a top hat and black vest. Red dress shirt underneath.

"I'd heard the infamous Hookwolf was savage, but to go so low as to prey upon the homeless?" He says as he steps off the fire escape and falls down, only to catch himself on the railing below, flipping back to stand on the lowest platform. "You truly are a rabid dog, aren't you?"

Now getting a clear view of the black and white mask. I get a good idea of who the guy is working for, and who he is.

"The hell does one of the Teeth's assassin's want with me?" I ask with a growl.

If he were here to kill me, then I doubt he'd be talk to me. Be a rather shitty assassin to announce himself before taking me out.

"I always did hate that term." He sighs. "I'm more of a magician you see, please keep that in mind for as long as you can."

'The fuck is that meant to mean?' I can't help but find myself asking.

"I can see you don't quite understand." He says disappointed, as he touches a hand to the forehead of his mask. Turning around dramatically with his back against the rail. "Oh well. Not many do, at first."

I take a step back and pull on the hooks as he falls backwards over the rail and lands across from me with his back turned.

"You see, I'm not an assassin, because I've never killed anyone." He says in a low, dramatic tone.

I say nothing as I wait for him to make the next move. No one, save the higher members of the Teeth know Compress's power. And for all I know, this is how it works. He goads others into attacking him, and it's some form of automatic defense.

I can't risk an unknown as I am right now!

"That being said." He says, turning to look at me slightly as he holds up a set of three marbles between his fingers. "I have it on good authority that I'm providing no mercy in that service."

Pivoting on his foot, he tosses the marbles at me. Not willing to take the chance, I dodge out the way as smoke fills the spot where the marbles once were.

"Fuck, couldn't let us out sooner?" I hear a bored, raspy voice let out from the smoke.

"My apologies Hellfire." Compress says as he steps back. "But you know how I love putting on a show!"

The smoke fades to reveal the half leathery skinned form of Hellfire. The Teeth's prime Pyro.

"So long as you don't die and leave me stuck in there." He says as he puts his hands in his coat pockets. "I suppose it's fine."

"So this is the real killer?" I say as I start to reform my hooks. "Suppose that isn't a surprise! Explains why the bodies were never found!"

The strongest pyrokinetic in North America looks up at me with a bored expression before shrugging.

"Suppose that's not too big a leap in logic." He says casually. "But if it were me, well, people would know it's me."

"Regardless!" I say as I swipe a clawed hand down.

He steps out of the way casually, almost bored. Pissing me off as he just stares at me.

"Kindness is a mercy more could understand." I hear from behind me.

Jerking my head back, I peer through the holes of my armored form to gaze at the slim man in front of me. Messy black hair, green tie and black vest and slacks.

"Here I thought, diplomacy was an option." He says in a sad tone. "No, it was a hope. But hope, is often dashed isn't it? We know this too well. You should realize this already. We know what's best."

'Fuck!' I curse mentally.

I'm cornered!

Looking back to the pyro, and the unconcerned man. One I can take easy, but I have no clue who the other is!

'Fuck it!' I complain. 'Why can nothing go my way!?'

With a frustrated growl, I jump. Latching onto the brick work and scaling the wall. This is all going to shit! At this rate my best bet is to either rebrand and get more guys, or find a new city.

Scaling over the side of the roof, I'm met with the top hatted cape. Compress, right at the ledge.

I swipe a hand in reflex as he reaches a hand out and taps my metallic form. My body seizes up as I feel my body crunch. Everything getting larger as I feel my body leave. No, I don't feel anything! It's going dark!

"Thank you, for participating in my act." Is the last thing I hear.

…

Where am I?

…

Where's my body?

…

What happened?

…

Am I dead?

…

I can't feel anything.

…

Hear anything.

…

See anything.

…

What happened!?

…

What happened to me!?

…

.

.

?-?-? "The Butcher" POV

.

"Knew it could never be." One of the voices says.

Silence.

Never

Proceed

Claim our place

You know what to do

"Sir." Compress says as he lands before me, and holds out a marble. "It is done."

I hate this

This is necessary

We're not evil

We just do what we need to

"We know this." I say.

"Oi!" Hellfire calls, now crouching in front of the homeless man. "What do we do with scruffy here? We let'em go, he could rat us out to the cops."

Silence him

No loose ends

You know what to do

SILENCE!

…

No.

Walking towards the scared, babbling man. Hellfire stands up to let me take his place. Now crouching before the dark skinned, wide eyed man.

"Hey now, we're not going to hurt you." I say with a gentle smile.

You're too soft

He could compromise us

Just-

I SAID BE QUIET!

"Look, we kind of need to stay low here, so." I pull my wallet out, grabbing at a twenty and hand it to the man. "Take this, for the trouble. And, just don't talk about this. And we'll call it even. Deal?"

"Y-yes." He says in an aged, croaked voice. "Thank you!"

"Not a problem." I say as I stand up. "Compress, Hellfire. We're leaving."

What will you do

When this comes to bite us?

Then we'll deal with it when it comes.

"Sure that was the right move boss?" Hellfire asks as he throws his hood up.

He's right

You're sloppy

"There are some lines, I won't cross." I answer them. "Do we know where we're going?"

"Hookwolf had a few buildings he managed to keep a hold of, despite his recent string of bad luck." Compress answers as he takes off his mask, and collapses his hat. "I'm certain he'll not object to lending us the space."

Good, now-

"We can get set up at the nearest one." They say. No, I said that. "Then we can get the others over as needed."

"Of course." Compress says.

How much longer, till we're one?

We're already past the point of no return.

"Boss?" Hellfire asks.

"Hmm?" I hum in question as I turn to meet the hooded man's eyes. "Yes?"

"What'dyou mean, past the point of no return?" He asks.

Did I say that out loud?

.

.

-Thursday, August 19th, The Rig, Cafeteria, 5am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Hmm." I think to myself as I look out at the room.

Even places like this have down times. As in periods of time when there's less activity.

And looking out at the cafeteria, I can't help but think they have too many tables. I mean, there's only like, twenty people here! Why need fifty bench tables?

They can spare a few.

.

.

-Thursday, August 19th, The Rig, Armory, 7am-

.

.

"Hey man." I say to the guard behind the gated window.

Or rather, my illusion does.

"Hmm?" The tired man says as he looks up from the screen he was typing on. "Yes?"

"I need access to the weaponry and munitions." The Illusion, who will now go by Steve, says. "SIM rounds to be exact."

As he says that, I use an illusion to produce a mirror behind the man, and peer at his screen.

A black and orange-

He's watching porn.

…

I can use this.

"Got your forms and orders?" He asks plainly.

Steve shuffles through his pockets, getting more and more frustrated as he can't find the forms. Before letting out a big sigh as his shoulders slump.

"I, lost it." He says. "Look man, I clock out in an hour and it'll take me half that to find the things. Just, can you put it under my name and I'll have it sorted out later?"

The man behind the counter gives him a bored look that screams, are you stupid? And slowly shakes his head.

"Come on, I'm pulling a double shift as is." Steve begs.

"No, you know how the higher ups are about proper procedure." He says. "Even then, how do I know you aren't up to something?"

"Because I'm in here without an alarm being tripped?" Steve asks. "Look, I just need these for some training. Hell, I can get by with just the SIM rounds. Just, I really don't want to have to head back and explain to my CO that I lost the papers he just handed me. I'm on thin ice as is."

"Then next time take your job seriously." The guard says dismissively.

"Says the man watching PornHub on a government computer." Steve says.

The man freezes in place at that. Looking back to Steve with a plain expression as he subtly clicks out of the tab.

"Excuse me?" He says.

"Next time?" Steve says. "Try not to have the brightness up so high. Can see it reflected in your eyes."

"I've no clue what you're talking about." The guard says.

"Okay." Steve says. "Let's just see what HR has to say when they check the ISP after I tell them I couldn't get the requested training material because the guard on duty was too busy jacking it to Alexis Texas."

Cue the stare off between the very real guard, and the imaginary PRT Squad mate.

"I.D." He says.

Steve hands him an I.D. I pickpo- borrowed from a guy in the hall.

.

.

Walking past the man, Steve gives him a nod as I leave with the row of training guns and cases of SIM rounds. Using my biokinesis to pass the retinal scan and get out. Using illusions to hide just how much I took while walking towards my current stash.

This is gonna be fun!

.

.

-Thursday, August 19th, The Rig, Laundry Room, 7:45am-

.

.

Not much time, not much time!

Looking at the padlock on the maintenance closet, I recall something Newter told me a few years back. Taking the lock in hand, I enhance my strength and smack the side.

*Click*

And with no further fanfare, the lock just, pops open.

Opening the closet, I grin at the rows of folded sheets.

"Yes!" I hiss in victory.

Taking all of the sheets, I lock the closet back up. Leaving the room, I allow my illusions over the cameras to dispel.

This is gonna be great!

.

.

-Thursday, August 19th, The Rig, Wards common room, 8am-

.

.

Hiding in the corner, I wait as most of the Wards pile into the common room. Missy being the last one. I activate my auditory illusions.

*Krzzt*

"Will all attending Wards please make their way to Training room three. I repeat, will all attending Wards please make their way to Training room three."

*Krzzt*

Just as planned!

The moment the last Ward leaves the room, I crawl up through to the vents and race towards the training room.

.

.

-Thursday, August 19th, The Rig, Training Room 3, 9am-

.

.

Carlos "Aegis" POV

.

"I'm telling you, I don't know." I tell Vergil.

"Look man, I get it." He says understandingly. "You gotta keep confidentiality an' all that. But, a hint? Please?"

Stopping in my tracks I look to him. Deadly serious as I hope my next words will get through to the blue trench coated teen.

"I, don't, know." I say slowly. "Whatever this is, is news to me." I stress.

"What the heck?" Missy says next to me as she stares at the empty training room. "What, wha, how would, KITSU!"

"Ruin my fun why don't you!" I hear the voice of the resident scandal in the making.

Looking up at the back wall of the tall room where the voice came from. Kitsu materializes in a sparkle of lights. Just, floating twenty feet up.

"What are, what is this!?" Missy asks, clearly confused and, sounding a bit stressed.

"Over reaction much?" Dennis asks.

"No it's-"

"Spoilers!" Kitsu cuts her off. "Listen up soldiers! Today, is the day you earn your stripes!"

"Um, is this normal?" FastTrack asks as Kitsu keeps up her speech.

"Define, normal." Dean says. "It's Kitsu so-"

"Till the last man standing!" Kitsu announces as a burst of glittery lights reveals-

The training room, with tables, benches and sheets all placed in an ordered manner. All to create two forts, and rows of cover.

All of us are silent at the sight. No small part wondering how this got here. Much less approved. There is no way she'd be able to get all of this without it being approved.

"Now!" Kitsu says as she reaches behind the overturned table she's balanced on.

And comes back up with a fucking gun! No shit! An actual, fucking assault rifle!

"Time to pick the teams!" She says and shoots!

"Hit the deck!" Dennis yells as he dives out of the way.

"Kitsu are you actually insane!?" Missy yells in panic, her voice cracking as she dives as well. "What the actual hell!?"

I on the other hand, got shot. I felt the bullet hit my chest. But, not go through my costume.

Looking down, I touch the neon green ink now staining the front of my armored suit.

She's using simunition. Simulation bullets.

"A little!" Kitsu yells. "Who did I hit!?"

"Me!" I yell back, now completely unconcerned and at ease.

There is no way in hell she got any of this without permission. The munitions are locked away tighter than the stick up Armsmaster's ass. And I can't think of a way she'd get the tables here without anyone noticing. Illusions or not.

"Okay!" Kitsu yells. "Team one leader is Car-Aegis! Next person shot is the next team lead!"

"What is wrong with you!" Missy shouts.

"They're fake bullets." I call out. "I'm fine."

"Wait really?" Dennis asks as he straightens up from the chair he's behind.

*Bang*

"Fuck!" He shouts as the bullet hits the side of his helmet, knocking his head to the side.

"Team two is lead by StopWatch!" Kitsu yells.

"Aegis how are you okay with this!?" Missy hisses.

Looking over to the frowning girl, I shrug at her question.

"Because I know that there is no way this is unsanctioned." I answer. "Think about it, how on earth would she get all of this without anyone noticing?"

.

.

-Meanwhile, Cafeteria-

.

.

Hana "Miss Militia" POV

.

Looking over the hectic room, with people roaming about and some being forced to stand and eat. I can't help but voice my confusion.

"What happened to all the benches?"

.

.

-Training room 3-

.

.

Carlos "Aegis" POV

.

"Yeah, I suppose you're right."

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

-Thursday, August 19th, The Towers, 3pm-

.

.

Edward "The Philosopher" Anders POV

.

Sitting in my room with my computer in front of me. I look between the three screens.

"And with that, Thomas Calvert is now officially declared dead." Tattletale says on the other side of the line. "And Fortress Construction's stocks are, kinda in the air with how his wife 'mysteriously' just signed away his assets and fled the city."

"Wonder how that happened." Regent adds. "Guess we'll never really know."

"And it seems that with The Aryan Empire dissolving, and Fenrir's Chosen being reduced to one member, The Empire's power struggle is now over." I say with a smirk.

"What about 'our' deal?" Trickster asks. "You promised me-"

"I promised you I'd help with your plans." I cut him off before he can gaslight. "It's not my fault yours were less successful than The Undersiders."

A means to an end. We were all means to an end to each other. We all knew this.

"Must be something to do with leadership." Tattletale says with a smirk.

"Surely you jest?" Trickster says, slightly stressed.

Seems the Travelers true leader is getting antsy.

I may not be a thinker, but I like to think I'm smart. It didn't take much to piece together that the Travelers are from Madison, and further more that they had a hidden member. One that's been getting increasingly erratic. As indicated by their sudden shift in means of operation, as compared to when they first started making a scene. And Coil?

"Here I thought Jesting was your shtick." Tattletale ribs.

"Look, if you need anymore help, it'll cost." I say sternly. "First times free and all that. I pointed you towards Scarecrow on good faith. But any more and I'll need to justify it."

That was trickier. Man was so paranoid it's insane. So many backups and so many contingencies. But, when you have access to the network my shitstain of a sperm donor set up. It was a matter of matching up timelines. Appearances and what not.

It was tricky, I'll admit. And had it not been for Tattletale, I doubt I'd actually ever piece it together.

Getting into contact with the Travelers was a matter of connections. And we all fit well together. Tattletale wanted freedom from Coil, Trickster wanted a method to contain Kitsu, and I needed assets and a way to get the walking nuke out of town for a few days. Enough to make the others overconfident.

Kaiser was easy to send away. Just had to convince Kayden that he'd want her to get the old man out of prison. Once that was in her head, she adamantly refused to let him back into the fold. He left, and Night and Fog left with him. Gesselshaft has cut ties, same with the Herren clan after Rune was arrested. Kayden's too stupid to realize all of that though.

"Can you even promise anything?" Tattletale asks. "Last I checked, you don't even have your team behind you."

'Oh?' I think to myself.

This is why I always hold group calls with Tattletale. She loves poking and prodding at others. Proving she's the smartest and all that. And she loves to talk.

All I have to do, is make myself seem uninteresting. She already knows my name and my real objective. No secrets to find except what my favorite color is.

In other words. She exposes the secrets of others for me without realizing it. Or maybe she does, and just doesn't care.

"I've no idea what you mean." Trickster says with his usual false bravado. Dropping his nervousness.

Or rather, covering it up.

"Hey, can I go?" Regent asks. "You see I gotta, yeah I just don't care. Tats can fill me in on the cliffnotes."

Before I can say anything, Regent signs off. Much to Tattletales annoyance.

"Regardless, your assistance would be greatly appreciated." Trickster redirects back to himself. "My team's situation is well under control-"

Bullshit.

"-And I can assure that we've not lost any efficiency." He say. "If it's money or manpower, I'm certain we can cut a deal."

I think a bit as Tattletale drones her fingers on her desk. Clearly getting more and more bored.

'Hmm, Al and Theo are getting restless.' I ponder. 'And a safe environment to train would be ideal. And failing that, my network on the streets could always use some buffing up.'

"Alright, I might have something you could do." I offer. "Question is, what do you want from me?"

'Just you wait old man.' I think as the gears turn in my head.

When the old shit gets out, and he will get out. Money talks after all. When he gets out, he'll come back to see his stolen kingdom gone. His reputation ruined, his connections severed, and his empire in ashes.

You hurt me, that's fine. I can take it. But no one hurts my little brothers. I'll do anything to keep them safe. Even topple an empire from the inside.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus 2

.

.

-Few years ago, Hollywood, California-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

'Kale, caviar, don't know what that is.' I think to myself as I rummage through the fridge. 'Geez! You'd think with how rich these snobs are that they'd have some freaking bologna and cheese!'

I just want a sandwhich!

As I'm thinking this, I hear the soft sound of bare feet. Walking closer and closer. Only, it's coming from the ceiling.

Looking up, I'm greeted to the sight of two bright yellow eyes staring awkwardly down at me. A dark blue skinned guy with curly black hair, in a leather jacket and baggy jeans.

"You'd look a lot more scary if I couldn't see in the dark." I say as I go back to rummaging through the fridge.

"'Tschuldigung, kleine mädchen." He says as he falls from the ceiling. Landing softly behind me.

"All good." I say with a shrug.

I'd be a little more concerned, but I'm hungry. Food first, blue man group later.

He's oddly silent as I rummage through the fridge. Which, while odd, I don't care.

"Finally." I say as I find a pack of lunchables hidden in the back of the fridge. "Normal food."

"Hmm?" The blue man says as he looks over my shoulder. "Ah! Can I have the butterfinger?"

"Get your own." I say as I tear into the turkey and cheddar cracker meal.

"Night, what's up?" I hear a comm piece relay. "Is the place clear?"

"Uh, no?" He says into his comms.

Turning around to look at him as I eat. He just stares at me awkwardly.

"No?" I hear the other guys' voice ask. "Did they leave their dog or something?"

"Are you here to steal stuff?" I ask between bites of my cracker sandwich.

"Ahh, maybe?" Night says.

"Maybe?" The guy asks.

"Wasn't talking to you." Night says quickly.

"Oh, cool." I say as I shut the fridge.

"Shit! There's someone there!?" The guy asks.

"Nein, well, ya." Night says as I head to the table and take a seat. Turning the chair on its side to give my tail room. "I, think we're the second ones here. Maybe?"

"… Bro you gotta start making sense pronto."

"Bitte Mädchen?" Night says, addressing me. "Vas are you doing here?"

"Eating." I say simply.

He stares at me a bit more as I continue to do as I said.

"Legally?" He asks slowly.

"Depends on if I get caught or not." I answer honestly.

"Okay, wir sind gut." Night says into his comms. "There's another like us in here. She's stealing food."

"Oh, you had me concerned." The other guy says. "Is the place cleared out otherwise?"

"Ya." Night says as he turns around, and I get to see the long arrow headed tail he has.

Looking down, I see each of his feet has three large toes.

'Oh!' I think to myself. 'Nightctawler.'

"Alright, heading in." The other guy says.

"See you."

"Careful not to trigger the silent alarm." I say. "It's attached to the front and back doors. Oh, and the first floor windows."

"Vas?" Nightcrawler says as he looks to me with wide eyes. "How do you know?"

I flick my ears.

"I can hear high frequencies." I explain. "Including the ones made by electrical currents. These ones are the always active kind and set off the security when disturbed."

"Scheisse!" He curses. "Newt! Don't-"

*Click*

The front window opens.

And the soft ringing stops. Looks like it's time for me to leave.

"Too late." I say as I hop down from the chair. "Cops'll be here soon."

Was really hoping to raid their closets too.

"I don't see-"

"Night, Newter!" Nightcrawler flinches at the woman's voice coming from his comms, and I hear it on the other side of the house as well. "Police scanners and radios just picked up an invasion report from the house you're at. You have ten minutes to get out!"

"Scheisse!" Nightcrawler curses again.

I hear harder steps running towards us-

*Thunk*

"Son of a bitch!" Newter, I assume, shouts as he starts hopping.

"Newt!" Nightcrawler shouts.

"I'm fine!" An orange skinned, blue haired copy of Nightcrawler says as he limps into the room. "We gotta go! Mission's a bust."

Seriously, tail, toes, hell even their faces are similar.

"Wait." Nightcrawler says before turning to me. And Newter does the same.

I eat the butterfinger.

"Hmm?" I ask.

"Oh, neat." Newter says. "We can take her with us but we gotta go now."

"Eine moment." He says, holding a hand up.

"What?" Newter asks.

"He said one moment." I translate.

"Okay, bilingual, got it." Newter says impatiently. "We gotta go!"

"Mädchen, what are your powers?" Night asks as he crouches in front of me.

Shrugging, I decide this might be fun.

"Super strength, super speed, super ears, super eyes, and illusions." I answer off my public wiki powers.

"We, might actually be able to do something with that." Newter says. "Hey kid, wanna help us do something? We'll pay ya."

.

.

-7 minutes later-

.

.

Placing the massive safe on the bed of the truck, I watch as Nightcrawler grabs some straps and holds it down. Whatever's in here is too important for them to leave. And the client wants the documents in the safe completely undamaged. Only way to guarantee that at this point, is taking the safe with us.

"Newt!" Nightcrawler asks as he teleports to the front of the car. "How close are we?"

*Wweeeeooooww*

"Cops are coming fast." I warn.

"Alrmosht!" He says through the flash light in his mouth.

"Should I open the garage door?!" I ask as I walk to the driver side door.

Newter is under the dash. Flashlight in his mouth as he uses a pair of pliers to strip the wires and move some thingies around.

*Zap*

"Shit!" He curse, dropping the flashlight.

I take it and hold it for him.

I'm really not that concerned. Running from cops is easy when you can run as fast as I can. But this might be fun! So, I'm here.

That and I want McDonalds. And don't wanna steal it this time. Stealing is a lot harder than it looks! You get caught, and now you have to deal with people who just won't let it go!

"Thank you, and no need." The blue haired guy says. "This baby'll smash right through them for us."

*Rrrrnnnmmmm* The truck revs to life as he says that. Lights in the cab turning on as the garage is now lit by the truck's headlights.

"Perfect!"

*Eewa* The cop car's siren stops as the car is parked.

"Now or never." Nightcrawler says.

"Newt, Night, where the hell are you!?" The woman's voice says from the comms.

"Completing the job." Newter says as he rights himself up while I head to the back cab and lay down.

"The hell do you-"

"Kick it!" The radio goes as Nightcrawler turns it on.

"Oow!" I shout as I cover my ears.

"Sorry." Nightcrawler says as he turns it off.

As he says that, the garage door opens itself to reveal a cop, now wide eyed as he stare like a deer trapped in the head light.

*Rrrrrrrr!* Newter revs the engine, and the cop dives as the truck shoots out of the driveway.

"Shit!" Newter says as he sidescrapes the cops car.

*Crrrsshh*

"Hey!" I shout. "Who taught you to drive! The lot was wide open!"

Before I can say anything else, I'm tossed to the side as he makes too hard of a turn and nearly fishtails.

"Um, no one?" He says awkwardly. "At least not fully. Still learning, kind of?"

Growling, I grab his shoulder and yoink him to the back seat. And crawl over to sit in the driver's seat myself.

"Hey!" He shouts as I sit on my knees for the height it gives me. Using my illusions to make blocks on the gas and brakes, I drive.

Driving down the road, I tap the clutch and hit the brake to make a fast turn. Going down a straight away as I avoid another cop. Not long after, his siren blares to life as he turns around to follow us.

"Okay, where did you learn to drive?" Newter asks as he sits up.

"I'unno." I say with a shrug.

"Newter! Nightcrawler!" The lady shouts. "What the hell is going on!?"

"We uh, we got the cargo." Nightcrawler says awkwardly. "And a tagalong, or two."

"What!?"

"I need to focus!" I shout. "I can hear your earpieces!"

"Schiesse." Nightcrawler curses softly.

"Language!" I say as I swerve to avoid a car as I head for the gates of the community.

"German." He says. "Melanie I'll have to talk later!"

"Just tell me-"

He turns off the earpiece, and so does Newter.

Just in time for me to hit the brakes and turn the wheel in time to side slam the gates. Activating my zero knockback to not be launched into the side of the cab.

"Shiesse!/Fuck!" Take a guess on who said what.

"This is fun!" I say with a

Not stopping, I hit the gas as another cop adds their siren to the orchestra of law enforcement following us.

"We're gonna die." Newter says with an awkward laugh.

"I'm indestructible." I say before pointing at Nightcrawler with my tail. "And he can teleport."

"Okay, I'm gonna die." Newter corrects himself.

"Oh gesegnete Maria, Mutter Christi, geheiligt sei deine-" Nightcrawler starts praying as he closes his eyes.

"Hey!" I scoff at him as I take a turn onto a highway, into oncoming traffic. "Have some faith!"

"I am!" Nightcrawler shouts. "It's why I'm praying!"

"Faith in me!" I say as I intermittedly enhance my perception to avoid the oncoming cars.

Not as easy when they swerve! Keep driving straight jackasses! I'm trying to be safe here!

It doesn't take long before a helicopter light is now on us. And the cops are in the distance. Heavily slowed and held back by the oncoming cars that keep swerving.

"Whelp." Newter says in a bored tone. "Can't say I saw this being how it ends."

"Drama queens, both of you." I roll my eyes as I spot my target.

An underpass!

Using my illusions, I generate a bright flash of light just as I hit the underpass. And while under it, I spin the truck around. Opening the door, I hop out using my strength and speed to keep it steady and to keep it from spinning endlessly. I then hop back in, and use my illusions to change the truck's color, hide the safe, and make it look like I'm a normal man.

"Get down!" I say as I hit the gas to keep the trucks speed.

"What?" Newter asks.

"Now!" I say as I use an illusionary bar to shove him down to the floor of the backseat.

Looking over, I see Nigtcrawler is already curled up under the dash on the passenger's side. He gives me a thumbs up, never once opening his eyes as I continue to drive. The cops driving right pass us as the copter searches aimlessly for us.

"I accept cash by the way."

.

.

Later I would find the police chase was live, and several people pointed me out. And the truck that came out of the underpass, that never went under it in the first place.

Oh well. I doubt stealing an expensive truck will come back to bite me later.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N

Credit to RadChaos897 for the L-Glucose idea!

I still have that Google doc

.

"'Tschuldigung, kleine mädchen."

"Sorry, little miss."

.

"Bitte Mädchen?"

"Excuse me little girl?"

.

"Wir sind gut."

"We are good."

.

"Oh gesegnete Maria, Mutter Christi, geheiligt sei deine-"

"Oh blessed Mary, mother of Christ, hallowed be thy-"

.

This Butcher is, different. Not in role, but in person. The Nine's visit to Boston changed a few things.

.

This Edward is a bit of a darker take on Edward Elric. Which, for Worm makes sense. He still has the same mindset and values, just twisted by his shard's conflict drive. Whereas before he would never instigate so much violence because he hates the idea of people dying at his hands, here the conflict drive is making that inhibition a bit looser.

It's a lot easier to ignore the lives lost, when he isn't the direct cause or the one doing it. And his faction of the shattered Empire, God's Hand, is easily the least violent faction. And now, the only faction.

Edward is steadily dismantling the Empire with none the wiser save Tattletale. He intends to take away all of his father's ability to harm his brothers.

Hell, canon Edward Elric dismantled a country.

.

It's also funny to think about how with Kitsu's expanding influence and thus her continued disruption of precog and even some pericogs, that Ed's own natural intelligence is more useful than a lot of thinkers in Brockton.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas moving forward. I especially love it when you guys speculate or make guesses as I do use them.

.

.

.

Find in newb's-grotto at the discord!

.

Link to the discord: discord. gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, macdjord, Alduinian and 128 others
Newb to the game
Jul 18, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 67 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#517
A/N: Shootout!

Alt Title: This was, an idea

.

.
New deal! 8 comments for the final chapter to catch up!

Mostly because I'm going to be away from my computer for a few hours.
.

YeTianshi: Noted, more past Kitsu Shenanigans as soon as I think of them.

Kaykaykaykayan: Sophia will never learn

And some people just embody the fact that Darwinism does not apply to humans. Hence, Darwin awards.

Redburndragon: oh absolutely, Ed is just working to make sure it all burns. Not just most of it.

Ben Turner1: We've all been there.

RadChaos897: Yeah, I know what you mean. I really need to find a new job myself. My boss, the one who got me my job and has been at the company for 10 years, just got fired for a single documentation error and now the entire department I work in is falling apart. The real reason he got fired is because the Store Lead has several ethics claims and abuse of power claims on his record, and my boss was one of 2 people qualified to replace him. Now there's only one.

This place fucking sucks.

Anyway! Enjoy the chapter of guerilla warfare fox!

Gogmazios: You're welcome!

Grimnosh: the incident with the truck happened 3 years ago. But aside from that, here's the chapter. I'm half awake while writing this so, sorry.

DancingLeaf: I've been avoiding other fanfics to keep them from influencing my writing too much. That and I don't have time.

Rc Jackson: not really.

Mintcakes: Hello from FFN!

recon100035: You're welcome!

.

.

First half FUN! Second half not fun.

That's all you need to know for this chapter.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Thursday, August 19th, The Rig, Cafeteria, 9am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Hopping down from my perch on the makeshift hill, I run towards the group of confused Wards. Eager to began my live game of team death match!

"Aegis and StopWatch are captains!" I say excitedly as I reach them.

Carlos with a neon green splatter on his chest. And Dennis a neon pink splatter on the side of his helm.

"Okay." Aegis says. "What's that mean? What's the deal here?"

"Glad you asked!" I say excitedly. "Team death match! Softcore. You get shot in your arm, you can't use that arm. You get shot in the chest three times, and you're out! Shot in the head? Out!"

They all share a look towards each other, some questioning, some bored, some I can't tell because they have their face covered.

"Oh! And no powers!" I say quickly.

"Fuck that!" Sophia says as she turns around and leaves.

I watch her leave, not too bothered by her refusal to play when she knows she might lose. She's petty like that. And I'm petty enough that I'd probably be the one targeting her.

"I'm not interested." Vergil says before leaving abruptly.

Odd.

"Alright, should make this interesting." Carlos says with a crack of his neck. "So, we choose our teams?"

"Yep!" I say excitedly. "Negotiate, take turns, however you want!"

"Take turns, rock paper scissors to see who picks first?" Dennis offers.

"Sure." Carlos says with a shrug.

"One two three shoot!" They both say as Dennis reaches a hand out and freezes Carlos just before he extends his hand fully.

"Paper beats rock." He says before turning to us.

"That's cheating!" Missy points out.

"Sue me." He says. "No powers during the game. Never said anything about before."

Missy looks to me, likely to mediate or clarify. Truthfully I found it funny. So, I'll allow it. And give a shrug in response.

Missy gives a long sigh at my noncommittal answer. While Dennis just looks out at the group.

"Hmm, Gallant." He says, pointing to the teen. "Get over here and join team winner!"

Dean shakes his head softly as he walks over to stand behind Dennis.

"I'm going to regret this." He says softly.

"Maybe." I say before turning to Dennis. "You know I'm also playing. Right?"

He turns to look at me for a bit, before looking back out at the other Wards who had lined up to be picked.

"Hey!" I scoff, slightly offended at the antic.

"Aegis!" He says, looking to the Ward's leader. "It's your turn to- oh, right."

Who is still frozen.

.

.

-1 minute later-

.

.

"Scissors!" He says as he extends his fingers, before looking around. "Fuck!"

"Language!" I call out. "Also it's your turn."

Carlos looks to Dennis and points a finger at him threateningly.

"I'll get you for that one." He says before turning to me. "You said no powers, right?"

"During the matches." I nod enthusiastically. "And I'm playing! So you can pick me!"

"Right, Kid Win." He says without any hesitation.

"Hey!" I shout.

"We work well together." Carlos says evasively. Almost too quickly.

"My turn." Dennis says. "Vista, get over here."

I can't even say anything to that. On one hand, I was passed over again. But, I can't insult my girl!

"FastTrack." Carlos says.

"Dude!" I yell.

He doesn't even look at me this time.

"Invisiline." Dennis says.

"Both of the noobs?!" I say dejectedly.

I'm the last one.

"Kitsu." Carlos says.

"Kinda pointless now." I grumble as I trudge towards where I stashed the weapons.

.

.

-3 minutes later-

.

.

Carlos "Aegis" POV

.

"Alright, everyone suited up?" I ask.

Getting a round of confirmation from the two guys and, comically short girl. Who is wearing a PRT Riot helm she got from, somewhere. I go over the plan again.

"Right, Kid Win, get to the corner and give the callouts. FastTrack, stay behind cover and take out anyone you see leaving cover. Kitsu, try not to get shot." I say to all of them. "When the clear is given, charge ahead and take out anyone you see moving."

"Roger!" Kitsu's slightly muffled voice comes out.

Truth is? I'm aware of how, athletically challenged Kitsu is. That's why I didn't pick her. And why I'm sure Dennis didn't either. He shared a gym class with her, and I've heard from Vicky how she sucks at anything without her powers.

"Alright, we ready?" I ask.

Getting a round of affirmation I shout over the room.

"We're good!" I yell over.

"Same!" Dennis shouts. "On three!?"

"Three!"

"Two!"

"One!"

Neither of us say go as I just snap my fingers at the group and motion my hands for them to move.

Kitsu runs out from our makeshift fort to take cover at a table-

*Pop*

Only to get domed immediately.

"Headshot!" I hear Missy's voice callout.

Kitsu just lays on the ground motionlessly.

"If any of you step on my tail I'll kill you!" She shouts from her position.

This may be harder than I thought.

*Pop* *Pop* *Pop*

"Got your arm!" Missy calls.

'Damn!' I think to myself.

*Pop*

"Headshot!" Missy again!

Peeking my head around the corner of our fort, I look around, and spot Missy popping up from behind cover to aim right at me!

*Pop*

I duck back just in time to avoid a sim round to the face.

"How the hell?" I think out loud.

*Pop* *Pop* *Pop*

"Hah!" I FastTrack shout victoriously. "Nice try sis!"

*Pop*

"Ahhh!" He gives a high pitched squeal.

"What do nutshots count as?" Missy asks.

"Body shot!" Kitsu shouts.

*Pop*

"Headshot!" Dean calls.

"I would just like to Argue that a nutshot is a headshot!" Dennis shouts.

"Wrong head!" FastTrack whines.

"Hey, uh, do bunker taps count?" I hear Dean behind me.

Knowing Kitsu, I immediately swing my gun around and headshot him. Catching him off guard with a point blank shot to the helm.

Benefits of having a body with the adrenaline always turned on.

"Ah!" He shouts in surprise as he shoots me in the gut out of reflex.

"No!" Kitsu yells from her position. "None of that sissy crap! Shoot or die!"

"Good to know." I say.

*Pop* *Pop* *Pop*

Only to get shot three times in my back.

"You're out man." Dennis says from behind me.

Seems I got flanked in my own fort.

"Is that everyone?" I ask as I turn around and face the guy at the other 'entrance' of our 'fort'.

"Yep." He says with cocky nod as he strikes a pose with his hand on his hip and his gun on his shoulder. "Still got Vista, you got none."

"Neat." I say and switch my rifle from semi to auto, then raise the gun to his head and unload my clip.

*Pop**Pop* *Pop* *Pop* *Pop*

"Dude!" He yells as he's knocked over by the force of five sim rounds to the face.

"Told you I'd get you back."

.

.

-Round 2, 9:30am-

.

.

"Okay, Kitsu, keep your ears out and act as our radar. Kid, you're taking the other entrance, Track, you're taking offence." I tell them.

"Why is it just me?" He asks.

"Because last time it was you and Kitsu, Kitsu got sniped immediately." I explain to him. "I'm trying to see if they have some sort of strategy, or if Kitsu just sucks."

"Hey!"

"Alright, fair enough." He concedes.

"Hey!"

"Alright, we ready?" I ask.

"You guys ready?!" Dennis shouts.

"I'm ready/Same here." Chris and FastTrack say.

I look to Kitsu, who is still wearing the helm. Only with a big pink splatter on the side. Arms crossed and likely pouting.

"Ready?" I ask.

"I do not suck." She says defiantly.

"Okay, you don't." I say, placating the fourth member of my team. "Ready?"

"Fine." She grumbles.

"Ready!" I shout back.

"Three?!" Dennis shouts, initiating the countdown.

"Two!" I continue.

"One!/One!"

"Go!" I wave FastTrack out.

He takes a running start, unpowered, towards the nearest bit of cover.

*Pop*

And barely dodges a round to the head as he power slides. Stopping himself with his foot against the leg of the overturned table.

"That was Vista." Kitsu says. "She's got her eyes on him, and huh, Gallant and Invisiline are advancing on the other side."

Looking towards Chris, I nod to him as he peaks out over the side of our fort. Quickly raising his gun, he fires off a few shots. Three at a time as he takes controlled shots.

"Got Gallant in his arm." Chris says as he ducks back. Avoiding a few rounds that splatter against the wall we're up against and the sheet he's hiding behind in bright colors. "Couldn't get a clean shot at Invisiline though."

"That was Mi-Vista taking shots by the way." Kitsu relays.

'What?' I think to myself. 'Since when did Missy turn into a professional sniper?'

"Oh, and you did hit Invisiline." Kitsu says to Chris. "You got her foot."

"Got it." I say before turning my head towards FastTrack, peaking my head slightly to address him. "Try to advance!" I order.

"Roger!" He says and jumps over the table.

*Pop* *Pop*

"Headshot!" Missy calls, again!

"What the hell?" I think out loud to myself.

"Forget this!" Kitsu says as she charges out with her rifle raised. "KIIITTSSSSUUUU!"

"What no!" I say as I try and reach out for her, only to narrowly miss her shoulder as she charges out of the makeshift fort.

I ball my fists in frustration before letting out a sigh.

*Pop* *Pop* *Pop*

"You know." I say softly as I lean against the 'wall' of our fort. "This is actually going about how I thought it would."

*Pop* *Pop*

"Hah!" Kitsu yells victoriously.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Ducking behind a table right next to the girl I just downed, I keep my ears out for any footsteps. Before I realize my helmet is messing with my ability to hear, I pull it off and toss it out to the side.

"So, do I just-" Violet starts.

"Shush, you're dead." I say to the girl currently painted in ink.

I expected Missy to take a few shots at the helmet I tossed, but nothing.

*Tap* *Tap*

I hear Dean slowly making his way towards me. How do I know it's him? The sound of his armored shoes. His is heavier than Dennis's.

Looking over to Violet, I get a devious idea.

"I don't like that smile." She says with a concerned look on her face.

"Hush up, corpse." I say and push her slumped body over, just past the table's cover.

*Pop*

"Argh!" Violet cries as she holds the side of her head.

"Sorry!" Missy cries.

*Tap*

I quickly peek around the other side and unload my clip into Dean. Catching him more than five times in the chest.

"Hah!" I say as I run past him, using him as cover to make it towards closer cover, now halfway across the room.

Human shields!

I'd drag one of them with me. But this is no powers, and I can barely lift forty pounds unpowered. Dragging a body would be, over encumbering.

Curse this tiny body!

"What's going on?" Dennis asks.

"I think she figured it out." Missy whispers.

"Why are you whispering?" Dennis asks.

"She has like, super good ears." Missy says.

Taking the opportunity. I run out from my cover as they're distracted by their conversation.

"Crap!" Missy hisses. "She's moving!"

'How does she know?' I think to myself as I dive behind another table.

*Pop* *Pop* *Pop* *Pop*

"Headshot!" Missy calls.

Looking back, I see Chris had ran out from the fort and got lit up. His helm now sporting three different colors.

"Well." I say softly. "Me thinks this be a bit of a kerfuffle."

Keeping my ears up, I listen for any movement. Hearing it from back at my side, I look back to see Carlos charging forward from the opposite side of the fort.

*Pop*

He dodges a shot from Missy by ducking behind cover, now halfway across the room. Just a bit further back than I am.

"I'm going." I hear Dennis say before he starts running.

Peeking up, I get to raise my gun just in time to shoot him, as Carlos gets up to shoot him as well.

Which all leads to a half second exchange that ends in me shooting Dennis in the side twice, Carlos getting him in the chest once, and Dennis getting Carlos in the head.

"Bodyshot!" I call.

"Headshot!" Dennis calls at the same time.

Dennis looks around, and seeing me wave at him. He looks down to his side to see the bright patches of ink. With a shrug, he lays down on the ground as Carlos slumps over his cover, the table.

Now it's just me, and Missy.

"Who's out!?" Missy calls.

I've pieced together that she's using her power as a radar. Which, I should've figured out sooner. I'm the one that pointed out to her she could use it like that.

Her radar however is, not very precise. And it's always on, so it's easy for her to just, tune it out as white noise unconsciously. The best way she put it, is it's like breathing. When you focus on it, then it's at the front of your mind, but it's very easy to let go if something catches your attention.

So, taking advantage of that, I dash out of cover and towards the enemy fort. Jumping around the side I aim my gun at the surprised girl.

"Gotcha!" I shout victoriously as I pull the trigger.

*Click*

…

I stare at her.

…

She stares at me.

…

I hold my gun to chest and ramp up the cutesy act in a panic.

"You wouldn't really shoot me, would you?" I ask sweetly.

She raises her gun.

.

.

-Round 3, 10am-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I shot her.

And it felt better than I care to admit.

Not shooting her!

Winning against her. She's so good at so many things that, It's just satisfying to beat her at something.

I doubt she sees it that way, what with how she's now sporting a bright blue splotch of hair. And an adorable pouty face.

"Revenge!" She says as she aims the gun at my gut.

She's currently on top of me.

"Shoot me and you get no kisses for a week." I say quickly.

She stays still, the gun still aimed at my gut as she remains motionless.

"Are you kidding me!?" Carlos shouts.

"You're dead!" I shout back.

He and Dennis have been targeting each other, and the rest of us have been taking advantage of it.

"Consider this the voice of the damned!" He shouts. "Shoot her!"

"Do I still get cuddles and scratches?" Kitsu asks.

'That's what was keeping her!?' I think incredulously. 'I mean, it's flattering to see where her priorities are.'

"Cuddles yes, but they may be reluctant." I say. "Scratches? Only if you do something to earn it."

"I can live with that." She says and lets off three shots into my chest.

"Owww!" I groan as the fake bullets hit my leather padding.

They still hurt!

"Does my Missy need kisses to feel better?" Kitsu tries to act seductively.

"No kisses!" I shout.

"Meanie!"

.

.

-Round 4, 10:15am-

.

.

Dennis "Clockblocker" POV

.

"Okay." I pant as I press myself against the cover. "You can do this."

So far the score is our favor. Picking Missy was honestly a stroke of luck. I never thought that her power's Manton Limit also acts as a sort of radar for living things. The only issue is when they're grouped up, it becomes hard for her to separate the entities. Hence why Invisiline got headshot.

Current plan? Try and bait them out. Let Missy snipe them.

"Fastball special!" I hear Kitsu rapidly approaching.

Peaking over the corner to see her curled up and hurtling through the air towards our fort!

"I thought you said no powers!?" I shout as she crashes into our fort, collapsing the structure as Missy dives out of it.

"No powers!" Carlos shouts. "She's like, forty pounds! Super easy to just throw!"

"Fucking course." I curse as I sit back down.

*Pop* *Pop* *Pop*

Kitsu just took out Missy.

"Vista why!?" Kitsu says as she definitely uses her powers to speed over to the girl, catching her in her arms as Missy goes limp. "Why? We could've worked this out! We didn't have to fight! Why cruel world!? Why must you tear at us so!? To take two lovers who-"

I cut her off by raising my gun and headshotting her.

*Pop*

"Blegh!" She says as she falls back, Missy on top of her as she falls back.

"You're a dork." Missy laughs, giving Kitsu a light slap on her shoulder.

"I am, ded." She says.

*Pop* *Pop*

Shit!

The others are still here!

Getting up and looking over the cover. I'm met face to barrel with Carlos's gun.

"Fuck." I groan as I realize Kitsu was likely a distraction.

*Pop*

And my helm is blacked out by the ink.

"What the hell is going on in here!?" Piggot's voice sounds out.

I don't like that tone.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

All good things, come to an end. Whelp! Time to bail myself out of this one!

I have a plan. Basically I'll just tell them how I got ahold of everything. Revealing the massive holes in their security and using that to walk away from all of this.

"We were about to tie before you interrupted!" I shout.

"You!" She says pointing to me. "Who gave you authorization to acquire our simulation rounds and our guns!? Or approve a whole training exercise!?"

"You stole all of this!?" Missy asks as she gets up.

'Ooh.' I feel my face heat up in shame. 'Didn't, think about that.'

"Um, well actually it's." I stutter at Missy's glare. "Not exactly."

The doors open again as I struggle to come up with a way to placate both of them. I can't lie and say I got them with permission, Piggot's right here. And I can't admit I stole them, Missy's right there.

"That's quite enough darling." The shorter woman from a few days ago says as she walks into the room. "I'll take it from here."

"Director Mode." Piggot says, turning to the fast paced shorter woman. "I appreciate the concern, but this is not your jurisdiction."

"I wasn't talking to you." She says as she walks past her and to me.

She turns on her heels and addresses Piggot. Seemingly for me.

"I asked her to do this." She says.

"What?" Me and Piggot say at the same time.

She turns her head slightly, addressing me in a soft voice.

"Honey, when opportunity presents itself you strike." She says before addressing Piggot in a clearer voice. "I asked her to take on this little venture. A fun game to prove my point."

Piggot's face seems to blow a gasket as she looks down at the shorter woman.

"You mean to say you had a guest, steal government equipment and perform an unauthorized training exercise in an unsupervised environment. Without any authority to do so!?" She glowers at the woman.

Better her than me.

"Well as they say darling, forgiveness and permission." She says. "Besides! This is perhaps the best example I could hope for to prove my point!"

She quickly turns on her heel and points to Missy.

"You! Green girl!" She shouts. "To the infirmary alongside Invisiline if you would?"

Missy for her part just looks between the two directors. Seemingly unsure as to what is going on. And I'm not so sure either.

"Vista, stay." Piggot says. "She has no authority over you or anyone here."

'Oh, I see what's going on!' I think to myself. 'Politics.'

"That is correct." The shorter woman says. "But if you'd like for your bruises to be attended to."

"I'm not bruised." Violet says. "Well, maybe the back of my head because I wasn't wearing my full helmet."

"Same." Dash says, raising his hand.

I can't see her face from how she's standing in front of me. But I can tell she has a shit eating grin from Piggot's glare.

"Vista, infirmary." Piggot says. "Same with anyone else who believes they need to be seen!"

Missy slowly gets up, along with Chris and Dennis as they all tentatively head out of the training room. While the two directors stare at each other.

"Kitsu, how did you get ahold of the munitions and armaments?" Piggot asks without looking away from Edna. "I assume she helped you?"

"Um." I'm not sure how to answer.

"You can be honest darling." Edna says as she walks towards the door. "My work is done here."

Looking back and forth between the two. I realize I may have fucked up more than I thought I would.

.

.

-2 hours later, PR department-

.

.

Walking into the office alongside Vicky and Mom, who is not happy. I'm met with the scent of various cleaners and really overused cologne.

"As you can see these designs are horridly inappropriate." I hear Edna say heatedly from one of the glass officed areas. "No ballistic weave, no peripheral circuitry, zero utility. It's as though you want to lose Wards."

"The Wards are to make the people more accepting of capes." I hear a low, almost oily voice reply. "They don't employ the usual protections because they're not meant to see active combat!"

Oily as in smooth, but low and almost stuffy.

"Darling you are a fool." I hear Edna say in the plainest way possible.

Following Mom as she opens the door to the meeting room. I'm met with the sight of Piggot, Edna, Costa-Brown, Missy in her Vista costume, Carlos in costume as well, Miss Militia, a random guy in a suit, and the Incredibles. Oh, and Armsmaster in the corner. Looking even grumpier than usual.

I wonder why.

"Ah, the young protégé." Edna says with a smug tilt of her head. "Now that my partner in crime is here, we can fully begin."

I am so grounded once this is over.

Taking a seat next to Mom at the corner of the table, Chief Director Costa-Brown stands and looks to me.

"Public relations can wait." She says. "For now, Kitsu. This is twice you've proven to us that our security methods are ineffective-"

"Twice?" I hear Missy mumble.

"What I'd like to know, is how this one came about." Costa-Brown asks. "Specifically, did you receive any assistance?"

"No." I answer.

"Truth." Armsmaster says.

"Then how did you manage to secure not only twelve rifles, but forty eight mags of simulation ammo?" She asks pointedly. "And how did you hide all of it?"

Taking a breath, I begin to go through how I did all that she asked.

"Well, I stashed all of it in Training Room three. Mostly by turning invisible and moving the cameras sligtly to hide all of the stuff just out of view." I begin.

"Impossible." Costa-Brown cuts me off. "The cameras have been checked and verified to be untampered with."

"I never said the cameras in the room." I correct. "In the vents."

There's a bout of silence that follows my statement. As everyone takes in the knowledge that I'm in the vents.

"Okay, and the tables?" Miss Militia asks after she regains her composure.

"I took them apart piece by piece and stashed them under the benches in Training Room three's observation room." I answer.

"Truth." Armsmaster says.

"How did you get a hold of the arms in the first place?" Costa Brown asks.

"I used my biokinesis to get past the retinal scanner, and use an I.D. I pickpocketed off of a guard to make an illusion of a guard requesting the supplies." I continue.

"There is no way a singular guard could acquire twelve rifles and forty eight magazines worth of training ammunition without the proper forms." Armsmaster corrects.

"I caught the teller watching porn on the job and blackmailed him." I answer, much to everyone's blank faced surprise.

"Seriously?" Vicky asks, leaning over to look at me across from Mom.

"Armsmaster?" Costa-Brown asks.

"Kitsu, how much do you weigh?" He asks all of a sudden.

"I'll have you know I'm a dainty forty pounds!" I stick my tongue out at him.

"Lie." He says.

"Fine!" I say with a huff. "Forty two."

'Jackass' I think to myself.

"Truth." He says. "She was telling the truth in regards to the staff member that gave her access to the armory."

"Porn on the job at The Rig?" Mr. Incredible says to his wife. "Either the bravest or dumbest man here."

That earns him a slap on the shoulder from his wife. Who tries to hide her smile with a frown.

"How often have you been navigating through the vents?" Piggot asks.

"A few days." I answer. "All I do is avoid triggering the pressure pads at the vents entrances and turn invisible to avoid the cameras."

Costa-Brown takes a deep breath and turns her attention toward Piggot.

"Find the staff who allowed her into the armory, see if you can't find evidence of his, misconduct." She says. "Other than that, you have your security holes."

"With all due respect, I highly doubt anyone else to be capable of infiltrating in the same manner." Piggot defends. "And that's not even taking into account the clear breach in protocol Director Mode oversaw in authorizing this."

"If a twelve year old little girl can figure out how to avoid our security measures, so can others." Costa-Brown says.

"Chief Director, her thinker power presents a unique-"

"My thinker power never gave me any insight into any of that, everything I did." I cut her off.

Piggot looks to me with a glare as I say that, before looking to Armsmaster.

"Truth." He says. "And I agree with the Chief Director on this one. If a single hyper active cape can so soundly maneuver-"

"That'll be all Armsmaster." Piggot silences the man, much to his annoyance.

"It seems we still have much to improve upon here." Costa-Brown says. "Director Piggot, I'm aware that this seems unfair and that this paints your leadership in a negative light. But understand that the security measures here are the same across the entirety of the PRT's compounds. This does not reflect poorly on you, but on the PRT as a whole. Please understand that."

"It is not my image that I am concerned about." Piggot says before motioning a hand towards Edna, who is casually inspecting her nails. "But my authority being so openly disputed and undermined."

"And trust that it will be rectified." Costa-Brown says sternly. "But for now we have other matters to attend to."

Translation?

Suck it up, there are more important things here than your feelings.

"Right, the important matter." Edna says as she glares at the suited man.

"My good director, I assure you that whatever misgivings you may have, no matter how well intended." The portly man says. "Are unfounded."

"Can I go now?" I whisper to Mom.

"No." She says in a stern whisper. "After this little stunt? You're not leaving my sight."

I am, so grounded.

"We need people to feel safe around our Wards." The man says. "Children, as much of a blessing they are-" He gives a, disturbing smile towards the Wards, and me. "-are well known to be temperamental and emotional. And as such, we strive to present a more disarming image."

"By literally disarming them?" Edna says plainly with a condescending look. "The people will feel safer, when our Wards are safely apprehending criminals."

"They shouldn't be apprehending criminals!" The man interjects. "That's why we keep them at the safer areas. And as such we use less resources keeping them safe, by reducing the need to keep them safe!"

"They're going to be out there when they graduate sweetie." Edna says with a wide smile. "You are arguing to prepare the road for the children, as opposed to preparing the children for the road."

"Blatant sophistry will not earn you favor here." He counters. "You're wanting to turn our children into soldiers. Not heroes! Chief Director, we've been over this-"

"Times change Mr. Chambers." Costa-Brown says. "That's why we're here. And looking over the medical reports, it would seem a change is needed."

"I assure you." The man says. "The designs are fine as is."

"Vista darling." Edna says suddenly, surprising said girl.

"Yes, Director Mode?" Missy asks, regaining her composure.

"How many scars did you have before Panacea healed them?" Edna asks with a knowing smirk.

'Scars?!' I think almost panickingly.

"Um, well, twelve, scars." Missy answers hesitantly.

"That means nothing." The man says. "A few scrapes can come from anywhere-"

"How many did you get from patrols darling?" Edna asks.

"Seven." Missy answers.

"Lie." Armsmaster says.

"Eight." Missy corrects dejectedly.

"You only have seven recorded injuries that would result in scarring." Costa-Brown says with a pointed stare.

Missy sits still as I imagine her giving shifty eyes under her visor.

"I, may have neglected to seek appropriate medical attention for my, first injury." She says in a soft, quiet voice.

"You're, first injury?" Costa-Brown asks. "When was this?"

"A, few weeks after I joined." Missy says. "On my, third patrol."

"You mean the one where Hookwolf tore through the Boardwalk?" Carlos asks. "You said your dress was just torn and nothing else! Why didn't you say anything?"

'Yeah, why didn't she?' I find myself thinking in agreement.

"The why is not important." Edna says. "The fact that it could have been prevented with proper outfitting is key here."

"An outlier, there will always be exceptions and accidents." The man presses. "You would have them outfitted as some sort of paramilitary force. Of which I can guarantee the public will not respond positively to!"

"Are they not a paramilitary force?" Edna challenges. "Besides, my region suffers no complications from this matter. I fail to see why yours would. If they can be hurt by simulation rounds, they can be killed by real ones. And trust me darling, there are more real threats than fake ones."

I can kinda see the divide here. The Northwest had a period of massive instability in the nineties or eighties. I don't remember. But the long and short of it was that capes were pretty much forced into hiding after riots and lynch mobs were indiscriminately targeting parahumans. It was in my social studies class. People died.

"If I may." Mr. Incredible raises his hand. "I may be uh, a bit biased here but, I fully agree with Edn- Director Mode. If it weren't for the safety and added precautions she enforces I, don't think I'd let my kids patrol."

It was the PRT's intervention in the early two thousands that worked to undo that mistrust and general fear of capes. But, it's still present. So I don't imagine Wards are as safe in the northwest as they are here. Hence the added defense to their costumes.

"And that is understandable given the circumstances the northwest saw." The man says, earning a glare from Mr. Incredible. "But things are different here. People accept the capes as part of everyday life! And we can't risk that by reforming them. People would ask why they need more safety, and that will lead to doubts as to their own safety. If the Wards need more protection, it means they aren't safe, if they aren't safe, are we?"

Ooh! That callout!

"Objection! Speculation!" I call out as I raise my hand. Leaning over the table and standing on my chair.

Everyone looks to me in varying levels of surprise and confusion.

What? I got bored.

"I just wanted to be included." I say as I sit back down.

"You just earned another week of grounding." Mom says sternly.

I need to learn how to shut up.

"She's still right." Edna says.

"Speculation it may be, but it is still a very real possibility." The man says.

"As is the fact and precedence that the Wards encounter life threatening danger." Edna says with a smirk.

'Ooh.' I think to myself as I see the man's face turn beet red. 'Cornered!'

Still bored.

"It's clear that this will only continue to go in circles." Costa-Brown says as she starts gathering papers. "Besides, I've made my decision. Edna, get with the design team and draft up some prototypes. Glenn, as for you, your job will remain the same. See to it that the public receives the changes well. That'll be all."

"If, that is all." Glenn grits out with a huff as he stands up. "I can see my breath will be wasted on any further, debate."

Edna meanwhile, looks like she just got nominated for a noble prize.

"If everyone barring the Dallons and Director Piggot will please leave? Glory girl, please leave as well. I've already called Mark up and he should be here shortly." Costa-Brown says suddenly.

"Shit." Mom says under her breath before looking to Costa-Brown. "You don't honestly mean now? Do you?"

'This, does not bode well.' I think worryingly.

The Incredibles, Wards, Glenn and Edna all get up and file out of the room.

Once the last one leaves, Costa-Brown finally answers her.

'Am I in more trouble?' I think as I spare a glance at Vicky, who only returns my confused look back at me.

"I do. Mr. Freeman has been rather, persistent in his requests to meet." Costa-Brown says. "And, legally speaking there is no precedent for this. He has a right to meet with his daughter."

"He literally never knew of her until you stepped in and went behind everyone's back to perform an illegal and nonconsensual DNA test!" Mom suddenly bursts out, standing up hard enough to knock her chair back. Scaring both me and Vicky.

"Mom, what's going on?" Vicky asks as I hug my tail.

"Not now Victoria." Mom says, raising a hand to block Vicky without even looking at her.

"And we've been over this." Costa-Brown says. "If you-"

"Bitch I'm already in the process of filing suite!" Mom yells. "You think a bitchy mother is a headache? Trying dealing with one who has yhe second biggest law firm on speed dial!"

Yeah, I think it be best if I just, I'm not here.

I turn invisible.

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

Following the secretary to the outside of an office I-

My thoughts all stop in place as I'm met with the familiar sight of the strawberry blonde man. Stern blue eyes and rounded face. Dressed in a suit, for once in his life I assume.

"Mark." Michael growls from beside the door.

"Michael." I return with the same amount of friendliness.

"I go by Mike now. And I see you're still leashed to my sister." He says curtly. Showing off that gruff charm he left with.

"Happily so." I say with false kindness. "Does Sarah know you're here?"

"I didn't intend to be here long enough to see her." He says. "Besides, this has nothing to do with her."

I resist the urge to punch the man. No matter how strong that urge is.

"It's a family matter." I correct him. "Then again I doubt you'd know much about that. You abandoned yours after all."

"I jumped a sinking ship." He says with a deeper frown.

'Don't do it.' I tell myself.

"And left everyone else to drown." I point out.

"You all chose to drown yourselves." He says with a bit more bite. "I can't be held responsible for looking after my own."

'You're better than that.' My conscience tells me.

"That's rich coming from the man who literally told his sisters they can 'Die on their own hills'." I scoff at the man.

"Says the man too wrapped up in his own problems to care for his own daughter." Mike jabs at me with a glare.

…

Huh, you know what?

"Says the man who left his fiancé's dream to die the moment she did." I say with a condescending glare.

Guess I'm not better.

Mike's face becomes absolutely apocalyptic with rage. If his face were any redder he'd pop a vein.I prepare myself for a fight, as he raises a hand-

"You're lucky I'm trying to set a good first impression with my daughter." He says with a finger in my face.

"She's not your daughter." I say through gritted teeth. "You have no right to anything in this family. Now get your hand out of my face before I break it."

"You don't tell me what to do." Mike challenges.

"Bet." I say as I smack his hand away.

We glare at each other for a good while. Though with Mike being a good half a head shorter than me, his glare loses a bit of its bite.

*Krt*

"Uncle Michael?" I hear Vicky's voice say from my right. "Is that you?"

We both look over to her, seeing Victoria's confused face only solidifies my fears.

"Great." Michael, Mike says under his breath. "Hey sunshine, how've ya been?"

"Who's Michael?" Kitsu says as she leans out from behind Vicky's legs. Startling her as well as me.

I knew I should've stayed in bed this morning.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

Dallon House DND pt 3

.

.

-Castle Salazar, Phandallin-

.

.

Leyawen POV

.

Staring up at the vampiric lord casually brandishing his broadsword in one hand.

This isn't how it was supposed to go! Elder vampire's are reliant on magic, not martial ability!

"I'll admit." The Lord of the castle, Waxilliam Salazar says as he walks towards me. "You were decent entertainment. That's more than can be said for most."

(Death saving, throw, that's a nat 20, what's that do again?)

(You're back up with one hit point.)

(Cool, I use my reaction to-)

Salazar brings up his blade and plunges it forth as I close my eyes.

I dread the thought dying here. My soul trapped and unable to recycle to the next elf. My immortal spirit, caged here forever. Just like Yuri's.

*squelch*

Something wet hits my face, and I open my eyes to see Hateron! He, jumped in front of me.

"Sorry lass." He says, looking back to me with a smirk as he holds Salazar's blade. "Was take'n a quick nap."

He looks backs to Salazar. All I see is Hateron's back, and the sword mere inches from my face.

(Death saving throw, success.)

(Same.)

(Constitution, fail. Fuck!)

My body refuses to do as I say, to move and do, anything as I watch Hateron struggle.

"Not bad." Salazar says. "But not good either."

"Oh, you wan'a good one?" Hateron says through coughs of blood. "How 'bout this'un?"

(I take out the Bowling Ball of the world.)

(Um, what's that do again?)

(On a failed con save the enemy is trapped in the ball. If their HP is lower than my spell casting modifier then it's permanent.)

(When did you get that?)

(The wondrous trader, in Neverwinter.)

…

(How long ago was that?)

(Like, ten sessions ago?)

(We've been trapped here for so long.)

With one hand holding the blade still, Hateron reaches into his bag of holding and pulls out the large glass orb. Swirling purples and blues cover the sphere inside the orb.

"Wait, no." I mutter deftly.

Hateron smashed the orb against Salazar's face.

(… Well?)

(It's at advantage gimme a sec!)

(…)

(…)

(… You got another nat one, didn't you?)

"Argh!" Salazar says as he fumbles back. Holding his face as blood seeps down his nose. "Just for that I'll make your death slow!"

"Heh, if you have time." Hateron says as he drops the orb and falls to his knees.

Salazar glares at Hateron in confusion, before noticing the blood from his nose dripping towards the orb. He looks on first in contemplation, then gives us a steely eyed glare as more and more of him draws into the orb. Like dust swirling towards the ball.

"Well played." He gives a single line, before he fades completely.

.

.

Amy "Panacea" Dallon POV

.

"And thusly, with a blade in his gut, Hateron falls to his side." Kitsu narrates the little figurine illusions. "Blood spilling out."

"You said we can choose to fail our saving throws right?" I ask Kitsu.

"Um, yeah." She says.

"I fail my death saving throws." I say.

"What!?" Missy asks.

"Why would you do that!?" Vicky asks.

"I'm bored with this character." I shrug. "Wanna be cleric barbarian."

"But we have a cleric." Mark says, pointing to himself. "And a barbarian." He points to Missy.

"Yeah, and you can't heal for crap!" I point out. "I want to be to be able to heal you guys, and then beat the crap out of you myself for your dumb decisions."

"I think you're taking the whole catharsis by proxy a bit far." Kitsu says.

"Let me have this!"

.

.

Oog POV

.

Getting to my claws and knees, I hold my head as I look around the dark room.

"Ooh." I groan as I stand up. "I feel like my shell was removed and shoved back on backwards."

"Hateron?" I hear the young elven druid call out.

Looking around, I spot Little Leya over Hateron's body, blood pooling around him as Salazar's sword lay beside him.

"Hateron!" Leya yells, shaking him.

I rush over to investigate, my heart pounding as I fear the worst. Making my way on shaky legs, I see my fears confirmed. Cold, lifeless, dull eyes in my haregon friend.

(I try and see if I can't revive him somehow.)

(okay, but real quick, Dad.)

(Alright I got this.)

…

(Nat one, looks like two people are dead.)

(Damn it Amy!)

(How is that my fault!?)

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Collin "Armsmaster" Wallis POV

.

"My armor is spotless." I grumble to myself as I disinfect my workdesk. "There is no perceivable way I just got this."

"It's a common enough fungal infection Collin." Dragon says in my comms piece.

"Fifteen years, I've not had a single illness in fifteen years." I respond as I scrub. "And suddenly I get a break out of hyper aggressive athlete's foot? I call sabotage."

"Collin, you're being dramatic." Dragon responds.

"I am not." I say as I move to my two hundredth and thirty eighth tool.

"Yes you are!" She argues. "It's bad enough you tried to cauterize the infection, now you're saying someone gave it to you. It's an extremely commoninfection! Especially for those who are as active as you. The fact you've gone nearly two decades without contracting athlete's foot, with how much you travel? It was a matter of time."

Stopping in my ministrations, my tool half disassembled. I realize she may be right. And that I'm blowing this out of proportion.

"Perhaps, you're right." I say as I resume cleaning the rest of my tools.

"Thank you." She says.

"I'll just have to redouble my hygienic practices to ensure my risk is even lower." I assure her.

"God damnit it Collin!"

.

.

.

.

.

A/N Cliffhanger!

Idea for the Dallon House DND pt 3 goes to LordVortex on discord

.

Mike is here! How will this effect things?

.

Missy definitely has her suspicions that Edna's "request for Kitsu" is bullshit. Just more to pile up!

.

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas moving forward. I especially love it when you guys speculate or make guesses as I do use them.

.

.

.

Find in newb's-grotto at the discord!

.

Link to the discord: discord. gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, macdjord and 128 others
Newb to the game
Jul 18, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 68 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 19, 2024
Add bookmark
#528
A/N: Haste makes waste

Alt Title: regretful encounters
ALL CAUGHT UP MY NOOBS!
.

.

Next is a chapter of The Wild Tale of Cyril Leon, and then The Last Heir, simply because I haven't done it in a while.

.

.

YeTianshi: I'll be honest, not much to satisfy your cliffhanger issue.

Maybe next chapter though.

T4ndoris: The goal is really just limit Kitsu's blindspot influence. It's growing too big to be ignored. And without any thinker powers to rely on, they're flailing in the dark.

Rc Jackson: you got to it decently fast.

Thehorsemanofpestilence: Soon.

Grimnosh: I feel I gave Glenn a decent cameo. And I feel I handled this chapter realistically as to how I've portrayed Kitsu in the past.

You'll see what I mean.

Kaykaykaykayan: Leave it Carol to put the fear of The Law in people.

And for Kitsu to creative ways getting what she wants!

recon100035: You're welcome!

DancingLeaf: … that cat thing? I'm stealing it. I am so stealing that idea.

RadChaos897: You're soul? With how often you've cloned yourself you've decreased its value with sheer inflation!

But fine. I guess I could take another.

Remember the ship? Remember how you speculated it, sinking?

Hehehehehheheheh.

Anyway! Those aren't bugs! They're features!

The argument was more: Practicality vs. public support.

The public doesn't want to see the Wards as a subsection of law enforcement. They want to see them as more of an after school advanced ROTC club. And presenting them as junior soldiers with riot gear and all, could easily have a fascist implication. That's what Glenn and Piggot are so desperate to avoid.

As for your suggestion? Yes.

And, none of those questions will be answered because Kitsu does, what she always does when she can't figure out what to do.

I recommend Mammoth Cave Natural Park.

.

Wonder what happened to Akiralator and Casanova5424.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

*Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Thursday, August 19th, The Rig, PR department, 12:40pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Just after Mom told Vicky to leave, I fully intended to sneak out with her. It seemed whatever was going on, only kinda involved me. So, I'd just get the cliff notes later.

That's when I noticed the shouting. I recognized Dad's voice, and, vaguely recognized the other. It, kind of scared me. I couldn't place the voice, but it made me fearful of it for some reason.

Vicky opens the door, and freezes in place.

"Uncle Michael?" She says questioningly. "Is that you?"

'Uncle?' I think to myself. 'Does Dad have relatives I don't know about? Or is Vicky seeing a sugar daddy on the side?'

"Great." I assume Michael says under his breath. "Hey sunshine, how've ya been?"

"Who's Michael?" I say as I lean out from behind Vicky's legs. Curiosity having gotten the better of me.

I see Dad and a tall, golden blonde haired man with a beard. Think, David Beckham full beard. Now make it a tone redder than my hair. Blue eyes like Mom's and Vicky's.

Michael and Dad stand there, staring at me with wide eyes as Vicky steps back.

"Fuck." I hear Mom curse silently behind us. "Kitsu, get over here, Vicky, please go."

"What?" Vicky says in confusion as she turns toward Mom. "Hold on! What's Uncle Michael doing here? You told me he was in witness protection!"

'Ooh!' I muse in my head. 'I smell something juicy!'

"I am." Michael says almost tiredly. "And I go by Mike now. Now please Sunshine, do as your mother says."

"What? No!" Vicky says with an increasingly perplexed tone. "Micha-Mike! What happened? Where'd you go? Why'd you leave?"

"Victoria!" Mom shouts, causing both me and her to flinch.

Looking towards the red faced woman, I watch with bated breath as she takes a deep breath, sighs, and opens her eyes.

"Victoria, I promise you that I'll answer, all of your questions." Mom says in a measured voice. "Later. For now, please, leave."

Vicky, with a concerned look on her face, does so. Quietly and awkwardly shuffling past Mike and Dad. I stay here because I'm genuinely interested in seeing this teapot spill over.

"Kitsu, please come over here." Mom says as she pulls out a chair.

Shrugging, I walk back around the table and take back my original seat.

"So is he Dad's brother or yours?" I ask.

"Mine." Mom says without looking at me, a deep frown set in stone on her face as she glares at the man.

"Oof." I say as I look towards the bearded man. "Bad blood?"

"Kitsu, just, please understand I'm not in the best mood." Mom starts as she looks to me. "And, yes there's bad blood. Just, please behave, okay?"

'Oh wow, this is serious.' I think to myself. 'She never asks. She tells.'

Which means she's desperate over, something.

Mike and Dad flow into the room, closing the door behind him. Mike looks like he's about to walk around the table to us, bit hesitates as Dad cuts him off, moving to sit right next to me as Mike takes a seat directly across from me.

'Okay, why does this feel ominous?' I think to myself as Mom and Dad have a stare down with Mike. 'I'm starting to think I'm more than just a little bit involved here.'

The awkward silence stretches on for several more moments. The room settling into a suspenseful atmosphere as it gets quiet enough for me to hear everyone's heartbeats.

"Right then." Costa-Brown breaks the silence. "If it's alright, I'll get this, unique case started."

"Might as well." Mom says with no small amount of venom in her voice. "Not like we'll get anywhere like this."

Meanwhile, Dad reaches over and scratches my ears. Earning a contended groan from me as I lean into his hand.

"Yeah that's it." I say as his rough hands work their magic on my head. "Lower, up, no, yeah, right there."

"Stay calm Michael." I hear Mike say under his breath.

'I thought it was Mike?' I sarcastically taunt in my head.

"I would like to start this off by saying this meeting is in no way meant to cause undue stress to any party here." Costa-Brown says.

*Beep* the soft tick of Armsmaster's internal lie detector goes off.

But, he doesn't say anything.

My heart races as I understand the meaning behind that simple fact. Armsmaster, loves calling people out on lies. Friend or foe, it shows off the accuracy of his tech. The only reason he wouldn't call Costa-Brown out, is if he was ordered not to.

'Stay calm!' I tell myself. 'Don't let them see you react to that. Costa-Brown has a perfect memory and will notice.'

"Sure it isn't." Mom calls her out. But her heart rate says she's mostly saying that out of annoyance or anger. Not an actual suspicion of her lying.

"I know, it's taxing." Costa-Brown says. "But the sooner we get through this, the sooner a resolution can be found."

"The only resolution I want is my and Jess's daughter taken out of New Wave!" Mike says. "It already cost Jess her life, I'll not have it cost her daughter's life either."

"She's not your daughter!" Mom says, slamming her hands on the table as she stands up. "Get that through your spoiled ass head!"

Armsmaster and Miss Militia step forward, likely preparing to intervene. When Costa-Brown holds a hand to halt them.

"Before we get to any of that." She says, cutting into the conversation. "We should still tell Kitsu of her relations."

"Hmm?" My ears perk up. "What relations? Is this about me and Missy? I swear we didn't do anything!"

Dad stops scratching my ears to put his hands over his face as he groans. While Mom takes a deep breath through her nose.

"No." Costa-Brown says evenly. "What the Wards do in their spare time is of no concern to us, provided they're not breaking the law."

'I mean, depending on the country.' I think mischievously.

"Oh good." I say. "So, what's up?"

"Well, a while ago we had several white collar infiltrators test the PRT's security." Costa-Brown says. "One such test involved stealing five year old evidence from the lockup in Boston. Where we took the opportunity to test the blood samples left on it. And we found two matches. Belonging to Lightstar, and Fleur of New Wave."

I wrack my mind for any connection and relevance that might have. Piecing together any and all info that was just dropped.

'New Wave, five years, Fleur and Lightstar, Fleur died three years ago, five year old evidence with blood. What happened five years ago? Leviathan, and, and me.' I start to realize. 'Blood, blood, I, didn't trigger until after I was cut and clawed.'

"You are genetically the child of Jess Morgan and Michael Smith." Costa-Brown says. "Making Carol and Mark here, your aunt and uncle, and Mike, your father."

'My father!?' My mind screams. 'How the fuck is that possible!? I'm from a separate world. Sure this body may or may not be mine. No clue since my memories from before are jumbled and crap. But the odds of me being my mother's niece, wow, wrong way to put that.'

I find my mind blanking for a hot second as I recollect my thoughts.

"Now, we're able to deduce that you aren't from this earth." Costa-Brown says. "Jess died before having any children, and if you were a future child with a time power, the paradox would've erased you. So we can only conclude that you're from a yet to be registered separate earth."

'I already knew that.' I think sarcastically.

"Wait, does that mean I'm Vicky's biological cousin?" I ask out loud.

"Yes." Mom says solemnly.

"I'm, related to Vicky, and not you?" I say as I turn to point at Dad.

"Well, technically nothing's changed there." Dad says with a soft smile.

I look forward, my gaze going past Mike and towards the wall behind him. Thinking on everything that's occurred between me and Vicky. The numerous comparisons I've heard made between us, and the few times people called out the similarities between me and Mom.

"I'm related to Vicky." I say softly. "Damnit. Why couldn't I be an alternate version of your biological niece?" I angrily point at Dad.

"What?" He says wit a confused look on his face.

'Wait, Fleur died to a gunshot in the head three years ago.' I start to realize. 'My biological mother died, while I was around. If, if I thought to actually do things instead of avoiding disrupting canon, which I failed miserably. Then, wait no, there's no way to know any of that for sure!'

"Now obviously, by most legal standing." Costa-Brown continues. "You're legally Mike's daughter."

"By what measure?" I ask. "I wasn't even born here on this planet."

"The fact of the matter is, this has no legal precedence." Costa-Brown says. "Everything past that statement, is open water."

"Open water you had no right unleashing!" Mom accuses.

"I for one am glad she did so!" Mike says. "You think I don't watch the news? Amy's been held hostage, Vicky's been run over, and Kitsu's been kidnapped! All in the last few months!This just proves my point and I will not have my daughter risk her life out of some misplaced loyalty!"

"She's not your daughter!" Dad stands up and finally snaps. "Until a month ago you had no clue she existed! We took her in when we found her, we cared for her, we're her family! And you cut yourself off from this family three years ago!"

"Because of how you were risking your children's lives!" Mike says as he stands up. "Jess should've been enough! And now you're risking her daughter!?"

'What does she look like?' I find myself wondering. Looking at Mike, I start to see some of the similarities. The hair color, the face shape is similar. Can't really tell with the beard. Our cheeks are similar.

"Not, her, daughter!" Mom says. "This family, has nothing to do with you! You left, and you should've stayed gone!"

"And I would've." Mike says evenly. "But, the idea that you're risking Jess's only living relative. You've gone too far!"

"If Jess were here, she'd smack you upside your thick skull and tell you that you're being your over controlling, conceded, spoiled ass self!" Mom shouts.

"You have no right saying what Jess would or wouldn't do!" Mike yells, his face turning red with rage.

I know this is about me. But it's starting to feel like I'm a proxy for some more deep seeded issues.

"Stop!" Costa-Brown yells, getting everyone's attention. "Sit down. Now please, try and come to a sound, reasonable agreement like adults. There's no need for fighting."

"Agree to disagree." Mom and Mike say at the same time.

Taking a deep sigh, Costa-Brown looks to me.

"Kitsu, what would you like?" She asks.

"Huh?" I ask.

"This is about you." She says. "What would you like to see out of this?"

"There's no need to put her on the spot like that." Mom bites at Costa-Brown. "She just learned this man is her biological father, she doesn't even know him."

"She has a right to learn!" Mike counters.

"You lost any right to anything in this family." Dad reiterates. "If this were solely up to us, you'd never be here."

"Well it's a good thing it's not up to you then, isn't it?" Mike challenges.

"It's okay kiddo." Dad says as he turns to me and resumes scratching my ears. "You owe this man nothing."

"She should at least get to know her siblings." Mike says before looking to me. "You're a big sister, you have a little sister and brother. They're only one and two years old, but I'm sure you'll get along!"

"Two kids already?" Mom scoffs. "Wow, so much for your undying love for Jess."

"You shut your fucking mouth!" Mike says as he points towards her. "I moved on, yes. But Jess will always be my first love!"

I don't wanna be here.

"You lower your voice Michael." Dad says, becoming uncharacteristically threatening. "Or I'll make you."

"Is that a threat?" Mike challenges.

"It's a promise." Dad answers.

"Like your promise to look after Vicky when she was growing up?" Mike says. "Because if so, then I think I'll be fine."

Yeah, I'mma just, leave.

.

.

Collin "Armsmaster" Wallis POV

.

Watching the child criminal turn invisible and slip away while everyone is distracted. I say nothing. Content to observe her maneuver the grate on the wall, still seeing her with my thermals. I make note of how she avoids the pressure pins.

'Need to draft up designs to make the pins less visible.' I note to myself. 'Or to add a less visible back up.'

In truth, I wholly disagree with command on this matter.

Not only was the acquisition of Kitsu's DNA questionable at best. Even by my standards. The tests themselves were unnecessary.

The only reason such tests would be performed were if the results were intended to be used. And for what end?

Not only that, but as, rich as some would put it coming from me, this is cruel towards the girl. I sabotaged her hearing aides yes, but that was with the intent to put her down should she be mastered or become a danger. Not a preemptive intent to harm her.

Of which I believe is a higher possibility than should be deemed acceptable.

This however, is unnecessary. I see no positive outcome from this. Add the fact I've been told to hide any lies Chief Director Costa-Brown might tell, and I don't like this. I know Kitsu likely heard my detector go off, and I find it, upsetting that she's aware.

That I'm being forced to repress my tech's validity for whatever political game the Chief Director might be playing.

"You're not going to report Kitsu fleeing through the air ducts?" Theresa, Dragon says into my comms.

It took a bit to get back into her good graces after the hearing aides incident. And it ultimately culminated into an extension of trust. A backdoor into my suit's comms unit that can be overridden at any time. Giving her full access to what I see and hear at all times.

I say nothing, and give no indication that the Tinker is here, against protocol.

"You softie." She goads. "Guess the tin man does have a heart."

I don't see why she feels the need to taunt me however.

.

.

-Girl's Locker Room, 1:15pm-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

Sitting down on the bench as I sigh, taking in all that's happened recently. I don't know what it is but, I just, don't feel into it anymore. Patrols, studying, movies, with everything that's happened and is happening. I just, I need a break. From all of it. From the politics, the villains, the peacekeeping, the chaos, my parents. Kitsu.

As much as I love her, and I do love her, I can't keep pretending all the bad things she does and has done just, doesn't happen! The fact that people bend over backwards for her, and she knows it. And she takes full advantage of it!

I can't keep pretending that's okay!

But, I don't want to leave her. She's the only half decent thing I have in my crappy life.

'And there she is.' I think tiredly as I notice the organic field in my sense. 'Crawling through the vents like she was told not to.'

In a few more seconds, I watch as the vent above the lockers opens up, and the invisible girl crawls out. Closing the grate as she turns visible, smiling at me like nothing's wrong.

"Hi Missy!" She says as she skips over to me. "Fancy meeting you here!"

Now or never. We're in private, and not somewhere she can distract me with her, wiles.

"Stop." I say as I hold up a hand to halt her. "We, need to talk."

"Um, can we not?" She asks sheepishly, leaning over for me to see her past my hand. "I kinda came here to escape a talk."

So she's literally dodging someone else.

"Does this have anything to do with the meeting you were in?" I ask pointedly.

"Kinda?" She admits. "Can, can whatever it is wait? Please? I, really need to not think on a few things."

'If you don't get this out now.' I find myself thinking. 'You'll just bottle it up until you say something you'll regret.'

"No." I say firmly. "Kitsu, as your girlfriend, we need to have a talk."

She completely freezes, wide eyed as I pull the girlfriend card.

"U-um, okay?" She says in a slightly shaky voice. "W-what about?"

Taking a deep breath in through my nose, and out through my mouth. I steel my nerves. This has to happen, I don't want this to boil over later and ruin us.

"I wanted to talk about, us." I say in a calm, even voice.

'Avoid using you when addressing issues.' I remember the de-escalation seminars. 'It only makes people feel attacked and get defensive.'

"W-what about us?" Kitsu asks, her shoulders shaking slightly.

'This was a mistake!' A small part of me says. 'Just tell her to forget about it and that you want to cuddle!'

But, it's drowned out by the part demanding I finally address this.

"I don't like how you- how certain things have been handled recently." I rephrase. "I, feel I need to set some boundaries."

"What, what kind?" Kitsu asks.

"For one, I don't like it when-" I try to phrase it subtly, but I can't think of anything. "You disregard the authority and rules. And I, really don't like it when you use your power and influence to get away with it."

'Oh god I'm gonna puke.' My anxiety flares.

"What, do you mean?" Kitsu asks slowly.

"Kitsu, when I picture the person I'm with, I don't picture someone who abuses their power, takes advantage of others, or uses their position to get what they want. And get away with it." I clarify. "And lately, you've been doing a lot of that. And, I don't like it."

Her ears splay back, her eyes widening as her tail twitches wildly. And, I have to look away.

"W-well I can stop!" Kitsu says frantically. "Just, tell me what you don't like and I'll stop doing it!"

"I just did." I say pointedly. "I don't like when you blatantly use your powers to get away with crimes. And more than that, I hate that everyone seems to go along with it just because of your power!"

"Is this about the paint gun fight?" She asks.

"The paint gun fight, the theft, kicking the staff out of the kitchen, the blatant disregard of the rules, the men you killed, hospitalizing Sophia!" I finally snap. "I can't be with someone who, who is so corrupt!"

"I, I'm." She stutters, tears welling up in her eyes. "I, I, Missy I-"

"I hate how you keep breaking the rules!" I continue. "I hate that you don't even feel bad about it! I hate that you get away with it and don't even care!"

'You need to chill.' That small part says again. 'You're going too far, she's about to cry.'

Again, it's drowned out by the pounding in my chest, and the sheer relief I feel at getting this all out in the open.

"I, I didn't, I didn't think you-" She stutters.

"That's the problem!" I feel my voice crack a bit. "You don't think! Not about the consequences, or about the effects you have, and sometimes, it feels like you don't think about how things you do, affect me!"

I have to look away from her again. And, and, this is enough. I am going too far.

"I, can't keep doing this Kitsu." I sigh. "I just, I need to be alone. Okay?"

…

"Okay." She says in a choked sob.

'You went too fat idiot!' I berate myself. 'What if she leaves you now!?'

"Kitsu, I love-" I stop as I look up to find she's gone, from my sight and my field. "Where, what?"

Why is there a pit in my stomach? And, why do I feel like I just massively fucked up?

.

.

-The Rig, Roof, 2pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

This was a mistake! This was all a mistake! I should've never come here!

'I should've stayed on the move. I never should've let the Dallons take me in! Never should've pretended I could be a normal girl. Because clearly I'm bad at it!' I think to myself.

It's a good thing I'm not wearing makeup. Otherwise it'd be ruined.

'Now look at you.' I muse. 'On the roof of a building, bawling your eyes out over a breakup. And your parents fighting with your other parent. Oh, and lets not forget the fact you knew about Fleur's death. And could've easily prevented it! But no. You didn't want to lose your surefire advantage of canon knowledge. Not that you did a good job of protecting it in the first place!'

I feel myself start to laugh at the absurdity of it all.

"Haaaaa!" I let out a long laugh. "Thrown into a dying world with a doomsday clock with a target on my back. Run around slowly losing my mind only to find some stability, and have it uprooted all in a few weeks!"

I stand up and pace around as I keep laughing.

"My girlfriend dumps me just after I learn that the people who took me in became a family to me. Ha! They are my family!" I shout as I reach the edge of the roof overlooking the bay. "And better yet, I let my mother die! Sure I didn't know she was technically my mother. But fuck all good that does me now! It's like some Greek epic!"

It's so convoluted it's funny!

"And to top it all off." I say as I feel my tears dry up. "I still don't know what to do about the end."

I doubt I can one v. one Scion. The only power to really effect him was Foil's, fuck I forget her name.

"I wish I never knew." I say to myself as I sit down and hug my knees. "I wish I could've been just as ignorant as everyone else."

I'm stuck between not knowing what to do, and not wanting to do anything despite knowing something needs to be done. Or everything I love could just, die.

I want to ignore everything. But every time I do, a new problem forces itself on me.

As I think this, my ears pick up something in the distance on the wind. A crash, or, explosion? There's rubble being tossed around for sure.

Sounds like someone's having fun.

"I, I just need to clear my head." I tell myself. "I'm not thinking straight. I've had a lot happen, in a very little amount of and I'm talking to myself. Great."

Been a while since I had some Chinese food. Gonna need to steal a jacket first.

.

.

-Meanwhile, Common room-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I fucked up.

I fucked up so hard!

(Hey I'm sorry. I didn't mean what I said.)-M

(Hello?)-M

(Hey, please answer? I know I got a little heated but I was just trying to say I wanted you to listen to the authorities more. Ok? I just rlly rlly rlly want u ok? I'm sorry for yelling and plz call me?)-M

(Please answer me! I'm sorry okay! I just got upset and I want to be ur girlfriend! If I mean anything to u please call me! I'll give you kisses!)-M

Not even left on read. She's completely ghosting me!

"Are you okay?" Dean asks. "You've been pacing around the island for a while now."

Looking towards the out of costume man. I try to think of a lie, before remembering he sees emotions. And won't buy a simple, 'I'm fine.'

"Oh you know." I try to say nonchalantly. "Kinda, accidentally broke up with Kitsu?"

"Pfft!" Vicky does a spit take with her soda from one of the tables ten feet away. Right into Dennis's face.

"Urgh!" He wipes his face. "I think I got some of Deans spit in my mouth!"

"Why would it be Deans?" Chris asks. "Oh, never mind. Took me a second."

"Shut up." Vicky says before flying over to me. "Little V! What happened? You two were like, attached at her tail."

'Should I?' I think to myself. 'Fuck it, they live together and if there's an expert on breakups it'd be her.'

Taking a deep breath. I try and collect my thoughts.

"Well, I may have tried to have a conversation with her about all the, you know blatant disregard for rules and consequence thing." I start off. "But, I may have got heated and told her, I can't keep doing this, I need to be alone."

"So you did break up." Vicky says as she takes a seat on the stool by the island counter.

"Not on purpose!" I defend. "By the time I realized what I said and went to clarify, she was already gone! And now she's not answer my texts and my calls are going straight to voicemail and I don't know what to do okay!?"

By this point I'm ready to pass out with how hard my heart is beating. And I can feel a few tears picking up at the edges of my eyes.

"Well, I don't know what to tell you about, all that." Vicky says awkwardly with a sympathetic look. "But I can at least guarantee she isn't ghosting you! So, that's something!"

"How would you know that?" I almost beg.

"She doesn't have a phone." Vicky says. "Remember? Hers was smashed when she was kidnapped?"

My heart goes from beating a mile a minute, to stopping. As I recall the paragraphs I sent. All ready to be read the moment she gets her phone back. And that's not even counting the voicemails!

"She, she's not ghosting me?" I say in a cracked voice.

"Why, are you scared?" Dean asks.

"No, I thought you knew." Vicky says slowly.

I did. I just forgot.

"I sent her four paragraphs of texts and ten minutes of voicemails." I admit almost against my will.

"Ah." Dean says understandingly. "Well, that's um."

He looks towards Vicky for help. Clearly not knowing what to do here.

"I can let Kitsu know you misspoke when I see her." She offers weakly with a shrug. "As for cringey messages to your girlfriend, well. Some battles we just lose."

I suppose that's a small price to pay for losing my temper.

*Krcht*

The door slides open behind us.

"Victoria." Mrs. Dallon says as I turn to look at her. Frantic and sweating, despite in a suit. "Have you seen Kitsu? Oh, Missy, what about you?"

"Um, no." Vicky says in a low voice. "Why do you ask?"

"I, saw her about half an hour ago." I answer, remembering the locker room.

Kitsu did say she snuck out of a meeting.

"Where?" Mrs. Dallon asks in tone that is nothing but serious. "And where is she now?"

"I, don't know." I answer her. "Why?"

"Because she's gone missing." Mrs. Dallon says.

"Oh god this is my fault." I whisper to myself as my heart decides to start up an impression of the bongos!

"Little V, hang tight." Vicky says as she flies off to follow Mrs. Dallon.

"Let me help!" I offer. "I know her really well!"

"Vista, I appreciate the offer." Mrs. Dallon says. "But this is a private matter."

"But!" I go to follow, only for Dean to put a hand on my shoulder.

"Go on, I need to talk to Vista." He says.

A few months ago I would've jumped at the chance. But now?

"But!" I try and say, but they leave anyway.

"Missy." Dean says softly. "They can handle this. Besides, Kitsu is indestructible."

"But she's not infallible!" I point out as I turn to face him and shrug his hand off of my shoulder. "As evidence by how she was kidnapped! And the people who did so are still out there! They'll do it again!"

"I doubt Kitsu is dumb enough to-"

"You don't know her!" I cut him off. "She's reckless, inconsiderate and impulsive! She-"

I'm cut off as he places a hand on my head, and I feel all of my anger and anxiety wash away.

"Did you just master me?" I say in a low tone as I glare up at him.

"Yes." He says. "Before you said something you'd regret. Now, want to go by that again?"

Taking a deep breath. I, think on everything that's happened.

"You've been on edge ever since Kitsu was kidnapped." He points out. "And it didn't go away when she got back. If anything, you've gotten worse. What's up?"

"I, I just, she's the only one." I try to say.

"The only one who what?" He asks.

"The, the only one who gets me!" I say, staring him in the eye. "The only one who takes me seriously. The only one who listens to me. The only one, that, sometimes, I feel like, cares."

"Missy, you know that's not true." Dean says.

"Is it?" I ask. "Name, one person."

"There's me." He says.

"Then why didn't you say anything when I had a crush on you?" I ask.

The others share an awkward look as they start to get up and filter out.

"I, didn't want to hurt your feelings." He says.

"So rather than treating me with respect and letting me down, you let me believe I had a chance?" I accuse. "At least Kitsu never lied to me. Even when I wanted her to, just for an apology. She refused."

"Well if not me then there's Vicky." He points.

"Vicky doesn't take me seriously." I scoff. "Yeah she's a good friend, but she's sees me as a kid. Again, Kitsu sees me as an equal. Heck if anything she defers to my reasoning! She values my word! And, and I abused that and now she's run off! Probably in tears because while she puts up with all of my faults I couldn't put up with a few of hers!"

He reaches his hand, and I smack it away.

"Do that again and I'll report you for mastering!" I point at him.

"Missy, you can't break yourself for another." He says. "I get that you love her but, is this really how you want your relationship to go? If you had an issue with her, and it lead to a break up where you are apologizing for you taking issue with her issues. Do you see how convoluted that is?"

"Says the man who breaks up with his girlfriend faster than the weather changes!" I point out.

"Then you should know I'm an expert on the subject." He says. "Me and Vicky need a break from each other now and then, most of the time it's mutual and sometimes it's me."

"That's not what she says." I accuse.

"She takes the blame because she doesn't want people seeing me in a bad light." He says. "Half the time it's mutual, we just need a break. The other half? It's fifty-fifty on who started it. And we always resolve it. Heck, one time she claimed to have broken up with me because I didn't notice she changed her makeup. Truth is? We got into a fight over something stupid, and I called her a dumbass, don't even remember why."

I stare at him, not knowing how to take that. I mean, he's the picture perfect gentleman! It's hard to see him as someone who would even think something bad about another person.

"Everyone has faults." Dean says. "I, bottle things up and let them out at the worst times. So take it from me when I say, I know how it feels to fuck up. And I agree, apologizing for what you say is important. But don't apologize for taking an issue with something you don't like."

I, don't know what to say. He's right. And, I have no experience in this sort of thing.

"Missy, I get that you want to stay with Kitsu." Dean continues after a few moments. "But you shouldn't have to beat yourself up to do so. If you need to stand your ground on something, do it. Otherwise you'll always get pushed over."

I can't even look him in the eye as I think on that. Preferring instead to stare at the floor as I, I don't know!

I'm dealing with a lot of complicated feelings right now! I'm not even sure some of these have names!

But,

"I know." I admit to Dean. "But, she cando better than me. What if, she leaves me alone again?"

"You're not alone." Dean stresses as he kneels to look up at me, seeing as I won't look up at him. "And even then, making yourself miserable just so a girl won't leave you? You're better than that."

"You see this?" I say with a glare. "This is why I had a crush on you for so long."

"Don't lie to yourself." He says flatly, before gaining a slight smirk. "You still have a crush on me. You've just accepted that it'll never happen and moved on."

He's, well, I, yeah! But I didn't need the callout!

"Jerk." I say as I cross my arms.

"You want me to respect you and be honest?" He says as he stands up. "Then I will."

The crappy part is, despite how much I'm glaring. He knows I appreciate it.

Doesn't mean I have to like it!

.

.

Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon POV

.

'Okay, looks like Kitsu is taking her first break up pretty badly.' I think to myself.

Meaning it wasn't mutual.

"Okay, what happened?" I ask mom.

"Sometime during our, meeting, Kitsu took off." She says as we pace down the hall.

"Okay, why?" I ask.

"That's not important." Mom says evasively as she checks her phone. "Okay. A few security cams confirmed she was on the roof before taking off."

'Probably has something to do with her breakup.' I think to myself.

I don't know the exact order of events. But I can piece together enough to get the gist. Kitsu ditched the meeting for whatever reason. Met up with Missy, they had a fight, Missy said something she's now regretting. And Kitsu bolted to either clear her head, get away, or was just acting on pure emotion. Probably a combination, it's hard to tell with her sometimes.

"I think it has a lot to do with it." I counter.

"Vicky, later." Mom says with a frustrated look.

"No!" I say as I fly around in front of her and land, literally putting my foot down.

"Excuse me!?" Mom says with that look.

'Kitsu, you so owe me for this.'

"You want my help?" I say as I cross my arms. "I want to know what I'm helping with."

"You're helping find your runaway cousin!" Mom says, before her eyes go wide.

"My what?" I say with no small amount of confusion.

"You didn't hear that." Mom says as she hurriedly tries to walk around me.

Only for me to step in her way and hold my hands up to stop her.

"Oh no!" I say with a bit of a disbelieving laugh. "No, you don't get to just say that and expect me to not askquestions. Cousin? Who are you talking about? Kitsu? Is that why uncle Michael was here? Is that why Kitsu took off?"

"Not, now Victoria!" Mom says with a frustrated wave of her hands. "Okay? I have a lot on my plate and no time!"

"Well I have nothing on mine but questions and you seem to have the answers." I counter. "I just want to know, okay? What's going on?"

Mom covers her face with her hands, her face beet red as she takes several calming breaths. Before abruptly slapping her hands to her sides with a big sigh through her nose.

"Kitsu is your Uncle Michael and Aunt Jess's daughter from one of the alternate earths." She says with a stressed smile. "Okay? There! Are you happy now?"

I, try and say something. But, find myself at a loss for words. Instead just blinking owlishly at mom as I, try and think of something.

Kitsu is my cousin? Uncle Michael somehow knows. How long has mom known? If it's alternate dimension does that count as her being family? Does Amy know? Is that why we both look good in blue lipstick?

"Well now I just have more questions!" I say with no small amount of stress breaking through.

"Now you see why I wanted to wait!" Mom stresses.

.

.

-Hào chī buffet, Market District, 3:30pm-

.

.

? ? ? POV

.

One of the few times they leave me alone. So peaceful. So, mundane.

Reminds me of better times. Simpler times.

Then I triggered with the power to enhance other powers. If only temporarily.

'Stop.' I tell myself. 'You get this time away to not think of them. Don't ruin it.'

If, that is me in my head. Or one of the others just being nice.

"What you like young man?" The aged Chinese man asks in broken English.

"I'd like the roasted duck, I haven't tried that before." I answer in Mandarin, having known it fluently from one of the others before me.

"Of course good sir." The elderly man answers.

Eating, and bathroom breaks are some of the only breaks I get. Most of the time.

Sometimes they keep going in an attempt to blur the line. Make it harder and harder to tell who's who. Me or them.

Stop thinking about them!

As I await for my roasted duck. I think back, further back. To simpler times. When I was little. Mom worked two jobs and never had a lot of money. Heck, when I wanted to go to the pool we'd get a blue laundry bucket and fill it with water. Then I'd splash around in my boxers.

Those where good times. Didn't have much but, I was happy.

I miss her. And, I fear forgetting her.

*Ding*

"Welcome to- oh, it's you." The elderly man says, switching from English to Mandarin. "Great, there goes my weekly profit."

"Hmm?" I give a raised brow towards the man, before a small child sits in the chair next to me.

Glancing over, I see her wearing a dirty, oversized hoodie. Covering her face from view and acting more like a dress than a hoodie.

'Another homeless child.' I realize with sadness.

One of the reasons I was convinced to come here. The number of homeless and disenfranchised peoples. Displaced and forced out of livelihood and home by the gang violence.

We can put a stop to it. The Teeth that is.

"Hey old man." The girl says in a downtrodden voice. "Just some ramen noodles. Don't care what kind. Just nothing spicy."

"Of course." He says in English before switching to Mandarin. "You're getting the instant kind."

"You come here often?" I ask the little girl.

"Hmm?" She hums without looking at me. "Yeah, whenever I don't feel like stealing food."

'The casual way she said that.' I think sadly to myself.

Though it is odd. The old man acted like she was a burden. And yet, he's feeding her. Perhaps he's just hard on her, but doesn't want her to actually starve?

I've seen the type often enough.

"You sound sad." I point out as a young Asian man with short black hair and green highlights sets a steaming plate in front of me.

"Here you go sir." He says in perfect English.

"Thank you." I respond in Mandarin, earning a smile and nod from him.

"You ask every random person you meet about their problems?" She asks suspiciously.

"Only those I think I might be able to help." I answer sincerely.

She's quiet a bit longer, and I think she's ignoring me when she finally speaks up.

"Just, dealing with a lot." She says in a low tone. "Nothing you can help with."

"Try me." I offer. "I may just surprise you."

!

'Hmm?' I think at the odd prickling sensation.

"Hmm, alright. What do you do when you have a bunch of problems you can't do anything about?" She asks.

"Well, that requires context." I offer. "I assume they're all different issues?"

"They, are." She says slowly. "One is, well, what do you do when there's a massive world ending problem that only you know about. And you have nothing to stop it?"

'That's oddly specific.' I think to myself. 'I doubt she's being literal. Or, as a whole. She probably means her world.'

!

'There's that feeling again.'

"Well, usually." I start off. "Letting others know about a problem, can help lessen the burden."

"Not possible." She says immediately.

"Why not?" I ask.

"No one would believe me." She answers.

That's worrying. A young homeless girl with a major issue that no one will believe. It sounds like someone is taking advantage of her.

And it makes us boil!

'No!' I scream at them as I take a deep breath. 'We don't know! Not yet. And besides, this is my time! Buzz off!'

…

So much for the hero.

Unwilling to use his resources.

But very well.

Enjoy your 'time off".

"You good dude?" The girl asks.

"Yeah, yeah I just get bad headaches from time to time." I say divertingly. "They go away on their own often enough, it's no problem."

"Hmm." She hums. "Kay, you got any advice for my issue?"

Right.

"Well, if letting others know isn't available." I think out loud. "Then, surrounding yourself by others who can help, should eventually do something. Even if they won't believe you. Eventually there'll come a time when they have to. And they'll have to do something."

She's silent for a bit as she mulls over my words. And I take this chance to dig into my roasted duck.

A bit greasier than I expected. But not in a bad way. Better than dry meat, that's for sure.

"That, is a stupidly obvious answer." She says as the same man from before gives her a bowl of ramen noodles.

"Buuut?" I give a little smirk and side eye towards the little girl.

"It's, stupid because I didn't think of it." She sighs. "Alright guru of the Chinese buffet, got any more advice?"

I chuckle at the little nickname. Kids have this way about them that just, adds a layer of wonder and fun about everything. Even when they're being serious.

!

'What is that?' I start to put myself on guard. That's three times now.

"My, girlfriend broke up with me." The little girl says. "And, it's my fault."

I freeze as she says that. My fork of duck halfway to my mouth as I contemplate that.

'When do kids start dating again?' I ask myself. 'Well, I mean, I remember some classmates in elementary who said they were dating. But, I doubt it was at all serious. I think.'

"Well, I don't have anything for that." I say as I set my fork down.

"Why not?" She asks after a slurp of her own noodles. "Use up all your smart juice on the first one?"

"No." I say with a self deprecating smile. "I've, never even kissed a girl myself."

She's silent for a bit next to me. Before leaning over and patting me on the back.

!

"There there." She says softly as I go back to my food. "Don't worry, I'm sure you won't die a virgin. After all, we all get screwed by life."

"Pfft!" I nearly spit my food out, and have to cover my mouth in order to prevent the food from actually flying out.

*Ding*

"There you are." I hear a tired girl's voice say towards me.

Turning around, I'm met with the site of a wavy brown haired, slim teen. Dressed in a baggy white hoodie and jeans. Mousy features that give her a sort of, cute girl next door, childhood friend feel to her.

"Do I know you?" I ask.

"Not you." She says pointedly as she walks past me and sits on the other side of the little girl.

"Do you have any idea how much cab fare is on this side of the city?" She asks. "Never mind ditching Vicky."

The little girl doesn't say anything. And, I feel this isn't my business any longer. So, I tune them out, and think on the better days.

…

God I feel old. I'm only twenty two.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

-Dallas, Texas, 2008-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Sitting in the kitchen of, I don't know. I just know they have cereal and milk. Which I am currently eating. Lucky Charms!

*Krcht*

And one of them just got up and left their room.

There are three, all adults. Or teens. Hard to tell just from heartbeats and breathing.

As I continue to munch on the Lucky Charms. I eat the oats first, that way I can savor the marshmallows at the end! I was hoping they'd have Trix, but, eh. Beggars can't be choosers.

The guy walks into the kitchen, white undershirt and blue boxers. He completely passes me as he goes to the fridge. Rummaging through the food as I just continue to eat.

"Where the hell is the milk?" He says to himself.

"Over here." I call out.

What? I'm not gonna let the man think he's crazy. He hasn't upset me yet.

He snaps up, his head and upper body appearing over the door of the fridge. All sleep gone from his face as he looks at me with wide eyes.

I just wave.

"Hi! I'm Kitsu!"

"Intruder!" He shouts as he runs to one of the kitchen drawers and pulls out a gun.

'For a second I forgot this was Texas.' I silently muse to myself.

"Hands where I can see them!" He shouts.

"Dude, I'm ten feet away, not across the street." I say as I take another bite of cereal. "Alsho, handsh, very vishible."

Oh, and the others are up. Now running down to see what's going on.

"Don't get smart with me freak!" He says as he cocks the hammer on the gun.

He didn't even click the safety. Do you need to click the safety in order to cock the hammer? I don't know enough about guns to know. But if so, then this guy just has loaded guns laying around his house.

"I'm not." I say after I swallow my bite. "Just stating the obvious."

"Dad what's going on!?" A teen boy in nothing but boxers shouts as he runs into the kitchen, followed by a woman in a blue nightgown.

Only for them to look at where he's aiming. And back up as the woman now pulls out a tiny gun from, a mini holster on her leg? What the hell? The thing's smaller than my hand!

"Wow." I say with raised brows. "Way to combat the stereotypes about Americans and guns."

"Forgive us for reinforcing bad images." The woman says. "Seeing as we got a rat in our kitchen."

"Hey!" I say, mildly offended. "I'm a fox!"

My ears and tail are in clear view!

"You're 'bout to be road kill!" The man says. "George go call the PRT."

"No need Georgie." I say as I pick up the bowl and down the milk. Though he runs anyway. "Ah! I'm done. Thanks for the food!"

"You ain't moving!" The woman says, still aiming at me.

I roll my eyes as I pick up the bowl and hop out of the chair. They were nice enough to, donate their food. Least I could do is leave my dirty dishes in the sink.

*Bang* *Bang*

And I'm shot twice.

"Ahhh!" I scream in pain as my ears ring.

"YOU DON'T GET TO INVADE MY HOME AND CALL THE SHOTS!" The man yells as he keeps his gun trained on me. "Fuck! I just shot a child." He says shakily.

"She's a freak!" The woman says. "She might as well be some special sort of midget. Only pretending to be a child."

"She's also not hurt." I say as I collect the two bullets that hit me and throw them at the two. Much to their shock.

"I was being nice!" I yell as I pick up the bowl I dropped. "But no!"

I throw the bowl on the ground, intent on shattering it.

*Dung*

Only to have forgotten to add any strength to it.

"Pretend that broke!" I shout while pointing at them.

*Bang*

The man shoots me again.

"That doesn't do anything!" I shout.

*Bang*

"Knock it off!"

*Click*

Looks like it jammed.

"You guys suck!" I shout as I march towards the door. Making sure to knock over the box of cereal as I pass, spilling Lucky charms over the table and some on the floor.

The only reason I didn't knock the milk over is because the Woman didn't keep shooting.

As I leave, I hear the distant sound of sirens approaching. Looks like George called the PRT after all. Or one of the neighbors called the cops. The man did shoot me a few times.

"Eugh!" I groan, annoyed at the fact I now have to dodge the cops.

I only came here to find the woman trying to steal my name! And maybe beat the crap out of her. Is that so much to ask?

"So much for southern hospitality." I say as I cross my arms and turn invisible.

.

.

Bonus 2!

.

.

Francis "Trickster" Krouse POV

.

"You, promised me Francis!" Noelle says with a shaky voice.

"I know sweetie." I say softly, not letting any stress seep into my voice. "And I intend to keep my promise. It's just taking a bit longer than normal."

"You said it'd take a few days!" She roars, her lower half trembling.

I didn't. But, anytime she nears a rampage, her memory starts to evade her. Actually no, scratch that. Her mind starts to evade her.

"It's been a few days, yes." I agree, not daring to correct her. "But what's a few days more when we're so close?"

"You're just buying time." She says with a worried look. "You're going to leave me, you don't think I'm worth it."

"You know that's not true." I say softly, deflecting her insecurities as best I can. "I made you a promise, and I intend to keep it."

"Liar." She says as her lower body quivers. A few pockets of flesh folding in on themselves and forming gnarly sets of teeth. "Where's Luke then? Hmm?"

'Shit.' I curse inwardly.

"He's, stepped out for a bit. The stress's been getting to him and needed a bit of a break." I think quickly.

The jaws on her lower half start grinding in on themselves, while Noelle gives no indication of her true thoughts. Which is, concerning. She's losing it, and fast.

"Yeah, yeah that's it." She says with a small laugh as she holds her head. "A break, he just needs some time to himself. A break." Before her tone turns dark. "I wish I could get a break. But no. That selfish, self-centered, egotistical self righteous prick."

None of those words describe Luke. Or at least, they're not the words I'd use.

"We're a little selfish sometimes." I say, right now what she needs is validation, and calming. Not the truth. "Just look at me. I'm being selfish right now."

"Ha!" She laughs. "How?"

"Look around." I say, spreading my arms out to gesture around the empty room. "You see anyone else? That's because I'm keeping you to myself."

The others are getting too scared of her. And quite frankly, so am I.

But even still.

"O-oh." She stutters, her hands clasping together as the mouths writhe and disappear back into the formless mass. "W-well, I um. S-suppose that's true."

"You know it is Kitten." I say with a smirk. "And soon enough, when all this is over. I'll make sure to keep you to myself all night."

"Aaagh!" She squeals in a mix of mortification and embarrassment.

There's a difference.

"Franky!" She chides. "You, I, aaagh!"

"Yes." I keep up my act. Intent on distracting her as much as possible. "You, me, and a lot of squealing and screaming."

"You don't just say those things!" She huffs, her face beet red.

"Really?" I feign ignorance. "But I just did. In fact, I can say it again. Quite easily, in greater detail if you want."

"No no no no!" She screams, cutting me off as she covers her ears.

Good. Her lower body has stopped all together.

This, this isn't Noelle though. This, squealing and animated version, is her losing her mind. Noelle is subdued, and tame. Not a gushing mess.

I fear, I fear I'm too late. That when we fix her, I'll find that the Noelle I loved, is already dead.

But until that happens. I'll not stop until I get there.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N Gotta love that Conflict Drive impairing people's judgement!

Poor Missy, she started out that talk so well too. But, sabotaging shards gonna sabotage.

.

Alexandria's goal, as well as the vast majority of Cauldron's goal here, was to orchestrate a scenario that would keep Kitsu out of Brockton Bay. Her growing influence is causing more and more plans to be scrapped. Some of which being years in the making.

They needed a way to get her out of the city long term without risking her going villain. And without raising any suspicions.

So, without any thinker abilities to go on. And only using past behavior, they know that Kitsu is

Capricious and prone to mood swings

Prone to moving around on flights of fancy

Has a very weak moral compass

Has attachment issues

A desire to be loved

A desire for family

Poor impulse control

And little regard for long term consequences

With this knowledge, they figured there'd be a chance that Kitsu would go with Mike after learning about their genetic relation. Or, as she is seen to do when presented with interpersonal issues, flee and ignore the issue as best she can.

Either way, she's hopefully out of Brockton Bay.

Keep in mind, Cauldron is not known for the best long term plans. Or, decent plans in general.

Hell, for all their resources they couldn't figure out Endbringers were targeting areas with rising stars who were being compared to the Triumvirate.

.

Something no one's picked up on. The fact that Kitsu refers to Mark and Carol as Dad and Mom, in caps.

To her, they're not her mother and father. They're the mother and father. As in the only ones she cares about. All others get lowercase because it's a thing they are, whereas the caps imply she's bestowing them a title that means something only to her.

.

And Dean would notice that when Kitsu went missing, Missy quickly spiraled. Far, far harder and faster than should be reasonable. What with how he sees emotion.

He'd also notice her anxiety and emotional dependence on Kitsu once he started paying attention.

.

Also, just as few noticed Missy's emotional dependency on Kitsu, there's something interesting Kitsu does.

The fact that Kitsu refers to Mark and Carol as Dad and Mom, in caps. As in, nouns. Not, adjectives.

To her, they're not her mother and father. They're the mother and father. As in the only ones she cares about. All others get lowercase because it's a thing they are, whereas the caps imply she's bestowing them a title that means something only to her.

This, may or may not have been a spoiler.

Oh well!

.

.

.

.

.

As always, leave a comment and tell me what you think! It helps me write and gives me ideas moving forward. I especially love it when you guys speculate or make guesses as I do use them.

.

.

.

Find in newb's-grotto at the discord!

.

Link to the discord: discord. gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, macdjord and 130 others
Newb to the game
Jul 19, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Worm CYOA, Kitsu 69 New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Aug 27, 2024
Add bookmark
#543
A/N: Talks and Trash

Alt Title: Good ending choice made

.

.

Sorry this took SOOOOOOOO long, I got hooked on writing The Wild Tale of Cyril Leon

It's at chapter 29 right now a month ago it was 6, so, yeah

I'm going back to basics! 5K chapters, keeping it nice, clean and simple! 90% Kitsu's POV and my writing skills have evolved.

.

Dio Genus: The only good cauldron, was The Black Cauldron.

YeTianshi: Hey, no one ever accused Cauldron of being competent. Also, I'll slowly get back into Kitsu.

Kaykaykaykayan: This chapter is pure catharsis.

Grimnosh: Kitsu was actually using her stranger power. Unless someone is specifically looking for her at that moment, or she's doing something to gain attention. She goes ignored.

Other than that, yeah. Francis is starting to get desperate.

cassnova5424: Here's your fallout.

Dancingleaf: Oh! Oh it's been so long that you were still dancing, not a dancing. Oh I feel like I neglected Kitsu now.

And uh, Kitsu's definitely noticed who's behind Mike showing up. She just, hasn't had time to process it yet.

RadChaos897: It's been so long my friend. So, so long. I feel bad.

I will say, you are reading too far into Kitsu being scared by Mike's voice. She was scared, because she recognized it. But also couldn't remember where from. And fun fact, Kitsu's original name before the whole body yoink, was Elizabeth, her parents called her Little Ellie.

Also, eat your coat.

Dalan777: A good character is a multifaceted one. Something I feel the original author fogets. If you look at Worm and Ward, a lot of characters who aren't the main characters, have pretty tropey or one note personalities. And even then, a lot of the main characters are one note too.

recon100035: you're welcome.

GideonBlackthorn: He's going to die an unremarkable, slow, and painful death. One where no one will know him, and he gets to wallow away and rot. The mighty Bond villain wannabe, dead before he ever makes a mark.

Gogmazios: You're welcome!

Doompool7893: Here you go! Thank you for waiting!

Mangouschase: who said it was over?

Slowest Turtle: Oh she will.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Thursday, August 19th, Hào chī buffet, Market District, 4pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Do you have any idea how much cab fare is on this side of the city?" Amy asks as she sits down beside me. "Never mind how much of a pain in the ass ditching Vicky is."

I, don't say anything. My mind is drawing a blank on the matter. That and, I just don't know. So, we just sit in silence for a bit.

"Vicky already told me everything." Amy says slowly. "Guess the looks aren't just coincidence."

"I'd, rather not talk about that right now." I mutter softly.

"Why not?" She asks challengingly. " I thought you'd be happy."

"Maybe in a different circumstance. Like if I was Mark's alternate maybe baby. Or, a parallel version of Crystal." I mutter as I slurp my noodles. "Do you know what it's like? To find out your father has this, not only connection but hatred towards the people raising you and that-" I stop as I look to her glaring at me.

"Oh, right." I say and go back to my noodles. "Poor choice of words."

I chose the worst phrasing for that. Like, of all time.

"Yeah, no shit." Amy says. "At least yours isn't on some list."

"Witness protection." I correct her.

"You know damn well what I mean." Amy growls in a low tone. Letting me know exactly how she feels about that point. "Look at it this way, we're both adopted sisters in a fucked up family with fucked up fathers. You don't see me running off over it."

"The hospital counts." I point out. "You just get away with it more because you have the convenient excuse of helping people."

We sit in silence at that as the old man walks up and hands Amy a menu. Amy takes it and starts looking through, returning us to a brief quiet as she reads.

"How much do you actually know?" Amy asks as she flips the menu over.

"More than I want to." I answer honestly.

"You know the future?" Amy asks as she flips through the menu.

"I know a future. One where almost everyone dies and you have a mental breakdown from stress and molest Vicky, your powers go unchecked and warp her into some hellraiser eldritch abomination and then you commit yourself to the birdcage out of guilt where you meet bio daddy dearest and he grooms you into a near sociopathic menace driven by a desire to feel loved but can only bring yourself to love Vicky who at that point hates your guts and is absolutely terrified of you. And that's just you!" I finally, finally unload. "Whoo! I've held that in, for years! Oh, oh that feels good to get off my chest." I sigh, looking to the ceiling with so much relief. I might as well have, you know what. Not ruining the moment.

Looking over to Amy, I see her wide eyed in shock and horror. Having dropped her menu as she stares at me in abject fear. Mouth agape and everything.

"Oh, um, surprise?" I shrug with a sheepish smile.

"Holy fuck." She whispers. "Is, is that all you see?"

"I mean, yes?" I answer awkwardly. "I mean, several things have changed since then so, not gonna happen? Maybe?"

Amy takes the menu she dropped, and closes it before sliding it away from her. And then stares off into the distance.

"Sorry." I mutter as I finish my noodles.

Amy stares off into the fifth dimension for a bit longer before turning back to me.

"Where, where are you in this, fucked up future?" She asks.

"That's just it." I chuckle. "I'm not. The future I got to witness, is one where I never existed. That, or I'm my own blindspot."

Amy thinks on that further as the old man comes by and takes her menu away.

"You know." I start off teasingly to break the tension. "Since I'm single now, and I'm technically like, one fourth Vicky-"

"No." She shoots me down immediately.

"Worth a shot." I shrug. Though, I wasn't actually going to try anything.

For one, sister, eww, that's Amy's fetish, not mine. Two, I'm not ready for another relationship. Might give it a decade after how that felt.

"Oh, and you're not single." Amy says suddenly. "Almost forgot to mention that."

"Missy broke up with me earlier today." I explain as I lay my head down.

"Yeah, that's the other thing." Amy says. "You bolted before she could finish."

"What?" I ask, turning to face her.

"Yeah." Amy says with a sardonic smile. "She was going to say she needed time to be alone, for now. She wants a break, not a break up."

You mean to tell me. I pulled a cliché run away before I figure out the situation? And not only that, I did it for that? I'm, I'm, I just wana-

"Aaaaaah!" I scream in equal parts frustration, annoyance, and depression. All aimed at myself, before I slam my face in ramen broth. "Blublublub!"

"Alright you little freak." Amy says as she grabs my sides and lifts me up. "We're going back."

"That's offensive." I moan as she hefts me away from the counter, carrying me like the useless luggage I feel like right now.

"And I don't care." Amy says as we leave.

Though, just as we leave, there's a loud crashing sound in the distance. Loud enough that I feel it tremble the ground.

"What was that?" I ask after Amy flinches.

"Could be any number of things." Amy says. "City's going to hell faster than it was before."

Oh yeah. Kinda forgot about that with all the drama.

"Should I do something?" I ask as we hear more rumbling.

"Wait for me to get somewhere safe." Amy says as she hails a taxi. "You're my only protection."

"Your own self defense fox!" I say in an old infomercial tone. "For the low low price of your soul! Get your own now!"

"Return to sender." Amy says as she tosses me in the back seat.

.

.

-10 minutes later-

.

.

Landing on the roof of an apartment complex in the Chinatown. I listen out for the crashing and rumbling. It doesn't take long as I see it, or rather him.

Lung is half up on his transformation, his wings growing as he takes flight and dodges a blast of blue flames.

"Lung dodging flames?" I say to myself in confusion. "That doesn't make sense."

Deciding to investigate before engaging. I turn invisible as I leap forward and free run from roof to roof. Only stopping when I get to the ledge of a street overlooking the fight.

Lung is bobbing and weaving in midair. While Ginobog is tossing rubble at a guy in a black trench coat with blue flames spouting out of him.

'Is that, Dabi?' I think to myself as I watch the man in black leather torch the area.

" Come on!" Dabi shouts. "You guys're known for your firepower aren't you!?"

'A bit cheesy if you ask me but, okay.' I think as I observe.

I'm in a bit of a sticky situation here, seeing as I have this agreement with Lung to stay out of his business, so long as he stays out of mine. So, until this gets extreme or something changes.

I'm chillin!

"You want firepower you pride parade matchstick!" Ginobog says as he grabs a trashcan lid while hiding behind the cover of a car.

I watch as yellow lines crack across the metal surface, before being tossed at-

"Ow!" I bring my hands up to my ears as my hearing aides clamp down and turn off. My invisibility leaving with it.

I, forgot all about that feature.

Looks like I'm AWOL now!

Should probably do something about this fight then. Seeing as, well everyone likely knows where I am right now.

Can't be accused of laziness on top of running away after all.

Getting up, I get into a jumper's crouch, and leap. Turning invisible as I soar through the air, and only turn visible when I'm a few feet from Dabi.

"Surprise!" I shout as I barrel into him at the same time Ginobog tosses the trashcan lid.

I get, all the energies! They're mine now!

"What the, holy shit." Dabi says as he looks to me, currently glomped to his torso.

"That was supposed to knock you over." I pout.

Or at least scare him.

He places a hand on my forehead, rubbing my hair a bit and flipping the hood of my stolen hoodie back. Revealing my ears and golden hair.

"Hey there new boss." He smiles softly at me.

What?

"Um, excuse me?" I say in confusion.

He places a hand on my head and rubs it before cutting off his flames.

"The shit's the midget doin' here!?" Ginobog asks in the distance.

"Solving our problem." Lung silences the man.

Dabi softly takes my arms and disentangles me from him. Giving me a final pat on the head as I stare up at him in confusion. Utterly baffled at what's going on.

"I see now." He says with a nod as he gets down to a knee. Now eye level with me. "Not yet, I get it. Well, consider this my loyalty in advance, I'll leave if you want me to."

'What is he talking about?' I think curiously. 'Is this version of Dabi more touched in the head than the canon one?'

"Um, yes." I say uncertainly. "Please leave, and don't attack this place again."

He chuckles as he stands. Removing his hand from my head as he turns around.

"I'll go for now." He says as he waves without looking. "But, I can't promise I won't be back! You might change your mind after all!"

He shoves his hands into his pockets as he continues down the street. Leaving without any further fanfare.

.

.

Touya "Hellfire" Todoroki POV

.

So it seems the boss is yet to get ready.

I'm no fool, hell the only reason the old boss didn't force me to kill him is because the current boss showed up. Most people don't seem to realize each Butcher is a different person. They just have the voice of every previous Butcher in their head.

They can still do whatever they want. They just get a permanent peanut gallery.

Last Lieutenant before me. Guy with a weird electric power, was a dick to the eighth boss and me, but had his lips stuck to the seventh bosses ass like it was a metal pole in winter. Once the eighth rose up, that guy tried kissing his ass, only to get shit on and buried.

And we already know who the new boss is.

Throwing my hood up and lifting my scarf to hide my, markings. I slip into a side alley and mingle with a few of the homeless I wind up passing. Getting lost in the throng of nobodies. Becoming one of them once again.

"Oh, sorry about that ma'am." I say as I catch a lady I bumped into.

"O-oh, thank you sir." She says as she rights herself up and expresses her gratitude.

Always be nice to people, even if you don't mean it. 'Cause if you don't.

You never know when it might come back to bite you.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Well that was easy.

Was kinda hoping that'd take more time. Ya know? Like, I could work off some steam and think some things through.

Instead I get blue balled at the first hit.

Looking around the burned street as the fires slowly simmer out. Lungs control over fire dimming them down as he returns to normal. A random goon running up with a folded pair of pants in his hands as he gets to his knees and presents it to the now naked man.

'Oh that's awesome!' I think to myself. 'I want a pants butler!'

"So, we done here?" I ask out loud, earning Ginobog and Lung's attention.

Lung looks to me with his usual frown as he buckles his belt. Before finishing and making his way over. The large man making it to me as he crosses his arms and stares me down.

"S'up." I wave to the large man. "How's the weather up there?"

"Kitsu." He says in a measured tone. "You've not been seen in some while. Many thought you gone."

"I assure you, reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated." I smile.

"Hmm." He grumbles. "None thought you dead. Merely missing."

I am, severely disappointed that he does not get the reference.

"I've been back for, a few weeks now actually." I say as I tap my chin in thought. "But anyway, how've you been? Any progress on the Chinatown?"

He, does not appreciate my tone. Or my word choice, or whatever. He doesn't like it.

"I've been busy dealing with the Merchants, their new task force, The Teeth, and what's left of The Empire." He growls out, his slanted eyes glaring at me.

"The Empire is still kicking?" I ask curiously.

"Just Purity's faction." He says.

Hmm. Now I'm no perfectionist but. It looks like it's time to finish what I started.

"Huh, well in that case-" I stop as I hear the whistling of wind growing closer. "What's that?"

"What is what?" He asks, before I'm suddenly not looking at him anymore.

"Aaaaaahhh!" I scream in shock as I'm lifted away and whisked into the air.

"Be quiet!" Vicky says as she carries me by my armpits.

"Oh, hey Vicky." I say as I look up at her. "What'd do?"

"You, you annoying little shit!" She cusses me out.

"Hey! Language!" I chastise her.

"I will drop you." She threatens as we turn towards the Rig.

…

Is it bad that I'd be okay with that?

"Someone's upset." I prod.

"Yeah, cuz it turns out the girl living in my house with my family is my fucking cousin." Vicky says irritably. "And, and not only that, she's the only reason my uncle is coming back! And the reason Amy is taking less hours, and the, the, I'm stressed okay! I have a lot to think about, and I don't like it!"

'I suppose that's fair.' I think to myself as I let myself be carried over the city.

Though, I've never been one who was good at controlling my impulses. And, I don't wanna think either. Soo, a bit of controlled chaos is in order.

"Guess this makes what I did during my heat a bit more awkward, huh?" I chuckle out awkwardly.

"Hmm." Vicky says before letting go of me.

"WEEEEEEEEEE!"

.

.

-The Rig, 5pm-

.

.

"Okay you can set me-ah!" I exclaim as Vicky drops me onto the roof of the Rig.

"Go inside, talk to mom, talk to Missy, deal with your shit." Vicky says as she lands and walks past me. Hands running through her hair out of stress. "Sick of this shit! Need my own room and house back!"

She walks up to the roof access and taps a few buttons on the keypad. I walk up to her as she waits. Arms crossed and foot tapping impatiently.

"So uh, guess we know why the same makeup works for both of us." I say awkwardly.

She doesn't say anything.

"You know, when you have that RBF going on, you look exactly like Mom." I tell her.

"Not now."

The buzzer on the door sounds, causing me to flinch as I still have my hearing aides turned off.

"Glory Girl, what are-"

"I got the midget." She says as she grabs the back of my hoodie and holds me up.

"Agh! My neck!" I gargle out. "Abuse!"

She then drops me as the doors open and heads inside. With me hesitantly following after her.

"So, scale of one to ten how much-" I start to ask.

"Eight." Vicky says automatically.

"Um, so, is there a reason you're so mad at me specifically or?" I try.

"Kitsu, stop." Vicky says.

The rest of the walk is done, pretty much in silence. The only sounds present being the random conversations around the Rig and the sound of our feet hitting the tiles.

My heart thuds harder and harder as we walk through the building. Heading closer and closer to our rooms.

"Hey, maybe we should let them cool off and-"

"Kitsu if you run off again I'll tell Missy about everything you did during your heat." Vicky threatens.

"That's crossing a line!" I shout.

"Don't care."

.

.

Stepping into Mom and Dad's room. I get immediately assaulted by Mom, who gets down on her knees and hugs me. Almost painfully tight.

"Oh, oh you are so grounded." She laughs as she hugs me.

"Yeah I figured." I sigh as I notice Dad and Mike also in the room, still glaring at each other.

Seems they still haven't gotten over their issues with each other.

Though Mike looks away from Dad and to me. His gaze softening from a glare to something approaching sympathy or hopefulness.

"Carol, we had a deal." He says softly.

'That's not flying red flags at all!' I think sarcastically.

"I love you." Mom whispers before letting go of me and stepping back. Giving Mike a glare as she walks back.

I, don't think she's ever said that. I, genuinely don't recall her telling me those words, in that order in that tone.

Mike walks up to me and gets down on one knee. Smiling at me softly as he takes out his wallet, and holds out a photo of him holding two babies.

"These are your little brother and sister." He says. "You're a big sister, did you know that."

I don't care.

"I know, this may not be, the best first impression." He says awkwardly.

It's not.

"But, I think if you just, give me a chance." He says. "I can be the father you need, give you the family you deserve and-"

Wrong words.

He doesn't get any further as I smack him. Not enhanced, but it caught everyone off guard. His head going to the side, eyes wide in shock.

"Kitsu!" Vicky and Mom shout while Dad does a fist pump.

"I already have a father, one who loves me, for me." I glare at him. "I already have a family, one that's mine. They don't need me to be related to them, for them to love me. Their love, isn't conditional like yours seems to be."

"That's not-"

"I'm not your daughter." I say. "And I get, that me existing and being here is bringing up a lot of confusing emotions for you. But you do not get to claim fatherhood over me, when you've done literally nothing, but exist as an alternate universe counter part to the man who spawned me."

Mike is silent, as he looks to me. And, I think I see a few tears welling up before he stands up.

"I, see I'm, not welcome here then." He says as I hear his heart race faster and faster.

"Shit. You didn't have to be that savage." Vicky says behind me.

"If you want to have a relationship with me, that's fine." I say, ignoring Vicky. "You can visit, but I'm not leaving with you. I'm not uprooting, and you're not going to make me. If you want me to, I can be a big sister figure to your kids. But I am not leaving my family, for yours."

The Dallons took me in. With almost no strings baring that I behave. And I've no doubt that if I wasn't genetically this man's daughter, he wouldn't even give me the time of day.

I'm not trading them, for him.

He stands stock still as he gets his heart and breathing under control.

"Is there, nothing else?" He asks curtly.

"No." I say.

"I, I see then." He says as he walks around me, stopping at Vicky. "Hey Sunshine, it was, it was nice seeing you. But, I gotta go."

"Uncle Michael, you-"

"It's Mike." He cuts her off softly. "And, I have places I need to be."

Vicky goes to say something more, but fails to find the words. Stepping aside after a final please from Mike. Who then leaves the room without so much as a glance back.

"I'm sorry you had to have all this happen kiddo." Dad says as he walks up behind me and picks me up. Holding me on his hip as I hug him back.

"Can I stop being mature now?" I whine as I rest my head against his shoulder. "That took a lot out of me. And I don't have much more left in me."

"You still got Missy to talk to." Vicky pipes up before leaving.

"Aaaah!" I whine.

.

.

-Kitsu's room-

.

.

Missy walks in with Dean behind her. Dressed in her Vista uniform, she takes her visor off and sets it on the dresser as the door closes behind her. Before turning to me and crossing her arms. Looking as uncomfortable as I probably do.

"What's Dean doing here?" I ask.

"He's here to make sure this doesn't dissolve." Vicky says.

"Isn't that what you're here for?" I ask. "I'm not sure how I feel about my love life gaining an audience."

"We're just here in case it gets out of hand." Dean says. "Ignore us."

Not that easy dude.

"Okay, um, so." I try to start awkwardly.

"Kitsu." Missy starts instead. "I, feel I've been making several concessions in this relationship. And I feel it has gone unappreciated."

I stay silent as I listen to her. Waiting for her to continue.

"I feel that, for as much as I love you, I keep giving and giving while you just, don't." Missy continues. "And, I feel like I need some assurance that you'll start putting more effort into this, or it's not going to work."

Dean nods as he looks from her, to me. And motions to me.

"Um, okay." I say.

"Okay?" Missy repeats incredulously.

Ooh, um. Quick brain! Think!

"Missy I have no clue what I'm doing and I have even less of an idea of what I'm supposed to be doing." I admit. "If you say I'm messing up, then I believe you."

"That's not okay." Missy says with a desperate look. "What we have, what I want us to have, it should be something special. And lately it feels like it's just me letting things go because I don't want to lose you."

"Well, you won't." I answer her back. "Missy, I do love you. If I didn't, I wouldn't keep dating you. I'm, sorry I haven't expressed that better, or paid more attention to how you feel. But, this is as new to me, as it is to you. I want us to work, so like I said, if I'm doing something wrong, I want you to tell me. And not bottle it up."

Missy stares at me for a bit with an unreadable expression. Before walking out of the room. And screaming loud enough the Dean and Vicky flinch. Before walking back in, and turning back to me.

"It, was that easy?" She asks in disbelief. "I just needed to speak up sooner?"

I mean, I don't really think so. This was awkward as all hell and I'd rather never do it again. But, I guess that's it?

"Sometimes it is." Dean says calmly. "Sometimes we just get so caught up in the moment, that we make mountains out of molehills. And it takes us stepping away to realize it."

"This is stupid." Missy laughs before turning to me. "I, I want to slap you, and kiss you right now because it's so stupid. Is that bad."

'Is it bad that I find that hot?' I think to myself. 'Am I like, genuinely a masochist or something?'

Shelving that for, never hopefully. I have more than enough on my plate without thinking about my possible future sexual habits.

"No that sounds about right." Vicky says with a nod. "Personally I can relate to the slapping bit."

"Hey!" I say, turning to face my, cousin? Sister? Sister cousin- no that's too redneck.

I'll just stick to tolerated nuisance for now.

"I mean I wasn't talking about you specifically." Vicky says she says with a so-so gesture. "But if the shoe fits."

Today, just needs to be over already. I, really can't keep doing this. And I still have one more big talk I need to get through today.

Why is all this going down now?

.

.

-7pm-

.

.

"Alright sweetheart, what'd you want to talk about?" Mom asks as she sits down next to me on my bed. "Is it about Mike?"

"No, not really." I mutter, still not sure how I should phrase this.

"Well then, what is it?" She asks as she brings a hand to my head and starts running it through my hair. "Cause if it's about getting ungrounded, that's not happening."

"No I figured I'd get Dad to get you to unground me." I say honestly, earning a flat look that tells me I should not have said that out loud. "Hypothetically! Of course." I try and salvage.

"Uh huh." She says, not believing me. "Any how, what's this about?"

'Okay, now or never.' I think to myself. 'No telling how she'll react till you say something.'

"I, don't want to be a hero anymore." I finally say.

There's a brief pause as I wait for her to say, something. Anything really. But, she never says anything.

Looking up, I just see her giving me a sad, almost pitying "look.

"Why?" She finally asks me.

"I, just don't like it." I admit. "I, only really did the hero thing because, well, it just seemed like what I was supposed to do. I, have powers, I'm in a family of superheroes. But I, I don't enjoy it."

"I thought you loved being a hero." Mom says.

"I love the attention." I admit to her.

"Don't you enjoy using your powers? And saving people and, making a difference?" She tries, clearly not understanding my reasoning or view.

"I do enjoy using my powers." I admit as I relax in her arms. "The running, jumping and parkour are awesome! Easily my favorite thing ever! And the plants are cool, I guess. But, I like, I like entertaining others I guess. I like getting reactions and having their attention on me. I like to sing and dance and make jokes. I, don't really care about saving people, the law means little to me and the individual could mean less to me. I know that sounds callous, but it's how I feel."

Mom is once again silent as she holds me. Running her fingers through my hair.

"I'm sorry." I say after some time.

"It's fine." She says. "I don't like it, but. It's clear you've thought on this a lot. And, you've been through a lot. You, if you really want to stop being a hero, I won't try to stop you."

"Thank you." I say softly.

Three down, one to go.

Though this next one is going to be, rather cathartic. Need to get a hold of Wade first though.

.

.

-Wednesday, August 20th, 2am, Brockton Central Airlines-

.

.

Rebecca "Alexandria" Costa-Brown POV

.

I hate the airlines. But, I need to keep up appearances. And unfortunately, Chief Director Costa-Brown, can't fly on her own.

" Flight eighteen!" The overhead speakers call out.

No, this is wrong! Thirty six of the floor tiles are out of place, that man's nose changed twice in the last minute. The dog's eyes just changed shape.

I'm in an illusion. Or some other shaker effect.

"Should've known this wouldn't work for long." The over head announcement calls. "Still, it worked long enough."

The illusion fades to reveal an alleyway, one I recognize as being near the airport.

And Kitsu is in front of me. Her eyes sharp and glowing menacingly in the dim light of dawn.

"Kitsu, what is the meaning of-"

"Cut the shit Lexi, I'm done playing your games." Kitsu says, uncharacteristically cursing. "I, have a good thing here. And you come along and try to ruin it."

Her breathing is heavy, her ears perked and her eyelids are straining to a near glare.

She's mad.

"Kitsu, I don't know what you me-ack!" I'm cut off by her rushing forward and grabbing my throat, and forcing me down to my knees with more than enough force to kill a normal person.

"Shut the fuck up and listen." She says before slamming my head into the concrete. And lifting me back up, turning me around and pointing at a security camera.

She, she just exposed me. Years, years! Years of careful dedication, gone.

No, I can still salvage this! This is still manageable. I have roughly thirty six hours to delete the recording and silence any guards who were witness. I just-

"That camera, is currently hacked and being routed to a separate server." Kitsu says, causing my heart to drop.

"Wh-why?" I manage to choke out.

"Because." She says before grabbing my glass eye, ripping it out and crushing it. "You tried to ruin my life, now I ruin yours. Only difference is, I'm better than you."

Revenge? My life and plans are about to be lost, to the petty revenge of a thirteen year old girl?!

"You have, one chance." Kitsu whispers. "Leave my home, and never return. If I so much as see a photo shopped image of you buying ice cream in this city, your secret is out. Do you understand?"

"You don't-"

I don't get any further as she puts my face in the wall. Twice.

"Okay, let's try this." She says as she takes my face back out. "You can go braindead."

How does she know that!?

"I can't." She says. "Wanna take a trip to the bay?"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Carol Dallon POV

.

"What'd you talk about?" Mark asks as he lays back on the bed. Hands behind his head, leg crossed over his knee as he shakes his foot to an invisible tune.

He's been over the moon since Kitsu told Mike off earlier. And, I honestly can't blame him. Though I wish it'd ended better. Mike may be a narcissistic control freak of an ass. But he's still family, and I still love him.

"Kitsu, wants to retire her cape." I say.

"Really?" Mark asks as I lay down next to him.

"Yep." I say as I stare at the ceiling, still processing.

"Huh, was wondering when she'd say something." Mark says.

"You did not know she wanted to quit." I call his bullshit.

"I've known since we grounded Vicky." He says with a shrug.

"How!?" I demand to know as I sit up.

"Honey." Mark starts as he looks me in the eye. "Kitsu only ever went on patrol when A, one of us went with her, B, she was with Missy, or C, she was tracking down someone specific to prove a point. Other than that, she stayed home and just, did whatever. She never really sought to go out on patrol unless we went with her."

Thinking back on it, I realize he's right. Every time Kitsu patrolled, it was with us. Despite her easily being far more powerful than all of us combined. The amount of times she patrolled on her own, can be counted on one hand.

And, thinking more on it. Most of those were when she first started living with us. The longer she stayed with us, the more she stayed home unless one of us were on patrol or Missy was on patrol.

"She only went on patrol, to spend time with us." I realize.

"Exactly." Mark says solemnly. "She wants to be a singer or actor of some kind. Not a hero."

I already knew that. With how she always took her singing lessons so seriously. But, I always thought it was just a fun hobby for her. Not, her main thing.

"Hmm." I sigh as I lay back down. "Am I really that oblivious? Next your going to say Amy hates the hospital."

"She does." Mark says seriously.

"What the fuck?!" I shoot back up.

.

.

A/N

Cauldron really fucked up.

Kitsu is done fucking around. She's done being fucked with. She's done being reactive.

This is the start of Kitsu's clean up arc. She's done playing games.

.

.

Gimme all da comments!

.

Find me in newb's-grotto at the discord!

.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, macdjord, Alduinian and 176 others
Newb to the game
Aug 27, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 70 Burning the Library New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Sep 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#562
A/N: Burning the library

Alt Title: More talks and set ups.

.

.

I held a vote in the Discord on whether a certain character should die. And I got an overwhelming yes.

.

GideonBlackthorn: Are you kidding? Get that degree! I love long reviews so long as they are positive.

Slowest Turtle: Kitsu will make more moves. Many more in the chapters to come as I progress into actual story.

Nuclear cat: It was/is as cathartic for the readers as it is/was for Kitsu.

cassnova5424: I'm glad you enjoyed!

Also, you worked in a desert? Which one?

Dalan777: Kitsu is hoping they do something stupid. That way she doesn't have to go to them.

Ben Turner1: Thinking back to the girl in the hospital that Kitsu tortured into not suing New Wave, the only reason Kitsu let her go, was because she no longer posed a threat. Alexandria, doesn't get that assurance.

YeTianshi: Talk? Um…

Anyway! Next chapter will have Kitsu past escapades.

Vadrulesall: She had a private plane at the airport waiting for her.

A Dancing Leaf: Yes, Cauldron is dumb. They go through everything, relying solely on Contessa and her shard. Knowing the shards are geared for conflict and meat to incite it, and never once consider that maybe, The Path might also be doing the same thing.

Mangouschase: I write fast.

Dio Genus: Oh, they got the whole email.

Kaykaykaykayan: Who said Kitsu was done with Alexandria

Grimnosh: In Missy's defense, it is her first relationship.

Who's RCB?

Nullblaster: Oh someone's getting waterboarded this chapter.

SonicTundra: Kitsu's ready to make her own place.

RadChaos897: It's been a while indeed, a whole month.

Fanfic's been screwing everyone over. Luckily they're switching over from Godaddy. So hopefully it'll get better.

Mark is currently over the moon happy. To constantly be doubting himself as a father, and have his adopted daughter bitch smack and reject her biological dad for him? Kitsu just cured half his depression.

Kitsu and Missy are taking a little break. Nothing serious, Kitsu just agreed to let Missy cool off for a bit.

I, cannot comment on the Butcher for spoilers.

Gogmazios: Thank you! Now Kitsu just needs to prestige to second base!

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Thursday, August 20th, South side docks, 2:30am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Pwah! Ha! Ha!" Alexandria gasps as I pull her out of the water.

Getting her here was, admittedly tricky. She's tried to fly away. But my immovable power prevents me from being moved. Fullstop, the only thing that can move me, is gravity.

So, I just had to stay still, activate when she pulled, and wait for her to tire. The first time.

After that I put her in a full nelson and choked her out.

"So uh, whatcha need me here for?" Ginobog asks.

I made a call to Lung. Cashed in the favor for dealing with Dabi.

"In case I need to get rid of evidence." I say, causing Alexandria's eye to widen in fear.

"Shit kid, you're pretty twisted." Rex says as he squats down. "What this bitch do to earn your bite? Shit on your bed, diss yer girl?"

"Kitsu you don't understa- brbrbrb" I dunk her head back into the water.

"She thought she could manipulate me and try to tear me from my family." I say as I see his eyes widen in shock as the bubbles slow.

"Pwah!" Alexandria gasps as I pull her up.

You know, there's a certain irony to waterboarding the super illuminati. You know? Kinda makes me giggle.

"I didn't give you permission to say my name." I look her in the eye as I keep her held by the hair. "Got it? You only get to say ma'am or sir when addressing me."

It's an intimidation and compliance tactic. See if she's capable of being, forcefully persuaded. Or if she's too dumb and stubborn to see I'm being serious.

"Please! You need to see reason!" She says. "Brrbbrbrbrbr."

"Damn, how dumb is this bitch?" Rex asks with a laugh. "Who's she think she is? Alexandria?"

"Yes actually." I say with a smile as I bring her back up.

"What?" Rex chuckles.

I then take a button off of her shirt and hand it to the orange suited terrorist.

"Charge that for me." I tell him.

He shrugs and grabs it, yellow cracks appearing on the button before I take it back and shove it in the woman's mouth as she gasps for air.

I then hold her mouth shut as her eye widens in shock. Before feeling the rumble of the button exploding in her mouth.

"Swallow." I tell her.

"Hrmm?" She whines.

I dunk her back under.

"Oh fuck!" Rex says as he stands up and backs away, hands on his head as he paces in the shallows. "Fuck! Am I going to live through this? Fuck I'm going to die aren't I?"

"Chill my dude." I wave him off. "She's not that, oh hang on."

I pull her back up, letting her gasp for air before sending her back under.

If she would just keep using her strength to push back against me. I'd run out of energy in like, maybe a few hours.

"She's not that special." I finish what I was saying. "I mean look at me. She's being manhandled by an adorable and fluffy ball of cuteness!"

Rex tilts his head as he looks to me, clearly unimpressed.

"Notice how ya didn't add humble in there." He snides. "Or the fact that you one v one Behemoth! … Fuck! How did I end up here?"

"Probably through a long series of bad choices and trauma." I answer his rhetorical question. "It's how I got here."

I pull Alexandria back up out of the shallow water. Once again gasping for air.

"I'll give you, one chance." I offer her. "Beg, beg me for all the mercy in the world. And I might show you some."

I watch as her eye shakes in fear as she realizes I'm serious.

" Now, ready to have a nice, civil discussion?" I ask as I take my hand away from her mouth.

"You're insane." She gasps. "You're genuinely insane!"

You know what? I'm done here. She just, she can't see the reality of her situation. Rather than just, accept that she has no control here, she keeps trying to deflect or bargain or deny.

"Hmmm." I hum as I look at her. "Perhaps I am insane. After all, I keep trying to be a normal girl and make everyone I care about happy. I've been, mostly playing by the rules. And where has it got me?" I ask the confused and desperate woman. "It's got me to my breaking point, twice. And yet, I keep trying to play nice. So yeah, I am insane. Because I keep doing the same thing, over, and over, and over. Well guess what, Rebecca?"

She doesn't say anything. Her only response being to stare at me in barely restrained fear.

"It's about time I come to my senses." I smile before motioning Rex over while squishing her mouth open. "Charge her bones."

"Uh, kid I can only charge inorganic shit, not-"

"Your Manton limit is solid matter." I point out, causing him to flinch. "Not organic matter. Now charge her skeleton, I want to see just what she can take."

" How do you know that?" He asks, dropping his usual false bravado for once. "Not even Lung knows that."

"Don't question me right now." I say as I look to him with red, slitted eyes. "Do it."

I've thought about this for quite a bit. Her immortality, isn't all or nothing. Otherwise, asphyxiation wouldn't do jack all. But it does.

That's the key.

Rex walks forward and tentatively pokes his hand forward. And I have to use a decent amount of strength to hold Alexandria still for this.

"Nooo! Ooo! Eeeze! On't oo ish! Oo own oow ahsh ah ake!" She begs.

Oxygen deprivation, she can be targeted by natural processes. And, here's the big one. Rex's power, takes solid molecules, and destabilizes them.

In theory, his power should work on her. Because unlike Alexandria's immortality.

Rex's destabilization, is all or nothing. If it's solid, it can blow up.

"Oh I know what's at stake." I say as I watch her cry as the yellow cracks on her teeth expand and glow. "I just don't care. I'll solve your golden problem. And you'll just have to die, knowing you did nothing to actually help. Also, Eidolon's Agent is the one activating the Endbringers sooo, big dumb on you!"

Her eyes widen at that. And I grin at her torment. Taking satisfaction in her suffering after the shit she tried to pull.

"Alright!" Rex says. "Moment I let go, she's got five seconds until her bones are dusted and a nuke goes off."

"Do it." I say as I expand my absorption field to cover her.

Rex takes his hand away.

"What are you doing?" He asks, slightly panicked. "Go! Get her out of here! She's a living nuke!"

"I know." I say right before she blows. All of the kinetic force being pushed out of her mouth as she's still invulnerable.

"Oh fuck!" He cries out, shielding his face as, nothing happens. "What the fuck?"

He peeks back, lowering his arms as he sees me holding a limp noodle of a flesh sack that is the still living Alexandria. Or rather the struggling to stay alive Alexandria. Seeing as she has no bones, and thus is now missing out on the most important aspects of life.

Like, structure, and stability. I mean, she's such a flop right now, she doesn't have a leg to stand on!

"Oh god is that, I'm gonna be sick!" Rex says as he turns around and hurls into the water.

"Yeah I just wanted to see if that would work." I say as I begin folding the now spineless woman into a ball.

I don't need Alexandria alive to get the message across. I just thought that if I could, I can at least say I tried. I've no doubt Cauldron will find out that I'm the one who killed her. And they'll either A, try to deal with me. In which case bring it the fuck on!

Or B, leave me the fuck alone as they stumble their way through a genocide, partially of their own creation.

"Aw, aaha! Oh I'm going to need so much therapy." Rex switches between nervous laughter and cringing at all the squishing sounds. "Aw god! Oh! Is, is she still alive?"

"Not for long." I say as I begin syphoning energy and freezing her. Same way I did Stormfront.

"Oh, oh god I'm going to need so much therapy after this." He says as he dry heaves.

"You already said that." I say before asking. "Can you blow up ice?"

Only this time, she won't break. Even though she's officially brain dead, from having her brain frozen.

"Yeah?" He says desperately.

And thus, no evidence was ever left behind. To the entire world, Alexandria disappeared a week ago right before Chief Director Costa-Brown went to Brockton Bay. And Rebecca Costa-Brown disappeared after wandering away from Brockton's airport.

.

.

-Downtown East, ABB Hideout, 3am-

.

.

Rex "Ginobog" Sloan POV

.

Trudging into the base's kitchen, I don't even acknowledge the others as I head for the fridge. Intent on killing every brain cell associated with tonight.

"Ginobog." The boss man says as I pass him. "Look at me when I'm speaking to you!"

"In a minute." I say as I open the fridge and grab a beer. Though, the moment I do, I get slammed into the wall by the fridge.

" What did you say to me?" He says with his hand on my throat.

"In, a, minute!" I rasp as I pop the cap off of the beer on the fridge door and bring it up to down it as best I can.

Though, boss man doesn't like my tone it seems. As he tosses me to the side and into a table.

I saved my beer though!

"You do not speak to your Daimyo that way boy." Lung says as he marches up and places a foot on my thigh. "Such disrespect has a price!"

"You wanna know what went down at the docks." I chuckle out as I take a swig.

He was gonna get this way no matter what. I'm just, speeding this up and getting it the fuck over with.

"I do." He says as he presses down.

"Not happen'n captain." I chuckle as I down the beer.

"You dare deny me?" He says in a low voice as my leg goes numb. "I've killed men for less."

"Yeah, and it'd be a heaven to hell distance's better, than what that damned twerp will do to me if I talk." I laugh at the absurdity of it all. "Think you can shove my arm up my ass and make it come out my throat? And use your powers to make sure I survive the experience!? Because that's what she promised me."

Lung stares me down at that. Not giving any ground on the matter, he puts more weight on my leg, snapping some of the table I'm on.

"Ack!" I hiss in pain as he leans over and glares down at me.

"Just, tell me, what happened." He growls. "Be vague, if you must."

Best deal I'm gonna get.

"Killed someone." I groan. "No evidence, but, ooooh people'll know! We, she made me kill someone big."

"Someone from the city?" He asks as he stops applying pressure.

"No, not really." I groan in pain. "Out of town guest, here on business. Gone on a permanent vacation to visit their ancestors. That's it."

He stares down at me, applying a little more weight. Before letting up after seeing that I ain't talking.

"Next time you disrespect." He says with a glare. "I roast your balls on my hibachi, and make you eat it."

"Heh." I laugh out of stress as I let my head fall to the floor. "Start'n ta sound like the fox."

I miss the fight pits.

.

.

-Friday, August 20th, North Docks station, 9am-

.

.

Firebreather POV

.

Waking up to the ringing of my phone. I groan as I look over and see the I.D. as unknown. And let it ring.

If it's important, they'll call again.

"Who was that?" Crystal asks as she rubs my chest.

"Unknown caller." I yawn, turning over and resting my chin on her head.

"Hmm, can you hand me my meds before I forget?" She asks.

"Sure thing." I say as I turn over to my back and grab the orange bottle off the nightstand.

Turns out, Crystal has something called nymphomania. And, after looking it up, it explains, a lot. And she takes meds to suppress it.

"Here." I say as I hand her the bottle.

"Thanks babe." She says as she pops it open and just, downs two pills before handing it back to me.

I still don't know how she does that. And I eat coal!

I go to say something, but get cut off by the phone ringing again.

Going over, I see it's the same number. Sighing, I pick up the phone and tap the answer button with a knuckle.

Claws and touch screen don't do well together.

"Hello?" I ask.

"Dragon boy!" I hear the excitable voice of Kitsu.

"Kitsu." I say as Crystal opens her eyes and raises a brow. "What's up?"

"I got some stuff being delivered to the station, can you bring it to the Rig?" She asks.

"Can I do it later?" I ask, still drowsy and hoping to sleep in.

"Um, sooner the better?" She asks. "I'll make it worth your while!"

"Not interested." I say.

"I won't tell everyone about what happened at Crystal's graduation party." My eyes shoot open at that.

"W-what are you talking about?" I ask nervously.

"The dragon claiming the princess." She says as my heart stops.

…

"W-what time?" I ask.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

'Hook that into there, put that there.' I list off as I read back and forth from the instructions Erik sent me.

I got the hardware equipment delivered to the north ferry station. Not like RadioShack does mid bay deliveries to the Rig. I just had to kind of blackmail Firebreather with what he and Crystal were up to during her graduation.

Not that it was genuine, everyone already knew.

"And, yellow plug, to the yellow receiver." I say out loud before blinking and reading that a second time. "Well duh!"

Erik bought this stuff for me. What with all that's been happening, I didn't feel like pushing my luck with mom and asking her to buy me a whole gaming PC setup. Even if it's with my money. I, didn't think I'd be able to convince her.

I intend to pay him back! Just, with my revenues. It shouldn't take too long. I'm a cute irl fox girl with a cute voice who can sing! The only thing that might hinder me is that I'm real and not 2D.

"And, plug in!" I say excitedly as I do so. And I realize two important things.

One, I don't have a chair, or desk. I set up the PC, on the ground. Two, I, need the wifi password.

So, currently sitting here, contemplating where I went wrong. I can only think of one thing to say in my situation.

"Dang it!"

.

.

-1pm-

.

.

"It's open!" I answer the knock on my door as I set up my social media accounts.

Before, I only had PHO, now I have a Facebook, Gmail, Youtube, Microsoft, Steam, and as much as I cringe at it. A twitter account. No instagram, that either isn't a thing, or is yet to be a thing. Same with twitch.

I thought about doing Vines, but remembered how short lived that was.

"Hey kiddo!" Dad says as he opens my door, only to pause as he sees me on the floor, wires everywhere as I figure this stuff out. "What's uh, what's all this?"

"I'mma be a star!" I say excitedly as I throw my hands up.

"Uh, huh." He says dubiously as he looks around at the mess. "Um, are we talking literally? Because it looks like you're about to light yourself up."

" No." I scoff at him. "I'm gonna be an internet celebrity!"

He, clearly doesn't get it. Which, I don't blame him. He already had kids before the internet was really a thing.

"Um, sure thing kiddo." He says as he walks forward and steps around the wires. "I just wanted to see if you wanted to talk."

"About what?" I ask as I go back to figuring some of this stuff out.

I've been texting Erik nonstop, but the bastard is ghosting me!

Or he's doing something else. Probably that.

"About you retiring." He says as he sits next to me. "Your mother told me you finally came out and said it."

"You're talking like you already knew I wanted to." I say as I figure out OBS on my own.

Is it hardware, or software? I don't know. Erik just said I need it, but I didn't find anything like it in the packages Firebreather dropped off.

"I did." He says plainly.

I stop my actions and slowly turn to him.

"Since when?" I ask in disbelief.

"For a while now." He says as he puts a hand on my head for scratches. "I just figured you'd say something when you were ready. Your mother is currently talking to Amy about the hospital as well."

Oh, that's a change.

"How come?" I ask as I lean into his hand.

"Because I told her how Amy doesn't like the hospital." He says, causing me to perk up.

"Did she not already know?" I ask as I look up to him in confusion.

"Your mother has a habit of, not seeing what she doesn't want to see." Dad says with a smirk. "And when she's confronted with what she doesn't like, tends to have one of two responses. Deal with it as fast and efficiently as possible, or drown herself in work until the problem goes away."

And Amy hating her hero work, isn't something that can be ignored. There are too many examples of capes having mental breakdowns from stress. As much as the PRT tries to hide it.

Heck, Shego got tired of being seen as the token girl on her team and snapped. Mr. Incredible has put three civilians in the hospital when he was in hiding. Wade told me about that one. And there are more, just none I can think of off the top of my head.

I do know Mom is terrified of one of us turning into a Shego.

.

.

-Meanwhile, Mark & Carol's room-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"I'm, fine." Amy says evasively.

"Amy, I understand not wanting to talk about it." I try and reassure her. "But, I just want to understand."

"There's nothing to understand." Amy says dismissively as she crosses her arms and leans against the wall. "Mark is just overthinking. I'm fine and you don't need to worry about me."

"But I am." I say genuinely. "Just, look me in the eye and tell me. Tell me you don't hate going to the hospital and healing."

Amy looks to me with a slight glare, one I'm used to receiving from her. And, she looks away before shrugging.

"This is stupid." She says as she pushes off the wall and heads for the door.

"Amy please." I say as I get up and grab her by the shoulder, causing her to flinch and look to me with wide eyes. "Just, tell me why? I promise I won't be mad at you. I just, I want to understand you."

"Now?" She says as I see something snap in her eyes. " Now you want to understand me? To get to know me? Now? After a decade of, of, of disregard!?"

'Calm yourself Carol.' I tell myself as I feel my temper flare at her tone. 'You made a promise, you keep it.'

Not only that, I, can't say anything. She's, not wrong.

"I, I'm trying to be better okay?" I say after a few breaths to calm myself. "So please, meet me half way."

She takes a deep breath while glaring. And then, she starts.

"You want to know why?" She says as she shrugs my hand off her shoulder. "Why I go to the hospital every fucking day? For free and heal jackasses, drug addicts, and contenders for dumbest Darwin award since butt rocket victims? Now you want to know?"

Her shoulders are shaking as she starts huffing, heaving heavy breaths as she glares at me. And that, breaks my heart. And, I don't know why.

"You want my feelings? Fine! I hate the place." She says. "I hate the people there! I hate the doctors and nurses, I hate the patients. I hate being looked up to as some sort of revolution in medicine, and with every person I heal, I hate it all just a little bit more."

"Then why keep going?" I ask, fearful of the answer.

"Because of you!" She says, pointing a finger at me, her voice trembling as tears prick her eyes. "It's, all because of you! I go to the hospital to escape you! I go to the hospital hoping you'll notice me!"

And there it is. What I feared. I, didn't want to admit it to myself, but I knew it.

I was hoping Amy put in so many hours at the hospital because she likes it. Likes using her powers and healing people.

And, hearing that she didn't like the hospital. I was hoping it was, maybe because of some cute girl that's always there. And she was trying to impress her or something.

Teen stuff.

"Why?" Is all I can muster the strength to say.

"Because I want you to love me!" She says as she starts crying as she goes red in the face. "You're my mother! And yet, I don't even feel like I'm your daughter. I feel like I'm someone you were convinced or bribed into letting stay in your house! I go to the hospital because it's the only place you won't ask twice about me going to! And it's the only place I can go where you might be proud of me for going!"

I stay silent as I let her rant. Not that I have anything to say. I, have too much whirling in my mind to really talk anyway.

"I just, I want you to love me." She says with a crack in her voice. "And, and I, I don't get it! I save more people a day than I can count! And you never even smile at me. Yet Vicky can stop speeding truck or, get an A on her test and she's praised up and down the boardwalk! Kitsu! She's been here less than a year and she's more your daughter than I've been in ten years! I just, I, hate all of it! I hate the hospital, I hate the people, I hate Kitsu and I hate you! And I hate myself for hating everything."

She's fully crying at this point. And, in this moment, this moment of vulnerability. I, I can't see why I ever thought her to be like The Marquis.

So, as she stands there crying. I watch as she covers her eyes and falls against the wall. Sliding down on shaky legs as she cries into her hands.

"Amy, I, I'm sorry." I say as I kneel down and hug her.

"You, you never, why?" She cries. "Why? Why am I not enough?"

I don't even know myself.

"You're more than enough." I say as I comfort my daughter. "I'm, I'm sorry I never saw that. I'm sorry I made you feel unloved."

"I'm, I'm a horrible person." She cries. "You're right to not love me."

"Don't say that." I say as I stroke her hair. "You're a good person, better than most of us."

Better than me, clearly.

"I hate everyone, so much!" She cries into my chest. "How am I not a bad person?"

"Because you haven't done anything wrong." I say softly.

"Yet." She chokes out. "At this rate, it's only a matter of time. I, I, I don't even know!"

Neither do I.

"It's okay." I say softly.

How did I fuck up so bad, and for so long? Why didn't anyone call me on my bullshit?

.

.

-Meanwhile, Kitsu's room-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Why are there five yellow wires!?" I cry out to the heavens.

"This one looks more orange to me." Dad says, picking one up.

"We are not getting into this old man!" I point to him before going to my, Vicky's, phone that I'm borrowing. "And why won't Erik answer me!?"

.

.

-Sunday, Cafeteria, August 22nd, The Rig, 9am-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

Another day, another problem. Amy has decided to stop going to the hospital for a bit, see if it makes her happier. And Kitsu, somehow managed to get a whole PC system into the building, unnoticed. And I had to remind her that she's grounded. And that means no games for a week.

Other than that, I'm left with the fact that, of my three daughters. All with powers, only one wants to continue what I thought would be a family business.

I, only really have myself to blame. For one of them that is, if I had just gotten my head out of my ass, maybe Amy wouldn't be locked in her room crying and feeling like she's a bad person.

Add on to that, I still need to find a house! And I haven't told Sarah or anyone else about Kitsu and Amy wanting to step away from heroics.

And that's not even mentioning getting the kids back into school!

"And this house just opened up at downtown east. Right next to the south ferry station." Sarah says as she passes me the laptop.

It's a nice house. Two story, garage, five bedroom, two bathroom, dining, living, kitchen and attic. Yard is bout ten feet smaller than the old one. But other than that, it'd be perfect if it wasn't twenty thousand out of my price range.

"No, this one's too much." I say tiredly. "It's too close to the edge of my budget."

"By how much?" Kitsu says as she just, pops up next to me. Peeking over the edge of the table as she hangs off of it. Her legs pulled up as she uses her tail to kick back and forth.

"What the, do you just lurk around?" I ask the little girl as she swings.

"Sometimes." She says with a shrug. "It's fun to walk around and have people just, not see you."

'Note to self, have a discussion on possible eavesdropping and voyeurism later.' I mentally check off.

"We'll be having a talk about that later." I say as I take my pencil and point it at her.

"Bah!" She groans before standing up, only to throw her top half on the table. "Is it a serious talk? I'm serioused out."

"Too bad." I say as I go back to the computer.

"Argh!" She groans. "Also you never said the thing from before."

"What thing?" I ask.

"The thing about the money." She says as she stands up straight, only to start swinging on the table ledge again.

Sarah's words ring in my mind. How Kitsu is loaded with cash. Also doesn't help that she's right across me and nodding to the girl.

But, I just can't do it. Part of it is pride, the other part is me not wanting to take advantage of her. She's been through a lot, and she's done enough as is for now. Buying a house should not be a thirteen year old's concern.

"It's nothing." I say as I turn back to the laptop.

"Carol is just looking for homes and is worried about the price." Sarah says.

'The little rat!' I can't help but feel my blood boil.

She, knows my stance on all of this! I've been trying to keep this from Kitsu because I know she'll want to help.

"If it's money, then-" Kitsu starts.

"No, save your money." I cut her off immediately.

"Let me assist you woman!" She demands, kicking the floor.

"Kitsu go bug your father." I say as I turn back to the laptop.

Ignoring her is, admittedly a gamble. She'll either get bored and go bug someone else. Or, she'll find a way to escalate.

I'm going through the listings, trying to find a house I can use. But with the insurance on our last house dragging their feet in the mud, I have a very limited window. I don't want to spend anymore time here than I need to, last thing I need is the PRT thinking I owe them. But the listings are just-

"Sarah can I borrow your phone." Kitsu says as I pause on the house Sarah had just shown me.

"Sure thing sweetie." Sarah says as she gives her phone to the girl.

Probably going to look up videos or some-

"Heads up recorded line, calling in that favor for the busted, um, concert north of Winslow." Kitsu starts talking. "Anyway, near the south ferry station, can you get the listing for the house that just went up for sale down to half? No traces, Jim's Coastal Reala- oh that's one of yours? Perfect, tell Rex I'm not paying for the therapy and tell Alice to get bent thanks bye!" She says quickly before setting the phone down.

"Kitsu what did you just do!?" I ask as I look to the girl with wide eyes as she immediately starts running away.

"You never said I couldn't, you can't be mad at me!" She says as she bolts out of the cafeteria. Zipping past people and tables as she barrels out the door.

I contemplate getting up and chasing after her. Before realizing that it's a fight I'll never win. For one, superspeed, two, invisibility, three, super senses.

"Haaa, Jesus Christ." I sigh as I put my head in my hands.

"She seems lively." Sarah says.

"I don't want to hear anything from you." I say as I close the laptop and slide it back over to her before packing up my papers.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Things Kitsu is not allowed to do on the Rig.

.

Crawl through the air ducts.

Crawl through the vents.

Pick locks.

Impersonate staff.

Steal clothes.

Steal sheets.

Steal.

Borrow without express permission

Use illusions to impersonate staff.

Use illusions to create a fiction identity that may be perceived as a member of staff.

Handle firearms.

Handle chemicals not meant for consumption.

Enter Piggot's office without her in the room. Piggot counts as staff.

Set fires. This includes herself. (Side note, if Kitsu is found to be on fire, leave her be.)

Enter the kitchen.

Enter the armory.

Enter any tinker workshop without written permission from the occupier of the workshop.

Forge written permission for anything.

.

.

Notice to all Rig personnel.

It has come to my attention that the more bored Kitsu becomes. The more, erratic and prone to extremes she becomes. As such, since we cannot evict her until she performs something drastic and life threatening. It is recommended that should she be found trying to alleviate her boredom through, less than desirable means. Certain steps are to be followed to avoid escalation.

1, do not ignore her. Especially if she is trying to get your attention. Being ignored seems to only cause her to feel the need to act out more.

2, If she is doing something that may prove, detrimental to the health and security of staff, attempt to contact one of four individuals. Miss Militia, Vista, Mark Dallon, or Carol Dallon. If it is a very serious matter, inform Kitsu that you are about to contact Carol Dallon if she does not stop her actions. This usually works.

Under no circumstances are you to try and contact Armsmaster over anything Kitsu related. Any staff member found violating this specific subset of directions will be put on a week long station of janitorial duty for Lyra's dogs.

3, try to divert her behavior. She is a child and prefers to act as such. Convince her to do something else. Whether it be through a challenge, or through offering to play with her. Give her your phone and put on YouTube if you need to.

4, do not, under any circumstances tell her she's cannot do something without immediately following it with telling her you'll inform her mother. She will take it as a challenge.

.

I know this may seem demeaning and beneath you. But may I remind all of you, that this girl, no matter how cute and unassuming, defeated Behemoth in one hit. And also bypassed seven security measures because she was bored and wanted to play paintball.

Keep that in mind.

Signed, Director Emily Piggot.

.

.

A/N

Cauldron really fucked up.

Kitsu is done fucking around. She's done being fucked with. She's done being reactive.

This is the start of Kitsu's clean up arc. She's done playing games.

.

Amy, sort of snapped with everything going on. And with the knowledge from Kitsu now weighing on her. It's a rude and rough awakening, but a needed one.

.

Next chapter! Kitsu's new home!

.

.

Gimme all da comments!

.

Find me in newb's-grotto at the discord!

.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, macdjord, Finsdale and 168 others
Newb to the game
Sep 3, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 71 Kitsu’s new home, and Kitsu’s Debut! New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Sep 11, 2024
Add bookmark
#589
A/N: Kitsu's new home, and Kitsu's Debut!

Alt Title: Oh, no. Something went wrong.

.

.

Again, CONSTRUCTIVE CRITISM! To those complaining just to complain about what you don't like without offering potential solutions or directions. All you are doing is making me want to stop writing this story altogether.

.

That being said, few people pointed out how, easily Alexandria was killed. And only one person pointed out how exposed and in the open she was.

.

To address Kitsu betraying Missy's trust by killing Alexandria.

Missy was upset over Kitsu killing people who she feel didn't deserve it. Missy had no issue with Kitsu killing Maureen, or Stormfront. It was the fleeing non-capes that she had an issue with. People she felt didn't deserve to die.

I Kitsu's mind, killing Alexandria is justified and doesn't break Missy's trust because of everything Alexandria is responsible for. She believes that if Missy knew what Alexandria's done, Missy would not mind Alexandria's death.

Does that make it right? No, not really. But that's up to the individual. If Missy did in fact know about everything Alexandria and Cauldron were responsible for, Missy would me willing to look the other way as Kitsu butchered them.

The issue here, is the secrecy in which Kitsu is going behind everyone's back. But, Kitsu is not thinking of Missy when she killed Alexandria. She's thinking of her friends and family. And she knows for a fact, that most of them would be okay with her killing Alexandria.

In a weird, ironic way. Kitsu is being a hypocrite by doing exactly the same thing Alexandria does. Horrible things in secret, because she believes it's for the greater good.

.

cassnova5424: I may or may not give you that present twice!

And you did. But then again, many people have mentioned something about streamer Kitsu.

Vadrulesall: Everything you have said is 100% correct. With one exception.

Kitsu is absolutely being arrogant in thinking that killing Alexandria will send the message she wants.

And I hope to address all of that. And yes, this was planned. If you check QQ you can see this goes back a few weeks, almost the day after I posted. You'll see what I mean.

The only exception, is Alexandria's importance. Taylor killed Alexandria in canon by suffocating lungs with a swarm of bugs. And Contessa did nothing to stop it, because her path of victory didn't include Alexandria.

Anyumaaka: The issue here, is that Kitsu was reaching the end of her patience. She had just dealt with three, three very emotional and mentally taxing problems. And "Alexandria" being uncooperative had sort of just, pushed her too far. She was saying she'd kill her, she knew how to kill her, and "Alexandria" was still trying to bargain or negotiate.

GideonBlackthorn: Thank you! I've done a lot to redeem Carol as best I can. And I'm glad to see it's working.

Hey! Okay, got your attention? Read the next reply.

YeTianshi: Yes, Kitsu does ultimately have a sense of detachment towards, everyone. Her meta knowledge just fucks her like that. 90% of people she meets that matter, she already has their life story, and some of it isn't even applicable. It's like meeting a voice actor you know the roles of at a con. You just, there's always going to be a level of detachment when you meet them. Kitsu, does not see 90% of people, as people.

And yes, that list got updated as time went on.

Dio Genus: Poor Rex indeed. Poor, Rex, indeed.

Crywolf178: Yeah, it was a rinse and repeat of them saying "You can't do this! Or this! No not that either! Don't make me get your mother!"

Nullblaster: Not yet.

T4ndoris: Not quite yet.

Ben Turner1: I gave a reference to you in this chapter! Let me know if you find it!

Kaykaykaykayan: God shall not save you, he's too busy hiding.

Grimnosh: You know, Alexandria's behavior did seem a bit, off. Don't you think? Almost, no I won't spoil it.

And Crystal takes her meds regularly because she wants her relationship to work. And Fire has expressed at this point that he doesn't care for the constant sex and it makes him feel like she's using him for some sort of fantasy.

She is, but she doesn't want him knowing or feeling bad over it.

And yes, vents and ducts are the same. Kitsu just has a habit of talking circles around people to annoy them into giving up.

Mightaswell: Constructive. Angry reviews make me not want to keep writing and just stop.

Also, Alexandria died in canon, killed by Taylor. And nothing happened.

Also, Bonesaw was genuinely one of the three I was considering shipping Kitsu with, the other two being Missy and Chris.

Yordanxl: I think the biggest dumb they do, is that they know powers are geared for causing conflict. Yet they never once stop to think that maybe The Path is as well.

Slowest Turtle: Thank you!

Mangouschase: please elaborate.

RadChaos897: sorry, but I'm starting to run on fumes. I write the responses to reviews last, and it's 12:02 am right now.

As for the bonus being an SCP reference? Eat your lab coat. Again.

Ehe73vdjd83hehduc7ebdbx83hrbch: Your name reminds of the default passwords on WiFi boxes.

Gogmazios: Thank you!

Valdiusmacto: The issue is not that Kitsu killed. Missy was okay with Kitsu killing Stormfront, she just wasn't okay with how.

Brunoid: LAST ONE! Thank you!

Good night.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Wednesday, Dallon's new house, August 25th, 10am-

.

.

Carol Dallon POV

.

"This place is awesome!" Kitsu shouts excitedly as she runs through the house.

"Slow down!" I call out as she disappears up the stairs. "I don't need you putting any holes in the walls!"

I don't get a response from the girl as I continue to hear the pitter patter of her feet as she runs around up stairs. Other than the occasional sound of clicking from doors being opened.

It's a more modern home as opposed to our old one. Made in a modern Victorian style. It's a two story home with an attic. The front entrance opens to a main foyer, the ceiling being up to the second story with a crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling. To the right is an entrance to the dining room, and back past that towards the back of the house is the kitchen. Deep brown hardwood floors, white cabinet counters with black marble counter tops and an island counter in the middle. Above the sink is a window that opens to the backyard.

And it has a dishwasher.

To the right is an archway to the living room. Which has a bay window with seats looking out to the front yard. The room is fairly barren, being just hardwood floor, grey walls and open space for now.

"Cut her some slack." Mark says softly as he comes up behind me. "She's probably just excited to be off the Rig and into her own room again."

"I call dibs on the attic!" We hear Kitsu shout out.

"The attic is for storage!" I call back.

"It can store my fluffy tail!" She says back to me.

"So which room is mine?" Vicky asks as she walks in behind us, along with Amy.

"There are four bedrooms you three can pick from." I say as we step out of the way for the two to pass us. "And no, the attic is not one of them."

"Noted." Vicky says as she passes us and flies up the stairs.

"And no flying!" I call after her. "That rule hasn't changed!"

I sigh before turning back to Amy. Who is wearing her hoodie with the hood up as she keeps her arms crossed.

"Hey, you-" I try to say before she just walks past.

'Keep your cool Carol.' I tell myself. 'She's going through a lot of stuff, and so are you.'

"She'll come around." Mark says as he places a hand on my shoulder. "I'm sure of it."

"I know." I say as I rub my temples. "I know, it's, it's just frustrating. I want to help her, but, I just can't."

"No, you just don't know how." He says as he holds me by my shoulder and leans over to give my forehead a kiss.

"That's the problem."

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"I'm the natural flyer!" Vicky says. "It makes more sense for me to get it."

"I'm the one who got this house for us so cheap!" I counter. "Therefore I have more authority."

"I'm older!" She counters. "Therefore I have more authority over you."

"I'm cuter!" I point out. "So I have pretty privilege."

It's a real thing! Just look at pandas! The only reason they still exist can be boiled down to how cute people think they are.

"I'm hotter." She spits back. "So my pretty privilege counters yours."

'Fiddle sticks!' I curse to myself. 'She's right!'

"I'm stronger." I challenge.

"I'm the hero." Vicky says with a triumphant smile. "Again, only right that I get it."

That's a little, but okay.

"I'm the favorite." I push back.

"Uh, are not." Vicky scoffs. "You haven't even been here a year. How can you be the favorite?"

"Because I'm the youngest." I say smugly. "And everyone knows that the youngest is the favorite."

"What are you girls fighting over?" Mom asks as she walks up the stairs.

"Vicky's being mean!" I tattle, pointing to the girl.

Mom just looks to me, unimpressed with my antics before turning to Vicky.

"She wants the room with a balcony." Vicky says before turning to me. "When I called it."

"And she's being mean about it!" I say before turning to her. "I called the attic, you don't see me fighting you for it."

"Both of you stop!" Mom shouts, and I sit down on the floor.

What? I like being extra. Get with it already.

"Vicky, why?" Mom asks, pointing to the girl.

"I'm the natural flyer, I'm still a hero, I called it first." Vicky says, and Mom looks to me.

"Why?" She asks.

"I want it." I say seriously with a serious look to the very serious woman.

"Amy!" Mom calls out.

"What?" She says, leaning out of the room she picked.

It's the one with a large closet and a window facing the neighbor's house.

"Do you want the room with a balcony?" Mom asks.

"What would I do with a balcony?" Amy asks with a shake of her head.

"Just thought I'd ask." Mom says before Amy slinks back into her room.

"Soooo, it's mine, right?" I say as I give her puppy dog eyes and a sweet grin.

"It's Vicky's." Mom says before turning back around towards the stairs.

"What!?" I exclaim as I jump up and run over to Mom. Clinging to the rail like spider man to catch her as she leaves. "That's not fair! I'm the one who got us this house for cheap!"

"And you're lucky I don't re-ground you for how you did it." Mom says with a glare. "Besides, Vicky's right. Her being the hero and a flyer with easy access to the open air is more logical."

"But-" I start as she rounds the landing.

"Yes, butt, now get your fluffy one off the railing before I do ground it." She says seriously.

"Yes ma'am." I comply as I hop off the railing. "Can I have the sunroom then?"

"You can pick one of the remaining bedrooms." Mom stresses as she enters the main hall.

"What if I put a bed in the sunroom!?" I ask as she moves out of sight.

"Then it'd be a sunroom with a bed." Mom says as she walks away. "Not a bedroom!"

"Aww." I whine as I slump over the railing. Which, is just me resting my chin on the rail, I'm short. "Phooey."

Was I not serious enough?

.

.

-12pm-

.

.

I ended up choosing the room with a window facing the bay. Or rather, the bay and the ferry station where the other members of New Wave live.

I'm still a part of New Wave. I'm just, no longer full time I guess. I'm on the roster, but I'm taken off the rotation for patrols.

It feels, it makes me feel bad. Like they're excluding me. I know it's dumb. I literally asked for it. But, a small part of me still wants to stay a mainstay hero. If for no other reason than to feel as though I belong with them.

But, enough of that. This room has a bigger closet!

I need to call Parian and get my wardrobe remade. And updated because my underwear is starting to get a bit tight. Need to get ahold of some moss for my floor. Get some potting soil and plants.

"Awe!" I exclaim as I remember the wonder fruit tree I made. The one with the blue bananas.

I don't even remember what all went in it!

And I need to set up my computer system!

Wait, that's still packed up.

"Kitsu! Pizza!" Mom calls.

"PIZZA!" I shout as I run out of my room and jump over the balcony railing to the main hall where I run to the kitchen where Mom and Dad are. "Pizza! Where's the pizza?"

Why don't I smell pizza? Why didn't I hear any delivery man? Where's the pizza!?

"Put on your shoes kiddo." Dad says as he walks up and pats my head. "Where going grocery shopping."

"No pizza?" I ask sadly.

"There's pizza at the store." Mom says as she rolls her eyes and turns back to the table to sort through more papers.

"Why say pizza?" I ask, miffed at a false code pizza.

"Because it was the fastest way to get your attention." Dad answers for her. "Now hurry up, I'll be waiting in the car."

I better get my pizza.

.

.

-Basket Market, 1:30pm-

.

.

"This car smells funny." I complain for the, fourth time I think.

"Well, it is a rental." Dad says as he parks it. "No telling what's happened in here."

"I can name three things." I say as I recognize certain smells.

"Well, sooner we get done, sooner we get home and you can get away from this." He says as we hop out of the car.

"Or, alternatively." I say as I face him. "The longer we take, the longer I can avoid this abomination!"

He scoffs as he puts a hand on my head and turns me towards the store.

"Get moving ya goof." He chuckles.

"Excuse you?" I say as I cross my arms and give him a glare. "I believe you're forgetting something important?"

"You're right!" He says as he snaps his fingers, and I hold my arms out for him to pick me up. "I forgot the cart!"

"What, hey!" I call back as he steps away from me. "You dare treat me in such a manner man servant!?"

"You dare to speak to me in such a way tiny human!?" He says as he turns around and faces me with wide eyes, angry eyes. Playing along with me.

"But of course!" I say as I cross my arms. "For it is only natural that royalty speak down to peasants!"

"Peasant!" He says with a gasp as he puts a hand to his chest in mock offence. "Why, I never!"

"Bathe?" I say as I inspect my nails. "Yes, I can tell. I don't bring it up because I feel it beneath me to mock the less fortunate for their shortcomings."

"Funny you should talk of short comings." He says in a haughty tone. "I'd not speak so big for one who experiences great adversity when it comes to accessing rollercoasters."

"I'll have you know good sir that I need not go on rollercoasters to entertain myself." I retort. "And I find the insinuation that I require such childish means of amusement to be most insulting."

"Alright." He says with a laugh and a shake of his head before turning to get a cart. "Let's head inside already. Before you talk us into being out here till they close."

"Till I talk us out to being, being, out to be." I try before I get tongue twisted. "Be to, to, get back here old man!"

.

.

-Thursday, Dallon's new house, August 26th, 10am-

.

.

And done!

"I did it!" I cheer as I jump up.

I finished setting up my computer! Again.

But I did it right this time! I think. Only one way to find out. And that's by turning it on!

Five minutes and a Crocodile Hunter episode later, I got sidetracked, and I realize something important.

I still don't have a desk or chair. I can't stream like this! Is humiliating! I need to get my background personalized. And by background, I mean my room.

"Time to go on a fetch quest." I sigh as I get up and trudge to my closet and get ready.

'Should probably leave a note on Mom and Dad's door.' I think to myself as I get dressed out of my undies and tee shirt.

Been a while since I did some good old fashioned running anyway.

'Wait, I don't have any money on me. Darn it!' I mentally note, before thinking of a solution. 'Vicky has money!'

I get up and run out of my room. Run over to Vicky's room and knock on the door.

"Who is it?" Vicky calls.

"The milkman!" I call back.

It doesn't take long to hear Vicky's bed creak as she moves and starts to walk towards her door. Opening it to reveal her in a white tee and her panties.

I'm no better, but at least my tee shirt falls below my butt! Or, it would if I didn't have my tail.

"Sup?" She asks casually.

"I want money." I say and hold my hand out.

"Get a job." She says as she leans on the doorframe and crosses her arms.

"I desire a loan." I say as I flex my hand.

"Nearest bank's a ten minute fly east." She says again.

Gonna make me work for it huh?

"May I please have money?" I ask.

"Sorry." She says with a smirk. "I'm broke."

'Darn it!' I mentally curse as I turn around and begin to trudge back to my room.

"Hang on." Vicky says, stopping me.

"What's up?" I ask the bare legged blonde.

"I was just, wondering if you wanted to chat." She says with a shrug.

"I'm not giving you bigger bazongas." I say before turning back around.

"I'm not asking for that!" Vicky scoffs. "I just, do you wanna hang?"

Turning back to her, I look to my room, and then back to her. Before deciding to mentally say fuck it. I've got nothing better to do.

.

.

"And now Gertrude's upset because Jasmine slept with Alex." Vicky says.

"But didn't Gertrude break up with Alex?" I ask as I lean forward on the bed while hugging the pillow, dumbfounded at the redundancy.

"Exactly!" Vicky says with a roll of her eyes. "And it's not like they went all the way or anything. Just a blowjob behind the school."

"Well at least Alex had a good time." I say with a shrug.

"Yeah, him and every guy on the track team." Vicky snorts as she lays back on the bed.

"What'dyou mean?" I ask with a tilt of my head.

"Oh, just that Jasmine is known for being easy." Vicky says. "And I don't mean in the, she's had five boyfriends this year, easy. I mean she literally walked up to the football team and asked for a gangbang."

"I did not need to hear that." I say as I recoil at the image.

I've met Jasmine at school! I don't need that image in my mind every time I see her!

When and if I go back.

"Fine. I'll tone it down ya prude." Vicky laughs before bouncing on her side to face me as she props her head up on her hand. "Besides that, did you hear?"

"Hear what?" I ask before flicking my ears. "Because it's probably a yes."

"Oh, just that Pinky and Erik are a thing." Vicky smirks as though she discovered an evil plot.

"I already knew." I say, bursting her bubble.

"What!?" Vicky says with a frown. "No you did not!"

"It was kinda obvious." I say as I sway in place, still holding the pillow.

"I refuse to believe you knew about Erik and Pinky before I did." Vicky says with a flat stare.

"And what is that suppose to mean?" I ask with a pointed glare.

"Kitsu." Vicky says as she sits up. "I personally watched three separate people hit on you."

'Bullshit!' I call out internally. 'I call foul!'

"Oh yeah?" I say challengingly. "Name, one person whose-"

"Ben and FastTrack." Vicky says with zero hesitation. "Why do you think Missy gets so upset and possessive when they're around?"

She has? I just thought she was being extra assertive with me. And I thought she was picking up on the fact that I like it.

"Name one time FastTrack's hit on me." I challenge.

"When he told you that though he may be fast, he knows how to take things slow." Vicky says with a raised brow.

"He was talking about painting!" I defend. "We were watching Bob Ross in the commons."

"I'll bet you twenty bucks, right now that I can call anyone of the Wards and they'll back me up on this." Vicky says confidently.

"Bet!" I say. "But I don't have twenty bucks."

"Okay, how about this." Vicky says with a mischievous smirk that promises pain. "I win, you have to send Missy a picture of yourself in a swimsuit."

Hell no! I mean, I'm not entirely opposed. But, no!

"If I do that then you have to, to, um, dye your hair black and tell everyone you did it because you were jealous I pull off being blonde better! And that you didn't want anyone comparing you to me." I say.

"Alright." Vicky shrugs easily with enough confidence to make me think twice about this. "We got a deal?"

'Don't fall for her bluff!' I tell myself. 'That's how she'll get you!'

"Deal!" I answer. "No leading questions, and no calling Dean!"

"Deal." Vicky says with a smirk.

.

.

-10 minutes later, Ben's Turner Café, Boardwalk-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"And here is your passion fruit lemonade." The waitress says as she sets the tray down.

"Thank you kindly." Vergil says with a smile as he accepts it.

"What does passion fruit even taste like?" I ask as I sip my own lemonade.

"Ah, it's kinda hard to explain." He says honestly. "Kinda, sweet but not? Like, think kiwi but add some sour to it."

I try to imagine what he's describing. But yeah, nothing's popping up. I just, I think sour and I get lemon, and I think sweet and I get, lemonade.

Probably because I'm drinking lemonade.

"I don't get it." I say after I finish my sip.

"You'll just hafta try it yourself." He says with a shake of his head before I feel my phone buzz in my pocket.

"Hang on." I say as I pull my phone out.

Huh, Vicky sent me a picture.

Clicking on the tab. I wait for the image to load annnnnn-

I drop my drink as I stare at Kitsu in a frilly pink two piece. Giving a small grin and a wink at the camera as she's stuck in an over the shoulder pose. Her fluffy tail just covering her butt. But her sides and legs are in full view. Showing off her creamy perfect skin.

"Vista!"

"Ha what!?" I shout in surprise as I nearly throw my phone out, but manage to catch it and slam it face down on the table.

"You good?" Vergil asks, his brow raised in concern.

"Um, yeah." I say with a curt nod as I feel my face burn.

And my phone buzzes again.

Tentatively picking it up. I stare at the girl of my dreams in that same frilly skirted two piece. Now facing the camera with her arms out as though she's reaching for a hug.

"You sure you good?" Vergil asks dubiously.

"Um, yeah, yeah I'm good." I say as I save the pictures she sent to my phone.

And another picture is sent.

I nearly drop my phone in shock at the third, as she sends me a picture of her laying down on her stomach, head in her hands as she kicks her feet up behind her.

And her face is pale white with a rainbow afro and a red clown nose as she looks to the camera with her tongue out.

I can't even stop myself from drawing a scene as I laugh my butt off!

.

.

-Dallon's New House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"And they're sent!" Vicky stifles a laugh as I let the illusions fade.

"Oh my god!" I squeal as I cover my face with my hands. "I can't believe I just did that!"

"I know!" Vicky says with a laugh. "I thought you'd try and weasel your way out or something."

I mean, it's not like I was actually posing with my skin showing. It was all illusions. Even if it's based on me.

I'm just concerned about what Missy'll say.

"What's she saying!?" I ask impatiently as I hop on the bed and look over Vicky's shoulder.

Nothing.

"Um, left on read." Vicky says.

That, huh. Is this what disappointment feels like? I don't like it.

"Oh." Is all I say as I stare at the phone screen.

"Hey!" Vicky says sympathetically. "Look at it this way, she might just be on patrol or something."

'That's true!' I think hopefully.

.

.

-Pelham's house, Monday, Aug 30th, 9:55am-

.

.

Erik "Shielder" Pelham POV

.

Looking back and forth between the screen of the video I'm reacting to and my chat. I see something being repeated.

"Kitsu's debut is soon?" I say. "Yeah, it's actually supposed to be any minute now."

The chat once again goes off. And I have to piece together from bits and pieces of what I can see.

"Isn't Kitsu my cousin?" I say before looking up in thought. "Yeah I mean, kinda. She's, not adopted or anything. But she's like my aunt and uncle's foster kid. Looks a helluva lot like my sister and other cousin though. Minus the tail, ears and eyes of course." I add before watching the chat explode.

"Woah woah! Chill guys I can't read at super speed." I say as I pause the chat and sum up what they're talking about. "Yeah, Kitsu's a case fifty three. Think of a girl, and throw fox ears, tail and eyes on her. And you got Kitsu."

Rather lucky by Case Fifty Three standards. Though I'm not opening that can of worms on stream. Lord knows someone will clip it out of context.

"No, not like that you perves." I roll my eyes at some of the comments. "She's thirteen."

I quickly message my mods as I see some people, persist in their, yeah I'm not describing this. Just gonna kick'em.

"Actually, we can tune in to her stream now." I say as I do so, watching the 2D chibi of Kitsu hugging a big clock that's ticking. The caption. "We'll Start At Fox Time!" Below.

Dumb but, image is important.

The stream starts and I immediately notice an issue.

"That idiot." I sigh.

.

.

-Dallon's New House, Monday, Aug 30th, 10am-

.

.

My room is, pretty bare still. But I got a desk and chair at least! And I finally figured out OBS.

…

That's a lie. Erik did it for me.

'Focus!' I tell myself.

For now, I have a midnight grotto themed blanket hanging behind me. And my door locked.

Mom and Dad know not to Interrupt me for the next hour. And they have access to the streaming website so they, Mom, know I'm not hiding anything from them.

I had all my socials announce my debut time, and now we roll!

"Okay, time to do this." I say as I log in.

"Okay um, how do I." I mutter as I see the chat, but the screen showing what they see is fuzzy. "Okay, chat's working. Why am I not, what's wrong with my visual?"

My phone goes off next to me. Wade managed to send me a new one. Almost exactly like the old one, just a bit heavier so a trash compactor can't destroy this one.

Picking up my phone, I see it's Erik.

"Hello?" I ask.

"Look up." He says.

I do so.

"At your webcam doofus!" Erik chuckles.

"Okay?" I say. "What am I looking at?"

"You see that little plastic tag at the top?" He asks.

"Yeah?"

"That's the glass protector. For when it's in the box. Take it off." He says.

I do so, and my reflector screen comes back on in perfect view.

"Oh!" I say as I feel dumb.

"You're still live by the way." He says. "I'm watching your stream on mine."

"Wait really?" I ask as I go to my keyboard and log over to Erik's, Shielder Blue's stream, and screen share so that our streams are doing that double mirror effect. "Hi Erik!"

I wave, and watch the wave of my wave.

"Helluva way to introduce yourself." He says with a flat stare as I hear his voice echo through the phone and screen.

.

.

"Okay!" I say as I restart as I raise my arms up, in my hero outfit for my debut. "Hi! I'm Kitsu! How many of there are you fools?"

50,493 watching

"Fifty thousand!" I say excitedly, before calming down. "Is that a lot?"

The chat just keeps going off with a whole spectrum of answers.

"Yes, no, maybe, depends?" I sum up the chat. "Well what's the point of asking you guys if you're not going to be helpful."

I need to talk about myself.

"Alright! So, um, I'm a girl." I say with a smile. "My age? Old enough to steal your girl, my height? Shorter than you think. My weight, perfectly below average shame on you for asking."

55,789 watching

"My likes are anything cute, so naturally I like myself." I say as I illusion a halo of sparkling light around my face as I smile. "I enjoy messing with people, making new and exciting plants, running, jumping, video games, singing and being perfect. So, expect that on stream."

64,389 watching

"Making new plants?" I read off the chat. "I'm a cape. New Wave represent! Hoo!" I throw my hands up and do a hoot. "Case Fitty Tree to be exact! All natural baby!"

Ironic, considering Case fifty three's aren't natural in the slightest. But they don't know that.

"Okay! More about me, gosh this is weird!" I shout. "Um, I uh, ooh! I rank top ten in the strongest parahumans! Just below Alexandria!"

Gotta be careful there. Nobody's said anything about her death. So until I hear it from someone else. I'll just pretend to think she's alive.

"Personally? I could take her." I say smugly. "I mean, you don't see her soloing Behemoth."

83,600 watching

Ooh! Two zeroes in a row.

Then I see a few things in the chat catching my eye.

"Didn't I get arrested for grand theft auto?" I read. "Um, no. You have to be caught to be arrested. Duh."

112,530 watching

This is going good!

.

.

-20 minutes later-

.

.

"My favorite color?" I see someone ask. "Cerulean. It's a shade of blue. I like it, especially when it's glittery and shiny! Blue is pretty."

This is fun so far.

198,544 watching

"Favorite animal?" I say with a raised brow before gesturing to myself, kicking back and standing up to point at my features. "Uh, isn't it obvious? It's a turtle, duh."

I sit back down and roll forward. Coming back to the computer as I see the chat go this way and that.

"What's not to like about turtles?" I ask. "They got claws, a shell, a beak, scaly skin, can breathe out of their butts. Honestly sounds like a mythical creature. Though you can make anything sound like a mythical creature if you embellish enough."

I see the chat start going off. Throwing out suggestions left and right. Daring me to try with this animal and that.

"A dog?" I give a small laugh. "Okay!"

I stand up and move aside before making an illusionary German Shepherd. And talking in an Australian accent.

"Behold! This beast is known for its fearsome intelligence! Smart enough to understand the spoken word, packs of them roaming the wilds are known to be capable of taking any hunter down. They can run faster than five men, and the strongest of their kind can bite through bone." I say dramatically. "Crazy thing is, in ancient times, these beasts were even more fearsome. Large enough to ride and more ferocious than any could hope to tame! But fear not, for all you need to do, is trick it into eating chocolate, and they'll die." I say before cutting off the illusion and hopping back in the chair and rolling over. "But yeah, and that was actually a difficult one. Just think of all the wilder animals out there."

I then notice a few people calling out my background. Calling it a cheap green screen in some cases.

"Why does my background look like that?" I ask, and get back up. Moving to the blanket and holding it up from the bottom, then wrapping myself in it. "Because it's a cheap blanket!"

I then head back to the computer, again, and sit back down.

"Why have a blanket when I have such high tech special effects?" I read before laughing.

"Chat, I am the special effects!" I laugh before using my illusions to cover up the blanket with a more vibrant and realistic version of the midnight grotto its depicting. "Illusions are my main thing pal. Friendo, buddy boy blinsky. Special effects wish they had me. The blanket is because my room is unfinished."

This goes on for a bit longer, just me talking and rambling as I engage with the viewers.

220,734 watching

"My favorite food? Pizza." I answer. "I love pizza. Stuffed garlic crust and mushrooms. Ugh! Never enough pizza. If pizza were outlawed, I'd probably kill a few heads of state. Don't quote me on that."

It's the internet of 2010. I can say that. Hell, I can probably get away with a few slurs if I wanted.

"Though I've been getting into sushi lately. Especially the dessert rolls, you know what I mean?" I say as I keep an eye on chat. "What do you mean it's not real sushi? So what?"

.

.

-20 minutes later-

.

.

"And I like rpg games mostly. Like Diablo three and Skyrim. Witcher three is a good game." I say idly as I swivel in place on my chair.

The chat lights up as I say that. And I, realize my oopsies.

"Wait, have they not been announced yet?" I stop and ask before going to my computer.

380,921 watching

Typing the magic words in as I share my screen. Skyrim, gets me a few pages on elder scrolls lore. And Diablo three was announced two years ago, but isn't out yet. And Witcher two isn't even out yet.

"Oh, um, spoilers everyone!" I say as I look to the camera. "Witcher two is going to be a decent game, and Witcher three is going to be an amazing game. Skyrim is going to be the fifth Elder Scrolls game and it is going to be awesome. Also going to be the only real entry to the franchise for a while. And Diablo three is just a good game all around."

381,002 watching

"Yeah, that's the sucky part about being a precog who revolves around memory." I say as I stop screen sharing. "Remembering the future is always weird to try and explain."

Looking to the clock. I see it's eleven. And nearly time for my debut to end.

"Well, that about wraps this up!" I say as I scoot forward. "Hopefully next time I can give you guys an actual stream. Like, playing a game or just chatting or something. But, as it stands I don't even have my set up done. Bye!"

I end the stream and log out. Rolling back in my chair as I stand up and stretch. Turning around and pulling the blanket down as I head to my bed and face plant.

Sitting at a desk is tiring! Especially when you have to keep yourself engaged the whole time!

"Kitsu!" I hear Mom call. "Time for lunch!"

Food!

So far, life is looking good! I just have to get around getting ahold of Fletchette and find a way for [Conduit] to scan her shard without alerting the network or killing her. Then do the same for Doormaker. And after that, golden boy should be easy! Other than that. I just have to figure out how to keep the network from going rogue and making titans.

As fun as killing titans sounds.

.

.

-Dallon's New House, Wednesday, Sep 1st, 10am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

The door bell rings, taking me away from my show.

"I'll get it!" I shout as I run to the door and open it, revealing my girlfriend in her Vista uniform. Now complete with added leather padding on her thighs and calves, as well as her shoulders. And the dress has been done away with in favor of a jacket. Making it look a bit more in tune for the coming winter season, also, her visor is now a helmet.

"Missy!" I call out, throwing my arms up.

Her smile fades into a frown as she crosses her arms and taps her foot.

"What?" I ask, my arms still in the air.

"Ehem." She says, and gestures to her outfit.

"Oh right!" I say as I close the door, wait a second, and open it again. "Vista!" I say, throwing my arms up.

"Better, I suppose." She chuckles, her frown turning to a small smile as she opens her arms for a hug.

Going in for it, I remark how much more padded this outfit is. Not letting me snuggle into her as much! I hate it!

"So is this outfit a permanent thing or?" I say cheekily as she scoffs.

"It is part of the new line of East coast Ward attire." I hear from above.

'No.' I think with a growing sense of absolute dread at the familiar voice.

"Oh!" Missy says as she detaches from me and turns around. "I'm sorry Ma'am! I got distracted!"

Coming down in her black suit behind Missy. Black billowing cape. Black, shiny helmet. And a red box carried under her arm.

"It's alright Vista." She says as she touches down. "We're all young at some point. Kitsu, it is good to see you in person. I come on behalf of the PRT to deliver a housewarming gift."

"Kitsu, don't just leave the door open!" Mom says as she comes up behind me. "Oh! Alexandria, what are you doing here?"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus, don't read to avoid spoilers

.

.

Cauldron space

.

.

Rebecca "Alexandria" Costa-Brown POV

.

"She's dead." I say as I open my eyes, my connection to the double being severed. "Kitsu."

"Damn." David curses as he paces back and forth at the table. "She really is willing to just, kill without second thought?"

"It would appear so." The Number Man says. "It was a thirty five point seven percent chance, but it seems that was enough."

"Is the asset recoverable?" David asks as he looks to me.

"No." I say as I stand up out of the chair. "Not even a cell is left. Asset three five two is gone through the use of an all or nothing power that causes rapid molecular destabilization."

A shame too. A perfect body double capable of linking minds and replicating the powers of the linked individual with 80% potency? A shame we had to lose it.

"Any evidence?" Contessa asks.

"There's a security camera at the airport, near the alley." I inform them. "She said it was being routed, if we can uncover the footage, we might have something. We'll also need to secure that footage before making any moves."

I just hope this gamble was worth it.

"Did she reveal anything useful?" David asks.

'Also, Eidolon's agent is the one activating the Endbringers sooo, big dumb on you!'

"There was one thing." I say. "But it'll need further investigating."

I'm sorry David. But if she's right, then, well.

Everything, for the greater good.

.

.

A/N

I enjoy plot twists and misdirection.

Also, the fact that so many people were upset at Kitsu for killing "Alexandria" and not for Alexandria being killed. Is actually a compliment to me. It shows that I wrote Kitsu to be consistent and flesh out enough that her doing what she did, wasn't questioned.

Outside of the ONE person who pointed out how suspicious it was that Alexandria in her Chief Director guise was walking around with a security detail.

She was baiting someone to try something and gather information.

.

Please be nice and constructive with your comments FFN users.

.

.

Gimme all da comments!

.

Find me in newb's-grotto at the discord!

.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, macdjord, Finsdale and 153 others
Newb to the game
Sep 11, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 72 Not Dead New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Sep 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#618
A/N: Not dead

Alt Title: 3

.

.

Dalan777: depends on what she does with that knowledge.

YeTianshi: This isn't Cauldron pushing her. It's Alexandria.

Brunoid: Not just yet.

A Dancing Leaf: I shall not stop writing! I was just warning the idiots.

Kitsu is pissed. But she's also had time to calm down from her last attempt. And yes, Kitsu is spiteful enough to flip the board, just not in her own home.

Yet.

Kaykaykaykayan: This isn't Cauldron. It's Alexandria going off script because Contessa is useless against Kitsu.

Ben Turner1: The reference is the location Missy and Vergil are at. It's called Ben' Turner Café.

cassnova5424: Holy crap! You didn't forget to write a review!

Teasing aside, I've made it very clear that I love tasteful misdirection.

Grimnosh: Just like the Kitsu being related plot twist. I make sure to sprinkle my acts in ahead of time.

Gogmazios: That she did, too bad she can't do it often!

Nuclear cat: You and several others as well. Don't worry, Alexandria will die. And Kitsu will kill her.

The die has been cast.

GideonBlackthorn: Kitsu, guilty conscience? Ha! Kitsu is a sociopath. Genuinely. Sure she plays nice with friends and family, but she doesn't really care too much about how others feel about her.

RadChaos897: I'm surprised, at how surprised people are.

I intend to return this story to its roots. 60% fluff, 20% plot and action, 20% whatever the hell I feel like.

I've already talked a decent bit about the story in the previous review responses. Soooo, sorry?

Other than that, Kitsu is a living foxgirl. She could've gotten a steady stream of people by just existing on a camera.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Dallon's New House, Wednesday, Sep 1st, 10:20am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

'How, the hell is she here!?' I think to myself as I stare at the dead woman currently chatting with my mother in the living room. Handing her a red box as a housewarming gift.

"The PRT has our appreciation." Mom tells the woman curtly. Very clearly suspicious of the fact that one of the Triumvirate is here to wish us well on the PRT's behalf. "Though I fail to see why they'd see fit to send one of their best to extend their considerations."

At least someone sees the writing on the walls! As opposed to Missy, who is standing at attention and just, in awe with her superior here.

'If only you knew what she's done.' I think to myself. 'Then you'd probably ask me to kill her.'

Probably not. But, I've no doubt she wouldn't stop me so long as I wasn't cruel about it.

"Actually, they were originally going to send Vista and Miss Militia to extend our best wishes." Alexandria says, her tone and inflection, different enough from her civilian identity. "But, I was nearby and wished to satisfy a personal curiosity of mine."

'She's honestly rather cute when she's being serious.' I think to myself as I start conjuring up ways to mess with Missy. 'No! Bad Kitsu! Stay focused! Dead woman not dead in your living room who has a super illuminati just- oh.'

It just clicked in my head that she has body doubles. Of course she has body doubles. Why the heck wouldn't she have body doubles? She probably has oodles of body doubles!

Oodles!

"And what might that be?" Mom asks.

Alexandria then turns to me. And takes a few steps before crouching down to one knee. Meeting me at eye level.

"I actually wanted to talk to you." She says with a smile.

"A talk where her guardians are present, right?" Mom stresses as she walks around and crosses her arms.

"It's nothing malicious or anything of the such." Alexandria placates, looking to Mom, before looking back to me. "I just, wanted to see if you'd be capable of fixing my eye."

She then takes her left gauntlet off, and exposes her tanned hand. Offering it out to me so that I can use my biokinesis.

'Okay, what's the play here?' I think to myself as I enhance my perception to try and think my way out of this. 'What could she possibly want with me? Okay, there's a load of things she could want with me. Question is which one. Why the hand? Why expose herself to my biokinesis? What do I do!?'

I hate needing to be smart and reactive! I put people on the defensive! Not the other way around!

"Why me?" I ask, feigning calmness as I tilt my head curiously. "Wouldn't PanPan be better? She is a better biokinetic than me."

"Panacea has her limitations." Alexandria says with a soft shake of her head. "Most notably is the inability to manipulate the brain. Of which the eye is attached to. It's a limitation that you notably don't have."

As good an excuse as any. But excuse for what?

"Okay. But I want something in return." I say as I cross my arms.

"Kitsu!" Missy hisses off to the side.

"I'm willing to pay you if you can accomplish this." She says.

"You could have contacted me over this matter." Mom interjects. "I fail to see why you would do all this, just to acquire Kitsu's service."

"I did." Alexandria says. "I sent a letter in the mail. But you never got back to me. But, to the matter of payment."

"Um, Alexandria, ma'am." Missy says as she steps over and grabs my shoulders. "Just, a moment please."

Missy then wraps her arms around my waist and picks me up. Causing me to freeze in place as she trudges over with a bit of effort. Carrying me to the dining room and just around the corner out of sight before setting me down by the wall.

"What are you doing!?" Missy hisses in a whisper. "That's my boss in there."

"Um, no. Miss Militia and Piggot are your bosses. She's the head of the protectorate. Not the PRT." I say confidently.

"Kitsu, do you know the difference between Protectorate and PRT?" Missy asks, still whispering for some reason.

"Um, one's federal and the other's local?" I try.

And cue the face palm. Or, as close to one as she can get by rubbing her hands under her visor.

'Ooh, I did a dumb didn't I?' I think to myself.

"Kitsu." Missy groans into her hands. "The PRT, is the Parahuman Response Team. They are the system in place to respond to parahuman threats. Okay?"

"Okay?" I nod.

"The protectorate is a part of the PRT. Specifically the cape managed areas." Missy continues to explain. "I'm a cape, Alexandria is one of the heads of the Protectorate. Alexandria, is, my boss."

Oh.

"Oh, um." I start to feel awkward over my dumb, before remembering Alexandria is in my house! "Still, you never do something for free." I say as I cross my arms.

"You do things for free all the time." Missy argues.

"Yeah, for you and people I like." I stress as I try and come up with a reason for not liking Alexandria.

'Oh yeah!' I think to myself. 'Behemoth. She kinda forced me into that. That should be good enough in case anyone asks.'

"Kitsu just, please don't embarrass me?" Missy asks desperately. "I shouldn't even have to ask that."

"I didn't intend to." I defend, before getting a mischievous idea. "Though, now that you say something."

"No." Missy says as she grabs my shoulders roughly and stares me down. "Kitsu, you will not embarrass me in front of my boss, and you will be polite. Got it?"

'Holy crap she's hot when she takes charge!' I think to myself.

"Yes ma'am!" I agree.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

First face to face we've had in how long? And Kitsu is trying to extort my boss! Well, not really. But this is humiliating and makes me look bad!

"Got it?" I ask seriously, shaking her shoulders a bit as I hold her against the wall.

Not, that I think I'm actually doing anything to her. She's indestructible and stronger than Vicky. I'm just trying to get across the point that I'm serious here.

"Yes ma'am." She says with a smile, meaning she's not being serious.

"Kitsu, I mean it." I say more seriously, hoping she gets the point.

"I understand." She says with a blush and, glancing down to her sides, I see her tail is wagging against the wall.

'Does, does she like this?' I think with, confusion? Excitement? Anxiety?

"I don't think you do." I say, putting a bit of a growl into my voice to test something. "What, are you not going to do?"

"E-embarrass you." She stutters with a shy smile and a growing blush.

I, don't even know what to think. I'm, is this okay? Is she okay? Why does that make me feel bad? And, weirdly good at the same time?

'Is there a class for relationships?' I think hopelessly. 'Because I could really use one.'

Deciding to, not deal with this for now. I let go of her shoulders.

"Okay, let's go." I say as I step back.

"Okay." She says meekly as she takes the lead.

'This girl is going to kill me.' I think tiredly as we walk through the main foyer to the living room where Mrs. Dallon and Alexandria are talking.

"Okay!" Kitsu says getting everyone's attention. "I'll do it on one condition!"

"Perfect." Alexandria says, turning to face the girl. "I hope you'll understand that I'll negotiate if it's something, unreasonable."

Kitsu just shrugs before pointing at her.

"I want your hat." She says, causing us to freeze as we contemplate what she said.

'Whhhhyyyyy!?' I mentally whine. 'Why do I find you adorable?'

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"You mean, my helmet?" Alexandria asks.

Hey! I'm being reasonable here. No money, no absurd favors. And, I can say I took Alexandria's helmet!

And hopefully get the hardware to Wade. See if he can't get anything out of it.

"Your hat." I nod.

"You understand I can't give you that, correct?" She asks as she crosses her arms. "It has classified software and hardware installed that is not permissible for the public."

I tried.

"Just the hat." I say as I open my palm and make the gimme motion.

"Kitsu!" Missy hisses again.

"What?" I ask as I look to her in confusion. "She has spares! And it's not like I'm asking for the secret tech inside it. I just want the hat."

I haven't gotten distracted. Far from it. I'm doing all this, because it's what I'd do if I knew nothing.

Basically, I'm acting like nothing is wrong. So that I don't give Alexandria anymore ammo than she might already have. No ground given.

"Can I give it to you later?" She asks. "After I have it disassembled for any classified technology."

Hopefully she misses something. But, I don't think she will.

"So long as I get your hat." I nod.

"Deal." She says as she kneels and holds her hand out.

Touching it, I look in. And, I see it.

She's not the same woman I killed. And the smile she gives, shows she knows what I'm seeing. She knows I can see her genome, and that I know I'm recognizing her as someone other than the woman I killed.

That being said, her body is even more resistant. Like, I can't even move anything. Her body is in near perfect homeostasis. I couldn't really change anything if I wanted to.

Well, I could. But it'd take a lot of energy. And in case you haven't noticed. I like keeping my cards close to my chest.

And this, is a powerful one to hold onto.

"Dangit!" I stomp my foot as I let go of her hand, keeping up my façade. "Well, I got good news and bad. Good news is, you're just as impervious as ever. Bad news, I don't get a new hat."

Missy groans at my extraness in the background.

"That's, unfortunate." Alexandria sighs as she stands back up and slips her gauntlet back on.

It's now that I notice that she left a paper in my hand. One that, I have no clue how she managed to put there without me noticing it before now.

'A note?' I think as I illusion myself, over myself, to stash the note in my pocket without anyone noticing.

"If that's all." Mom says, her patience being expended by Alexandria's presence. "The PRT has my gratitude for their well wishes. And I assure you, we intend to keep working with you as we move forward."

"Of course." Alexandria says as she gestures to the red box. "Are you, not going to open it?"

Mom glares at the woman, clearly suspicious of the cape. Before glancing to me, and going to the coffee table and opening the box.

"This was actually picked out by the Chief Director." Alexandria says as Mom pulls out the wall clock. One of those fancy ones that has a button that makes it play music as it breaks apart and does a dance before collapsing back to a normal clock.

It's traditional Japanese themed. With images of yokai all over it. A kitsune being the centerpiece as the clock opens up.

.

.

-Central District, on top of a sky scraper, 11pm-

.

.

"I can hear you." I call out as I drop my invisibility and turn around to face the cape.

"Impressive." Alexandria says as she floats a few feet away. "So, I take it you're willing to be reasonable now?"

'I was willing to be reasonable before.' I think bitterly.

[False]

'Ooh!' I remark internally. 'Haven't heard from you in a while. How've ya been?'

[Iteration: Well enough]

'That's good.' I think back as I return my focus to the task in front of me.

"I'm willing to hear you out so long as you don't try my patience." I correct her as I cross my arms. "Which means if I say we're done, we're done."

Her stance shows that she doesn't appreciate my answer. Immediately going on guard as she speaks to me.

"I'd be careful, you don't think I don't have insurance?" She says as she crosses her arms as well. "I did last time."

"Last time you intentionally baited me, trying to call my bluff." I try to sus out. "Now you know I'm being serious."

"We have video footage of-"

"Doesn't matter." I cut her off before illusioning myself to look and sound like her. "I have illusions. I can make my own video footage. Release whatever you think will hurt me, and I'll release a flood of counters. Throwing doubt on everything that gets leaked." I say before I dispel the illusions. "Release a video of me killing someone when there's no physical evidence? I'll release a video of you in your civilian identity going R. Kelly on a dog. Or punching a baby. Depends on my mood."

That seems to trip her up a bit. As she pauses to think of something.

She gave me a whole day to prepare for this. That may seem like a short amount of time to go against someone with perfect memory, inexhaustible resources, and the best cold reading ever in a game of words and politics. But, she gave someone who can enhance how fast they think, time to plan.

"Do, do you not care?" She asks in a more, genuine tone.

"Depends on what we're talking about." I answer honestly. "If you think you can intimidate or blackmail me, think again. Then think a third time because I know you're thinking of a way to make the blackmail work."

Alexandria is silent for a moment longer. Unmoving as she thinks of what to do or say next. Before eventually shaking her head.

"Fine, I just have a few questions." She says. "First, the Endbringers. You said that Eidolon's agent was the one activating them. Explain."

I am, so tempted to get her to beg. But, at this point I just want her gone. And playing along, seems to be the best option.

For now.

"David, yes I know his name moving on, the Agent you gave him? It's the administrating core of the dead entity." I say, watching her freeze as she holds her breath. "Yeah, each piece of the extradimensional woman has a purpose. That particular piece of the entity, was responsible for allocating other agents and for controlling the independent variables."

I watch as she stoically contemplates everything I just said. Not, really. The helmet and stock still image she's projecting is making it impossible to read her.

"Independent variables?" She asks in a soft, almost fearful voice.

"The Endbringers." I say simply. "They're meant to shake things up. Break the mold and keep things from getting stale. And they're now attached to David's subconscious. Working on his subconscious desires and needs."

"That's absurd." Alexandria accuses. "I've known him for decades and he'd never want anything like the Endbringers."

"Oh really?" I challenge, raising my eyebrows and leaning to one side. "Willing to put your life on that claim? Because I can satisfy that bet."

She's here off script. She's rogue as far as Cauldron is concerned in this. How else could she be asking me about this, without Eidolon knowing?

Unless all of Cauldron is going behind his back, like they are with Legend. Which is very possible.

I will say, her silence in response to my challenge is rather telling.

"What, could possibly cause Eidolon to be unconsciously activating the Endbringers?" Alexandria asks plainly, likely hoping to see if I'm being genuine, or pulling stuff out of my fluffy tail.

"The need to be the best." I answer. "Look at every instance of Endbringer attacks, and you'll start to see the pattern. Rising stars."

"What?" Alexandria asks, sounding numb.

"Every time there's a rising star, the next Alexandria, or, the new Hero, or someone to rival Eidolon. An Endbringer shows up not too long after. Eidolon, needs to feel important, and needed. While also feeling as though he's earning it." I explain. "Don't believe me? Oh well, now leave. I'm tired and it's past my bedtime."

I turn around and prepare to jump, intent on getting home and getting some sleep before tomorrow.

"Wait!" Alexandria shouts, flying around to post up in front of me. "How do you even know this?"

This will take a bit of acting on my part to really sell. Because she remembers personal ticks. And I don't have a good enough memory to recall if I've directly lied in her presence before.

"Ever wonder how I know anything? How I know your identity, and your weakness? What type of precog am I?" I start to lead her on.

It takes her a moment. But she finally speaks up.

"Precognitive memory." She says finally. "It's speculated that you receive memories of alternate versions of yourself at random. Allowing you too predict the future with a certain degree of accuracy."

"Close enough." I shrug.

"What do you mean clos-"

"Shut up." I tell her.

"Excuse me?" She says in a low tone.

"I said, shut, up." I say as I launch forward and grab the edge of her helm's visor and pull us down before activating my immovable state. Locking us in place and keeping her from taking off. And she tries.

"Again, you have no power here." I say as I turn my eyes red and glowing. "The only reason you live, is because you had a double last time, so you might be one as well. And I'd hate to be wrong twice."

I've also calmed down a bit since then. I had a very stressful day and Alexandria Fake was pushing my buttons.

"Now, we're done here. Got it?" I say. "Because if not, we're taking another trip to the bay."

"Very well." She says stoically. "I'll leave you and your family be. But I still have questions I'd like answered in the future."

"Too bad." I say and pat the side of her helm before letting go. "Now go already. I've got an eight o'clock stream and I need my sleep."

I then leave without another word. Turning invisible as I drop down on an invisible saucer and fly off back home.

.

.

Rebecca "Alexandria" Costa-Brown POV

.

'That was, certainly illuminating.' I think to myself as I adjust my helm.

It really is me this time. No brainwashed case fifty three or doppleganger. I needed it to be me. To confirm whether or not Kitsu's biokinesis could effect me. And in a situation where she'd be forced to play nice and not try to pull anything or risk losing her family.

Her, unusual demand actually confirmed her inability to effect me. There's no doubt in mind that she'd jump at the opportunity to hold something petty over me.

That was one goal. The other was this talk. And it was admittedly even more risky. But, I needed to do it in person. There could be no room for error in confirming Dav- Eidolon's connection.

I know David's deep seeded issues with self esteem and self worth. Issues that have only redoubled as he gets older, and older.

Issues that started, around the same time Behemoth first showed up.

I can't do anything yet though. I need to confirm this first. David, is one of my only friends.

I, know what might need to be done. But, I need to be absolutely certain it is what needs to be done.

"Door me, Las Angeles." I say and fly through the portal, back to my city.

It also makes me think. She used rather, specific terminology. Administrator, Independent Variables. And the way she said Agent, it's like she was mocking the term.

Could it be possible, that she has the entity's memories? Could that explain how she knows of the Endbringer's and their weaknesses, yet isn't willing to fight them?

Is she, if what she said is true. David's Agent is the administrator. Then, is she the memory unit?

.

.

-Dallon's New House, Thursday, Sep 2nd, 8am-

.

.

"Showtime people!" I shout as I turn on the screen.

That's my tag line. I don't know why, it just came to me. And Eric told me one of the keys to being successful is being recognizable. You want to be able to play a single clip, and people just know it's you.

It's dumb, but that's what I'm going for. Lovably stupid.

120,392 watching

Also, turns out my debut was a massive success. Mostly because, in Eric's own words.

I'm a living fox girl. I could've just stared at the screen the whole time and got thousands to tune in.

"Okay, as you can see, still got the blanket." I say as I turn around and gesture to the thing I'm using as a background. "Insurance is being slow so, the place is pretty bare boned."

I turn back and watch the chat go off.

"Why?" I ask aloud, for those who are just listening in or just not following the chat. "Well, it's this fun little thing called paperwork that- oh, what happened? My last house burned down. Yeah, we got att-"

I pause as my phone starts going off on my desk. I have it set so that only a handful of people can call me during streams.

"Hang on." I say as I pick up the phone and see that Mom is calling me. "Mom? What's up? I'm in the middle of stream."

"I know, stop talking about the house burning down." She says.

"Why?" I ask.

"Because the insurance is still going through and anything you say can be used against us in any claims." She explains in that, you should know this, voice mom's have when their kids are being dumb.

"Oh." I respond simply. "Sorry."

"Just don't talk about anything that involves me doing paperwork." Mom says. "That should be a good rule of thumb."

That, sounds about right. She is the lawyer.

"Okay, I gotta go back to my stream. I love you, I'll try not to get into too much trouble." I say quickly.

"I doubt that. See you at lunch." She says and hangs up.

"Well folks." I say as I swivel back to face the screen. "The Momma Fox just called and put the ban hammer on talking about anything to do with paperwork! So, no homework!" I throw my arms up and illusion confetti all around.

154,730 watching

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

'And that was, the third.' I think as I sort through the papers the insurance sent as I keep Kitsu's stream open on my laptop next to me.

She insists that this'll be profitable. And pointed towards Eric as an example of it. I'm not sure how. But she gets money by allowing advertisements to play on her stream. After she gets popular.

According to Sarah, Eric pulls in about six to eight hundred a month on advertisement for his streams. And a little bit more from Youtube for ads.

"Oh! Oh he looks cute. Better than the last guy." Kitsu smirks as she starts playing a game called Assassin's Creed 2. "Oh I love that accent." She says as she sets the controller down and puts her head in hands as she stares at the screen.

Not liking the sound of that title. I switch over to another window and look it up.

Doing a quick read through. I realize it's not what I was thinking. I thought it was some sort of assassination simulator. But from what I'm reading, it's mostly a historic fantasy game.

"Hey! Don't break his nose!" Kitsu whines as the cutscene plays. "He was so cute! Now he's ruined! You ruined him, you broke his face, his career, his love life, and his sense of self worth." She pauses as she sighs dramatically before gesturing back to the game. "You basically turned him into a retail worker!"

Rolling my eyes, I turn back to the papers as I figure out where the dated forms are.

.

.

-Fortress Constructions Base, Friday, Sep 3rd, 11am-

.

.

Thomas "Coil" Calvert POV

.

This is it. I'm on my last legs.

My back up resources are at their limits, exasperated by the damned savage in the basement. Thomas Calvert is assumed dead, and his wife is now the sole owner of his assets.

Of which she's squandering! I still have my information network mostly in tact. And I've found out she's been liquidating everything.

Completely against the instructions I have set for her in case I ever died! Or, faked my death.

'This is what you get for marrying a failed actor who dropped out of middle school to pursue her sure fire career.' I think bitterly to myself.

I never had faith in her intelligence. It's one of the reasons I married her. Maintain a cover, and she tended to play along well enough so long as I fed her shopping addiction.

Most of what she bought I just had sold back or returned. She was too dumb to really notice. But still, for as idiotic as she is.

"Even a fucking dog knows how to obey instructions." I growl as I rest my head in my hands.

Her good looks were not worth this current headache.

One week. I have, one week of supplies left. Most of my men have left already, sensing the drought that is their money well drying up.

"I, have no other options." I think bitterly as I lean back in my seat. "I, I can come back from it. I'm sure, it's, it's just a set back."

Taking a deep breath. I utter the words I've been dreading I may one day need.

"Door me, Cauldron." I say, and watch with resignation as the portal opens, and Alexandria steps through.

"Mr. Calvert." She addresses me. "It seems you've found yourself in dire straights."

I can come back from this. I still have time, I just need to keep trying.

.

.

-25 minutes later,

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Thank you sweetie!" I smile at Missy as I set the potted plants down in my room.

"This feels like an abuse of power." Chris says as he sits on his hover board.

Oh yeah, they're both on patrol with Pinky.

"Tell that to, literally everyone who ever had powers." I say as I set the final potted plant down.

"You know, I'm starting to feel like you're taking advantage of me for my powers." Missy accuses as she crosses her arms.

"What?" I ask, snapping back to her. "Why would you think that?"

Nope! No more problems! No more issues that require me to adult! I'm nipping this in the bud!

"You literally called me just to ask me to do this and save you a trip." She says, and I imagine a glare being leveled at me.

"Well, you could've said no." I defend weakly, before adding. "If, if it's that bad. You could always take advantage of me." I offer shyly as I pivot a foot into the ground.

Yes, I did that intentionally. Mostly to diffuse some of the tension before I can come up with an actual reassurance.

Partly because I like making her blush.

"Pffft!" Pinky spits out her drink, not on Chris or anything. As funny as that would've been.

"Kitsu, that's not." Missy stutters before taking a breath. "That's not the point."

"I just don't see the issue." I protest before grinning mischievously. "It's not like I only call you for this. Or did you forget the selfies I sent you?"

"Wait, what kind of selfies?" Chris asks suddenly, earning a slap on the shoulder from Pinky. "What?"

"That's, not, Kitsu you just." Missy starts stammering as I see her face turn beat red. "Okay you've proven your point!"

I smile victoriously at her. Humming a small tune in victory before noticing that, my bedroom is currently on the boardwalk.

Like, it just hit me how surreal that is.

"What?" Missy asks as she notices me looking from the boardwalk to my bedroom.

"Bedroom." I say as I point to my bedroom, currently attached to the boardwalk using Missy's powers of space tomfoolery. "Boardwalk."

"Okay?" Chris cuts in.

I step into my room through the distorted window, then step back onto the boardwalk. Then, start hopping between the two.

"Bedroom boardwalk bedroom boardwalk bedroom boardwalk." I say as I bounce between the two. "Ooh it tickles!"

It genuinely does. Probably because I'm technically swapping between two different elevations very rapidly.

"You, you goof." Missy sighs with a small chuckle in her voice.

I'm about to ask her to join in the ticklish violation of Newton's laws. Or, whoever made the laws of spatial physics. When we all freeze at the sound of a large explosion. One that shakes the ground beneath us all.

"What was that!?" Mom asks from downstairs.

"I don't know!" I shout back. "It sounded like a building collapsing!"

"From the second story!?" Mom shouts.

Oooh, right. She doesn't know about this. But I should be fine, she said I could get some plants for my room! Not that I couldn't rape physics with a rubber chicken in the process.

And she's heading up the stairs.

"Kid Win, Vista." I hear Missy and Chris's comms go off. "We're getting numerous reports of a building collapsing seven blocks from City Hall. We need protectorate first response now, and you're the closest and most mobile."

"On it!" Chris says into his comms before hopping up on his board, looking to Vista and nodding in the direction of the sound.

Just in time for Mom to open my door and do a double take as she notices the warped window leading to the boardwalk.

"What the hell?" Mom sighs as she sees us.

"Um, I just want it on record. You never said I couldn't." I say after raising a finger in my defense.

"Can't talk Mrs. Dallon!" Missy says as she picks me up and moves me into my room before undoing the warp. Not before giving me a quick kiss on my forehead though.

Leaving me here, staring out my open window as I see the ocean.

"For the record, no warping the house." Mom says as she closes the door.

"Shouldn't even have to be a rule." I hear her say in the background.

…

'Well that was interesting.' I think to myself as I turn around, leaving my room and heading over to Amy's.

"PanPan!" I shout as I burst into her room, causing her to look up from her phone with wide eyes as she slams it onto her bed. Which she is laying on, under the covers.

"Wanna play with some plants?" I ask, ignoring her blush as I was probably a few minutes from catching her doing something dirty.

.

.

-Meanwhile, Fortress Constructions-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I warp to a nearby rooftop with Pinky in tow as I and Kid Win survey the area. It looks like a building collapsed in the middle of the block. The rubble and debris having caused structural damage to the nearby buildings as well and forcing them to collapse towards the main building. The block being covered in debris and small fires as the dust is starting to settle.

"Vista to console, I'm here at the site as first response." I say into my comms. "It looks like a building collapse, several injured and presumed dead."

"How many dead?" I hear Sophia say.

Why the heck did I have to get her of all people on the line?

"I can't tell." I answer. "Send EMS and evac support. I'm turning on my tracker for precise location."

"Kay." Sophia says before cutting the call.

'God I hate that girl.' I think to myself as I turn to Pinky and Chris.

"Alright, spread out to the nearby buildings and see if you can find anyone who needs help." I tell Chris and Pinky. "Chris use your sonar to find structural instability, Pinky use your acid to try and safely dislodge any civilians trapped in the rubble."

"Right!" Pinky says.

"Who made you leader?" Chris challenges.

'Seriously?' I think to myself as I feel my temper start to flare. 'Now of all times!?'

"No one from my reckon'n." We hear from above as we see the armored flight tinker, Falcon, touch down next to us. "But a plan is a plan little man. Stop question'n when you can be save'n lives. Less you got a better one."

'Finally!' I think to myself as I look to the New Wave Cape. 'Some recognition!'

Why is it that the only other capes who seem to listen are New Wave? And they have Vicky!

"Yes sir!" Chris says as Pinky sits on the back of his board while he takes off.

"Thank you." I say as I turn to the red and silver armored man.

"No problem." He says with a smile. "Sometimes people forget age, don't equal aptitude. Now, what are you doing little lady?"

"I'm going to focus on my power and see if there isn't anyone trapped that Kid Win's sonar system won't pick up through the rubble." I say as I start to do just that.

Meanwhile, sirens can be heard in the background as emergency responders arrive to the scene.

"Sounds good, call on me if you get any that need a medical flight evac." He says as he tosses me a small button and flies off to get an overhead view.

Focusing on the task at hand, I close my eyes as I start pinpointing fields of inaccessible matter. Or, living organic matter in my case.

The whole time I call over comms. Directing the others to locations as more heroes show up to help. Gully, who's helping by excavating the debris. Firebreather, who'd acting as additional muscle and flight. Shielder, who's using his shields to hold up debris as people are evacuated. Mr. Incredible, who's paired with his son FastTrack, getting people out and to the ambulances. Assault, Dauntless and Armsmaster who are coordinating different sections of the process.

About twenty minutes into the evac, and I notice something in my field, just at the edge.

"Armsmaster, quick intel request." I ask over the comms.

"Is it relevant to the current situation?" He asks.

"Possibly, what is the main building that collapsed and how many sublevels did it have?" I ask, before quickly adding. "And do the main sewer lines run under this building?"

It takes a few seconds. But he gives me my answer.

"The main building was Fortress Constructions, it has a single sublevel basement and no, the main sewer lines are not near this block." He says. "What is the relevancy of this question?"

And thus, we have our culprit, or our main victim.

"Because I sense a living person underneath." I relay. "Large, and trapped about five stories below."

.

.

-20 minutes later-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"So, this is your wonder tree?" Amy asks as I manage to, mostly remake it.

"Not really." I say as I stare at the small blue leafed tree growing strawberries and kiwis. "It's supposed to glow and have blue bananas."

"I'm not making the blue bananas." Amy says immediately.

"Well I can't go to Florida for them!" I whine as I turn to her. "Missy is already upset I called her to help me get the plants here, and I can't run to Florida and back that fast without breaking several laws."

"Since when did you care about breaking the law?" Amy side eyes me suspiciously.

"I don't." I cross my arms. "I care about getting caught and grounded."

Amy turns to fully face me. Crossing her arms as well as she looks down and gives her best resting bitch face.

"You have so many issues." She says.

"You really need to stop projecting." I say as I uncross my arms and smile. "It's really bad for your mental health."

She rolls her eyes and places her hand back on the tree, right as my phone goes off.

Checking the caller I.D. I see it's my kissy Missy!

"Missy!" I say excitedly into the phone, and have to hold it back as I hear the sound of gunfire going off in the background.

"Kitsu we need your help!" Missy shouts. "There was someone under the ground, he was big, and angry, and green! Armsmaster tried to talk to him and now he's out cold!"

"On my way." I say as I hang up and turn towards my window.

"Where are you going?" Amy asks.

"Apparently the Hulk is in Brockton Bay and I need to go save my girlfriend." I say as I jump out of the window. "Tell Mom I'll be back for dinner!"

I am so glad I don't have to worry about a secret identity. Makes things so much easier.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

-The Rig-

.

.

Sat in the director's office, the Case 53, Lyra, is being coached on how to handle her debut as Director Piggot watches.

"And if someone bares their teeth like this." Her councilor says, smiling wide for the girl. "What does that mean?"

"They're not about to hit me." Lyra says after a second of thought.

"Good!" The lady nods. Dropping her smile to not agitate the girl further. "And if they look you right in your eyes?"

"They're just looking at me." Lyra says.

"Very good." She affirms. "Now, what do you do if someone approaches you while keeping their eyes locked on you."

"Stay still, and wait to see if they stop or slow down." She says. "If they don't, I can defend myself so long as they stay alive and in one piece."

"I'm not convinced." Piggot says as she turns to the councilor. "All it'll take is one incident and the scandal will not only ruin her, but her chances as well."

The lady turns back to face the director.

"Director Piggot, with all due respect. Unless we begin introducing and acclimating her to society as a whole, she'll remain stunted and possibly regress as a result of the isolation."

Lyra pays attention to what they say, but doesn't quite understand. She gets that her handler is advocating for her to be a Ward and go out to help people. And the Director doesn't want that because she's afraid she'll hurt people.

But that's about it. She doesn't know, and doesn't care for the specifics. She just wants to go back outside to the parks and alleys where she can run and be free. The Rig is nice, much better than any other place she's stayed at in recent memory.

But it's just a large kennel.

"And I still need more to be convinced." Piggot says. "What assurance do I have that she'll behave?"

It's then, that Lyra gets a thought.

What would Kitsu do?

She'd talk her way through it. Make a deal they can't refuse, and get what she wants.

But how would that work here? They see her as a troublesome pup when she's a hound.

"A collar." Lyra offers, stopping the director and councilor's debate.

"What?" Piggot asks.

"Don't trust me, put me on a leash." Lyra says, not fully understanding what she's saying. "You have non-lethal stuff like that, right?"

"You're suggesting, a shock collar?" Piggot asks dubiously.

The idea sends a quick flash of white hot rage through Lyra. The idea of using one on her dogs, but a single thought stops her.

This isn't for her dogs, it's for her, for her dogs. If she can get them to agree, they can go out again. Smell the fresh air, run through larger spaces than a cramped training room.

"Lyra, don't you think that would be, demeaning?" Her councilor asks. "To let them put a collar on you?"

"So?" She asks plainly. "Dogs wear collars all the time."

"You're not a dog though, you're a girl." Her councilor tries to reason with the girl.

"I'm both." Lyra persists. "And I want to go outside, if you need to collar me to let me out, do it."

"You understand you'll be painfully reprimanded for any violations. Correct?" Director Piggot challenges.

"I've been through worse." Lyra counters.

Piggot stares in contemplation. Weighing the pros and cons of allowing such an arrangement. On the one hand, everyone gets what they want. On the other, it'd be a PR nightmare if anyone ever found out they collared a teenage Case 53.

But, Lyra can only remain here for so long. Capes are known to get, mentally unwell when restricted from action. And Lyra having an episode is the last thing anyone wants.

"I suppose you have." Piggot finally says.

.

.

A/N

Again, I find it funny that some people still haven't figured out that Kitsu is a sociopath.

Like, genuinely. She lacks empathy and sympathy for anything she doesn't care for. And doesn't think about long term consequence. She is ruled, 90% by her emotions. And tends to have a general disregard for other people.

.

I opening questions back up!

.

FOR KITSU!

.

FOR NEWB!

.

.

Gimme all da comments! All of them! Om nom nom!

.

Find me in newb's-grotto at the discord!

.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, macdjord and 153 others
Newb to the game
Sep 18, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 73 Bongo I don't wanna leave the jungle New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Sep 25, 2024
Add bookmark
#650
A/N: Bongo I don't wanna leave the jungle

Alt Title: 2

.

.

1k is the QnA at the end.

.

Grimnosh: The retail worker comment was made on the cutscene where Ezio got his nose broken.

And Lyra's collar is made to look like a fashion choice. Like a spiked or studded collar.

Gogmazios: You're welcome!

GideonBlackthorn: Yep, Kitsu may be on the more high functioning end of the spectrum, but she is a sociopath.

Firefly9202002: Characters can be wrong.

RadChaos897: Yeah, a lot of people were questioning Kitsu's inability to hold grudges or any other form of emotion for long periods of time. No matter how intense the emotion is at the start.

I'm stealing that idea.

A Dancing Leaf: You'd be surprised how much people keep mixing fics they're reading. So, yes. Kitsu's had social and emotional issues from the start. But, some people just haven't noticed, because we're seeing 90% of her impulsiveness and actions through her lens. So, we see her as this lovable gremlin.

When in universe. Kitsu is a very controversial and nuanced character. If you were to ask everyone she knows how they feel about her, you won't get a common answer. And yes, Kitsu's been either mirroring people around her, or complimenting them. Mirroring Mark's goofiness, Carol's word play, Wade's calm nature, Vicky's gossipy habits. Complimenting Amy's snark with casual acceptance, Missy's professional and seriousness with childish and silliness.

Cassnova5424: It's not the Hulk.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Fortress Constructions Base, Friday, Sep 3rd, 1:20pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Climbing over the ledge of the apartment building, I spot Missy and Pinky next to each other, crouched below the ledge and peeking over.

Pulling out my phone, I snap a picture of their butts. Put it away, and act like I'm not making a secret folder later.

Walking over, I get next to Missy and get on my knees to peer over the ledge as well.

"What are we looking at?" I ask in a harsh whisper.

"Ah!" Missy squeaks as she jumps back and lands on Pinky, who also squeaks in surprise.

"Huh, okay then." I say as I stare at the tangled teens, before looking out to the scene of destruction that is the block across from us.

One building leveled, two buildings next to it partially collapsed. Rubble and debris all over the street. As well as scores of cops on the scene in a panic. But no Hulk.

'Ooh!' I watch a large rock fly out the top floors of the building and hit a cop car!

"We were doing basic civilian evac when I used my power like you were teaching me." Missy starts explaining in a hurry. "You know, focusing on the fields to give me a sense of where people are. And, I noticed someone way underground. And they shouldn't be that far, well Gully and Mr. Incredible started digging and digging way further than the building records suggest the building should be, and they found a big green man with orange hair who went nuts!"

"Orange hair?" I think out loud.

"Yeah, and electricity powers." Missy says. "All of the Wards were evacuated to a safe distance to secure the perimeter after Armsmaster tried talking to him. I don't know what happened, but things escalated and Armsmaster got punched and his suit locked up."

"Okay, and I assume you were asked to call me to help out?" I ask, piecing together what happened.

"Um, not exactly." Missy says awkwardly.

"We were actually told not to contact you because you retired from heroing, and are not really tied to any chain of command." Pinky pipes up, causing Missy to blush.

"Uh!" I gasp as I put my hand to my mouth. "Missy! Did you, break the rules?" I ask in false shock.

She blushes and turns away from me. Crossing her arms as she refuses to look at me directly.

"Look, there's a big bad down there and I highly doubt things can get worse." Missy says just before another car is pelted by a large piece of rubble.

"Kitsu please help?" Pinky asks, stepping around Missy to address me.

"Alright." I shrug before walking to the ledge, and stepping off. "Weeeeeee!"

I hit a car with a thud, making sure to keep my body spread out to reduce the pain. In me, the car's roof is dented as all heck.

"FREEZE!" A nearby officer shouts as he aims his sidearm at me.

"No." I say as I get up, and get shot.

Rolling my eyes as the officer drops his gun and starts freaking out. Muttering about how I'm just a kid and he shot and this and that.

Oddly enough, not the first person to freak out after firing on me.

Walking forward over the rubble. I look around for any others. Before hearing the rubble move. Looking towards the sound, I witness a large slap get thrown up and over like a hatch door. And watch as Mr. Incredible climbs to his feet out of the debris and stretching.

"Ugh!" He groans as he pops his back, before heaving forward, placing his hands on his knees. "I'm getting too old for this."

He pants a bit before straightening back up, and looking around. Spotting me about fifty feet away.

"Hiii!" I wave to the big man.

"Um, hi?" He says with a small wave. "Uh, what are you doing here?"

"I heard the commotion and was bored." I shrug, not about to rat out my girl.

"Um, okay." He says before glancing around. "Do you know where any of the others are?"

"I only stopped by Mis- ehem. Vista and Pinky on my way over." I say, almost sweating at my close call.

"Uh, huh." He says, still looking around before jumping forward at me. "Look out!"

I instinctively activate my immovable power. And Mr. Incredible trips himself trying to pick me up and move me, just before a piece of rubble smacks into us and breaks over our bodies.

"Hey, yeah. I'm more indestructible than Alexandria so, you're good dude." I say as I pat the man's shoulder.

There are some people out there, even those who know me. That genuinely forget how strong I am. How good my ears are, how I'm indestructible, all that.

The funnest one is when they forget I change my appearance.

"Oh, right." He says as he gets back up, and awkwardly checks his watch. "Mr. Incredible, Code Eight, Twenty Four, Two Zero Zero Four dash One. Requesting roll call, five hundred feet."

"You have a super watch!" I gush excitedly as I jump up and cling to his arm to get a better look. "Oh that's so cool!"

"Identity confirmed." The watch says as it starts showing our pictures in a tiny hologram. "Nearby registered capes. Kitsu, Assault, Gully, Firebreather, Dauntless."

"Why did I show up?" I ask as I still hang on his arm. "Is this thing biometrical?"

"No, it pings for devices registered to the individuals, that only they would have." He says. "Like your hearing aides."

"Oh, that's less cool." I say as I drop down. "Anyway! What's the dealio?"

"First, you need to get out of here." He says, turning to me. "This is too dangerous for a child to be involved."

I stare him down as I cross my arms and tap my foot.

"Um, uh, a-no." I say sassily.

That seems to be the wrong answer in his book. As he just shakes his head at my refusal.

"This isn't up for debate kiddo." He says as he walks forward and tries to pick me up, only to struggle as I activate my immovable power once more. Rooting me to my spot.

"Hrmmm!" He strains, trying harder and harder to pick me up. "I am giving you a lawful order, to leave the scene!"

I roll my eyes and wait for him to tire out. The only issue with my immovable power, is that yes, I'm immovable. But I can't move. The moment I do move beyond a certain point. He'll be able to, move me.

He's using enough force to subtly crack the ground I'm standing on, I'm less than fifty pounds. And the way he's trying to lift me, well.

Free ride.

Deactivating my immovable. I immediately get flung towards the half wrecked building where the rubble keeps flying out of.

"WEEEEEEEEE!" I squeal in excitement like the tiny adorable murder missile I am.

.

.

Robert "Bob/Mr. Incredible" Parr POV

.

"WEEEEEEeeeeeeeee!" The little girl shouts as she flies through the air towards the threat.

"Uh oh." I say quietly as I watch my mistake unfold.

Helen is going to kill me when she finds out I just threw a kid, again.

.

.

? POV

.

So far, so far from home. From the rivers and my friends.

This land is nothing but darkness and unliving stone. Filled with invaders wielding those damned black weapons that spit fire and hurt like an ant's bite.

I need to leave this colorless place and return home. Return to the kind ones.

"eeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEE!" I hear the cheerful voice of a small one before the sound of nearby rocks smashing.

"I am going mad in this land." I tell myself.

What small one would be here? There are nothing but invaders in this land. Invaders who only seek harm, no small one would be here.

Peering over the rock I am hidden behind, I see the large red one down on the floor of the stone forest. The blue stone man tried to talk, but his voice was filled with lies as he prepared his spear.

None approach a friend with arms bared. And none conceal their face without trying to hide their intent.

"I just, need to get home." I remind myself.

Get home. Eat some fish, make a few flower chains with Potira. I hope her and the other small ones are alright.

Covering my face and taking a deep breath to calm myself as I think of a plan. First, I just need to kill off enough mean ones, and they'll retreat for some time. Then I need to escape, and hopefully find friends. Not everyone in this land can be evil, surely?

Opening my eyes. I am greeted to the sight, of a smiling small one.

"Ahh!" I jump back in shock.

"Hi!" She exclaims with pointed teeth. Teeth like mine. "Aim Keetzoo!" She speaks just like the blue stone man.

She's, much paler than the other small ones. So much so that I fear she may be sick. But more than that, I see her details.

Large furry ears atop her head, large furry tail. And softer, night time eyes. Colored like Akaru's favorite flowers. Golden hair like the deadly frogs. Pink, sleeveless top robe, and yellow parted shorts.

"Are you, a faerie like me?" I ask as I take a small step forward. "Are you a faerie's small one?"

"Tu sprichen Deutch?" She says with a tilt of her head. "Tu ablas espanyol? Inglish? Portuguese?"

'She's asking how I talk!' I realize.

"I speak, a little Portuguese." I say awkwardly. "I am, friend. Are you, friend?"

"I can't speak Portuguese." She shakes her head.

'Is, she messing with me?' I think to myself. 'I've never met another faerie, but the others say they are tricky. Like how I am large, but hide well.'

Perhaps this is her playing?

She then pulls a small seed out of the wrappings of her strange clothes. And holds out her hand to reveal a seed, one that quickly grows before my eyes, and blooms into a beautiful flower of pink and blue. One that glows like the fireflies.

She holds it out with a smile, and I accept the gift.

"You are a faerie, like me!" I exclaim as I feel some sense of hope. For the first time in so long!

I found one of my kind! Another faerie! And one who is a friend.

"I can't speak Portuguese." She says again as her tail sways.

"Hahahahahaha!" I laugh, a bellowing laughter as I finally see some light in this bleak and colorless land.

"Ay!" I'm brought out of my joy by the voice of a tall one.

Looking over, I see it is another unkind one. In armor like the other, but red like the large one. His face concealed to hide his intent, and I'm put back on my guard.

I need to protect the small one!

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Hey Assault!" I wave to the man. "We're good here!"

"Good?" He asks sarcastically as he stares at Blanka. "Forgive me if I don't feel safe around the green valley giant who managed to nearly punch Armsmaster's helmet clean off."

Yeah, this is Blanka. Green skin, large super saiyan three mane like orange hair, large spiked teeth and all that.

He's got manacles around his wrists and ankles. And a large metal collar. So uh, either he's made weird fashion choices, or there is no way he's here voluntarily. So, combined with the whole, not speaking any common language for the area. Is painting a picture.

"Okay but be honest." I say as I cross my arms. "Who wouldn't deck the knockoff Robocop if given the chance?"

Assault doesn't say anything as he keeps his head turned towards Blanka. Though he does offer a shrug.

"Do you know anyone who speaks Portu-" I start to ask before Blanka moves and puts himself between me and Assault.

I don't say anything as Blanka roars and slams the floor of the broken room we're in. Collapsing the floor beneath us and sending us all falling. Where he wraps his arms around me as we crash. Before rolling forward and over Assault in the doorway and, standing back up and charging off down the hall with me in his arm.

"Huh, I've never been a hostage before." I remark as I'm carried through the halls of what I think was an office building. "Oh wait, yes I have."

How do I get out of this, without making things worse? Because despite what Missy said I can definitely make things worse.

But he accepted my flower! So he's good in my book so far. So what if he destroyed a few police cars, who hasn't?

Okay real talk? I'm feeling lazy today and don't want to deal with anything that might come of me messing things up.

'But now what do I do with an eight foot hulking giant who may or may not have lightning powers. That doesn't speak any language I know?' I think to myself.

I speak three languages by the way. Not fluently, but, it's something.

Pulling out my phone, I scroll through my contacts and call my first pick.

…

"Hello?"

"Hey Mom, do you know anyone who speaks Portuguese?" I ask the lawyer.

What? She's a lawyer. Words and reading are their thing. The eccentricities of language are as open to her, as I am to pizza.

"What?" She says. "Kitsu what the hell are you on about? And what's this I hear from Amy about you running off to fight a Bulk?"

Beautiful word choice.

"It's Blanka, I think." I say as we make a left turn into a bathroom. "That's what my thinker power is telling me anyway."

"Where are you?" Mom asks.

"Currently? The building next to the one that collapsed." I answer her. "But I gotta go, need to find someone who speaks Portuguese."

"What is-" I hang up and dial the next number as Blanka runs out of the room and back into the hall.

…

"What's the sitch?" Wade says. "You're moving pretty erratically, something going on?"

"Oh just being kidnapped again." I say before being set down in a room after Blanka checks the area. "Being a hostage and all that, speaking of, do you speak Portuguese?"

"Um, no actually." He says after a few seconds.

"But you speak like, eight languages!" I say.

"I speak every Germanic language." He says. "Portuguese is a Romance language. I don't even know Spanish."

"No romance languages?" I tsk. "No wonder you're single."

There's a decent pause as I imagine Wade deadpanning at the computer screen he's at.

"What do you want from me?" He asks tiredly before offering. "I can make an accurate translator and download it to your phone."

"Ooh that sounds neat!" I say excitedly.

"Five hundred bucks." He says.

"What?" I ask. "Can't you make it a favor? Please?"

"I can't be handing out top of the line tinkertech for free!" He scoffs. "Besides, you clearly don't need it. You're being held hostage because you're playing a game."

I mean, he's not exactly wrong.

"Ugh!" I groan as Blanka leaves the room. "Fine, I've got one more person I can call. If they can't help I'll call you back."

"Sounds good." He says and hangs up.

'Let's see what's behind door number three!' I think as I dial up the next number while keeping an ear out for where Blanka's heading.

…

"Halo?" I hear the German accented voice.

"Nighty!" I exclaim excitedly, not thinking he'd pick up. "I need a favor."

…

"Kitsu?" He asks, clearly confused.

"Yeah, so I got a question, can you speak Portuguese?" I get straight to the point.

"Why would I speak Portuguese?" He asks.

"Beeecaaauusse you're, multi lingual?" I try.

What!? I'm out of options here! There's Gully who speaks a bit of Spanish but is in no way fluent. And maybe Lung who speaks English, Mandarin, Japanese, and some passing, whatever language is spoken in India.

"… Okay ya, I speak a little Portuguese. Why?" He asks.

"Because there's a rampaging case fifty three who, so far, only speaks Portuguese." I explain, and then hammer on sympathy details. "He was found trapped, and has manacles on his wrists and ankles. And a metal collar."

And, waiting. And waiting. Any moment now-

"Where?"

'Bingo!' I think victoriously as I just saved five hundred bucks.

Nightcrawler has a bleeding heart. And can easily be persuaded to help.

.

.

Blanka POV

.

These stone halls are like the ruined caves, but like everything here they lack any color, or life. So, so wrong.

Am, am I dead? Did I die and move to the lifeless land? Is that why there's no green? No animals and no kind ones?

Except for the one. She is a faerie, like me. She must be a young faerie, lost and scared. Far from home like me. Or, if I am dead, then she is a sad tale.

"Hello?" I hear a strange voice from down the cave's path. "I, friend. No talk good!"

"Then show yourself!" I demand as I start slowly backing up. "If you are friend, then show your face!"

"I am scary!" He says, the sound now being above me. "You promise not attack?"

'I shouldn't have left the small faerie.' I think to myself as I prepare to run back and retrieve her.

"Show your face! And I'll not hurt you!" I tell the voice. "Hide, and you are no friend!"

"Yes!" He says as I see black smoke appear behind a corner, before a large frog's hand holds itself out, attached to a thin man's arm. "I am friend! I move slow, do not be scared!"

I await patiently, ready to run in case of another trick. When, I am brought more hope as the blue man walks into my path. The long tail of a tree snake, with an arrow's tip. Frog's hands and jaguar eyes. Dark hair and a smile colored as white as a cloud. With pointed teeth like mine, but small like the girl's.

"You are, a faerie like me?" I say, hopeful to find another friend. And one who speaks to me.

"I am, like you, yes." He says slowly as he puts a hand to his chest and nods. "I am help you. You want?"

He speaks broken like the invaders, but he wields no weapons of death. And he is a faerie.

"Yes, please!" I nod, and he smiles with me. "I need to get home! To the forests! To the people!"

"Slow talk." He says as he starts walking closer. "No good speak, need slow."

"Home, the forest." I say slowly, hoping he understands, hoping for some light.

"Which forest?" He asks as he gets closer to me. "Many forests, which forest?"

"Many?" I think as I feel my heart beat harshly like the river's rapids. "There is only one, the forest. More green, less stone."

"Yes forest, many forests everywhere." He says again. "Forest name?"

The forest doesn't have a name. It's name is the forest! But, maybe, maybe the villages?

"Some villages are, Assakata, Kamwatta, Koriano?" I try, only to a shake of the head and a sad look. "Cupipo Ciudad Bolivar?"

"Ciudad Bolivar?" He asks, his brow raising in recognition. "South, America?"

I've heard that before! South America must be what they call the forest and villages.

"Yes!" I say excitedly. "South America! The forest!"

"Alt!" I swing around as I see the red stone man, who holds up a rock he speaks into. "Dizpash ai af eiz on Naitkrawlr ahlong wif saspekt, oardurs?"

"Stahp!" My new friend says as he appears before me, hands out to protect us from the red stone man. "Lehts tahlk! Ohkae? No nid to exkalait!"

As he says that, the large red man bursts out from the side, running through the stone walls and carrying me through the others. Until we fall off of the square, hollow mountain I've been sheltering in. Crashing to the ground as I let my body surge with lightning.

"Ahhh!" The large red man screams as he lets go of me in pain.

"Leave me alone!" I shout as I grab into the rocks and throw a flat boulder at him. It breaks on his form, crumbling away as he shakes off the pain.

"SSHHHTAAAAHHP!" I hear above me, as another, an orange bat winged man descends.

"Another faerie?" I say in confusion.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Well, this is going well." I say as I sit on the ledge of the ruined floor. About thirty feet up from the action.

"This is going schlecht." Nightcrawler says next to me.

"Could be worse." I shrug as Firebreather gets between Blanka and Mr. Incredible. "People could be dead."

"People are dead." He hisses while waving an arm to the police's street barricade. "Shietze, just getting here, I saw fünf ambulances."

Oh, daz bad.

"Well, people could be more dead." I say sheepishly with an awkward smile.

"Kitsu." He says, staring at me very unimpressed with my attitude. "You want me to help? I need to not be arrested. I can't do that, when they are so, strung up!"

This, this is why I retired so early. So much responsibility. No fun.

"Urgh!" I say as I lean forward. "Fine, should've just paid the five hundred." I mumble to myself.

I fall off the edge and plummet to the ground. Crossing my arms as I wait for the ground to get closer, before tucking and rolling. Running out to intercept Mr. Incredible and Firebreather who are arguing in front of Blanka.

"Okay!" I say as I jump up and land on Blanka's shoulder. "Silence!"

That works in getting the two's attention. And in almost scaring the crap out of Blanka.

"You!" I point to Firebreather. "Step aside before I think of something creative to hold over you!" I then point to Mr. Incredible. "Back off before I call your wife and tell her you threw a little girl!"

That seems to work for Fire, who holds his hands up and steps aside. But still levels a glare at Mr. Incredible. Who, doesn't seem as willing to back down.

"Kid you've got no business here." Mr. Incredible says as he points two fingers at me. "So, you go home before I call your mother. This is hero business, not sidekick business."

'Oh he did NOT just call me a sidekick!' I think as I stare him down, and Fire starts slowly backing away further with his hands raised.

"Excuse me?" I say as I hop down off of Blanka's shoulder and walk towards him. "For one, I already called my mother! Two, you're the one escalating this situation! Three, I am not a sidekick!"

"You watch your tone little lady!" He says while pointing a finger at me. "I don't know what your parents are teaching you but if you were my kid-"

"You'd what?" I hear, turning around to see Mom in full Brandish gear. "Because I know you're not about to parent my child."

Blanka starts growling at the woman and says something in Portuguese that I don't understand. But it doesn't sound nice.

"Mommy!" I say excitedly as I run over and glomp her.

"Hey sweetheart." She says as she rubs my head. "Step aside."

"That's, not a good idea." I say as I stay clung to her.

"And why not?" She asks with an edge in her voice.

"See the green guy?" I ask as I look up at her. "He's from South America and was kidnapped here buy some mercenaries and held in a secret bunker underground. He only speaks Portuguese and only seems to trust other Case Fifty Threes."

In other words, not her.

I got some of the info from Nightcrawler, watching his interaction with Blanka. And the big kicker here. The building that collapsed? The one Missy said had more sub levels than documented?

Fortress Constructions. Owned and run by a missing person now declared deceased by the name of one, Thomas Calvert. So, it wasn't hard to piece everything together.

"Good, you'll be my shield." She says as she picks me up and holds me on her hip.

"Wee!" I say excitedly.

"Now, explain what's happened." She says while she walks towards the three as Fire and Mr. Incredible start arguing again.

"Well, I came here because I heard things were getting out of hand. I found Missy and got the main details from her, someone trapped underground who went on a rampage after being dug up because Armsmaster said some things he shouldn't have. So, I went to help, found him, gave him a flower, and called a few people looking for someone to talk to him."

"Who did you call?" She asks before addressing the bickering boys in red. "Shut it! Both of you!"

The two look to her, and Mr. Incredible starts to speak back.

"Look, ma'am." He says holding a hand up. "The situation is well under control, we don't need you or your family's assistance in-"

"Okay first off, you will not talk to me like I'm some pedestrian walking up to a police investigation." Mom cuts him off, pointing at him and getting in his face. "Second of all, you can bet we'll be discussing how you talked to my daughter earlier."

'Hugs for Mommy!' I think as I nuzzle her shoulder.

"Third off, you cannot expect me to believe you had everything well handled when my twelve year old daughter-"

"Thirteen." I correct her.

"Shut up." She says softly before returning to Karen mode. "When my daughter managed to show up and gain a better handle on the situation in less than half an hour, when you've been here from the start! So you can take your ma'am nonsense and shove it because it's all shit."

'Wow!' I think, slightly scared of how aggressive that was.

Meanwhile, Fire walks over to Blanka, holding his hands up to show he's being friendly.

"Hey, I mean no harm." He says in a soft voice as he points to the manacles. "Those look painful, do you want them off?"

He doesn't seem to get the message. And backs up when Firebreather takes a step towards him.

"Chains." Fire says and grabs his own wrists, points to Blanka's wrists, and makes a breaking motion.

"You don't understand." Mr. Incredible says, raising his to, I don't know. Assert his aw-thori-tay. "That, creature attacked Armsmaster and then went ballistic! He needs to be detained and put in a holding cell!"

"Whoa!" I say as I hop out of Mom's grasp and walk up to the brute. "Creature? Mind using that language to my face?"

"Okay you need to settle down." Mom says as she grabs me by my sides and picks me back up.

Fire eventually manages to get close to Blanka and snaps the manacles off with a bit of effort as this all goes on.

"Okay!" Assault says as he rocks up to the party. "Mrs. Dallon, mini Dallon." He addresses Mom and then me.

I'll let it slide.

"I couldn't catch Nightcrawler." He says.

"Nightcrawler?" Mom asks. "What was one of Faultline's crew doing here?"

"I called him." I raise my hand before Mom sets me back down.

"And why did you call a villain over?" Mom asks before holding a hand up. "Actually no, don't say anything else."

"No, elaborate." Mr. Incredible says as he steps forward. "Because it sounds like your daughter is in regular contact with criminals."

"My lawyer has informed me to exercise my fifth amendment." I say and cross my arms to make an X.

"Then I'll call it in as obstruction to an investigation on aiding and abetting a criminal." He says seriously.

"You're overstepping your bounds." Mom says seriously as she gets in front of me, now almost face to face with Mr. Incredible.

This is getting way out of hand. And I have a feeling shard conflict shenaniganary is at play here. All I need, is for Nightcrawler to get down here, and help diffuse the situation.

"Hey, man." Assault says as he puts a hand on Mr. Incredible's shoulder. "Priorities. We need to-"

"We need to keep the peace!" He says as he shrugs Assault's hand off of his shoulder. "And we're being kept from doing that! By some upstart mother, her adopted daughter, and their independent firm of heroes! I'm trying to do what's right here!"

"If you're the standard to go by, I see why Seattle had so many riots." Mom says coldly.

Ooh. That's low.

"Excuse me?" Mr. Incredible says in a dark tone as he slowly turns to her.

This is going south, fast. Time to make myself the center of attention!

Taking a deep breath, I tap Mom's leg.

"I said-" She keeps going. So I grab her exposed hand, and make her deaf through a little tampering.

And, enhancing the strength of my lungs and vocal cords-

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!" I shout, nearly hurting my own ears. Even through the hearing aides.

I then try to pull on the formula for infinite energy. Which [Conduit] gives me a massive migraine for. Which should pull the attention of the nearby warrior shards to divert their attention to [Conduit] who plays dead.

None of the nearby shards are "smart" enough to see through the deception [Conduit] puts on. But it pulls them from focusing on making the situation worse.

The conflict drives are like a build up system. With lower tier ones being less sophisticated and more direct, like Sophia's. When they're trying to start stuff, a quick distraction can throw them off their game for several minutes, or hours. Depending on the shard.

Or at least that's how [Conduit] explained it to me.

I like to think of it as, dummy's take a while to remember what they were doing.

"We good?" I ask after I undeafen my mother.

"Why?" Assault asks as Mr. Incredible holds his hands to his ears.

"Because you were all being butts!" I say as I turn to Blanka and Fire.

They're, not fairing much better. With Blanka being on his butt and holding his head in pain. Fire is currently shaking his own head, and presumably trying to stop the ringing.

"Okay." I say as I turn to Mr. Incredible and point. "You need to chill! I'm trying to get someone here who can translate and you are actively sabotaging me!" I stomp my foot for good measure.

It's when we all hear beeping that we freeze and look towards Fire and Blanka. Fire had apparently recovered, and decided to pop the collar off of Blanka. And is now holding said metal collar that was around Blanka's neck, and it's blinking and beeping.

"Uuuuhhh, is this bad?" Fire asks as the beeping picks up.

"It's a bomb!" Mr. Incredible says as he moves to tackle the device out of Fire's hands.

Only to get stopped by me as I grab his belt.

"What are you doing!?" He asks as I trip him and walk over him.

I don't say anything as I yank the collar out of Fire's hands and walk about ten feet away. Let it blow up, absorb the energy, and walk back.

"Go home." I tell the middle aged man as he gets up. "You're making everything worse."

"How am I making things worse?" He asks, stubbornly refusing to see reason.

"Aaaarrrgh!" I shout in frustration.

"Perimeter secure!" Dauntless says as he lands down near us. "I see you've settled things without me."

"I wish!" I shout in anger. "Where's Robocop!?"

.

.

-40 minutes later

.

.

Blanka POV

.

"My apologies." The blue stone man says as he removes his mask.

The small faerie had made a forest for us to speak. One in the middle of this cold, colorless land. And had brought back the blue stone man. And the blue frog faerie, Night Walker he is called, said this man will speak better.

"I was, unaware of the cultural differences." He says in a rough way of speech, before placing the helm back on. "I, cannot speak, and cannot understand you without this helmet. It is why I wear it. If that makes you uncomfortable, I'm sorry."

He clearly doesn't like me. But, he showed me his face. And he speaks the kind one's words. And the other faeries say he is good. So I'll have to trust them.

"I, apologize for the violence." I say reluctantly. "Too many here have hurt me. Too many still want to hurt me."

He nods, agreeing with me. Not daring to argue it, and showing he is no fool.

"I understand." He says. "From how we see it, bad people brought you here without us knowing. They hurt you, and were probably trying to use you."

He speaks like a chief. But receives commands like a small one. And acts like a growing one, eager to see their worth proven to others.

"Who are you to this land of stone?" I ask.

"I, am a peace keeper." He says after a bit of thought. "It is my job, as well as those you fought, to keep things safe. For the people."

'Like me.' I realize. 'Just as I protect the kind ones from the invaders and animals.'

"You've caused a lot of damage." He says. "I understand you were scared, and believed you were protecting yourself. But, we still need to take you away."

"More chains?" I ask, not able to keep the growl away from my voice.

"No, not if you work with us, and do as we say." He says, holding a hand up.

So, if I be kind, they take me away without chains. If I am unkind, I go back into the chains. But I was kind before, and I was put in chains.

How can I trust him?

"What happens, after?" I ask.

"Truthfully?" He starts. "You are not of this, land. So, after an investigation, after we search the area and learn everything that happened. You'll be sent home, and probably, be forbidden from ever coming back after the additional, offences you caused."

As if I'd ever want to.

.

.

-15 minutes later-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

It's odd seeing someone as large as Blanka squeeze into a PRT van. He's easily larger than even Gully. And it shows by how the van creaks and bows under his weight.

"Now that the current issue is settled." Mr. Incredible says behind me. "Where is Nightcrawler?"

'Uuurrgh!' I groan to myself as I turn to face him. 'Again with this!?'

"I'unno." I say with a shrug and an easy smile.

"Minors can still be charged and arrested." He says as he crosses his arms with a frown.

"And that is not your call." Mom says as they go head to head again.

"It's my responsibility to insure the safety of the people." He says, again. "If she's aiding a criminal then she needs to stop!"

At this point, I've deduced that he is just genuinely self righteous and head strong. Way to prove the stereotypes about law enforcement wrong.

"And as her caretaker and guardian, I'll address it." Mom says, standing her ground.

She's calmed down significantly. Seeing as she's gone back to words like, caretaker.

"Mr. Incredible." Armsmaster says as he walks over. "A word."

"What?" He asks in confusion as Armsmaster turns him around and walks away.

"I understand your frustration." Armsmaster says as I use my ears to listen in. "But trust me, you're only going to get yourself in trouble by trying to target her."

'Oh?' I think curiously. 'Armsmaster on my side? Someone needs to go through M/S protocols. Because either he's being mastered, or I'm under the influence of another power.'

"This is absurd." Mr. Incredible says. "I can't let this just slide. It's actively aiding a criminal and by being complacent in it, we're aiding in the delinquency of a minor!"

"I was in charge here, I tried to bring her to justice." Armsmaster spews his BS. "Now, I'm no longer in charge and she's scott free. Static Shock, tried to bring her to justice, and he's paying for collateral out of pocket after she again, got off without a single charge."

"Oh yeah!" I shout over to them, surprising the two. "You forgot to mention how you put a bomb in my hearing aides!"

"Kitsu shut up!" Mom says as she covers my mouth. "We're under an NDA."

"A stupid one." I say as I pull back. "He's lying about me. And making himself sound better! It's slander!"

"Kitsu, go home." Mom says as she points in the direction of our house. "Don't say anything more, and I'll see you at dinner."

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"But!" She tries to protest, tail straight up and ears splayed back in irritation.

"Now!" I put my foot down on the matter. "I have too much on my plate right now to deal with you and this at the same time. Go home, and don't say anything to anyone until I get back."

The NDA is bullshit. But it's political bullshit. And breaking it will not only lead to more issues that I'll have to deal with. It'll also lower the trust the PRT puts in us. And by extension, the trust they put in New Wave.

"Rmmmm!" She growls, puffing out her cheeks as her face goes red in anger, balling up her little fists in anger. "Fine!"

She turns around and kicks a rock. Unpowered.

"Ahhhh hahahahahaaaa!" She screams as she hops on one foot while holding the other. She eventually stops after the pain subsides, and starts stomping off towards an alley.

"You can fly!" I call out, hoping she'll get home before she causes another scene.

"I don't wanna!" She says while stomping off past the police barricade in the alley. "I wanna walk!"

'I, really hope this isn't the start of her rebellious phase.' I think to myself before feeling a pit of dread drop in my stomach. 'Fuck. How the hell am I going to handle that? I'm barely handling Vicky's!'

No. That's for another time. For now, I need to figure out what all is going on, and what all went down.

And decide whether or not I need to ground Kitsu.

.

.

-City Hall, Monday, Sep 6th, 10:00am-

.

.

Director Emily Piggot POV

.

Another day, another headache inducing meeting.

"Ah, Missus Piggot, no?" The tan, accented man from Brazil says as I enter the room.

"Miss, I'm not married." I say to the white suited man.

"My apologies." He says as he stands and offers a hand. "I meant not to assume. I am Mauricio Carmilla Diaz Santino, I am the representative of the native population of the Orinoco river basin. Here on their behalf, and the behalf of the Brazilian and Venezuelan government. You may call me Mr. Diaz if it's easier for you."

'Diaz is first, so it's likely his father's family name.' I think idly as I accept the handshake.

"Very well Mr. Diaz." I say professionally. "Shall we get to business then?"

"No pleasantries?" He asks with a scrutinizing look. "Is this, usual for this part of the Americas?"

"It's usual for me." I stress as we complete our handshake. "I'm a very busy woman, and cannot waste time on unproductive matters."

"I, see then." He says with an untrusting look in his eyes. "Then, onto business. As you are aware, you are in custody of a culturally significant individual."

And here's the headache. It turns out the Case Fifty Three, is a kidnapped individual of, great importance to the River People.

"You understand I can't just hand him over." I inform him. "Not without insurance he will be duly processed for his crimes and charges be met for the damages he caused."

"Is there not leniency for, cultural differences and extenuating circumstances?" He asks challengingly. "Why do you need any assurance? Is not just easier on you to release him to us and our authority?"

Oh trust me. I would love nothing more than to scrape this off of my plate and onto someone else's.

But the public won't stand for that. Not after he killed five cops in an evacuation zone.

"This isn't a matter of public drunkenness or disorderly conduct." I explain to him. "This is a matter of the lives taken. He murdered five people in his rampage."

"A rampage induced by long standing torment in your country." He pushes back. "And need I remind you, it is your country's lax policies that allowed his illegal kidnapping to go unnoticed for months."

'So that's the game then?' I think as I return his untrusting glare with one of my own.

"Tell me Mr. Diaz." I say as I clasp my hands together and rest them on the table. "How many people have you gone through before me? How many will you have to go through after?"

"That is inconsequential to the current issue." He says curtly.

"You wen through at least five." I tell him. "Homeland security, the immigrations office, I know you've spoken with the governor. The chief of police for Brockton Bay, and the Secretary of state."

He narrows his eyes at me in concentration. Now knowing I'm not some no name politician who got in through votes. I'm here, because I'm competent.

I can't be persuaded with pleasantries and bribes. And certainly not convinced to just turn a blind eye and neglect my dues.

"Hmm, it would seem we are at an impasse here." He says in a low tone.

"That it would." I respond in the same tone. "You want the man turned over to your custody and avoid the reparations. I'm saying reparations must be paid."

He takes a deep breath through his nose. Our eyes never once leaving the other's.

"Very well."

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Vista's average patrol

.

"Ma'am, we need you to step out of the car." The officer says.

'Another day, another Karen.' I think tiredly.

"No you don't." The woman says as she gestures to her seat in the taxi. "Because this, I paid for this ride. This is my property until I get to where I need to be."

'One week, just, one, week!' I cry out internally. 'Is that so much to ask?'

"And that is a separate issue all together." Officer Blane says, gesturing to her and the car. "As it stands, the owner of this vehicle, has informed you that you're not allowed in it and has asked you to leave. We're just trying to make sure this doesn't escalate further than it has to."

'This is so STUPID!' I can't help but think as I keep my distance, shadowing the officers as they address the situation. Long story short? Taxi driver refused a lady service, and she's refusing to leave his car.

"She clearly ain't cooperating." Vergil says as he steps forth. "Why are we-"

He stops as the female officer holds a hand and gets in front of him. Causing the teen to raise his hands and step away from the situation in frustration.

"Ma'am, if you don't exit the vehicle you'll be charged with trespassing." Officer Blane says.

"I'm not, trespassing!" The lady says, slapping her hand with each syllable. "I paid for this ride! That man is clearly trying to scam me!"

"She called me a chink." The man who called addresses the cops. "I maintain right to refuse service for any reason! And even then you haven't even paid yet!" He says to the lady.

"That's not the law!" She shouts. "That's policy! I am paying customer, paying you to drive me! You are legally obligated to drive me!"

'How can someone be so confidently wrong?'

"Ma'am, it is a federal law that any and all businesses maintain a right to refuse service." Officer Blane says, somehow keeping his calm in the face of this bitch.

"That's not a law! Show me the statute. Show me, where it says that in the constitution." She says with a smile. "You can't, that's what I thought. Goodbye and have a nice day."

'Kitsu and Vicky never have to deal with this.' I think bitterly as I lean against the brick wall.

"Ma'am, if you don't leave the vehicle Mr. Weng can press charges for trespassing." The female officer, Jones, says.

"You can't do that." She says. "You can't just press charges like that."

"I would like to press charges." The man says with a smile.

"Alright, ma'am. Out of the car now." Officer Blane says as he stops being nice.

"No." She says. "I don't have to listen to that."

"Ma'am, last chance." He says as he opens the door. "Step out of the vehicle or we'll use force to remove you and place you under arrest."

"No! You can't do that!" She says defiantly.

"Alright." Officer Blane says before activating his radio. "Officer Blane, subject Mariana Smith is officially trespassed and refusing to leave. Using force."

He then reaches into the car and grabs the woman by the arm.

"What!? No! Stop it!" She says as she pushes the cop's hands away.

"Quit resisting!" Blane shouts. "You're under arrest!"

"No I'm not!" She shouts as she kicks the cop. "I'm not under arrest!"

"We need to start make'n bingo sheets based on what these people say." Vergil says as he comes over to lean on the wall next to me. "Betcha, I can't breathe!"

"I'll take that bet." I say. "You owe me lunch if she says, you're hurting me! Followed by, you can't do this!"

"Deal." Vergil says and we high five on it.

"You feel good huh!?" The woman asks as she pulled out of the car and thrown to the ground. "You like this!? You like throwing women to the ground you rapist!? Help! He's raping me! Rape! Rape! A grown man is touching me without my consent!"

"Damn, didn't expect that one." Vergil says as the lady gets put in cuffs.

Officer Jones helps Officer Blane as the woman keeps struggling. Getting the woman up and against the squad car as Officer Jones pats her down.

"You can't do this! I know my rights!" She shouts as the officers ignore her and pull out a phone, a wallet, a pocket knife.

"Would've sucked to get stuck with that." Jones says as she places the pocket knife on the hood of the cruiser.

They pull out a pack of cigarettes, and a lighter.

"Stop! You can't do this to me! I'm not arrested! I didn't do anything!" She starts crying. "Aaaaah! You didn't even tell me what I'm being arrested for you shitbags!"

"Damn, how do they just, not say anything?" Vergil says what we're both thinking.

"You're just wracking up charges ma'am!" Jones says as they force her into the car. "Sit down."

"Because if they do say something sarcastic or witty, she can latch onto that as a literal statement and get one of them in trouble." I say, remembering the law and criminal justice classes.

"No!" The lady says as she tries to force her way past the cops. "You're not arresting me!"

"Huh." Is all Vergil says.

"Get your hands off me you perverts!" She shouts as they shove her in the car. "You're hurting me! You're hurting me you can't do this too me!"

"Damn it!" Vergil says, stomping his foot and snapping his fingers.

We both freeze as we hear it. The pteu, sound of someone spitting. And we see Officer Jones wipe spit off of her face.

"Aaaaauugh!" I groan, knowing that this shadow patrol now has to go to the hospital before we can go to the police station. Make sure she isn't diseased.

"Why do they always spit?" Vergil groans.

.

.

A/N

The reason Wade speaks every Germanic language, is because his Thinker specialty is pattern recognition. And English is a Germanic language. Thus making it easy for him to learn other languages that share the same root.

.

One of the big reasons Mr. Incredible is so against Kitsu here, is because he's a paragon of good. And Brockton Bay is very gray.

Kitsu especially so. Hell, Kitsu is only technically good. One of Mr. Incredible's core principles is that children should not be involved in dangerous situations. Hence him immediately getting onto Kitsu to leave. It doesn't matter that she's indestructible. This isn't the place for a child.

The fact that she is openly in contact with criminals. Only makes it worse.

.

FOR KITSU!

SRWilsonMR (discord): What are your favorite video game genres?

Kitsu: RPG for the stories they tell. And First Person Shooters so that I can pown all the NEWBs and hear their salty cries.

NEWB: … Really?

Kitsu: Deal with it.

Grimnosh: Have you considered making some extra seeds of your tree and other plants in case they somehow gets destroyed again (you could put them in a safety deposit box at the bank as seeds can last for a very long time, many surviving for 1-2000 years with the oldest known viable seeds having been carbon dated to an estimated 31,800 years).

Kitsu: I did. They got burned in the house fire. Another reason I think I let Stormfront die too quickly.

Grimnosh: Mangoes or Papaya?

Kitsu: Da Mangoes Maurice! Get da mangoes!

RadChaos897: What games are you thinking about streaming next? Does Earth-Bet have Ōkami?

Kitsu: got some TF2 and Black ops on the schedule! And, what's okami?

RadChaos897: Do games like Godzilla: Unleashed or Prototype exist on Earth-Bet? If so are they seen in poor taste to play because of Endbringers and Nilbog?

Kitsu: yeah, none of that here. Sorry.

RadChaos897: Do any Earth-Bet exclusive games exist? Such as games where you can play as capes or any copy cat games like a version of Injustice, but with Worm characters instead? I bet you wish there was a Mortal Kombat-style game where you could perform a Fatality! on Alexandria.

Kitsu: I wish! No, the most exclusive our games are is some Hero and Villain themed Tower Defense Games online. Like on Freeworldgroup.

RadChaos897: How many people have you had to ban so far and for what reasons? What is the best/worst ban you administered?

Kitsu: I haven't been streaming for long, so not even a hundred people.

Best ban? I banned someone because they said they were to cute to ban. I said bet.

I won the bet.

Worst ban? Someone dropped a link to a porn site.

And it wasn't even a good one.

RadChaos897: Any funny donation messages or chat comments that made you guffaw or do a spit take? What are some fun/interesting/weird requests that you've gotten?

Kitsu: I fell for the touch your elbows to your belly button trick. Only noticed when I looked down.

Banned!

RadChaos897: What sort of tricks have you preformed for chat that had them zooming with comments? Did any clever chatters trick you into doing something embarrassing so they could clip it?

Kitsu: Literally any time I pout! They call it Grumpy Fox Mode: Activate!

How is it, that I've gone my whole life without realizing I look cuter when mad?

RadChaos897: Does Missy watch and comment on your streams? If so then do you call her out and gush about her to embarrass her on stream?

Kitsu: Not yet, but I patiently await the day. Waiting, patiently.

Mostly because I stream when she has patrol or school.

Cassnova5424: Question for Kitsu: Is there a reason that you don't, even temporarily, shut off your pain receptors? with no chance of injury it seems like something sort of harmless to leave off most of the time.

Kitsu:…

NEWB: She's a masochist and an idiot who can't figure out how to turn off her pain receptors with accidentally overcharging them. Or accidentally shut off her neurons.

Kitsu: Shut up!

.

FOR NEWB!

Grimnosh: How is Emma dealing with Madison's catgirlness currently and will we see more of them? And how is Taylor taking this?

NEWB: Madison has become, something of an easy lay at Winslow. She couldn't get attention from Emma, so she sought it out elsewhere with, less than the best end results.

Taylor is still stalking Firebreather and becoming his number one fangirl.

Overall, their friendship is still going strong. Madison is still pining for Emma and not coping well with the slow realization that it's completely one sided. And Taylor is still part of the group.

Grimnosh: will we see other fursonalities?

NEWB: Possibly in the future as Amy figures herself out.

Cassnova5424: Have you ever had a situation where you had more words for plotlines than you do any written chapters? If so how did you get out of it?

NEWB: How, do you think, I got this far!?

Got to the very end of ch. 17. You'll see the hint to Kitsu's identity at the very end of the chapter. I planned on revealing the twist, in chapter 23.

This fic was supposed to be over by the start of SUMMER! LAST YEAR!

.

.

As always

Gimme all da comments! All of them! Om nom nom!

.

Find me in newb's-grotto at the discord!

.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, macdjord and 150 others
Newb to the game
Sep 25, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 74 Mundane Dangers New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Oct 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#669
A/N: Mundane Dangers

Alt Title: 1

.

.

Guest: Maybe next Chapter I'll do a PHO. Thing is, I love reading them, I hate writing them.

Redburndragon: Kitsu is gremlin.

GideonBlackthorn: Oh absolutely. She might not have the same hormonal changes as a normal girl due to her mutations, ex: she doesn't get sexually arroused unless heavily prompted, she has fur follicles all over her body, she's becoming more nocturnal and prone to sleeping in the day, she produces slightly more estrogen than a normal girl, except for that week where she goes into heat and produces more than 5 times the normal amount. She produces a slightly higher amount of testosterone than a normal girl.

But yes, puberty Kitsu is a brat.

A Dancing Leaf: I think the main issue is that people associate Sociopaths with being violent criminals and serial killers. When in fact sociopathy is characterized by lack of remorse and often reckless behavior. They can feel empathy and guilt, but lack remorse. They have emotions, but they are shallow and fleeting. Like how Kitsu was in a rage against Stormfront, but calmed down before the chase even reached five minutes. They can form attachments, but not many. Habitual lying or deception, aggressive and reckless behavior, consistent irresponsibility and repeated violations of the law.

All of that, is Kitsu to a T!

Grimnosh: oops. Problem is, editing on FFN is HELL!

QQ is much easier.

Kitsu labeled the folder: Stream schedule, and has it password protected. She has 12 photos so far. Most of them being of Missy's legs.

Brandish was stressed and didn't think anyone could do anything to Kitsu, not with so many police and EMS running around.

As for the bonus, the point was that the Wards are shadowing the cops. The Ward's program is still an afterschool work program.

Ben Turner1: He didn't call Kitsu "it" he was referring to the crime of aiding and abetting a criminal. He said "This is absurd, I can't let this slide. It's actively aiding a criminal and by being complacent in it." He said "It's" as in, "It is absurd that we're overlooking this because It is (it as isn the situation and events) actively aiding and abetting a criminal."

He was referring to the situation and actions, not Kitsu herself. Still, poor choice of words on his part.

Nuclear Cat: I don't do questions for [Conduit] anymore.

Mangouschase: more or less that he's responsible. But yes, he has the rare common sense that capes seem to be allergic to.

RadChaos897: Yeah, the issue with Mr. Incredible is that he's a paragon. But he's also very self righteous. He wasn't actually going to arrest Kitsu, he was just trying to pull a "Scared Straight" on her. And he doesn't let his kids participate in anything other than standard patrol and EMS. Not cape fights, riots, or anything inherently violent.

He wasn't calling Kitsu an it. He said it, as in the situation. Like he said "I can't let this(the situation) slide! It's (the situation) actively aiding-" you get the point.

Funny thing about Karens, I meet a lot of them! I had a woman say I should be fired for being colorblind.

She asked me mix her more of the color she brought in. I said we don't have the color in the system. She asked me to just match it, at which point I pointed to the pallet wall with a bunch of colors for her to choose. She called me lazy and that she would just go to home depot. I told I'm sorry, I can't match it because I'm color blind. She called me a smartass. When I told her I was being serious and that I am in fact, partially colorblind. She then told me I should be fired so that they can hire someone who can actually do my job.

I said "I am sorry, that the way I was born is too inconvenient for you right now."

She flipped me off and left. Leaving the empty can of paint behind.

I threw it away before she could come back for it. :)

AvidReader2425: There is, TOO MUCH to respond to it all. Though I gotta ask, what's with the recipe's?

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

[Shard]

(Text)

Sounds/Actions*

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Dallon House, Saturday, Sep 11th, 11:45am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"That's it!" I say into my mic with a British accent. "I'm getting the shovel!"

I switch out to the soldier with the Stainless Pot headpiece. And similarly, I reach under my desk to come back up with a pot on my head.

"FORWARD CHARGE, WITH MA RPG!" I say in an exaggerated southern accent.

I actually like TF2 more than COD. Mostly because it is so chaotic that I can't cheat.

"We got a flamer!" Says R0m3R0125.

"Hey!" I call back, insulted. I may be bi, but I'm not a flamer! I think.

I don't actually know what that means.

"Not you! Pyro!" Cassnova5424 calls back. Just before I turn the corner and get sniped.

"Well boys!" I call out, reverting to my southern accent. "There can be but one solution!"

Charging out from the respawn, I rocket jump up and come crashing down on a roof. Rocket jump up, spot the enemy Pyro and head towards him.

"Shovel to the face!" I call out, only for the team Scout to run up and stab me. "Sabotage!"

"You should've seen that one." Gorfax204 says. "The Pyro was ignoring him."

"There can be but one resolution to this travesty!" I say, not dropping the accent.

"Get good?" Gorfax204 calls out.

I feel my eye twitch as my chat goes off. Both agreeing with him, and laughing at me.

"No you lily livered pucker sucker!" I say before swapping to the spy, and taking the pot off my head. Tossing it behind me with a clatter. "It is time, for ze French! Oui oui!"

I then use my illusions to turn into the spy. Making it look like the spy, is playing the spy.

"Never do that again." R0m3R015 says in a flat voice.

"What do you mean monsieur?" I say, making my voice reflect a grown man's. "Iz mah Fwench offensive to jew? Ho ho!"

I fully expect this to get clipped. Heck, there's a youtuber who's already clipping me and making compilations of out of context quotes.

"I shall sow ze seeds of choas amongst zere ranks with mah fwenchiness! Hoho!" I say.

Only to run into the flipping PYRO!

"Oh come on dude." I whine as my illusions dispel. "Why?"

It's just then that I see it in the chat.

(I thought you said you were good at games?) -Vista(Ward)

"What the, is that my Vista in the chat?" I call out. "Baby I swear this isn't what it looks like! I'm just warming up!"

"Bruh, tighten your sports brah and FOCUS!" H33RPME! Snaps. "Also, you've been 'warming up' for nearly an hour!"

And the chat goes off at the roast.

"Okay don't hate that a thirteen year old squeaker pulled a girl while you're only companion spends most of its time under your bed. You only take this game so seriously because your game is so bad you need an escape you forty year old virgin wizard sounding loser."

The lobby is silent while my chat goes OFF!

H33RPME! has logged off.

"Loser." I scoff. "Can't handle the awesomeness that is me, and my amazing game and charisma."

(I asked YOU out.) Missy gives a super chat. Only a dollar but still.

"Do you want me to tell everyone how?" I challenge.

All is silent from her account as I continue to play, and lose as much as I win.

Constantly eyeing the chat, I see she actually switched to her civilian account, W4V-E.

"You know I almost got Alexandria's hat the other day." I remark as I switch out hats on my Soldier. "Hmm, I think it's time for a break."

"You will not be missed." Gordax204 remarks, timing the comment so that I hear it just as I log out.

"Yeah well!" I try before I notice I'm already out of the lobby. "Dang it! Dude pulled the ninja poof of lobbies on me. I'd have, I'd have shot him back so hard! Be like a friggin, sniper round. Point blank chat, point blank I swear." I say as I switch to some vids to relax before going back into the game. "He got lucky."

Overall, I made fifty dollars from streaming for two hours. Not a lot, but I'm still new so it's to be expected. Still, that's twenty five an hour! Suck it minimum wage!

I just gotta edit and upload to youtube. Get my monetization money, and wait. Checking my accounts, so far my vids have made me! Five hundred in a week! Not bad!

On top of the average forty dollars I make per stream, add in the fact I stream three times a week. Twenty percent goes to Eric until I pay him off. Taxes and fees for the services.

I made, three hundred and forty eight all together.

Taking the blanket down that is my backdrop down, revealing my room and all it's half planted glory. I go to my bed and plomp down face first. Getting a nap in until I need to do something.

.

.

-2 hours later-

.

.

"Wake up!"

"Hwata buh?" I shoot up as Mom stares down at me.

"You left your stream on." She says as I get up and stretch.

"What?" I ask before realizing I forgot to turn off the cam.

I turned off the recording tech, but not the stream!

"Oh my god!" I shout as I run to the computer.

"I already turned it off." Mom says as I log back in. "In the future, double check. I don't need to find videos of you changing or anything else posted all over the internet. Got it?"

I'm too busy looking at the metrics to pay attention. It wasn't recording, so this isn't saved. But people still logged on to watch me sleep.

I made an extra hundred bucks.

…

I'm not sure how I feel about this. What kind of weirdos just, watch people sleep?

.

.

-Meanwhile, Biron House-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"Aww!" I whine as the stream ends.

I was using that as my background while I did my homework! Like a little screen saver off to the side.

"Pfff." I sigh as I go to youtube and look for some background music to listen to while I study.

"Oh so Now you want to have a family night?" My dad shouts over the phone.

I need earbuds.

.

.

-Boardwalk, Sunday, Sep 12th, 1pm-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"You okay?" I ask Pinky as she sighs while resting her head in her hands. Leaning over the table of the outdoor smoothie restaurant.

'Don't look at her cleavage.' I tell myself. 'Your eyes are covered! Who'd know?'

"Yeah, just." She starts, before giving a small shake of her head. "Nevermind."

"She's lonely." Jenny says.

"Jenny!" Pinky hisses as her face turns magenta.

"Pfft." Sophia scoffs as she crosses her arms.

I hate patrolling with her. So, ignoring her.

"What do you mean?" I ask as I sip my smoothie.

"TLDR? Boyfriend." Jenny says.

"Pathetic." Sophia chimes in.

"Oh yeah? Well I don't see you getting any chocolates or flowers!" Pinky snaps.

I one hundred percent thought she was gonna stop at getting any.

'Kitsu is corrupting me.' I conclude.

"Because I don't need anyone else's validation of my body." She scoffs. "I know I'm attractive, whereas you all seem to feel the need to have someone tell you."

It's as she says that, that my phone buzzes. And my heart skips a beat as I know who it might be.

Kitsu, is very photogenic and likes sending me pictures. No, not like that! It's little things, like she'll take a picture of herself in freefall. Or of her using her illusions to mess with someone. Most often Vicky or Mr. Dallon. And, she likes showing off some of her outfits. Or some new makeup she got.

"Are you gonna check that?" Jenny asks.

"Later." I shrug as I sip my smoothie.

But last time, well, frilly pink two piece. And a clown mask. I, don't need the girls asking about that.

"But don't you ever just, want someone to hold?" Pinky says as I focus back in on the conversation.

"No." Sophia says in a flat tone. "Again, I'm not some pussy who needs comforting from someone else."

Great, now I want to hug Kitsu.

My phone buzzed again. And I try to hide the blush as I think of what it could be.

"You okay?" Jenny asks with a raised brow.

"Yeah!" I say as my voice cracks. "Yeah I'm fine."

It's clear by the questioning look she gives, that Jenny does not believe me. But she thankfully doesn't press the issue and turns back to Pinky and Sophia.

"If I want to get off, I have a vibrator at home." Sophia sneers.

"That's not what I meant!" Pinky squeaks in embarrassment.

"What did I just tune into?" I ask in shock as I feel my face burn.

"Oh piss off. Everone does it." Sophia bobs her head.

I mean, she's not wrong. But we don't do it in public!

My phone buzzes again. And I'm very tempted to check it this time. But resist, knowing what it could be.

"Check your phone you dingus!" Kitsu suddenly shouts as she appears next to me.

"Ah!" I squeal in surprise, almost throwing my smoothie. With Pinky, Jenny and Sophia faring no better as Sophia even aims her crossbow at the girl.

She glares at me with an adorable pout. Puffing out her cheeks as she balls up her fists at her sides.

She's wearing a grey sweater jacket with a pink shirt. Pink skirt, black boots and a green beret as she has her hair changed to brown.

Awkwardly fishing my phone out of my pocket. I look to the texts she sent me.

(Gonna getcha!)- K

Accompanied by a picture taken a few moments ago. Showing me drinking my smoothie while Pinky and Sophia argue.

(Dun nuh!)- K

This picture is taken from an entirely different angle.

(Behind you!)- K

A picture of the back of my head.

Looking to my pouting girlfriend. I go to say something before she climbs up and plants herself in my lap. Crossing her arms as she thuds her head against my shoulder and takes my smoothie.

"Scratches." She says as she takes my hand and puts it on her head.

…

Is it bad that I find this adorable?

.

.

-Arcadia High, Wednesday, Sep 15th, 9am-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

High school is, a bit different than middle school.

"Move it half pint." Ashley, the popular girl says as she pushes past me.

We're in the same grade. But she's a year older, same as everyone else in my grade. On account of me pushing to move up.

"Be nice." One of her lackeys says.

"I am." Ashley defends as she walks away. "She should be grateful-"

They trail off as I find my locker and open it. Only to find all my stuff missing!

'That's it!' I think as I slam the locker close and march to the principle's office. Passing several people on the way, one of which being Vicky.

"Hey new girl." She says in a friendly voice as she hovers next to me. "You seem a bit miffed. Need help?"

She's pretending not to know me. Which, is weird. The whole, going to the same school but only one of us is a known cape thing.

"Not right now." I say curtly.

"Oof, time of the month?" Vicky shamelessly asks. "You know, my sister can help with that. Just a quick call and-"

"I don't need Panacea." I snap to her. "And this has nothing to do with her or, that!"

"Wasn't talking about her but, okay." Vicky says as she stops and floats back down to her feet. "What's the deal new girl?"

'I could get Vicky's help.' I think to myself. 'But, then it might get back to Kitsu.'

As much as I love her, I can't trust Kitsu with the information that I'm being bullied. While I don't think she'll do anything too drastic, I have no doubt she'll do something less than legal.

Which is not what I want, or need. Heck, I haven't even told her I skipped a grade, because I didn't want her doing anything! She's only here for social studies and science because she decided to annoy the staff into letting her test out. The rest of the day? She stays at home or wanders the city.

"I'm just heading to the principle's office." I say as I move around her. "It's nothing important."

That still doesn't deter her as she keeps following me. Walking now instead of lazily floating.

"Um, dunno where you're from but no one just stomps towards the office when their's nothing going on."

'Stop being smart for a few minutes!' I feel myself yell.

"Missy." Vicky says quietly. "What's going on?"

'She'll probably tell Kitsu if I try to brush her off.' I realize.

Which means my options are A. Tell Vicky and make her promise not to get Kitsu involved. Or B. Deny and hope she walks off.

"I'll tell you, but only if you promise not to tell Kitsu." I tell her.

"Depends." Vicky crosses her arms.

"No." I cross mine.

"No?" Vicky challenges.

"No." I nod. "Either promise, or let me be on my way."

We stare down each other for a bit. Before Vicky tsks and uncrosses her arms as the bell rings.

"Fine, you win." She concedes, leaning to one hip. "What's up?"

"There's a bitch named Ashley." I admit. "She's taken to making my days, difficult."

"Difficult how?" Vicky asks with a raised brow.

"Snide comments, smacking my books out of my hands." I say awkwardly, not wanting to admit I haven't dealt with it on my own. "And my stuff is now missing from my locker."

"Okay yeah, I can see why not telling Kitsu is a good idea." Vicky says softly as the halls clear. "She'd probably beat the crap out of the girl and heal her so no one would find out."

"That seems, oddly specific." I remark with a worried look.

"Just the first thing to come to mind." Vicky says as she turns towards the office and starts walking.

"Why was that the first thing you think of?" I ask as I jog to catch up to her.

"I'unno." She shrugs. "Brains are weird."

On that we can agree.

.

.

Virgil "Static Shock" Hawkins POV

.

'So the tyke's getting bullied?' I think to myself as I push off the wall of the corner I was leaning on. 'She's got one thing right. Kitsu would go ballistic if she found out.'

Which, since she ain't a hero no more. Any powers against civilians can be taken as Villainous acts. And put a dot on her head.

'Well you know what they say.' I think to myself as I head to Chem. 'Secrets ruin friendships.'

.

.

-Boardwalk, Thursday, Sep 16th, 2pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"And my streams are picking up in popularity." I hum as I sip my mango smoothie. Kicking my legs happily as I ignore the world at large.

"I noticed that." Invisiline says as she scrolls through her phone.

I'm hanging out with Invisiline/Violet, Chris, Jenny and Crystal. All on patrol of course.

"I wish I could just play video games and make money." Chris mutters.

Hold it!

"It is not that easy." I laugh with a roll of my eyes. "First of all you need to be good at networking. And good at keeping up with social media, not just one platform either. You also need to keep your viewers engaged with the knowledge that later viewers won't have the context of what chat is saying. And find new and innovative ways of keeping your viewers entertained."

Jenny looks up as she seems to be thinking to herself. Doing that drawing in the air with your finger thing as she bobs her head. Eventually shrugging and nodding.

"It still doesn't seem that hard." Chris shrugs.

'Ooh, I'm about to slap reality into this guy.' I think with a smile.

"I don't like that smile." Chris mutters.

.

.

-Dallon House, 4pm-

.

.

"Alright chatters!" I say as I boot up the stream. "I got a special guest for you gremlins."

I really can't choose what to call my fans. So, I'm just tossing out names until one sticks.

"We got a guy who thought that what I do is easy." I cross my arms before stepping aside and allowing Chris into view. Fully geared up and treating this as a PR stunt. "Say hello to Kid Win! He's going to be doing the stream today."

Don't ask how I got permission to do this.

I sit on my bed and just watch as Chris starts off strong.

"So as you know by the introduction, I'm Kid Win and I'll be here. Providing you guys entertainment." He says before sitting down and booting up a game without even addressing the chatters.

I want to say something. But, as Sun Tsu once said. Never stop your enemy from making a mistake. Or, in this case. Don't coach the guy on how to do your job, when you're proving a point about how your job isn't easy.

"What do you, hang on, wait slow down!" Chris starts fumbling in the middle of a TF2 match after finally noticing the chat.

I'm keeping my eyes on it through my phone. And it's mostly complaints about me not being here. And about how he's not talking! He's not looking at the chat, he's locked into the game. And he overall is failing to talk to the screen like it's a live audience.

"Wait, I know I'm, damnit!" He curses as he gets sniped while trying to scroll through the chat.

He didn't even set up properly. His headset isn't in and isn't connected to the game. So he can't hear his teammates.

Overall? I have a feeling this'll go up on epic fails later.

"Alright guest star." I say as I get up and move to the chair. "You're making me look bad."

"What? Hey!" He says as I geab the back of the chair and spin it around.

I can't have him tanking my viewership. The only reason I'm allowed to do this as opposed to furthering my education and going to school full time, is because it's earning me money. And proving to be an actually viable career.

"Hey, woah!" Chris cries out as I lift him up and move him out of my chair.

Taking my seat back, I set up the headset and make sure everything is recording properly. In about ten minutes, I'm back into the game as I see my viewers double in number.

Looking to Chris. I stick my tongue out as he stubbornly crosses his arms.

"You have more practice." He whines.

"You should really see someone for that copium addiction you're suffering from." I smirk.

Life's been good lately.

.

.

-Central District, Saturday, Sep 18th, 1pm-

.

.

Jason "Charybdis" Moores POV

.

"Drive the van Jason. It's the easiest part of the job Jason." I mock as I speed through an intersection.

"Would you rather be out here fighting?" Gary asks from the passenger seat. "Take a right."

One of his clones is on the roof of the car. Giving us a relay as to what's going on behind us.

"Kinda!" I admit as I feel my heart race. "Shit!" I curse as I swerve out of the way of a passing car.

"Jason if you don't shut the fuck up I'll have one of my summons fuck you!" Fiona shouts from the back of the car.

"That's hot." Sam teases, which gets him a slap from Fiona. Not that it hurts him. "Take a joke Fi."

"Fuck!" Gary curses. "We got capes!"

"Which ones?" I ask as I make a hard right.

"Looks like Dauntless, Falcon, and Velocity- are you using your turn signals?" Gary relays before his outburst.

"Um, maybe?" I say awkwardly as I realize I have been using my turn signals the whole time.

"Fuck it, you get on the roof and deal with the heroes." Gary says as he reaches over me and unlocks the driver side door. Allowing me to unbuckle and carefully swap with him as I climb out and hang on the side of the van.

Looking back to the score of heroes following us. I take a breath as I fall back to my acting. Grateful that my goggles and bandana hide my nervousness.

"All this for us!?" I shout as I hang onto the side of the van. Sweeping my arm out in front of me as I give a hearty laugh. "I'm touched!"

Velocity makes his way next to me. But remembering the dossier that Scarecrow had wrote up, I know he can't do much with how fast he must be running.

I give him a small nod as I hold out my palm. Forming a small whirlwind. Causing him to back off as I form another on my leg. And another on the other leg that spins counter.

"Don't you fucking dare!" Gary says from the roof of the van. Or, rather his clone says.

"Can't hear you!" I shout back before I jump off the van and let the winds cushion my fall, using them to skate around as they pick up speed.

At this speed, I need to be careful. One wrong move and I go splat.

"You dumbass!" Gary shouts. "You're gonna get yourself killed! Also we're turning left!"

'Good to know.' I think to myself, as I keep going forward. Even as the turn signal shines right. 'Probably to fuck with the cops.'

Heading straight as some of the cops follow me while the rest keep up the chase with the others. I skate around on the swirling winds I have under me. Swerving right into oncoming traffic. Losing the car chasers, but not the foot chaser.

"You just don't give up do you?" I ask the red suited speedster.

He, of course, doesn't say anything. Probably can't hear me. Swerving right as I dodge another car, my heart stops and I go on autopilot as I meet a car that was switching lanes.

I feel something in me take over as I force the winds under me to rage stronger. Shooting me upwards and over the car as I now have a mini tornado under me.

'Fuck it! This works.' I think as I lean forward and keep my pace up. The cars that I pass over, swerving under the force of the strong winds.

Keeping an ear and an eye out. I spot the intersection I know Gary'll need to pass. And sure enough, I hear the sirens as I approach, and see the van round a corner. Dodging traffic as it swerves with Gary on top of the car, still hanging on.

Timing is everything here. My winds are too strong to let near the van. So, I'll need to fall.

'Take a breath, calm down.' I steel myself. 'Drop.'

The roaring winds come to an abrupt stop as I cut them off. Causing me to freefall forward as aim to land on the roof of the van.

"Fuck!" I curse as I hit the roof of the van with a thud. Feeling something break as I fail to roll.

"You absolute moronic fuckwit!" Gary cusses me out as he grabs onto me, keeping me from rolling over the edge as I grab one of the roof rails.

I try to pull myself up, but whatever broke hurts like a bitch!

"Ah!" I cry out in pain. "Stop stop stop!"

'Fuck, this isn't good.' I think to myself as I hang off the side and try to focus through the adrenaline and pain in my gut.

Giving a sad laugh out of stress. I look to the chasing heroes. And see Miss Militia join the chase on her bike, followed by Armsmaster.

"We're fucked." I realize out loud.

"What!?" Gary asks, not having heard me over the sound of the wind as we race trough the streets.

Looking up, my eyes widen as I see Falcon swoop down.

Throwing an arm up, I toss a small whirlwind at him, throwing him off course and forcing him to pull back as the wind disperses.

"Ah!" I cry out and hold my side with the arm not hanging onto the van. Probably having bruised something as well when I hit the van's roof.

The van skids as Gary One makes a sharp turn into a side alley.

"Ugh I'm gonna puke!" I say as I swing with the van before slamming into the side. Feeling myself get light headed from the swing.

"Ja-Charybdis!" Gary two calls out. "Hang on! Scylla's getting one of her summons!"

"We don't have time!" I call back, knowing it'll take at least a minute. "We need, to buy time!"

Gary knows as well as I do, we don't have that luxury. And his silence on the matter is telling. With more and more heroes piling up after us.

'If we get caught, Scarecrow will kill Melanie.' I think as I hold my side and grit my teeth. 'No, he'll let her die. Slowly and painfully.'

How did it all come to this? Being the errand boys for the Merchants. We just wanted some control in life! Was that so bad? We weren't even hurting anyone.

'Fuck Scarecrow, fuck this mission, fuck this city, fuck this pain!' I curse as I realize it's all or nothing.

We can't wait for Fiona, Sam can't do much here and neither can Gary. I'm the only one.

"Fuck me." I sigh as I let go of the van and call on my whirlwinds.

I ignore Gary's shouts as I start calling on my winds, pulling on every ounce of power left in me. Not easy, my whirlwinds are slow to build, but get stronger with time. With the base acting as a good shield and fall cushion.

Though, normally I have to hold them back.

Sirens and horns blare as I lag behind. A weird mix of pain and adrenaline keeping me focused as I grit my teeth. Yet pain and fatigue trying to force me into passing out as the wind screams in my ears.

I just need to focus. Clockwise, left leg. Counter, right. Faster, faster. I'm catching up.

We swing back onto the main roads. And by my count, we're still over half a minute to get the weakest of Fiona's summons.

'They're heroes, you'll get arrested and spend some time behind bars.' I think to convince myself.

"This is gonna suck." I say as my headache grows and my heart starts racing. And, I let go of the van's rails.

"JASON!" Gary shouts.

Letting go of my side. I hold both hands together and summon another whirlwind. Pushing everything I've been holding back, into it. I normally have to hold them back, the winds just, want to go wild. So I can't keep any one whirlwind up for too long. Otherwise I fear I might cause Hurricane Katrina two. Windy booga-fuck-you.

"Here we go!" I shout as I let all three combine and grow. Tossing and grabbing everything around me as the whirlwind grows and grows as I lock into place. "Let's see how big this baby can get!"

.

.

Sam "Falcon" Wilson POV

.

"Shit!" I curse as I'm flung away and caught in the growing tornado.

Reports were wrong! He's supposed to be a striker and a mover, not a shaker!

"Falcon! Update!" I hear MM's voice over my comms as my suit's HUD goes haywire trying to flight correct.

"Trapped in the vortex!" I shout as I ragdoll, and get hit in the gut by a lamppost. "Can't make, heads or tails!"

Is the last thing I say before I slam through a window and get tossed through an office. People screaming as I retract my wings to avoid killing anyone.

My military training kicks me into autopilot as I get up immediately and duck behind a corner. Moving without thinking because I still can't tell left from right.

"Never, mind." I groan as I let the vertigo fade. "That ain't no normal wind! It's got something funky to it. Probably, spatial manipulation." I relay as my sensors reorient themselves. I've been in a tornado before, my systems can handle it and not bug out.

Standing up, I look around as the room is torn apart from the winds. The people having fled already sometime between me crashing and catching my breath.

"Alert, Shaker protocol level Five is now in effect." Armsmaster calls. "All local law enforcement is to leave immediately. Capes are to stay mobile, move in pairs or groups. Do not rely on cover."

"Everbody out!" I shout as I run into the halls. "East wing exit only! Move move move!"

I step to the side as the horde of people rush past down the beige halls. My heart pounding in my ears as I realize, these people aren't going to make it. Not all of them.

'Don't think about that now.' I tell myself. 'Take out the threat. As long as Charybdis is active, they're in danger."

Running through the halls, I beeline for a room on the opposite end of the building. Breaking through into an office that's already been cleared, and charging for the windows.

'Systems check!' I think as I look through my HUD. 'All systems operational.'

Diving out the window, I extend the wings and fly up. Turning around I circle back to the growing whirlwind.

"Sitrep!" I call out.

"Case is going FUBAR!" Assault responds as I circle around. "No one knew Charybdis was a shaker, and we don't have any way of getting to him. Even bullets get swept up in the winds."

I curse the situation as I get a bird's eye view. The tornado seems to have taken the block. And doesn't seem to be spreading anymore. But it's slowly ripping up the buildings and street itself.

Flying directly over head, I get an, admittedly very dumb idea.

"Alright!" I call back. "I got a plan, but none of you are gonna like it!"

"Then don't do it." Armsmaster says.

"That's rich coming from, oh shit!" Assault says before turning off his comms.

"You know how the eye of the storm is calm?" I say as I upturn and fly straight up.

"That is a grossly misleading fact. Hurricanes have eyes, tornadoes do not." Armsmaster says. "Even then, knowledge on natural phenomenon should not be applied here as-"

"Anyone ever tell you that you talk too much?" I say as I cut my comms off and stall my flight.

Looking down, I take a breath and let myself fall. Entering a nosedive as I pray this works.

Diving into the center, I fan out my wings to slow down as I tackle Charybdis mid fall. The winds underneath us slowing our descent as I regain control of my flight. Before the winds suddenly slow and come to an abrupt stop. The debris and damage flying out with the winds now gone.

We hit the street in a dead stop. And I get up, putting my knee on the man's back to keep him from moving.

It only takes a second before the stuff picked up by the tornado starts crashing. Like a bubble that got popped and splashes soap. Only instead of soap, it's cars and concrete.

"Mmm." Charybdis groans.

"Why!?" I ask as I pull out a pair of cuffs. "It was just a chase! And look at all this! Was robbing a pharmacy really worth this, do you know how many are dead because of you!?"

"So long, as, Melanie, Gary, Fi, Sam." He pants out incoherently as his breath comes out fast and short, making alarm bells start to go off in my head. "Safe, stay safe. Needed, time. Time, Melanie, running, time."

Turning him on his back, he doesn't even grunt as I move to check his pulse in his neck.

"One two three four." I count quickly, and notice his chest moving fast. "Heavy breathing, rapid pulse, incoherent speech."

I move lower, and rip his blue camo shirt open. Revealing his abdomen to be a sickly purple.

"Shit!" I curse.

"You, don't, need blind, fold, me." He pants.

Moving lower, I rip open his pant leg. Revealing pale, pasty white skin turning a shade of blue.

"Thermals." I call out. My HUD switching to thermal vision as I see his body temp spiking a fever in his upper body, but dropping in his lower.

"Arterial tear." I say out loud.

He's hemorrhaging. Bad. And the signs are all pointing to an internally severed artery.

He's dying.

"Did, they, get away?" He asks. "My friends."

'He just killed an unknown number of people.' I tell myself. 'He's dying.'

Still.

"Hey, yeah." I say as I grab his hand. "They got away. They're long gone. You, you got them away. Really pulled one over on us."

Nobody deserves to die alone. Nobody.

We're silent as sirens can be heard in the background. The local emergency response showing up to help those, who can be helped.

"I'm sorry." Charybdis says. "I never, wanted to hurt-" He stops, his arm going slack.

I check his pulse. It's still there, but it's fading.

"Damn." I curse the situation.

"Language!"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Because a LOT of people asked for it.

Mortal Kombat X

Peace and Order DLC

Glory Girl

Firebreather

Vista

Clockblocker

Miss Militia

Legend

Static Shock

Kitsu

Dauntless

Shadow Stalker

Pinky

Shielder

.

Dialogue

.

Erron Black: Got quite a bounty on your head.

Kitsu: Are people still trying to put hits out on me?

Erron Black: Hey, don't blame me, I'm just the delivery boy.

.

Kitsu: I hate dealing with ice powers.

Sub Zero: Then take solace, as this will not be long.

Kitsu: No, I suppose it won't.

.

Vista: Get over here!

Scorpion: Are you mocking me!?

Vista: No, my wife told me to say that.

.

Glory Girl: Time to stop the clock!

Clockblocker: Hey! No, jokes are my thing!

Glory Girl: Agreed, seeing as it's all you are.

.

Shielder: We always knew it'd come to this.

Shadow Stalker: What, with me kicking ass?

Shielder: With you in cuffs, or a body bag.

.

Pinky: Make love, not war?

Vista: I'm a happily married woman!

Pinky: Not like that! Like, oh forget it.

.

Johnny Cage: You know I'm something of a celebrity myself!

Dauntless: I don't do this for the fame.

Johnny Cage: Sure you don't.

.

Static Shock: It don't have to be this way Clock!

Clockblocker: Maybe, but it do be this way.

Static Shock: You just can't take anything serious.

.

Kitsu: Ooh! Can I get your autograph?!

Johnny Cage: A fan eh? Sure thing, I'll sign it on your grave.

Kitsu: You clearly don't know me.

.

Kitsu: We have a lot in common actually!

Cassie Cage: How on any of the earths are we alike?

Kitsu: We're both blonde second gen killers with booming socials.

.

Firebreather: Heads up, stay away from my girl.

Reptile: Is that supposed to scare me warmblood?

Firebreather: No, it's to save you a broken hip.

.

Ermak: We hear the other inside you.

Kitsu: Yeah, I can't get them to shut up.

Ermak: We shall set them free, and add you to us!

.

Sub Zero: A kitsune? I thought your kind a myth.

Kitsu: Your rival is an undead flaming skeleton man and you find me surprising?

Sub Zero: The world holds many mysteries.

.

Static Shock: It's about time I brought you in.

Kitsu: Not before I get that autograph!

Static Shock: You're still on about that?

.

Shielder: So we really have to do this?

Pinky: We could always-

Shielder: No! Let's just fight.

.

Shadow Stalker: Great, now I gotta fight this bitch.

Jackie Briggs: Um, this bitch about to put a bitch over her knee!

Shadow Stalker: Try it!

.

Vista: You could always surrender, save yourself the charge for resisting arrest.

Scorpion: Your laws are meaningless to me!

Vista: Let the record show I tried de-escalation.

.

Legend: This can still end peacefully!

Kitsu: But I'm bored!

Legend: That's what I was afraid of.

.

Glory Girl: Admit it, you have this coming.

Kitsu: Is this because I stole your foundation?

Glory Girl: You what!?

.

Nitara: You will make fine breeding stock!

Firebreather: Why do I keep hearing that?

Nitara: Enough delay!

.

Kitsu: Is this about the guy I killed last week?

Vista: Yes! You need to stop!

Kitsu: He had a kill order though!

.

Fatalities

Kitsu:

Tantalizing bloom: Kitsu uses an illusionary glowing crescent to slice open the opponent's stomach and then pulls out a few seeds from her pocket that she drops in the wound. And watches as vines grow in and throughout the opponents. Ripping through their body and poking out to bloom red glowing flowers. (Green when it's Reptile)

Double vision: Kitsu winks before disappearing into a swirl of Luna Moths that blow past and cut the opponent. Where the try to cover their face and look up to find two Kitsu's. With each grabbing an arm and pulling the opponent apart, before high fiving each other and disappearing into a swarm of Luna Moths.

Feral Fox Failure: Kitsu grits her teeth as her eyes turn red and she starts glitching out. Charging at the opponent as an error screen appears on the monitor while the sounds of murder are heard. Before Kitsu grabs the error screen and tosses it behind her, moving the camera to the side and hiding the gore she left as she smiles at the camera.

Any fatality performed on Kitsu, pans out to show her in the audience texting on her phone. Using an illusion to leave the fight as she got bored.

.

Glory Girl:

Pankration: Glory Girl shoves her thumbs in the opponents eyes and twists their head off.

Split the difference: Glory Girl grabs the opponents arms and plants her fleet on their chest. Then pulls and rips their arms off. Knocking them over, she then grabs their ankles, plants a foot on their crotch, and pulls their legs off.

Sweet and simple: Glory Girl calmly walks up to the opponent, grabs them by collar, and throws them up into the air. She then checks her phone and counts to three, where she throws her arm out in time to take the opponents head off as they splat on the ground.

.

Firebreather:

Rage against the machine: Firebreather grabs the opponent by the neck and uses his fist to cave their face in before shoving his fist in their chest and ripping their heart out. Crushing it in his hands as he lets them fall.

Great balls of fire: Firebreather ignites the floor, catching the opponent on fire as walks closer and grabs their shoulders, opens his mouth and burns their face off with a cone of fire.

Forgot the name of the song: Firebreather grabs the opponent and flies up. Throwing them up in the air and firing a beam of fire that goes straight through their chest. Before they fall back down where he grabs them and pulls them apart at the hole he made in them.

.

Pinky:

Love you to death: Pinky hugs the opponent as she secrets a potent acid. Melting the opponent in her arms.

Sweet and sour: Pinky splashes acid on the opponents knees, forcing them to their knees where she holds her hand above the opponents head and pours acid in their mout.

Basic bitch: Pinky gets into a slap fest where ever slap melts off a little more of the person's skin.

.

Clockblocker:

Running out of time: Clockblocker throws dirt out in front of him, locking the dirt in place around the person's head before he walks up and empties a water bottle, freezing the water as it hits their face, suffocating them.

Big hand, little hand: Clockblocker throws out two lines of string and turns around, grabs the opponent and throws them into the string. Slicing them apart at the neck and waist.

Clocked out: Clockblocker takes a knife, freezes it in the air, and grabs the opponent. Forcing their mouth open as he runs them into the blade, and then shoves them down, bisecting their head.

.

.

A/N

.

FOR KITSU!

.

A Dancing Leaf: Have you ever had to deal with fleas due to your fur?

Kitsu: Nope! Fleas need to be able to bite me to feed off me. And I'm indestructible.

.

Grimnosh: Can you use your immovable mid jump?

Kitsu: Nope! I need to be relatively still for at least a moment to activate it.

.

Nuclear Cat: have you ever asked [Conduit] for an inside peek of their biology/technology/biotech/body in order to learn more for your bio kinesis? And if not why?

Kitsu: One, they're fourth dimensional and even thinking about what I remember of their body gives me a headache, two, I learn by doing, not by seeing.

FOR NEWB!

.

.

As always

Gimme all da comments! They fuel me!

.

Find me in newb's-grotto at the discord!

.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro

Has no one noticed the countdown?
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Alduinian, copsoutside and 128 others
Newb to the game
Oct 12, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 75 Did you notice? New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Oct 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#699
A/N Did you notice?

Alt title: Times up.

.

.

So yeah, no one, and I mean NO ONE noticed the countdown.

In the last three chapters. The Alt title, Was

3

2

1

And no caught on to the fact it was a countdown. I even added a thing at the very end of the last chapter asking anyone saw it.

Oh well.

.

D3Diton: Sup?

RadChaos897: I think it's Gawr Gura who calls her fans shrimps. And like Kitsu said, she hasn't decided on what to call her fans yet. She's honestly thinking of calling them Floofers.

Kitsu sleeps on her side and curls up like a fox. If she has a blanket, then all that is visible are her ears that poke through. She occasionally give out a hmph, or click of her tongue in her sleep.

As for Jason, who said Kitsu was there?

Kitsu's not the only little girl to call out poor language.

Ahh, dead meat reference. And the Pankration is meant to be short and simple. That's what pankration is, a brutal ancient greek martial art that basically said, "No biting, no gouging, beat your opponent."

GideonBlackthorn: Virgil is being sabotaged by his shard. He sees Kitsu as one of the things he became a hero to stop. Corruption.

She killed Maureen, and suffered no backlash. Partially because of her power and influence. And that is something he cannot stand.

He doesn't know Maureen was on drugs, and he doesn't she was manipulated by Scarecrow. And he certainly doesn't know about the shard's influence.

Grimnosh: Static Shock is smarter than Armsy. He knows how to play the game and not get burned, when he's thinking straight of course.

recon100035: Now I just gotta come up with Brutalities.

Gogmazios: You're welcome!

goduckyourself321: Thank you!

worldcrafter11: How do you mean?

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Dallon House, Sunday, Sep 19th, 12pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Well how the heck am I supposed to help?" I ask over the phone as lay on the couch.

"Aren't you an expert in this sort of thing?" Missy asks.

"I'm an expert in hiding, running, and messing with people." I say as I turn to my side and grab the TV remote, flipping through channels.

Turns out, Falcon and Charybdis went missing. And the crash site of Charybdis' tornado is way too wrecked to gather evidence from. Like, trying to pull a needle out of an underwater haystack.

"You tracked down Sophia when we needed to find her." Missy points out.

"Sophia had a known and well established modus operandi." I counter as I put SpongeBob on. "I'm sorry, but if your guys can't find anything then I'm not much better."

Missy is silent on the other end as I think of something.

"Wait, what do the detectives know?" I ask curiously, because if they do know something, I might be able to help.

"Ummm." Missy doesn't give an immediate answer. And the stalling leads me to a rather, funny conclusion.

"Missy, is someone being naughty and going behind her superior's backs?" I say in a teasing voice.

…

She hung up.

"Eh." I shrug and pocket my phone.

Heroes and villains die and go missing all the time. The fact that it's two at the same time, means almost nothing. For all that happened, it could be that Charybdis and Falcon got splattered in the tornado and they just haven't found the bodies yet.

I know it sounds callous, but that's how it is.

"Kitsu." I hear Mom shout from the dining room. "What's this charge for ten padlocks and a gallon of super glue from Home Depot?"

.

.

-Warehouse Hideout, Sunday, Sep 19th, 2pm-

.

.

Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane POV

.

And with that, I've nearly perfected it.

A widespread, aerosolized fear toxin. One canister, with the power to spread across a third of the city. My final failsafe against any would be usurpers.

Or a final retaliation against any who'd see me harmed.

"Scarecrow!" The most recent test of my patience screams as she bursts into my lab.

"What have I said." I say in a low tone as I turn to face the wannabe master. "About interrupting my work?"

She's pale, eyes sunken and hair wiry. It could be stress, the knowledge that at any moment her lifeline could stop. Or the guilt of being the hostage to force her friends into working for me.

That, or it's the long term effects of the venom in her system.

"Fuck you!" She shouts as she marches towards me. Rolling my eyes at her hysteria, I draw my gun and aim it at her.

She doesn't stop, and steps right up to me. My gun being pressed to her forehead as I hold a hand out. Grabbing her by her neck and stopping her from advancing any further.

"Do you have a death wish?" I ask, genuinely curious as to where this stupidity is coming from.

"No, I just know you won't do anything to me." She spits out. "You wouldn't dare harm your-"

I bring the pistol back and smack her across the face. Knocking her to the ground with a strangled cry.

"Think again." I say as I cock the gun and put her in her place. "You're just a convenience to me. I can always grab another of your friends, or their families to use as a hostage."

"Bullshit!" She spits some blood out onto the floor before looking up to me. "You can't do that, we'd need friends and family for that! And news flash jackass, we're all orphans!"

I, didn't actually know that. Though, it hardly changes things. She's not suicidal, and it's not like-

"Melanie!" I hear the voice of Scylla call out from further in the warehouse.

"I see what this is." I chuckle, amused at the play she's going for. "Nicely played. But-"

"What the hell!" Geryon shouts as he, or rather one of him enters the doorway and sees Circe on the ground with a gash in her face. "You piece of shit we had a deal."

'This is getting to be far more of a headache than it's worth.' I think tiredly as more of the group filters in behind the man. The only missing member being Charybdis who disappeared after the other day's police chase.

"We agreed I'd keep her alive." I sigh, ignoring the indignant glares of the former independents. "Besides, she attacked me! I don't need to explain how that'd go, do I?"

"Jason is dead you piece of shit!" Circe cries from the floor.

'Jason, which one was that again?' I try to remember.

"Who?" I ask, uninterested.

"Charybdis!" She shouts.

"Oh right." I tsks. "The moron too idiotic to realize he named himself after a girl."

That gets under her skin something fierce as she lunges at me. Only to earn another hit to the face with the pistol. Smacking her into the work table and leaving a large gouge in the side of her face.

It's not a moment afterwards that one of the Geryon clones tackles me. Leading to a tangle of limbs as I end up on top of him and aim the gun to his head. He can clone himself, so I can afford to remove this one.

Pulling the trigger, I end the clone's life only to have Lernaen, the three eyed lizard man Case 53 of the lot, grab my wrist soon after. Ripping the gun from my hand and putting their other clawed hand around my throat. Lifting me up off the ground as they snarl at me.

"Did you forget?" I choke out with a smirk. "I die, she dies."

The snarl fades from the three eyed lizard's face. Settling into a glare as they realize their error. And I smile in triumph as their grip loosens.

Everyone has a tie, an anchor to this world. Something they refuse to risk. And for them? It's their friendship.

"You're right." Circe says, earning our attention.

We all, me, Lernaen and Scylla, turn to face Circe. Who had grabbed the gun in the panic. And now has it aimed at her own head. Tears rolling down her pale face as she shakily holds the firearm to her temple with both hands.

"Mel, hey, what's going on?" Scylla asks calmly as she steps closer.

"He's right!" She chuckles. "He dies, I die. But, if I die, so too does he!"

'Oh you have got to be kidding me!' I think with mild exasperation. 'This trope? Can they get any more cliché?'

"Mels, put the gun down." Scylla says as she holds her arms out. "You're just upset, that's it. We can-"

"James is dead!" Her voice cracks as I see she's serious. "I just watched Gary die! Again!" She cries.

"Melanie we can-" Lernaen starts.

"No!" She shouts hoarsely. "No, this ends one of three ways. He uses you all until you die, I die as he gets rid of you. Or, I die, and save all of you from him."

I discretely adjust the release mechanisms in my gloves. Preparing myself to fight my way out of here. Seeing that the novice is about to pull a kamikaze on me.

"Melanie, we don't know that James is dead." Scylla says, causing the girl to shake her head and cry more. "He's just missing! If you kill yourself he'll blame himself and-"

"I just, I can't see another one of you die. I'm sorry, I love you guys." Circe says before pulling the trigger, blowing her brains out against my freshly sterilized wall.

'I just cleaned that!' I complain as Circe's body hits the floor. And Scylla falls to her knees screaming.

Lernaen turns back to me, a fire in their eyes as I release the muscle enhancer gas in my mask. Giving me a boost in strength as I plant my feet on his chest and push him off me.

"Well, looks like your internship is over." I say as I grab a few canisters behind me, including the citywide fear toxin. "How's about we save everyone the trouble and skip the exit interview?"

"I'll kill you!" Lernaen roars as they dig their claws into their palms and throw green, acidic blood at me.

Jumping out of the way. I dive over the dead Circe and grab the gun. Aiming it at the still crying Scylla, I fire. Only for Lernaen to intercept. Taking the bullet and charging at me.

They football tackle me through the wall of my room in the warehouse. Exposing us to the rest of the Merchants all looking on as Lernaen pins me down and opens their mouth, viper fangs extending as they lunge down and go for the bite. Only to eat steel as I hold the gun between us.

"Help me!" I yell to the drugged up lackeys, and it doesn't take long for one of them to tackle Lernaen off me.

Rolling in the opposite direction, I get to my feet as Lernaen tosses the lackey to the side. Others pulling out guns, aiming at the lizardman and firing. Only for it to prove nothing more than a nuisance as Lernaen holds his arms up to protect his face as he starts breathing out a green gas while running blindly into a series of shelves and crates.

My mask's sensors pick up on the gas he's breathing. Tinting my lenses as he passes me. But I have no way of knowing what he's breathing out.

It's around this time that one of Scylla's beasts charges out of my former lab and starts attacking the men. Looking like an aquatic, prehistoric hyena with teal, purple and green colors. It's the medium summon, but it's more than enough to tear into my men and shred them to pieces as it absorbs the shots.

Knowing a losing battle when I see it. I turn and run. Ducking behind a storage crate as the beast tosses the upper half of a man in my direction. Counting to three, I realize it isn't targeting me, and continue running for the exit as the chaos behind me grows.

Making it outside to an alley, I take off my mask and pocket it. Opening my trench coat and fastening up the buttons on my shirt. Going from hobo world war two chemist, to average man in a long coat walking through the slums. Huffing out a breath as I calmly walk away from the chaos.

Double checking my pockets, I make sure I have everything essential. Including the fear toxin.

"Well, that could've gone better." I sigh as I head to where I park my van, opening my burner phone to dial the PRT and report the disturbance.

"I think it went rather well." I hear a calm, confident voice say from behind me. "Though I agree it could've been a bit more, flashy."

Turning around, I spot a man with a long face and hair similar to mine. Well combed, if a tad messy. And a shaven beard. White button up, and black slacks.

"You certainly have a talent for sowing chaos, I'll give you that." He says as he pulls out a knife and starts twirling it in his hand.

.

.

-East Slums, Monday, Sep 20th, 7am-

.

.

Touya "Hellfire" Todoroki POV

.

"Five hundred fifty, five hundred seventy." I count the bank notes as I lean on the counter of the convenience store. "That it? Come on man, I got a quota to meet."

"Th-that's all I swear!" The man stutters as he holds his hands up. "Most p-people are switching to credit or debit nowadays!"

Leaning back further, I see the register is empty. Save for the pocket change.

"Damn, guess you're right." I sigh as I realize I'm not beating Decay this time. "Oh well, thanks for the cash."

I push off the counter and stuff the bills into my backpack. Honoring my deal to the man. He stayed quiet, didn't call the cops, I'd let him live.

Can't say the same for the other three idiots who tried to run or get on their phones. Shame, burned corpses really ruin the atmosphere.

"Oh, you should probably clean those up." I say, turning around and pointing to said cadavers. "Y'know, don't want them scaring off any customers. Cheers!" I give a salute as I exit the door, only to bump into a red hooded girl.

"Whoops, my bad." I say as I throw my own hood up. Not wanting to freak the girl into calling the cops. Burn scars and all that.

"Oh, m-my bad." She stutters shyly. "I-I-I was j-just, I-I, a-are you um. I was, l-looking for someone."

'She's clearly jittery.' I note suspiciously. 'Something has her set off, but what?'

"Do you, need help looking for them?" I ask, my curiosity piqued.

"N-no, I know, where they are." She says in a low tone. "I, was just, just working up the courage. I, haven't seen them, i-in a while."

"I see." I nod, not understanding her one bit. "Well, I wish you luck in that."

"Th-thank you." She tucks her face further from view, not that I could see it before. "Y-you're very kind."

"Eh, what can I say?" I shrug as I glance back at the convenience store, before looking back to her. "You caught me in a good mood."

"Th-that's good." She mumbles. "I suppose. I-if that's it, I-I need to go."

"Yeah, so do I." I say and step around her. "Good luck and all that."

I take a few steps and look behind me. Seeing her go into the store I just walked out of, I decide to do her a service and speak up.

"Oh! I wouldn't go in there if I were you!" I shout to her.

"W-why not?" I barely hear her ask.

"You might not like the smell!" I call back.

She looks to the store, then to me. And shakes her head softly.

"Smells don't bother me." She says, having lost her stutter before heading into the store.

"Eh, suit yourself." I say mostly to myself as I shrug and turn around. Heading on my merry way back to the hideout we stole from Hookwolf.

I nearly shit myself, eyes wide as I hear an explosion in the background. Turning back around, I watch with mouth slightly ajar as the convenience store I just stepped out of is now up in flames.

…

"Nope." I say and turn around, making my way back to the hideout.

Bullet dodged as far as I'm concerned. No need to see what gun it came from.

.

.

-Arcadia High, Monday, Sep 20th, 9am-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"Work already damnit!" Ashley bangs on her locker.

She apparently forgot her combination and is not taking it with the best of grace. Screaming at the locker as everyone snickers at her.

And I'm no better. Seeing this as amazing karma.

If it wasn't for the faraday cage, I imagine people would be recording this. I know I'd be very tempted to do it as well.

.

.

-History class-

.

.

"Fess up twerp!" Ashley slams her fist on the table as she leers over me.

"Excuse me?" I ask as I look around the room.

"You are most certainly not excused." She bobs her head before pulling her history book out of her bag. "You know what you did!"

'This, is this her attempt at playing the victim?' I think to myself as I lean back from the psycho. 'I know she got ISS the other day.'

Criminals do it often enough during arrests. Is, is this her doing the same? She got caught bullying and is now making it my problem?

"I don't-" I start to say before she grabs the back and cover of the history book and tears it open with a crack. Clear specks flaking from the torn and ripped pages.

I just stare at the desecrated and crusty book. Looking back to the older, red faced girl. Not really understanding what's going on. I give a concerned look as she throws the book back down on my desk.

"I know you're the one doing all this crap." She accuses. "First my locker, my makeup going missing, now my books? Is this revenge?"

"Hey!" Vergil says as he steps up. "Cool it lady."

"My name is Ashley." She sneers at my fellow Ward in disguise.

"And I didn't ask." He quips, walking up to my desk and grabbing the book, shoving it to her as he pushes her back. Making space between the two of us that he fills to act as shield.

"Um, excuse you!" She scoffs.

"You're excused." He says before waving his hand. "Now shoo."

"You did not just-" She starts before the teacher finally enters the room.

"Sorry about that kids I had, what's going on here?" Mr. Midgley asks as he sets his books down and looks up.

Ashley wastes no time in giving her side of the story first. Turning to the teacher and pointing to me.

"This little girl super glued my books together and this, boy is butting in where he doesn't belong." She says.

'Okay, bad choice of words on her part.' I think to myself as Virgil, gives no reaction other than a roll of his eyes as he crosses his arms.

"Uh huh." Mr. Midgley says as he looks around the room.

Dennis, Virgil and Carlos warned me that he has eyes better than a hawk. And is super perceptive. Like Sherlock Holmes levels of perceptive.

"Okay then." He says after a few seconds. "Virgil, back to your seat, Missy, stay where you are, Ashley, head to the library and pick up a spare while you get that sorted out with the office."

"What!?" Ashley pipes up indignantly as Virgil does as he's told. "But she-"

"Now, Ashley." Mr. Midgley says as he opens his own book and starts writing on the board. "Unless you want to go in with the class, without a book. You sort this out with the principal later, but my class is not the place for student drama."

Ashley is quiet for a bit longer. Before huffing and walking through the row of desks to the door and leaving. As soon as she does-

"Sir." Garret raises his hand. "Don't you have extra's in the supply closet?" He points to the metal cabinet in the back of the room.

Mr. Midgley turns around to the cabinet and raises a brow.

"How forgetful of me." He says and turns back to the board. "Turn your books to page fifty six."

.

.

-Gym class-

.

.

"Yeah it's just been one thing after another." Ashley sighs on the other side of the lockers as we all get dressed.

And of course, looking in my locker, I see my gym clothes are missing. Again.

Slamming the locker closed. I head out of the locker room, ignoring the girl's chuckle as I'm forced to take a tardy for gym class again.

Talking to coach Hussman, he lets me just sit on the bleachers and watch as the rest do the exercises while he writes up a form for me to get a set of replacement gym clothes.

Sighing to myself. I watch as most of the others halfheartedly do the exercises. With a select few taking it seriously as they progress to running laps.

My eyes grow wide as, well, I can see where her confidence comes from. Ashley I mean. She had, a bit of a wardrobe malfunction. Seeing as, her gym clothes just fell apart halfway through the laps. Leaving her in her green bra and panties. She's a year older, and is already much more filled out than me. With a chest that matches my girlfriend's and, I don't get to focus on much else as she bolts to the locker room.

I look away out of shame. I should not enjoy looking at other girls. Especially not when they're being humiliated, and not when I have a girlfriend!

I hear Ashley crying as she storms off back into the locker room. And, I'll admit. I felt way too good hearing her cry.

Does, does that make me a bad person?

And what happened to her clothes?

.

.

-Next day, 8am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"What the hell!?" Ashley cries out as she tries to open her locker. Actual tears running down her face. "Come on!"

Did you know pad locks are cheap? And they're very easy to break. For someone with super strength anyway.

Vergil had let it slip that Missy, is not only going to Arcadia. But has a bully! I don't blame her for not telling me we go to the same school. Secret identity and all that.

But she has a bully, and I'm not aware? For shame, on Ashley. She wants to mess with my girl? Let's see who does it better. Because I believe, more than anything, in an eye for an eye, and in poetic irony. Break into my girl's locker? I switch your locks.

Smack her books out of her hands? I glue your books together. Steal her gym clothes? I remove the connector threads of yours.

Spoiler alert. When it comes to messing with someone else, I do it better.

"Argh!" She shouts, hitting her locker.

"Need help?" I ask in my best innocent little girl voice #3.

"Hmm?" She sighs, looking over and down.

"Hi!" I say with a smile. "I'm Kitsu!"

"Oh!" She says, brushing her hair behind her ear and recomposing herself. "Um, sure! I'm Ashley by the way."

This is, pretty normal now. I'm basically the face of case 53's and until recently, New Wave as well. So more often than not, when I run into someone. They already know of me.

"Nice to meet you!" I say and hold out my hand to shake hers. "Your hair is very pretty!"

"Thank you!" She blushes and gives a winning smile. "Your eyes are gorgeous."

"Stop!" I hold my cheeks in an exaggerated manner. "You'll make me blush!"

It's around this time that the bell rings and everyone starts heading to class. Snapping 'us' out of our antics.

"Oh crud." She says and moves back to her locker. "Um, can you please? My lock keeps messing up."

"Sure!" I say and illusion a stepstool to reach her locker. "I only have history in the morning so I'm not going anywhere. After this I'm just heading home."

"Oh thank goodness." She says calmly as I grab her lock. "I'd hate to get you in trouble."

'Damn you are one two faced bitch.' I think as I yank the padlock open.

"Here you go!" I say and hand her said lock as the locker opens. "If you need a new one you-"

I stop as her locker swings open and something pink smacks the top of my head before bouncing off and landing on the floor.

Looking down. There's a moment's pause before I scream as I see the large, pink dildo on the floor.

'Eww!' I scream internally.

"Pervert!" I scream as I run away from her and whine in disgust. "Aaahahahahaha it touched me! Ahhh!"

This of course gets several people rushing into the halls to see what's going on. And no doubt see the little girl running from the girl with a dildo.

"No wait! It's not even-" I don't hear anymore as I run out of the school and run home to wash my hair, not knowing where all that thing has been. Rushing to get out of the place.

Rushing inside my house. I keep up the whining as I rush past Mom and into the bathroom, where I undress and start washing my hair.

"Kitsu!" Mom shouts as she knocks on the bathroom door. "What the hell is going on!?"

"It touched me!" I whine as I frantically wash my hair.

"What touched you!?" Mom shouts, now sounding far more demanding.

.

.

-Arcadia High, Lunchtime-

.

.

Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon POV

.

"Damn." I whistle as Megan finishes telling me what happened to the Ashley girl that was messing with Missy.

"I know right?" Ellie says while failing to hide a grin. "I mean, we all have our thing. But we don't bring it to school."

"I bring mine to school." I grin as I rest my head on my hand and look to Dean.

"Hmm?" He asks between bites of his salad. And I just wiggle my brows at him, causing him to raise his in confusion.

"Forget it." I sigh as I turn back to my friends. "Where is she now?"

"Oh!" Megan perks up with a grin that is way too wide. "That's the best part. You know the girl that helped her get her locker open? It was Kitsu!"

"What?" Missy spits her food out, having pretended to not be paying attention to the conversation.

"Oh that's right!" Ellie says as she grins knowingly at Missy. "You got a crush on the foxy girl don't you?"

"W-what I, um, that's, not entirely true." Missy trails off with a blush as she looks back to her food.

'If only you knew how close you were to the truth.' I think to myself.

I'm half convinced that Ellie actually knows and is just cheesing. And half unsure and think she's just mindlessly teasing the new girl.

"Uh huh, sure." Ellie smirks. "You know, wait it out a bit and you might have a chance with her."

"What is that supposed to mean?" Missy asks with a glare.

"Oh now you're interested?" Ellie smirks again. And again Missy looks back to her food. "Mhmm. I'm just saying, opposites attract sure. But Kitsu and Vista are way too different. I mean, Vista is basically a miniature police officer. Professional and cordial. I can see it as a, I can fix her, sort of thing. And as a hero couple, they were cute. But Kitsu isn't even a hero anymore!"

Missy doesn't say anything. And just keeps eating her food.

"I agree honestly." Megan pipes up. "I mean, if anything, I think her and Kid Win would make a good couple."

"Pffffttttt!" Chris voices all of our thoughts as he starts choking. Even Virgil dropped his fork.

Dennis slaps him on the back, getting the food out of him. And Chris immediately snaps his head to us.

"The fuck?" Chris's voice cracks.

"Yeah Meg, that was a bit out of pocket." Ellie says with a grimace.

"I'm just saying, cute ball of chaos and cute nerdy boy?" Meg puts her hands up in her own defense. "What more do you want? They'd be adorable."

"Can we not ship my sister?" I ask tiredly. "Especially not with me here?"

"Oh so now she's your sister?" Ellie latches onto the least important thing I said. "Didn't you call her a Disney Villain? Just a few months ago?"

"That's not important right now." I deflect quickly. "What is, is you not shipping the people I have to see on an almost daily basis. Now, what happened to Ashley? Did Kitsu kill her?"

"I mean, socially maybe." Megan scoffs. "No, your mom showed up an hour later. Got Ashley pulled into the office."

"Damn." I say with wide eyes knowing mom does not play around when she gets involved.

.

.

-Principal's office-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"But it wasn't mine!" Ashley whines, tears streaming down her red face as she slaps her legs.

"Then how'd it get into your locker?" The on staff security guard asks. "The only people with access to your locker are you, and the staff. The camera's show you as the only one to get into your locker since yesterday when you had a lock change."

"Because my lock wouldn't open." She contests. "And I don't even do those kinds of things!"

"Ashley we both know that's a lie." Her mother hisses, causing the girl's face to get redder.

"Hold up!" Her mom speaks up as she puts a hand on her daughter's shoulder. "How would she even get something like that? Don't you need to be eighteen or older to buy them?"

"No actually." The security guard says. "You can be any age to buy adult paraphernalia so long as it's not videos or magazines."

That gets all of us to turn to the potbellied man in a grey button up. Causing an awkward silence to grow in the room as he gains a small blush.

"Moving on." He says with a stern glare.

"Ehem." The principal coughs into her fist to gain our attention. "He's right. Ashley, all of the evidence points to this being on you."

"But!"

"I'm not done." The school principal raises a finger. "After the bullying incident, this is your second strike. It is clearly stated in the student handbook that items of a sexual nature not pertaining to hygiene are strictly prohibited."

"It wasn't mine!" She ugly cries, her face red as she slaps her thighs again in frustration. "I don't get why you don't believe me!"

I, don't personally believe her. I think this is her getting caught and in trouble, and lying her ass off. How do I know?

Because I didn't do it. That whole spot of me getting a freaking dildo to the head was unplanned. And very unwanted.

"Then where did it come from Ms. Handerson?" The principal asks with open eye, oh really now? Look. "We don't have teleporters in the school. And the camera's never glitched out. So where did it come from?"

Mom slowly gives me a side eye. And just shake my head.

"I don't know!" She cries. "But it's not mine! I've never even seen it before!"

"Ashley you need to stop lying this instant. You're just getting yourself into more trouble." Her mom whispers.

"I'm not!" She screeches.

"Just like you didn't lie the last time?" The principal asks with a raised brow.

"That was different!" She huffs, starting to hyperventilate.

"How?" The principal asks as she locks her fingers together.

"I didn't know you had cameras!" She says.

"That has to be the worst defense I've ever heard." I whisper.

"You'd be surprised." Mom whispers back. "Also, we're having a talk about the locks later."

Yeah I figured.

.

.

-Later that day, Biron House-

.

Rebecca Biron POV

.

Rummaging through my drawer, I get more and more irritated as I can't find it. Moving to my underwear drawer, wondering if I just misplaced it. I still can't find it.

"Where the fuck did I put it?" I wonder out loud, before remembering the teen girl in the house. "MISSY!" I shout.

"What!?" She shouts back.

"Don't what me! Get over here!" I tell my daughter, and in about two seconds she warps herself to my bedroom door.

"Yeah?" She asks as she leans on the doorframe.

"Did you get into my stuff?" I ask seriously.

"Um, no." She huffs.

"Don't lie to me little girl." I warn her.

"I'm not." She huffs. "And I'm not a little girl!"

"You're little so long as you live in this house! And you will not give me attitude!" I warn her. "Now did you take my stuff or not?"

"I didn't!" She lies.

"Grounded, go to your room." I send her away.

"What? Why!?" She yells.

"Lower your tone little lady!" I tell her. "And you're grounded until you return what you stole, after you wash it!"

"What are you even talking about!?" Her voice cracks.

"My toys!" I get mad at having to spell it out.

"What toys are you-" Missy starts to shout before blushing and running off. "Eeeeeeewwwww! You're disgusting!"

'Huh, maybe she didn't take them?' I think to myself, before remembering my daughter is a lesbian and would have no need for a dildo.

"I'm losing my fucking mind." I pinch the bridge of my nose. "I need a vacation."

.

.

-The Rig, Thursday, Sep 23rd, 1:20pm-

.

.

Hana "Miss Militia" POV

.

"And we found a family of five skinned alive near Winslow." Armsmaster surmises. "The wife and daughter, half eaten."

This, has been a grim summer. With the human trafficking rings, the announcement of the Brockton Games. The Teeth now in Brockton Bay. Scarecrow's ascension to leader of The Merchants. New Wave growing, then getting targeted. Twice. The inclusion of outside heroes with one of them AWOL due to a vendetta against Regent and his father.

And now this.

"And Falcon, Charybdis, and Night and Fog have gone missing." Assault says sadly as he crosses his arms and leans back. "No trace, nothing."

"And twelve people dead in the warehouses on the north end." Armsmaster sighs. "All in different states of, mutilation. It, looked like one of their games."

The room is silent in contemplation. The deep horror being set upon us all as we realize the situation. With everything that's been going on, it would've been too easy for them to sneak into the city.

We're all brought from our introspection as Piggot gets a call.

Answering the phone on her desk. She waits for a few moments before slamming the phone back down with a sneer on her face.

"Carnage was busted out of prison transport." She says. "Just an hour ago."

.

.

-Meanwhile, Outside the Dallon House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"And I got ghosted!" I vent to Vicky over the phone.

"Damn, sorry to hear that Keets." Vicky says sympathetically.

I was supposed to have a date with Missy today! It was going to be on the ferry, where we'd have privacy so she could lose the mask.

But I got there, and waited. And waited. And called, and waited, and called, and left.

"Maybe, I'unno, maybe she got grounded or something?" I suggest hopefully as I walk up to the house and notice two, three, four smells that should not be here.

"Um, yeah that's it." Vicky suggests weakly. "Missy did something bad."

Yes, I'm aware I'm coping. But I'm focused in the unknown smells at my FUCKING DOOR!

"Yeah, um, Vicky." I say cautiously as I put a hand on the doorknob. "Stay quiet, stay on the line. Mute yourself."

I put the phone on speaker and in my front pocket before opening the door.

"Sissy!" My heart stops as I enter the house and see the girl in a blue, bloody dress. Barely taller than me. "I missed you so much!"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Bad ending

.

.

Lisa Wilbourne POV

.

"Keep it moving Taylor." I whisper.

Whispering is ineffective. If subject is close enough to catch you-

'I know! It makes me feel better so shut up!'

My power decides to play nice for once. Dining not to add any snark as I help Taylor onto the roof.

"Is this really a good idea?" Taylor asks as she looks around nervously.

Taylor is scared. Taylor doesn't want to die.

'I know that!' I think to my power as I hope it rains soon.

"She prefers ground and mid altitude parkour." I reassure my final teammate. "We should be safe here."

"Okay." She says uncertainly as she looks around, stopping as she looks out at the city.

I do as well. Taking in the surreal sight. Not five months ago, this was a normal city. Or, at least as normal as a parahuman filled city can get.

Then, Leviathan hit. And one person, one person who shouldn't have died, did.

Flashbang.

Now the city is half flooded, half covered in the most bizarro otherworldly plants their ever was to exist. Glowing, hallucinogenic, carnivorous, aphrodisiacal you name it! It's like a fantasy enchanted forest dystopia.

I, don't want to talk about what happened with the last one. But, she finds it funny when people lose themselves to whatever is present. Be it fear, lust, delusion, hunger. We're toys to her.

"It's so, weird." Taylor says as she walks to the edge of the roof and sits down. "Not even a year ago, and my biggest worry was whether or not a car was going to hit me on the way to school."

Taylor is venting. Taylor still has attraction to Lisa after the-

'We agreed not to talk about it!' I remind my power.

"I, understand what you mean." I say as I stand behind her. "I mean, a year ago I was busy thinking of the best way to get Alec to clean up after himself. Now, now he and Reiko are with her."

Alec really is a self serving sociopath. I always knew it, but a small part of me wanted to believe he wouldn't sell us out. Even while a large part of me knew he would. And that Reiko would follow him.

"How, what do we do?" She asks. "Where do we go from here?"

…

The city's got a large plant wall surrounding it, and the bay has a wall of jellyfish that only lets fish in and out.

"I don't know." I answer as the sunsets and the plants start glowing various shades. From light blues, to pinks, to ethereal purples.

It looks so pretty, if not for how unpredictable it is down there.

.

.

Bonus 2

.

.

Kitsu (prototype/beta version)

.

.

PRT Database

Dossier

.

Kitsu

A-class

Sex: Female

Gender Identity: Female

Sexual orientation: Heterosexual (Claims to be bi-curious)

Relationships: Is primarily a ward of the state of Massachusetts but maintains a close, almost parental bond with PRT capes Assault and Battery.

Age: 11-14, generally claims to be twelve, first appeared on May 11th, 2005, Boston.

Height: 4ft

Weight: 30-40lbs

Ethnicity: N/A, Appears Caucasian/Latino mixed.

Hair Color: teal at the root fading to emerald green at the tips.

Eye Color: Turquoise, Blue-Green

Unusual Features/Markings: Case 53, blue/green scales on her forearms, hips, cheeks, temples and patterned on her back. Avian clawed feet and large wings in place of typical arms. Wings are structured like a bat, but have feathers in various shades of green, blue, purple and red. A two foot long, green, scaly whip like tail. Serpentine pupils. Her jaw is dislocateable and her upper canine teeth are replaced with retractable fangs that house a mild numbing venom.

Classification:

Mover: 8 (Flight, super speed)

Brute/Breaker: 8 (High regeneration and self biokinesis)

Thinker: 4 (Has inconsistent "memories" of events she has no part in.)

Striker: 12 (Self biokinesis, and touch based biokinesis to manipulate others.)

Blaster: 6 (uses self biokinesis in very creative ways)

Changer: 4 (Self biokinesis)

Stranger: 2 (Likes to camouflage herself into corners.)

.

Personal profile

Is highly energetic and cheerful though shows signs of mild sociopathy. Desires attention at all times and has made herself the mascot of the East Northeast Wards as a result. Performing concerts and building a social media following. She enjoys pranking on site staff and overall talking. Is a victim of the Slaughterhouse 9 and carries trauma from the event. Most notably automatonophobia and agoraphobia. Preferring not to deal with capes that have expressionless masks, and preferring more closed spaces.

After her recovery after the events aforementioned, she developed a close relationship to Assault and Battery. And has at times, called them Dad and Mom respectively, but denies it whenever called out.

She likes chocolate, scented candles, video games, blankets and romance books.

.

.

A/N

For those wondering. Missy lied.

Missy stole her mom's dildo and used her powers to warp the lockers just outside of the camera's view. And stuff the dildo inside Ashley's locker.

…

Kitsu is a bad influence on Missy.

That and her shard.

.

Also, fun fact!

This Scarecrow, is gay. It just never came up, because it has no impact on the story whatsoever.

.

I'm thinking of making a spinoff of this with the Prototype Kitsu.

.

Questions!

For Kitsu!

.

For NEWB!

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
Last edited: Oct 20, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, Alduinian and 129 others
Newb to the game
Oct 20, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 76 Darkest Hour New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Nov 28, 2024
Add bookmark
#770
A/N Darkest Hour

Alt title: Choose Your Family

.

.

worldcrafter11: See, I would, and maybe one day I will make a catalogue of all the non-Worm capes. But, that would take way more time than I have patience for. Because I would have to reread everything.

Mangouschase: Yeah, I intended to make a scene later on that revealed he was gay, but it literally never came up. So, I just added it at the end.

And really? That's how it should be. His sexuality in this story never came up, because it never mattered to what he was doing or what was going on around him. Unlike Kitsu who is understandably figuring herself out in a chaotic point in her life. Heck, Kitsu still isn't sure if she's bi, or is straight and just doesn't want to lose Missy's affection.

Lorra Dru Zod: I'm thinking of making a fic with the Beta version of Kitsu. Name it something like, Happy Harpy Days.

GideonBlackthorn: There's a reason Missy wasn't answering her phone.

RadChaos897: To answer your question, The Nine are the same as canon. And, I'm unlikely to do much in the way of the Nine's interaction with other capes. If I did, then this arc may very well extend to triple its word length.

Bradlysteak: Kitsu is traumatized of the Nine. Mostly Manniquin and Jack. The others, she scared of, but not worried about. Except Bonesaw, she's very worried about what that little psycho can do.

And Kitsu doe not want more tails. It takes an hour just to clean her one. She loves her tail, but would not willingly take on another due to how troublesome it is to maintain.

BlitizSlash: Someone's gonna die!

Dieselfuel: Yes they are, very interesting.

Gogmazios: You're welcome.

Grimnosh: Yes, this is it. Kitsu is in the end stretch.

Also, I know how a faraday cage works, but Missy doesn't. She was told no signals in or out, so she assumes that means personal devices don't work. If she looked around, she's notice the other students were recording.

cassnova5424: The [Broadcast] is nudging Jack to find Kitsu in the first place. It sensed [Conduit] when Kitsu first triggered.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Warehouse Hideout, Sunday, Sep 19th, 2:30pm-

.

.

Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane POV

.

"Well, that could've gone better." I sigh as I head to where I park my van, opening my burner phone to dial the PRT and report the disturbance.

"I think it went rather well." I hear a calm, confident voice say from behind me. "Though I agree it could've been a bit more, flashy."

Turning around, I spot a man with a long face and hair similar to mine. Well combed, if a tad messy. And a shaven beard. White button up, and black slacks.

"You certainly have a talent for sowing chaos, I'll give you that." He says as he pulls out a knife and starts twirling it in his hand.

'Thin form, casual demeanor. Belt of knives and a purposefully unkempt hair style.' I mentally note as I take in his appearance.

"Jack Slash, before my very eyes." I say calmly as I keep my hands in my pockets. Fingering my mini canisters of gas.

He smiles easily and shrugs. The knife angled up as he does so.

"Seems more and more people know of me an my deeds these days." He says wistfully. "Guess that's to be expected with infamy."

"Naturally." I nod, keeping a cool head as I scan my vision for the other serial killers here. "You've been around. Heck, last I heard you were in Tennessee."

"That was a few weeks ago. Been looking out for a certain someone. But, that's neither here nor there at the moment." He says as he starts tossing the knife and pacing to the left. "And you can stop looking around, tis just I here."

He gives a knowing grin as he stops after about ten steps. And pivots on his heels to face me once more.

"If the others aren't with you." I think out loud. "Then you're here for something. You have a goal, but what is it?"

'Something's not right.' I feel a twinge in the back of my mind.

"You are a sharp one." He grins before slashing his knife, and I jump to the side out of instinct. Pulling my gun and aiming it at the grinning man. "Oh don't be like that. Just a bit of tire slashing. Nothing to get all antsy over."

Looking back, I see he did indeed slash my tires. His power broadcasting his slashes across distances.

'This isn't how you'd normally act!' I feel the small nudge in the back of my mind again. Before shaking it away.

Now's not the time to be distracted.

"So, you're here for me." I put together.

"Bingo!" He snaps his fingers and points at me. "See, we got a vacancy in our ranks. Can't really be The Slaughterhouse Nine with only Eight members."

"So this is an invitation." I surmise.

"Eh, close. See, we already have a ninth member." He gives an awkward smile, so casual, like he's explaining he got the wrong pizza. "She's already passed all but two of our tests. Well, three technically. It has been five years."

'Five years, tests, who on earth could he be talking about?' I think. 'Has to be in the city, female, needs to be a parahuman, likely someone new otherwise the nine would've been here sooner. So, a female cape who recently arrived in the bay, has had her powers for at least five years.'

That narrows it down to, three. No four, Pinky, Gully, Kitsu, and Jessica Jones.

"Well, anyway. Here's how it goes." Jack begins again. "See, our newest member is already chosen. But she might flee the city. In which case we need an understudy! And I've chosen you for the audition!"

My eyes widen as I understand who he's talking about. She's many things, erratic, chaotic, unstable, and is best known for escaping every attempt to confine her.

"My candidates get to choose their own trial." Jack continues to explain. "So while the rest are completing the trials in order, you will be busy completing a trial you choose for yourself. Afterwards, you go through the other's trials."

It goes without saying that if I pick something easy. I fail, and failure means death.

"So, how about it?" He asks. "Wow me, man without a brain."

…

"Oz, really?" I deadpan, and he just shrugs with a hum. "Alright, I'll play your game. How about this, I have to cause as much chaos in the city using nothing but my gasses."

"Too easy-"

"And I can only use my gas three times." I finish, making him pause. "You and me, see who can cause more mayhem. You and the nine, or me and three uses of my power."

He blinks a few times. A wide, sincere grin forming on his face as he chuckles.

"You, you could have chose anything to make your test easy." He says as he holds his gut. "And you chose, a competition of chaos, against all of us? And with a handicap!?"

"The only thing you can't do, is anything that would inform them of my trial." I add. "So as not to tip the scales of course. This is to see if I match the nine at their most natural."

He slowly stops chuckling. Leveling a sidelong stare and mischief filled smirk at me. Just when I think he might attack, he speaks.

"So you do get a handicap." He says as he flips his knife back into his belt. "Alright, I like it. Sounds like a plan! You have until our recruit accepts her position, or another understudy passes the rest of the trials."

'Why do I feel like fighting him would've been easier?' I find myself wondering. 'He has a single striker power, I have ten hallucinogenic gas canisters on me. And three are paralytic.'

Not that it matters now anyway.

"Well then, I should get to work." I say as I turn and look for a car to hotwire.

'Why didn't I just kill him?' I ask myself.

.

.

-East Slums, Tuesday, Sep 21st, 11am-

.

.

Touya "Hellfire" Todoroki POV

.

"Let's see here." I say to myself as I count the cash in the wallet.

Next to me, slumped against the wall of the alley. Is the guy the wallet belonged to. Not that there's anything really left of him to tell who he was.

"No, I suppose his teeth are still intact." I think out loud as I pocket the two hundred bucks he had. And toss the wallet onto his burnt corpse. "Eh, might as well make it easy on the detective."

"How considerate of you." I hear behind and above me.

"Hmm?" I hum as I turn to the side, putting the kaleidoscope of a dress in my sights. As well as the hottie wearing it.

And with the angle, let me tell you. Ain't no way she's got anything underneath unless it's a string thong.

"And just where are you looking?" She asks, a slight bite in her voice as she descends, but stays just a head above me.

"You obviously." I say with a light tone. "Sorry 'bout that, got a bit awestruck."

That seems to make her day. A small, prideful smile forming on her resting bitch face. Showing just the kind of person I'm dealing with.

Not that I don't know, this is clearly Shatterbird. Makes sense, I just ran pass Burnscar yesterday. So the nine are in town. The question is-

"Never thought I'd run into two of the nine in one week." I remark as I put my hands in my pockets.

"Eight, as of now." She says as she returns to her stoic expression.

'So that's why I'm not dead.' I think to myself, mildly amused at the circumstance.

"Slaughterhouse Eight doesn't really have the same ring." I remark as I face her, leveling a glare at the shaker. "Now, I really hope you're not here for the reason I think you are. Cuz lady, I already have my loyalties."

She smirks. A self assured, confident smirk. The kind that really pisses me off. Makes my blood boil as it reminds me of my old man.

"And what if I said I was?" She says challengingly.

Feeling my flames roar out of my right side, the heat painful and nearly unbearable.

For most.

"Then I'd say you have a ten second head start." I say.

"Beautiful answer." She says sarcastically. "If it makes you feel better, you weren't my first choice. But he's unavailable."

"Nine."

"You can't honestly be serious?" She says, putting an arm under her bust to hold her other hand up as I count to eight. "You can kill me. But just know that killing one of us is an automatic admission. And you'll be tested by the others anyway."

"Seven."

"You won't be the only one we go after either." She says, not once losing her cool as I reach six. "After all, your loyalties are a tether we can't have."

"Three." I say as I pull my hands out of my pockets.

"You skipped a few." She remarks.

"You pissed me off." I say as I hold a hand up. "Two."

"Are you sure you want to do this, Touya?" She smiles as she cocks her head.

…

"Who told you?" I ask as I lower my hand.

"Let's be honest with ourselves here Touya, you're as cold as your fires are hot. You don't have loyalties, you have connections." She smirks before humming and floating off. "Think about the offer, we'll be seeing you on the roof of the Palanquin, Friday night."

She turns around and flies off. Leaving me to consider my options. And thinking on it, first thing's first.

Checking my pocket, I make sure my cash is untouched. Be a shame if I went through the process of mugging the man only to accidentally burn through the cash. Literally.

"Hmph." I scoff as I check and verify it's all there. I turn around and head back to where I was going.

Boss's gonna wanna know about this.

.

.

-Dallon House, Thursday, Sep 23rd, 1:30pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Sissy!" My heart stops as I enter the house and see the girl in a blue, bloody dress. Barely taller than me. "I missed you so much!"

'Why is she here?' I feel my mind reel as I flick my ears, searching for anymore voices or sounds. But aside from some clacking and whirring from the three spider droid, cyborg things. Nothing.

The car is here, Amy's not supposed to be at the hospital. Mom's at work.

Where are Dad and Amy?

"Aww!" The slightly taller Blonde coos. "You're speechless! That's so cute!"

"Wh-wh-what are y-you doing here?" I ask as my vision pulses, and I feel my blood pump in my ears.

"I'm here for you silly!" She giggles before puffing out her cheeks. "You've been a naughty girl! Running away like that this whole time. But that's okay! Because big sis is here to bring you back."

She, she's serious. They were recruiting me back then. Jack was trying to recruit me, the same way he recruited Bonesaw.

"You already passed Sibby and Mr. Jack's test when you won the game of tag." She starts counting on her hands. "Crawler gave a thumbs up when you beat Benny, and Manny gave you a pass after you triggered! Hatchet Face is, well he's dead now. And I don't know if Cherish counts for the tests since she wasn't a member when you were joining. Shatterbird just wants you to kill her nominee and you have a pass. Which really just leaves my test!"

"I never tried to join you!" I shout at her as I try to keep my legs from shaking. "And I'm not interested in your sick games! Where's my Dad!?"

I rush forward and grab her by the neck, choking her as, as, she isn't choking. Why isn't she choking?

"Hey!" She shouts and baps me on the head. "No! Bad! We don't attack family, let go now and I promise not to tell Mr. Jack."

Her cyborg spiders crawl over and on top of me, and I feel my rage and fear take over. Igniting my body and burning them as they get close.

As well as some of my clothes.

Quickly reabsorbing the fire. I snarl at the smiling girl.

"Tell me before I kill you!" I demand as I squeeze harder. Finally hearing a crack, she winces.

"Well now I don't want to." She huffs, puffing her cheeks out defiantly.

'How many would be saved, if I just popped her head like a zit?' I ask myself. 'But, who would die? If I don't let her live?'

"Rrrrr fine!" I push back and let go of her now bruised neck. "There, now tell me!"

"No!" She looks away.

"Why not!?" I demand to know.

"Because you were mean!" She shouts back. "And meanies don't get what they want."

"Well now you're being mean to me by not telling me." I counter, hoping to trip her up like I did five years ago. "And meanies don't get what they want, so I won't play your game!"

I cross my arms defiantly. Playing into the bratty little sister archetype she's envisioned me into.

"That's not fair!" She shouts up at me as she looks upset, like she wants to yell and cry. "Mrrmm fine! I'll tell you once you get off of me."

Resisting every urge to kill her here and now, I get up. And step back. Allowing her to get up and dust her dress off.

"Thank you." She nods, before crossing her arms and sticking her tongue out at me.

"You said you'd tell me where my Dad is." I growl, feeling myself start to do that glitchy thing again.

"Ooh!" She looks at me with wide eyes. "How do you do that? Is it more illusions or something else?"

'Vicky where the hell are you!?' I scream in my head as I think to the phone in my pocket. The one that's still on, and set to speaker mode.

I take a breath and calm down. Letting the glitchiness fade. And Bonesaw pouts at the loss of a show, before sighing as answers me.

"Fine, as your older sister I'll be the mature one." She upturns her nose. "I have to tell you anyway. It's part of my game after all!"

Hearing that, causes my heart to drop all over again. Looking at the girl as she proudly elaborates.

"See, I had to really think about this." She says. "See, you need to realize who your real family is! Not these people, you need to be with people who'll accept you as you are."

"They do." I grit my teeth.

"No they don't." Bonesaw laughs, an innocent, melodic giggle. "How many people have you killed? How many have you tortured? We've been following you Sissy!"

My gaze sharpens as I see what she's trying to do.

"Oh don't look so mad!" She whines, and stomps her foot daintily before sighing. "Anyway, there are three pods in the city. Each one has someone you've been living and playing family with. Mr. Dallon, PanPan and Vista!"

'That's why Missy wasn't answering her phone!' I realize, feeling a whirlwind of relief and guilt. Relieved she didn't ghost me. Guilty, that I'm relieved she was kidnapped as opposed to ignoring me.

"What do I have to do?" I ask as I feel my heart thud, my legs twitching and itching to move.

"Easy!" She smiles. "Beat Shatterbird's test, then Cherish's, then Burncar's. All before the other nominees." She says before leaning in like telling a secret. "But if you don't beat them first, don't worry. All you gotta do is pass and you're in!"

'But they still die.' I think in regards to my loved ones.

I have to beat three trials from the Slaughterhouse Nine to succeed and save my family. And my girlfriend.

"And after that, you can say goodbye and go on a road trip with the rest of us!" Bonesaw jumps up and cheers. "Oh! Before I forget, the trials start midnight on friday at the Palanquin. Oh! But you need to be there by eight so you know what to do!"

"Why-" I don't get to finish before Vicky smashes through the window and grabs the little girl, and then pivots back out. "About time!"

.

.

Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon POV

.

Holding up the murderous twelve year old by her neck. I dangle her fifty feet above the main intersection on fifth.

"Tell me where they are, or you die." I demand of the mini psychopath, well, other than the one who lives in my house.

"This again?" She has the gall to pout and cross her arms. "No!"

I throw a punch and feel the satisfying crunch of her nose breaking under my fist.

"Ahhh!" She cries out as blood flows from her nose, and she goes to hold her face. "Why-hiiiii! You bwobe my nobse!"

"I'll break your spine next you little bitch!" I yell.

"Meanie!" She shouts, some of the blood spurting out and hitting me.

I'm not gonna lie, her mannerisms, and her look, are just close enough to Kitsu's for this to be cathartic.

"You want to see mean?" I growl out and put more pressure on her throat, hearing it crunch. I'm about to panic over killing her, when she spits in my face.

"You're the bad influence on my little sister that Mr. Jack was talking about." She says before I, I, I, what was I doing?

"It's meanies like you that are the reason I fill myself with so many diseases." She keeps rambling as I see her nose stop bleeding.

'What, is, is she? Disease?' I try to think as my vision gets hazy, and I let go before falling as everything goes black.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Running out of the house and after the speeding cape. I watch the idiot slam a fist into the face of the biotinker.

I got a good look in her while I had her pinned. And she's loaded with diseases and parasites and fudge all. So I know, attacking her is a death sentence.

Heck, her kidneys have parasites that look like they cause prions to form. PRIONS!

Before I can jump up and stop her, I watch as what I predicted comes to pass. Vicky starts falling, and lets go of Bonesaw. With Vicky falling slump, and Bonesaw flailing.

Knowing Vicky will be okay with her shield, and Bonesaw bleeding more will just cause a reenactment of twenty eight days later. I run over and catch the flailing blonde as Vicky craters the intersection. Car horns blaring and people yelling all around us as I set the girl down and run over to Vicky. Place my hands on her and try to keep her alive. Fighting back against whatever's in her.

It's a virus, and It's replicating absurdly fast. It's already hijacked her dendritic cells and sending her body into an immune response overload. Forcing her body to cannibalize itself to fight off a disease that's feeding on immune response cells. Thinning her red blood cells and destroying their ability to clot. And the lining of her blood vessels is being eaten away at.

It won't be long before she hemorrhages.

It's been three minutes!

"Help her!" I yell at the Alice in Wonderland looking girl who just got done setting her nose back in place.

"Why should I?" She crosses her arms and turns away from me. Not bothering to wipe away the blood on her face. "She was very rude. And besides, she's clearly a bad influence on you. As your older sister it's my job to make sure these things are dealt with."

I'm giving myself whiplash as I enhance my perception and revert back in rapid succession. Trying to pay attention to something, anything she might say that could help me here. While also slowing down the virus and keeping Vicky alive.

It's in this frantic state, that I feel something. Just give out.

"Please big sis?" I hold back my anger and give her puppy dog eyes. Activating my love me power as she peeks over and locks eyes with me.

She then turns her back and huffs. Even while under the effects.

"This is for your own good!" She huffs and starts walking off.

'How, no wait. My power makes someone love me.' I think rapidly. 'But how much and in what way is always random. Does, does she actually love me, and see this as tough love?'

She genuinely sees this as being for my own good.

It's with that thought, that I turn to the pale teen. Purple bruising mottling her face and arms as her blood vessels give out and blood leaks under her skin.

I have to switch between repairing blood vessels, catching and killing infected macrophages before they reach apoptosis and spread more of the disease, repairing damaged organs, keeping the virus away from her brain.

Then, I realize it's not targeting anything but her immune system. And it's piggybacking on the white blood cells.

So, I shut her immune system off. And focus on killing everything inside her lymphatic system, before moving on.

Once that's done. I fix what I can, and reactivate her immune system. Being careful with the eyes, because if I mess up there then her immune system will kill her eyes.

She's good. And I'm exhausted. And, pissed.

"Wake up!" I slap her face, and get a punch in my face followed by two hands wrapped around my throat.

You know, I've come to terms with myself. If it were Missy doing this, and it were a little softer and less murder rage filled. I'd find this amusing, and treat it like a game.

"Knock it off!" I yell at Vicky and slap her again. "I did not just spend half an hour curing you of Turbo Mega Ebola-Syphilis, just for you to practice your Homer Simpson impression with me as Bart!"

"What?" She lets up her grasp, and I pull away.

I smack her again.

"Ahh!" She gasps and holds her jaw. "I'm awake, and I can think damnit!"

"I know!" I say and slap her again, and again as soon as her shield's back up. And again. "You idiot! She has Dad, and Amy, and Missy! What would you do if she had a deadman's switch, huh!?"

"Stop slapping me!" She grabs my hand and holds it back. "How was I supposed to know any of that!?"

"Think! Think Vicky think!" I yell as I yank my hand back and she stands up. "It's a roaming band of the most sadistic, psychopathic serial killers this side of the globe! You think they don't know what contingencies are?"

Vicky goes to say something, but is cut off by a speeding motorcycle that runs up to us and slides to a stop. The individual on the bike in question being Miss Militia.

I should probably mention we're still in the middle of the intersection. Surrounded by blood that is both Bonesaw's, and Vicky's that she was gargling up.

"Glory Girl, Kitsu." She says as she removes her helmet. "We got reports of an altercation with some, concerning details. What happened?"

"The nine are in town!" I shout with a stress filled smile. And, upon seeing the lack of an immediate reaction. "You knew, you knew!"

I run over and jump up. Grab her by the laurels of her military vest and pull her down to eye level. My own eyes turning red as I stare down her wide ones.

"You knew and didn't do anything about it!?" I yell, baring my teeth in anger.

"We had the peace of the wider public to think-" She doesn't continue as I throw her back into her bike, the vehicle falling over with a clatter under the force.

'Peace of the public?' I think as I turn around and pace. 'Peace!? Panic!? There are eight raving lunatics out in the city who get off on recreating Hellraiser! And they're concerned about people panicking?'

"Useless." I grab my head as it starts to itch with the amount of sweat I'm producing. "Useless useless useless useless!"

"Kitsu!" Vicky yells as she grabs my shoulder.

"No!" I scream and shove her off, causing her to get thrown back about twenty feet to the sidewalk as well. "No you don't get it! None of you get it! You're making all the wrong choices!"

Vicky straight up attacking Bonesaw, The PRT not announcing or addressing that the Nine are in the Bay. Me, for not doing anything to prevent this!

.

.

Hana "Miss Militia" POV

.

'She's having a panic attack.' I realize as I look at the crying girl, her hair a frizzled mess as her clothes are partially scorched. Holding her head as she paces and rambles off incoherently.

"All wrong!" She screams as she, sort of pixelates for a split second. "No! I won't! It can't, not before Leviathan. But then how will, what if the Warrior, no! Why!?"

Her speech is getting more panicked by the second. Voice cracks, half thought out sentences. And worse yet, random bursts of her enhanced voice.

'If we're not careful, we may see her have a full breakdown.' I realize.

The Endstopper Child on a panic fueled rampage. Someone who annihilated Eagleton on a whim.

'Let's try appealing to reason.' I think, not believing morals will help with her stress and emotions being so high. 'After that, appeal to emotion.'

"Kitsu!" I call out to her, but she doesn't respond. "Kitsu just think about, about how to handle this. How would you tell someone else to handle this?"

She doesn't say anything, and just crouches as she screams. A loud, ear splitting screech that makes me wince.

Looking up, I see an empty intersection. With her flower designed hearing aides on the ground. And the girl in question, gone.

Flipping on my tinkertech aviators, I switch to infrared and look around. Not finding anything out of place, I realize she fled entirely.

This, is not good.

.

.

-Roof of the Palanquin, Friday, Sep 24th, 7:45pm-

.

.

Shatterbird POV

.

'It's about time for the show to begin.' I think as I watch the candidates line up.

Siberian's nominee, Carnage.

Manniquin's nominee, Bakuda.

Cherish's Nominee, Regent.

My nominee, Hellfire.

Crawler and Burnscar opted not to participate this time. They still have their trials, but they didn't nominate anyone. Crawler didn't have anyone he particularly wanted, and Burnscar couldn't find hers. Jack's nominee has his own task that remains a secret. Knowing Jack and how he likes to keep us on our toes, it's probably to kill one of us.

And Bonesaw's ever absent nominee, Kitsu. Still yet to be seen. Again.

Oh well, she's not suited for the nine anyway. I keep telling the others, but they insist. Mostly Manniquin, Crawler, Bonesaw and Jack.

"Well, it would seem the majority of you are here." I say as I stand above the rest, my wings of glass keeping me held afloat. "So, this is how we will play this out. First, is my test. It's a simple one really, so you all should have no issue completing it. See, killing is simple to get away with when no one is looking. So my task, is to kill someone with more than a hundred witnesses."

The scarred and flesh burnt Hellfire raises his hand lazily.

"No, former kills don't count." I say and he lowers his hand back into his pocket. "This game is to see if you have what it takes. See if you can handle putting on the shows we do. We don't just let anyone into the Nine." I say and look towards the thin, curly haired Regent. Who was most certainly nominated because Cherish wanted to spite him. "The competition, starts at midnight when I announce the start of the game. Oh, and one more thing. You can't just kill some random nobody, you have to kill someone with a public face. A model, an actress, a priest. Hell, impress us and kill a cape."

I grin as I see the calculating look in some of there eyes. And Carnage raises his hand, a manic grin on his face.

"What if we kill you?" He asks with a grin. "Surely that'd be worth more points."

"Ha!" I give a sardonic laugh as I hum and fly up. Not even entertaining the notion with a proper response. "You have four hours to prepare. I suggest you use them well."

I hum and fly up as high as I can before turning towards the tallest building in the center of the city. The Towers apartment complex.

Landing on the top of the building. I relax, letting the stained glass fade from around my face. And just enjoy the wind whipping through my hair. I'm not concerned about being followed or watched. I can sense all the silica around me. And people these days just can't go without their phones.

"Now to wait." I sigh and sit down on the edge, overlooking the city. So serene and peaceful. Yet so chaotic and messy at the same time.

I hum soft tunes to myself, allowing the sand and glass around me to phase and shift. Making iridescent scenes as the stained glass is lit by the city lights below. A sharp aurora of blues, yellows, reds purples green and oranges.

'I should stop by a clothing store later.' I remark as a particularly crisp breeze blows by.

I don't usually wear clothes. They tend to get shredded when I use my power. And I'm not concerned about any upskirting peeping toms. They never live long enough to matter.

It's as I think that, that I lean back, and think of the one man I'd ever let approach me in such a manner.

He's such an enigma. So, suave and full of charisma. What masterful ideas swim through his head I wonder? He has a way about him that just, sees through everything. What does the world look like through his eyes I often wonder.

"How long must you make me wait Jack?" I sigh wistfully. "Do you intend to make me beg? Or do you not want to hurt my feelings, or maybe my torment is your goal?"

There's no way he doesn't know. Someone as smart as him, he knows.

Opening my eyes, I see the moon is high in the sky. Meaning it must be close to midnight. Not the most accurate measurement, but oh well. If they need to rely on my signal being exact then they're too picky.

Standing up, I begin humming. Floating out to be just above the nearby intersection. I unfurl my wings of glittered glass, and let out my song across the city.

In just a minute my song, Swan Song of the City, is done. And I sigh happily as I hear the applause of chaos that follows.

Cars, cries, crashes and sirens. Such a beautiful noise that-

"Agh!" I cry out as a weight hits my back and throws me forward.

"Anyone tell you you're tone deaf?" I hear a high pitched voice from behind me, as I'm mid air above the city.

Humming, I turn around and face the bitch that dared insult my voice. And my eyes narrow at the blonde little girl.

"If it isn't the little runaway." I taunt. "Here to beg for your daddy and little girlfriend? Well I might be inclined-"

I don't get any more out as I feel my jaw burn, and my vision spins. And everything goes dark.

…

"Guh!" I take a breath as I come to. Looking up into the red eyes of the fox girl. The night sky behind her.

"We're not done." She says with a sweet smile.

"If you want to know where they are, I won't tell you." I spit out spitefully.

I don't really care for her as a potential member. And I've nothing against her. So if giving her one of the hostages gets her off my back, so what? Bonesaw will just have to deal.

That is, until she disrespected me.

"Fine by me." She says and grabs my jaw. "Not what I'm here for anyway."

My heart skips a beat as the words reach my ears.

'Does she not care?' I wonder. 'Is she honestly about to give up on a chance at an easy out?'

Nit that I'd give it to her now. But the fact that she is so casually disregarding it, is unsettling.

"Wuh-" Is all I get out before she moves her fingers into my mouth and pulls. "Aaaaaaaaaah!"

It hurts! And I can hear my jaw popping as the muscles and skin on my face burn. The sound passing through as I feel the low and sharp clunk of my jaw dislocating. Before I scream harder as I feel my flesh tear as she yanks my lower jaw from my skull.

"I'm here, to complete your trial." Kitsu says, not once losing her smile. "Last I checked, someone famous, in front of more than one hundred witnesses."

She smiles as she grabs me by the hair, and I realize we're on the street. I try to say something, I'm not even sure what. But it comes out all gargled as I push globs of blood out of the hole that is my mouth.

"Now, let's go somewhere more appropriate." She says, and I'm dragged through the streets. Screaming as the asphalt scrapes away my dress of glass, and soon my skin.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Dragging her along the roads, I stop as we get to the populated market district. The people all panicking, with only a few of them stopping to see me and add to the panic as they point out the bloody, screaming woman in my grasp.

I calmly walk forward to the front of a Kay's Jewelers. The glass all around us trying to move as Shatterbird screams. Trying to sing without a jaw.

Interesting thing! She's a vial cape. How do I know?

[Interest: Moderate]

They're pretty chatty.

"Don't worry, you'll get what you want." I say, eager to see this through as I step up onto a bench.

"Hey!" I shout, enhancing my voice, getting some of the people's attention. "Look who I got!"

I hold up the half naked, kicking and screaming Arabic girl. Missing a jaw, and some skin from the road rash.

"Who knows who this, and they're fleeing." I sigh, and look to the fear filled eyes of the woman in my grasp. "Oh, I like that look."

"Huag." She gargles as tears streak down her face.

"Oh don't be like that." I coo as I stroke her face. "You won't be in pain too much longer. I have to kill you to complete your trial after all."

I grin widely at her frantic thrashing. And put a hand to her face.

"But first." I say as I look in, and find her Corona Gemma. Using my biokinesis, I isolate and pull it out, the woman spasming as her brain is moved around. Going wall eyed as her back arches and she inhales her own blood. And then, all the glass around us falls. Including the glass acting as her clothes.

I could've removed it without harming her. But I didn't want to.

I drop the brain damaged woman. And let her spasm and writhe on the ground as she's too impaired to comprehend her surroundings.

Looking to the brain piece in my hand, I let [Conduit] take over and analyze the shard gate. Memorizing its composition. It's about five minutes later that I return to the driver's seat. Hearing sirens in the distance, I turn on my heels and bolt. But not before stomping Shatterbird's head, from the side. Need her face intact to I.D. her after all.

I need to have a chat with the Undersiders, find out what's next in this game of death and destruction.

'Just, two more trials.' I think to myself. 'Besides, it's not like they have anything that can hurt me in these games! And I am following the rules.'

Not my fault she wouldn't answer my illusion of Carnage's question. He was there, he just never said anything. The question he asked was me layering an illusion over him.

Besides, if anything happens to them. Then I'll just kill them all. Slowly, painfully. I'll tie Jack down and make him watch a clock as a radio plays hits from the forties and fifties. Every tick of the clock, I'll drive a nail into another part.

I'll force Manton to watch as reels of family videos play with his daughter's face superimposed on all the images.

I'll-

"Don't get distracted." I tell myself as I think of what's at stake. "What's next?"

Cherish is Regent's sister. So they must know something. Not like I can get any deets on where to go next with the rejected extra from Phantom of The Opera.

She's a bit too dead now after all.

.

.

-Meanwhile, The Rig-

.

.

Director Emily Piggot POV

.

Ring

Ring

Zzt

Ring

The numerous buzzers and phones in my office go off as I stare at the computer on my desk. Flipping between various news screens. I already know what they're all about.

The Nine, are in the bay and they're recruiting. And it seems they chose their candidates. Hellfire, Carnage and Bakuda are openly murdering select people with no connection.

The chief of police is on Channel six, reading out his last will and testament. Tears on his face as he finishes, and pulls off his shirt to reveal a bomb.

The feed is cut soon after. And it doesn't take a genius to know what happened.

Velocity and Armsmaster were too late.

The next feed is of Carnage, giving a wide, needle toothed smile at a helicopter cam. Holding a woman by the ankle, one I recognize as the landlord of some major apartment chains in the slums.

He then extends a tendril out and bisects the woman from crotch to head. Her left half falling away as Carnage is tackled from the side by Sky High. Who is supposed to be off duty. But, I suppose his bad habits of pulling off duty patrols is a blessing in disguise.

I'd have preferably sent in New Wave, but they have their own issues. With Panacea and Flashbang kidnapped, Kitsu AWOL, and Glory Girl in quarantine for an autoimmune disorder that Kitsu accidentally gave her when fixing her.

Yes, Kitsu gave Victoria lupus by accident. And she's on immunosuppressant medication, hence the quarantine.

Switching the channel, I'm brought to the feed of Hellfire in the suburbs. And I pray that the capes called in make it on time.

.

.

Taylor Hebert POV

.

This is so fucked!

Dad's held over at work, with the docks back up and running. And the amount of paperwork handling all the workers pay, schedules, and a bunch of other stuff I just don't really care to know.

So, I'm spending the week with Emma.

Personally I think he's met someone. And doesn't want me to know.

Not important!

What is important, is how the house, the yard, and road is on fire as a tall, thin man wreathed in blue flames and wearing a black leather trench coat holds Emma up.

"Stop!" I scream as a wooden support beam keeps my leg trapped. "Please!"

"Sorry dollface." The man looks down with a pitying expression in his blue eyes. "Just don't close your eyes. Makes the rest of the memory more vivid, trust me."

"Why are you doing this?" Emma cries as he holds her up.

"You're recognizable sweetheart, saw your face on an ad outside a store." He says as the flames grow hotter and start to spread to the beam I'm trapped under. "So, I chose you."

"W-what?" She chokes out.

"See, I need to kill someone recognizable, but, I don't really pay attention to who's who if it don't mean anything to me." He shrugs as the police and firefighters show up. "So, I saw you on an ad for a clothing store, dialed the modeling agency, pretended to be a bigshot photographer and boom. Only took me an hour."

"Wh-why me?" She asks with a voice crack.

"Take me!" I scream as the police start shouting demands. Demands that go unheard. "Please!"

"No can do." He says as he looks out at the officers. "Damn, only forty eight. Alright! Any closer and they all die!" He shouts and the first responders start backing away. "That should do it."

He then looks up, and squints his eyes at the sky.

"I-I-If, you're willing." Emma starts shakily. "I-I, might have an, alternative."

'What?' I think to myself as I see my friend pull the side of her skirt down to expose a little bit of her hip. "Emma what are you doing!?"

"Huh?" The guy looks down in confusion. "What, um, look you're cute and all but I'm just waiting for more witnesses. Hell, if a cape shows up I'll let you go."

The searing heat and throbbing pain of my leg are all that keep my mind from blanking at his statement. And Emma is faring no better as her face goes red and she pulls her skirt back into place.

"Just kill me." She mutters with tears in her eyes.

"Hey, you're a cute gal." He tries to, reassure her? I think. "But you're like, thirteen?"

"Fifteen!" Emma shouts.

"That is not the issue here, Emma you're about to die!" I shout my throat hoarse.

"I was distracting him!" She shouts as she throws a kick to his groin.

'Oh, fuck yeah!' I think. Congratulating my friend's fast thinking. But when nothing happens, my heart drops further as my tears well up once more. 'Why?'

"Sorry, but I'm so burnt up there ain't nothing to cheapshot." He chuckles and looks up. "Still, not a bad take. And there's the news copter. Sorry, but this is it."

His flames roar up and Emma screams as I reach out into the flames to try and, do something! But this is it, there's nothing. No one is going to help us. We're alone and helpless.

[Initializing]

'What?'

My vision is consumed by the vastness of space. A being, no two. Intertwined, mingled, a pair. Bonded and mated for eternity. For however long it lasts them. They part, and promise to meet later.

…

Opening my eyes, I look up to see the man on the ground, shakily getting to his feet as Emma lays on the charred ground. Her face and side burnt, but I can see she's still breathing. My friend is still alive!

"Ugh, fuck!" The man says as he gets up. "Who triggered? Was it you?" He looks to Emma. "Nah." He then looks to me, and after a moment he raises a hand. "Hmm, sorry kid. But I can't let you walk with an unknown power."

Feeling my heart race, I close my eyes and find myself envisioning a nexus of interconnected nodes. One of them being right in front of me.

Running on instinct, I grab the node and take it. Or, I try. But, it's more like borrowing I guess? Like the node is attached by an unbreakable bungee cord. I can grab it and hold on, but it will eventually snap back.

"What the hell?" The man says and I open my eyes.

He's, just staring, still on fire. He brings his hand back in confusion as he cuts out his flame, and reignites it. But that's it, he doesn't do anything else.

And then I notice it, the feeling. I can feel the flames near me. But they're not hot, not like they were.

Wanting to get up, the flames move and burn the beam trapping my leg. And I spring up, fire roaring around me.

"Shit."

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

-The Birdcage-

.

.

Ivan "Ebon" Evans POV

.

"Bailiff of the unseelie." The Faerie Queen calls out.

"Yes, ma queen?" I ask, turning to the nutcase of a girl playing pretend.

"Follow." She turns around, and glides over to a section of the cell block's connection. We been have'n lotsa fights break out here. Lotsa dents in the walls, lotsa spots just out of camera view. But not enough to warrant a maintenance crew.

And seeing the gathered group of inmates, it aint hard to see what's going on.

"The faeries have communed with me." She says cryptically as always. "And they tell me the stages curtain is soon to fall. The darkest hour draws near, and it's time for a choice."

I say nothing as I let her ramble.

"I know your mind Bailiff, I know of your contempt for me." She says, turning an eye to me as my heart nearly stops. "You were wise to never voice your disloyalty, and for that you may have a respite. Offer your service a final time, and your punishment shall merely be exile from my service."

So, now's the time.

"Of course my queen." I say, not daring to show disrespect even though she knows my dislike for her. "Where to?"

She's quiet for a moment as I pull on the webway of shadows.

"To-"

.

.

Theresa "Dragon" Richter POV

.

ALERT!

ALERT!

ALERT!

All of my attention is brought to the repurposed house system that I had remodeled for the birdcage.

And I feel my heart sink as I look at the logs.

Last pulse scan, pinged 0.92 seconds ago, error, reping, 0.83 seconds ago, error, error, cycle shift ping initiated.

The house system cycles through the cell blocks. Pinging and checking for all inmates and their locations. It does this constantly. As each cell block is checked. Leaving a minute or two for each cell block where the inmate's location is not actively verified.

Errors are not unusual, it's easy for one to pass from cell block to another right in the middle of a ping on their block. At which point the system double and triple checks the adjoining blocks while redoing the current block. Causing a slight lag. But nothing signifigant.

Alert!

It's the next backlog, that makes me believe that if I were human. I'd die of a heart attack right now.

759 inmates unaccounted for.

28 inmates accounted for.

.

.

A/N

This chapter took so long to come out, because it's putting into motion an event that, I don't know if I'm strong enough to write.

The death of one of Kitsu's family. We'll see where the muses go, but there's a good chance someone will die in the next few chapters.

.

Also! Taylor's power as the administrator now allows her to commandeer the powers of nearby parahumans. To an extent. The further away they are, the type of power, how long they've been using it, how cooperative the shard is and how long Taylor is holding onto it, all effect its potency. She's not stealing, she's borrowing.

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro

.

.

.

.

Kitsu is almost over.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Alduinian, copsoutside and 120 others
Newb to the game
Nov 28, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 77 Target On Your Back New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Dec 22, 2024
Add bookmark
#799
A/N Target On Your Back

Alt title: Dark Kitsu Arc! Rawr!

.

.

MERRY CHRISTMAS!

Originally I was going to make a big, 30k word special to send Kitsu off with a bang. But then I realized 2 things.

1, I do not have the patience for that. My patience was exhausted making the Cyril chapter that's 22k words.

2, there is, WAY too much going on to encapsulate it all in just 30k words without making it feel rushed as all hell.

So, here we are.

.

YeTianshi: Sorry for the narrative whiplash, but basically everything at the end there was happening at the same time.

Grimnosh: I made a little schizophrenic girl who wanted nothing more than to make the voices stop, beg for death as she was groomed into having a heroin addiction.

How evil am I?

And I agree, pets are family. But Kitsu made Kratos on a whim, Mark took her in on his own. Amy warmed up to Kitsu through months of bonding and effort. And Missy accepts Kitsu for (almost) all of her faults and is willing to look past them.

Kratos, while he can't be replaced, he can be replicated. Same cannot be said as easily for the others.

RadChaos897: a bit to unpack, but I'll skip to the tail end.

The Faerie Queen, did harvest quite a few people. More than half. The rest? Out and about in the world. The 28 people left behind, are just those who refused to leave. People who think nothing good will come of escaping.

Kitsu is really in an unstable spot right now. Literally one push away from snapping. As shown in the Bad Ending bonus, all it took was Mark dying for Kitsu to turn into Nilbog 2.0

bobzilla001: Possibly, but she'd risk alerting the network as Bonesaw's shard is active and alive. Meaning one wrong move, and Scion is on the scene.

Mangouschase: I kept thinking what I could do with Queen Admin. Without making Taylor a master, and I just thought. Eidolon has the Thinker version of Taylor's shard. So a trump power is well in the cards.

Pun intended

GideonBlackthorn: Kill one of Kitsu's family? Only an insane psychopath with major delulu would, oh wait.

Bastion: I'm glad you enjoy it! I started about a year and a half ago and, it honestly feels like it's been longer. Yet, not at all. Kitsu is, genuinely a milestone in my life. Writing has distracted me and brought me away from, so much shit.

Where was I going? Oh!

Thank you! I'm glad you enjoy my writing.

Wwolko: Yeah, gonna need a doctor for that whiplash.

Someone asked a while ago, and I said I would never do any bonuses with the Nine, purely because I want their appearance in the bay to come out of left field and be an absolute surprise. Like in canon Worm.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Saturday, Sep 25th, 1:45am-

.

.

Touya "Hellfire" Todoroki POV

.

"Shit." I feel my shoulders slump as the newly awaken Trump in front of me starts commanding my fires. Using the blue flames to free herself of the beam trapping her leg.

So here she is, commandeering my power. Controlling the blue flames I've come to see as a horrid reminder of my biggest regret. And again, here she is, controlling my flames.

Shittiest part is, she didn't have to accidentally burn her family alive in a house fire to get those flames. My old man deserved it, but the rest?

"Fuck off!" She roars and brings me from my thoughts as the flames are sent my way. Washing over me as the heat does little more than burn the white shirt under my leather coat. Revealing the blackened skin grafts underneath.

"Yeah, about that." I say as I feel something beat in my chest for the first time in a long time. Like, a drum, like there's something fueling me. "If you want to burn me. You gotta come with something more than borrowed flames girly."

Something about this. About seeing her use my flames, in a burned house, sirens in the background. This feels, too familiar. Bringing up some old memories.

"You know, I'm curious." I say, feeling a grin form as I conjure more and more flames, scorching the rubble around us as the scent of molten metal and burned flesh fills my nose. "Let's see just what you can do!"

I don't have the power to control my flames anymore. That part is cut. I can feel it tethering out to her. And it pisses me off. But, that just means it's up to her. Not my fault the flames are burning everyone indiscriminately.

I feel my skin start to heat as I make the flames hotter, and hotter! Holding the worst of it in as I feel it ready to explode. The fires turning white hot in my core.

Then, I let go.

Flames cover the land and air around me, all the way out to the street. All is vaporized to ash as bright blue, nearly white flames sear out in a violent flood. Blinding my eyes with the light as I hear the heat crackle wood, sear flesh and boil blood, warp metal and crack glass.

"Oh it feels good to let go!" I let out a sigh of relief, throwing my arms out as I feel the rush of the flames fill me.

"I know how you feel!" I hear another call from above, before I'm picked up by my shoulders. Blood slipping down my shoulders as claws pierce through my leather coat and into my flesh. "So don't take this too personally!"

I look up to get an idea of who or what has me, and see the orange scaled face of New Wave's Firebreather. Before he lets go of me about thirty feet up while reeling back a fist and unleashing a hook to my chest.

"Ack!" My eyes are forced wide open as the hit connects. The force sending me right back down just as fast as I was pulled up.

Feeling some of my control return, I blast flames out beneath me to reduce my fall. And softly land as I feel my control slip again.

'Seems the closer I am, the more she siphons part of my power.' I piece together as I look to the scared, black haired girl.

I don't get to fully contemplate that before I'm tackled from the side. Carried away from the scene. Heading up and over the city.

"Fuck is it now?" I groan as I look down to my side at the woman in a tan flight jacket and white skintight suit.

She doesn't say anything as she lets go as well. Putting a bit of distance between us and throwing her arms in front of her. Firing a red beam as I extend my flames in front of me to protect myself from the worst of it.

But I get hit in the back regardless. Sending me flipping forward and unable to see what hit me.

"Oh I'm going to be sick!" I nearly puke, before I'm caught mid air, and held in a princess carry as I regain my senses.

Looking up I see the calm, almost hollow green eyes of the boss as we descend to a nearby building.

"Sorry about this Hellfire." He says softly as he lets me down to my feet. "This is my fault."

"Nah, I'm the one who agreed to it." I say as I dust my long coat. "Shit went sideways is all, it happens."

"Still, this can't go on." He says as he turns to the side, and I look in the same direction. Watching as the hero duo, colloquially known as Crystal Fire, charges at us. With Lazerdream taking point, and Firebreather right behind.

The boss raises a hand out, and I take a small step back as I know what's about to happen.

"Get ready." I hear the boss whisper. And the heroes pause as Firebreather wraps his draconic wings around Lazerdream.

But, The Boss makes a fake out. And a smoke screen explodes out from him rather than an actual explosion, covering our escape as we turn tail and jump off of the building.

.

.

-Brockton Bay General Hospital, 6am-

.

.

Taylor Hebert POV

.

I sit in the quiet room with Emma as the heart monitor beeps steadily and the oxygen tank keeps her breathing. It's been four hours. Four hours of silence. Of nothing, nothing but the horrid sound of the heart monitor and the oxygen tank leaving me to my thoughts.

The emergency servicemen wouldn't tell me anything. But they let me in here after it was found she'd be fine. She just has to wake up. That's all, just, waiting for her to wake up.

"Emma!" I jolt as I'm spooked from my chair by the bright yellow and orange zigzagged girl that is my friend, Madison, bursting into the room.

"Maddie!" I hiss at the wide eyed catgirl as I, I don't even know right now. "She's, she'll be fine."

Maddie looks to me, then to Emma. Seeming to calm down as her ears come up from being splayed back. Her tail relaxing as well.

"What happened?" Maddie asks as she steps into the room proper, and stops. gasping as she sees the side of Emma's burnt face. Covering her mouth in shock as her ears splay back.

"We, we were attacked by a villain." I say as I, I struggle with the memory, the helplessness, the fear, the knowledge that everyone around me was dying and I could do nothing about it!

Even with my power, all I could do was keep him from incinerating Emma. I couldn't do anything for anyone else. That's why the servicemen won't say anything. I failed to save her parents. They're dead and they don't want me to freak out.

"Taylor!" Maddie shakes my shoulders, snapping me from my thoughts. I look up to her bright blue eyes, and pink face with orange zigzag lines on her cheeks. Cat ears splayed back in concern.

I still haven't cracked the code on what all the patterns and colors mean. Well, aside from the obvious ones.

"Hey, you don't have to say anything." She reassures me with a gentle smile. "Just, it's okay. It'll be okay."

It's really not.

"Thank you Mads." I say with a smile, and watch as her fur turns purple with red swirls. "I just, I'd enjoy some quiet right now."

Still haven't learned what purple is. Though it does show up often.

"That's fine." Maddie says as she moves to sit by me, and lays her head on my shoulder.

A few moments go by in silence. Aside from the damned heart monitor and oxygen tank. But, I suppose-

"Taylor!" I'm jolted to attention as my dad bursts into the room.

"I'm fine dad." I say as he looks around, sees me and and rushes over. Dropping to his knees and pulling me into a bear hug. "Less fine!" I gurgle out as he crushes me.

"Oh, oh thank god." He starts crying. "I, I'm, I don't know what I'd do if something happened to you too."

And now I feel bad, and awkward. Mostly awkward as Maddie switches between patting my shoulder, and patting my dad's back. The sound of my dad's crying echoing through the room.

But through it all. I still hear that damned heart monitor. Reminding me. With every beep, I hear the sound of fire and screams. And it sounds so much like the sirens. The beeping.

How this is my fault. I had the power to save someone there, but all I could do is save one person.

…

Please, just wake up already. I, I need to know I saved you. At least you.

.

.

-Undersiders' hideout, Saturday, Sep 25th, 11am-

.

.

Lisa "Tattletale" Wilbourn POV

.

"Fuuuucck me man." I sigh as I crash back on the couch.

Alec and Brian are across from me. Just last night, Alec was forced to kill a man in front of a crowd. Not that it was really hard. Just had to latch onto a more reputable drug dealer from the Merchants and make him walk into oncoming traffic at a busy intersection. Which, we're hoping it still counts.

Odds, inconclusive. Need more data.

"As much as I'd love to, I don't think I'm in the mood." Alec quips, earning a light shove from Brian. But nothing more.

Usually, Brian would say something. A quick telling off, but I guess he sees Alec's need for relief. And doesn't press him.

Alec is stressed due to Reikos kidnapping. Alec is no longer attempting to hide stress. Alec does not feel remorse over death of the Merchant.

"We can't keep sitting around and doing nothing." Brian says as he stands up, raising his voice towards the end.

"You think we want to just sit on our asses and twiddle our thumbs!?" Alec snaps back, jumping to his feet as he stares Brian in the eye.

Alec is stressed, Alec feels powerless. Is reminded of his powerlessness and is lashing out at the cause of said reminder.

'Phrased odd but, okay.' I note as I try to think of something to say that won't start a fight.

"I know! I know, but, okay let's start from the base." He says as he starts pacing. His hand to his chin as he thinks. "Tats, what do we know?"

"Alec's batshit crazy big sis is in town to recruit him to the super murder hobos for no other reason than shits and giggles." I add helpfully, hoping he gets the hint that he doesn't know anything we don't.

"Come on Tats, you ain't got nothing else?" He gestures a hand out with a hopeful expression. "You're, normally on point. When will they reach out, who's test is next? Who are the other candidates?"

"No leads that won't lead to speculation." I sigh with a shake of my head as I lean forward. "You already know-"

My eyes go wide as I realize my power hasn't gone off. And Brian is asking questions he already knows.

'He's an impostor.' I realize as I school my expression. 'And he's got a power that suppresses mine. A stranger?'

"What, you got something new?" 'Brian' asks with a hopeful face.

"No, just, it's." I try to think of something. "Alec, can I talk to you in private?"

Looking to the curly haired teen, he gives me a pensive look as he slowly stands up.

"Sure." He says slowly.

Alec is suspicious, Alec does not notice anything wrong.

'Yeah, I figure that bit out.' I snark.

"What's going on?" 'Brian' asks. "You got something?"

"Yeah, just need to ask some more, private questions to see of I can figure out more." I say easily as I walk past him, heading to Alec's room on the loft.

"Fair enough, if it's something I don't need to hear then… just fill me in on the relevant details." He says, raising his hands in surrender as he steps back.

'I'll give them credit, they've got Brian's mannerisms down good.' I notice as I walk up the stairs and turn around. "Real quick, what happened to your tattoo?"

That's code for Alec to know I suspect Brian is either mastered, or a stranger. None of us have tattoos. So it's a trick question for any stranger or master with direct control. Like Alec himself.

"I never had one." Brian says immediately.

'So a loose master?' I wonder, and wait for my power to go off.

…

"Nevermind, I was thinking of something else." I say as we enter Alec's room.

And, it's trashed. Dirty clothes everywhere, bed unmade. TV screen cracked with a remote through it.

Alec is used to Reiko cleaning his room, Alec is depressed. Alec misses Reiko, Alec has become increasingly irritable and distracted with Reiko's kidnapping.

"So, what's the idea?" Alec asks softly, keeping his voice down as he crosses his arms and leans against the wall next to the door. "Master, or stranger? Or some sort of changer?"

"I'm thinking stranger." I say softly as I turn to face him. "Or a master stranger combo of some sort. Because my power is not working on him. Like, it's not even registering he's there. Anything he does, just, nothing."

"Well shi-" Alec goes to say.

Before we both jump back as the doorknob is ripped from the door with a ping. The part on our side falling to the ground and rolling away as the hole is left.

The door creaks open as Alec steps behind me.

Alec is scared, Alec is concerned. Alec is putting obstacles between perceived threat and self. Alec intends to use Lisa as-

'I get it.' I cut the power off as my heart pounds in my chest. 'Alec is a chicken shit who's not above using me as a human shield.'

"Honestly, surprised I got as far as I did." 'Brian' says as he steps forward, and sort of breaks away as he turns into a swarm of bright blue and purple butterflies that scatter behind him and disappear into glittering motes of light. Revealing a blonde girl, just over half his height.

"Hi!" The girl with blonde tiger stripes on her cheeks and shoulders says with a smile. "I'm Kitsu! But you already know that."

She's also got blood splatters on her outfit. So that's, disconcerting. And mildly fucking terrifying.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Soooo." The pretty boy starts off slowly as he stays behind Lisa. "What uh, can we do ya for? Also, is Grue dead? Kinda need to know that."

"He's fine." I roll my eyes and wave my hand to dismiss the idea. "I just knocked him out and shoved him under a bed. He'll wake up in an hour."

"Cool, cool." Lisa nervously, smacking her lips as I hear her heart thud. "So um, how do you uh. What's going on?"

"Okay, so I'll be blunt with you!" I smile and start twisting in place. "I want info on the next challenge, whatcha got for me?"

Both her and Alec's eyes widen as I say that. Probably realizing something, not that I care what it is.

"You're the other recruit." Lisa says with a bit of a fearful shake in her breath as the color drains from her face. "The one they were chasing after."

I know now that the Nine were following me. Anywhere I visited where I made a major appearance, got a nearby visit from the Nine a few months later. I just never connected the dots due to the time lapsed and how they wouldn't always show up.

"Yep!" I say with a smile. "Now, answers. Chop chop minions!"

"Usually the one making demands doesn't make it so-" Lisa starts to snark, and I speed up. Grabbing her shirt collar and pulling her down to eye level.

"Don't make me hold a gun to your head Lisa, Mary, Sarah or whatever name you choose." I say as I keep my smile, faking calmness. "Answer me, or this gets painful. Possibly humiliating."

She gulps as Alec tries to slowly back away. Heading closer and closer to the window. Likely hoping to jump out to the fire escape just out the window.

I use a hard light construct to slam him into the wall and hold him there by his neck and wrists.

"Now, the Nine, where?" I ask plainly.

"We-we don't-" She starts to lie, but I can see inside her brain.

So, as a deterrent. I make an adjustment I know she won't like. Crystal has nymphomania, so does Aunt Sarah. So, lets just, move this, and that. And now, crank it to TWENTY.

"Know, wh-what is, why am I." Lisa starts panting as tears form in her eyes. "What, did you do!?"

"I tweaked a few things in your brain." I answer with a shrug. "I originally thought to just break your arm. But that'd be too loud, and bothersome. I mean, I can tell you're lying now, but while under pain? Bit trickier so I gave you Persistent Genital Arousal Disorder."

I watch as horror and disgust fill her face. And I struggle to stop laughing as she somehow gets even paler.

"Why!?" She demands to know as she grabs my wrist. Gritting her teeth as she squirms.

I stop laughing and move my hand to her throat. Adding more strength than necessary as she chokes and gags.

"Because you lied." I growl. "Now, I don't have time. Because my family is currently being held captive and you are my best bet at finding them. So talk! And I'll remove the disorder. Lie again, and I'll give you dyslexia."

I loosen my grip on the asexual I just made perpetually experience sexual stimulation. Now that I think about it like that, it feels a bit rapey. But I don't care that much.

"Cherish is their lookout. She can keep a constant eye out for emotional spikes and keep track of people based on their emotions." Lisa says quickly, giving me valuable info on how to plan their deaths. "Other than that, we just know they're somewhere in the slums. Merchant territory, likely the boat graveyard."

"See?" I ask with a smile as I undo the disorder I gave her. "Was that so hard? Now, if you'll excuse me, I'd take your power. But I doubt it'd end well for me."

Lisa's shard genuinely likes her. And unlike Maureen's shard, I can't just kill Lisa and take the power. Mainly because Lisa's shard is incompatible with [Conduit] so examining a dead component won't do me much. Like a mechanic who works on cars, looking at a helicopter. Yeah, there's some overlap. But they're too different to really, you know. Work.

Shatterbird was different, because that was a Thinker shard, [Conduit] just subsumed it entirely. Because it was too dead to fight back or alert the rest of the network.

"What?" Lisa asks as her face returns to being deathly pale and no longer squirming in my grasp.

"Don't worry about it." I say as I pat her cheek and let Alec down from the wall, where he falls flat to the floor.

I walk over to the window, ready to use the same exit Alec tried. When said master grabs the back ribbon of my Irida outfit.

"You better have a good reason for stopping me." I say cheerfully as I turn my eyes red and look to him with a smile. "Otherwise Alec is about to become Alexia, or just dead. Depends on your answer and how petty I'm feeling."

"They took, Reiko." He pants, catching his breath from falling on his face. Not even flinching at my threat. "And Cherish, she's my sister."

"Make like a knife and get to the point." I tell him, not willing to sit through a monologue. "Want me to save Reiko? Kill your sister?"

"Make it slow." Alec says, and lets go of me.

"Sure thing!" I say as I return my eyes to normal and give a winning smile.

Turning to the window, I open it from the bottom and step out. A plan in mind to head off to the Boat Graveyard and deal with this.

But not before I take a detour to make a few, adjustments to myself. And set a few things in place. Get everything set up for the big game.

Pulling my phone out, I dial my favorite thinker.

"Kitsu?" Wade says on the other end of the line. "What the hell!? Where have you, I, there are so many questions I need answered it's not even funny."

"First, language." I say as I leap from roof to roof. "Second, I have the Nine narrowed down to one district. Wanna help me with my countdown?"

.

.

-Main Square, Commercial District, Monday, Sep 27th, 8am-

.

.

3rd Person POV

.

The early morning's rays just start to peak over the tall buildings of Brockton Bay as the people go about their day. A certain trepidation and unease can be felt as they all go their own ways. The mayhem from two days ago fresh in nearly every mind. The peace and panic that the PRT tried to preserve by hiding the fact that the nine were in town being broken by carnage forced upon the city. The lack of any glass on the buildings and on the cars being a staunch reminder.

The only solace the people take, is in the fact that the Nine can't possibly kill everyone. Sure, they commit mass murder that borders on genocide, but they can't get everyone before the heroes drive them out.

This fact, is punctuated by the fact that on the night of the first test. One of the Nine was they themselves, murdered in cold blood by the most famous, or infamous depending on the circle you frequent, individual in the city.

Kitsu had murdered Shatterbird, not even an hour after her song.

But, everyone's morning was about to get a rude wake up call.

On the main square advertisement board. Currently showing a commercial for Dior cologne. It switches to the image of a man who can best be described as, roguishly handsome. With an ocean view backdrop, the man is immediately recognized as the infamous killer, Jack Slash.

"Thank you Manniquin." Jack says as he looks just past the camera. "Are we ready? We're on? Good. Hello and good morning good people of Brockton Bay! Many of you likely know of me, but allow me to introduce myself. I, am Jack Slash."

Some panic and rush off in random directions. Others, remain rooted in place. Stuck in wonder or horror transfixed as traffic screeches to a halt. With some cars even getting rear ended. The passengers and drivers stepping out to see what's going on, only to have their attention drawn to the screen.

"Apologies for interrupting your morning routine, but we had no means of reaching out otherwise." Jack says with a smile. "Besides, it's a Monday! Why not spice up the monotony of the droll? Start the week off with something to REALLY remember? Regardless, this is a message to the candidates of our games. Congratulations to Carnage for the murder of not only the top realtor of the slums, but also Sky High! Way to over achieve buddy!"

The news of New Wave's Sky High being murdered, was a shock to all watching the feed. Sky High was a source of comfort for many. Always there, some even wondered if he slept with how often he pulled patrols. Now, Jack says he's gone.

"Then there's Bakuda, making the chief of police announce his will on live TV? Chef's kiss!" Jack does the motion. "Hellfire, don't know what your plan was there, but killing the Lawyer TECHNICALLY counts. He is a high end lawyer. So, we'll go easy and say you passed, if only barely."

That, was a bit troubling to the people of Brockton, Hellfire is one of the Teeth's lieutenants. And he killed a high end lawyer? Most were unaware of this, though it can be forgiven as the PRT kept a tight lid on the incident, seeing as it was also a Trigger Event for another.

But, none were prepared for the next words Jack was about to speak.

"Now, for our special girl." Jack says with, what appears to be genuine amusement. "Killing Shatterbird was, bold to say the least. She was our announcer, though we can always fill her role with something else. You'll be glad to know, after much thought and debate. We determined that you did in fact, follow the rules. Hell, you even asked if killing her was permitted! And she merely scoffed at you. Shame on her for not being clear." Jack clicks his tongue and shakes his head in mock disappointment. "And you completed the task first so, you'll be glad to know that Missy Biron will be let go and set free at an undisclosed location at about lunch time today. Unharmed, and in perfect health. No strings attached. Just as promised to show we are people of our words."

A sense of dread fills the people of Brockton. The capes and civilians alike. Kitsu, is one of the candidates? She killed Shatterbird as part of the challenge? So, she's participating?

What does this all mean? Is Kitsu a villain, gone vigilante, a hero forced into an unfortunate circumstance? Or is Jack just trying to rile the people into a panic by claiming the Endstopper Child as a potential member of the nine?

"And to my candidate." Jack says with a softer smile, one filled with mirth and belittlement. Like an adult looking down at a child's poor attempt at a drawing and congratulating them for the awful attempt. "Times ticking, you know the first task by now. Kill someone of note, with a hundred or more witnesses. I can't wait to see what you'll do. Until then-"

The feed cuts out. Fading to static fuzz before another appears. Showing a new individual on screen. One the people know more intimately. Dressed in a tattered brown trench coat. Ragged clothes underneath and having a mask reminiscent of a more sleek world war two gas mask. Backdropped by a shadowed red brick wall.

"Oh trust me, I know." He says in a raspy voice as the image flickers. "Remember, our deal is that I could only use my gasses three times. Not that I had to. So, with that being said, I feel this is the perfect time to reveal the hypocrisy plaguing the people of our society. To show them, well, you'll see."

With that, Scarecrow holds up a button, and presses it. Causing panic to flood many people as they expect something horrible to happen. But all that happens, is the video feed changes once more. Showing a recording from the angle of a security camera.

In the screen, is Manpower. On the ground in the captain's cabin of a ship. Some of the onlookers see, and recognize this as New Wave Ferry.

Scarecrow, mask off but face blurred, gives the downed Manpower a device and tells him to choose. The people, or his son. Explaining the consequences of both, and starts to dawn on many as they realize what's about to happen.

Even still they watch in disbelief as Manpower condemns the people to the gas that mutated thousands and killed even more. Choosing the life of one, over the lives of dozens upon thousands of people. And they watch, as he destroys the devices, and hides the evidence.

"Heroes, are no better than Villains." Scarecrow says as the footage switches back. "Only difference is, we're honest about our agenda. With us, you know what you get. With the heroes, how do you know you can trust them, if they'll condemn you behind your back?"

The feed goes dead. And a new commercial for Arby's plays as the people are left reeling from the bombshell of information dropped on them. With emotions running wild and high, some run home. Others just stand there in shock. Others, are filled with a mix of panic and rage. The sheer whiplash of events just revealed, no one knows how to feel.

Well, almost no one.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"How, many?" I say with a shake in my voice as I see the video cut out.

Leaning on a guard rail of an apartment buildings roof. My chest growing tight as my head pounds. Anger and fear roaring throughout my body. My blood pumping fiercely in my veins as I turn away from the screen and grab my head. Gritting my teeth as I growl and try to just, just do my best not fucking FREAK!

I want to scream! To yell and hit something! But I can't.

"Why? Why can't, just give me time." I beg through gritted teeth as the frustration drives me to tears. "Let me solve just one problem before another pops up."

It's fine. I'm fine. Everything will be fine. Missy is fine, Amy will be fine. Dad will be fine.

'I should probably find and check on Missy.' I think to myself as I turn towards the east and jump from the roof I'm on, landing on another.

Before a thought stops me in my tracks. My heart thudding as I land, and I slowly stand up straight. My eyes staring off into the distance as I, I come to a hard decision.

'She's fine, right now. But what if they decide to do more?' I think to myself. 'What, the PRT will try to capture me. Get info out of me and while I'm stuck in some debriefing room. Amy and Dad are in danger.'

I, I can't go. I need to keep going. I can't stop, can't take a break.

I need to stay away, and keep going. After all this is solved, I'll snuggle Missy into oblivion! Schedule more plant time with Amy! Get Dad involved in my streams. Spend time with them all more. Never let them leave my sight.

Maybe enhance them in their sleep to make them more superhuman and able to defend themselves so that this doesn't happen ever again!

But first, I need to take care of an issue. A certain scarecrow thinks he's clever. Whatever task Jack gave him involves him limiting himself in some way, so he's taking potshots at my family to get by.

I never went after Scarecrow because outside the Ferry attack. He just, kept to himself. And I know that killing the head of a gang only causes more issues if you haven't already destroyed their infrastructure.

Turning around, I head to the slums, Merchant territory. He'll be there, he has to be if he doesn't want his gang to fall apart.

.

.

-The Towers, Monday, Sep 27th, 12:32pm-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"Wakey Wakey!" I hear a cutesy voice announce, not that I'm unused to it. But something about this voice is, off. Like, same tone and all but it's not Kitsu.

'Maybe it's just the grogginess.' I think with a groan as I get up from the, hard gravel? 'Wait, when did I go to sleep?'

My eyes snap open as I shoot up. My vision honing in on the blonde with two different colored eyes. One green, one blue. In a blue, bloodied dress.

"Morning!" She says cheerfully with a cutesy sway.

"U-um, good morning?" I ask shakily as I recognize the serial killer in front of me.

"Silly billy! It's midday!" She giggles with a hand to her mouth.

"But, you just said-"

"Well duh, that's what you say to someone when they wake up!" She says, all smiles and cheers.

"Now now." My blood runs cold as I hear the voice behind me, being that of a grown man with a silken, deeper voice. "She just woke up! And it's been almost a week, no need to poke fun at her Bonesaw."

I flinch, my heart dropping as I a pair of large hands place themselves on my shoulders. My chest burning in fear as I feel ready to throw up. The smell of blood and mildew filling my nose as I quickly figure out who's behind me.

"Come now dear, no need to be so afraid." He gives my shoulders a little shake, his voice right next to me as I feel the heat of his breath on my ear.

'Stanger Danger!' My mind screams as I'm forced to remain still out of fear. My body not doing as I scream at it to do.

"You have our word." He says, sounding as comforting as a used car salesman as he takes a knee to kneel beside me. His right arm wrapped around my shoulders as he gestures with his left. "See, a bit of a catch up session is needed here. Right now we have this, thing where we pick new candidates for our family. And we are a family. But that's besides the point. The point, is that five years ago… we had an opening. So, we were looking to adopt. A brother, cousin, uncle, aunt, sister."

'Why, where is this going?' I feel my throat go dry.

"And we found just the cutest little sissy for me!" Bonesaw squeals. Clenching her eyes shut as she brings her fists to her chin and hops in place. "She's so cute and mischievous and silly and perfect!"

"But, she ran away." Jack says with a smack of his lips as he lets his arm fall. Shaking his head in disappointment as Bonesaw stops bouncing. "I mean, it happens. Kids runaway from home all the time. But, as a responsible and loving family it's our job to get her back and put her back on the right path."

I feel my spine crawl as he takes out a knife and holds it up the sun's light. Old, rusted and chipped, it looks to be well past time it got thrown out.

"This is the knife I used when I cut her." Jack says nostalgically. "She could be back then, didn't have powers yet. But… I sensed something in her, something special. And boy oh boy. I was right." He finishes with a loving smile as he brings the knife closer. Until it's right in front of me. "You know, if she failed. We'd have carved you up like we did her."

The edges of my vision pulse as I feel ready to pass out. My hands sweating until they become slick and oily. My throat drying up as I hold back tears. A lump forming in my throat that just keeps getting bigger.

"A slash on your back." Jack starts off. "Few gashes from Sibby's claws. Then, we'd break an arm as we carved words into it. Right down to the bone."

"Wh-what are, why are you telling me this?" I ask after taking a gulp and swallowing my fear. Or at least, enough to talk.

"Why indeed. Hmm." Jack says as he taps his chin, and lets me go as he stands up. Patting me firmly on my back before walking over to Bonesaw's side. One arm behind his back as he thinks. Turning around to face me once he reaches the deranged girl, he answers.

"I suppose, I'd just like to thank you." He shrugs. "For your part in helping our family get back together. I mean, if she's anything. Kitsu is stubborn."

'Oh, fuck!' I feel my heart stop as I realize they were talking about my girlfriend.

I, had a feeling. Deep down. But I wanted so desperately to believe I was uninvolved in this. That this was just random. That, that it was just bad luck and nothing more.

"So thank you. You truly helped us a great deal." He says with a bow, and Bonesaw mimics his gesture of gratitude with a curtsy. "Now, as I said. We won't hurt you, Kitsu did as asked and completed her task. As promised, you are released and unharmed. And we are people of our word."

"What, what was her task?" I voice out loud, though I didn't mean to. Because, I really don't want to know.

"Oh, she just had to kill someone with an audience watching." Jack waves me off, before checking a nonexistent watch on his arm. "Well, it's about time we head out. Much to do, things to see. You know." He gives me a gentle smile before turning to the door of the-

Are we on a roof?

"Come along Bonesaw!" Jack calls to the smiling girl as he opens the roof's access door.

"Coming!" She says happily as she skips along after him, turning around and skipping backwards as she waves to me. "Have a nice day! I'll tell Kitsu you love her!"

The door closes behind her. Putting an end to the, honestly horrifying yet mundane interaction. And I'm left alone with my thoughts as I consider all that was said, and all that I learned.

'Did, did Kitsu murder more people?' I wonder. 'Whether it was for me or not. She promised, and the Nine have been after her? Why?'

What do they see in her? What is she hiding from me, from everyone? Is, what has she done? What will she do? Where is she? Is this my fault? Is this her fault? I, I could've died.

I feel tears stream down my face as I'm overwhelmed with questions I have no answers for. And questions I know the answer to, but wish I didn't

.

.

-The Rig, Ward's common room, Monday, Sep 27th, 1pm-

.

.

"It's good to have you back Vista." Armsmaster says as he hands me a cup of hot coco.

"Hmm." I say as I set it down on the table next to me. I don't feel like coco right now.

"Hmm." Armsmaster hums in return as he looks to the coco and then back to me. "Would you prefer, something else?"

"Who are you?" I ask immediately, causing him to freeze in place. "Armsmaster is an unrepentant asshole and quite frankly, a dick." The man frowns. "So cut the crap, I've got a lot on my mind and am in no mood to play games."

"Your, opinion is noted." The man says snappishly. "But I would like to remind you that while I do not still hold the same rank as I once did. I am still your superior."

"See, that's more like it." I say with a condescending smile. "Now, what do you want?"

"Seeing as the nice approach didn't work. I'll be blunt." He says in that, annoying monotonous tone. "What can you tell us? What happened?"

I feel my heart pick up at the memory. And I repress the urge to yell at the tin man.

"I already told you, one moment I'm on the boardwalk waiting for my date to get there." I say and take a breath. "The next, I'm getting up and learning she's been thrown into a murder game by a group of psychos who are dead set on having her as a member. And that I was one of the pawns used to get her to play along. Just, I just want some answers."

And to not think about how I was at the mercy of, of anyone. To know that, at any moment my life could've been ended or worse. When Stormfront attacked, that was different. I could fight back, I had some control in the situation.

I, I just-

"Where is she?" I ask softly. "Where's Kitsu? I want to hear it from her."

Armsmaster is silent on the matter. Either not having an answer, or not wanting to give it to me for some reason.

"Hear what, exactly?" He asks after a bit of silence.

"I, I just want to know what's happening." I force out. "And I know she won't li- I know she'll tell me what I need to hear."

"Kitsu has gone rogue." Armsmaster says plainly. "Soon after she learned of yours, Panacea and Flashbang's kidnapping-"

"What?" I ask, feeling my stomach tie into knots. "Amy and Mark were kidnapped as well?"

"You didn't know that." Armsmaster grunts as he looks away from me.

"No!" I say as I nearly jump out of my seat. "What else don't I know? What's going on?"

"I'm, not sure I'm the best one to tell you this." Armsmaster says as he looks back to me. "I'm not good with subtlety."

"No shit sherlock. You have less emotional intelligence than a pet rock!" I yell at him, before realizing I said that out loud. "I-I'm sorry, I didn't mean-"

"Yes you did." He cuts me off. "But that's fine, while I disagree with the technicalities of your statements. I also understand that you are frustrated and under a great deal of stress."

'You're not even trying at this point.' I frown.

"I just, I don't even know." I groan as I sit down and hold my head. Feeling my throat run parch, I reach for the hot coco and take a drink. "I just, one moment I'm waiting, the next. I just want to, it doesn't matter." I look up at Armsmaster. "When do I go back out on patrol? I just, I need to get back out there."

"After you've gone through Master Stranger protocols." Armsmaster says as my vision pulses with darkness, and I feel my head grow heavy. "Sorry, but we couldn't risk you resisting if you were."

'The, hot coco.' I realize as I, feel more hurt than I think I should.

"You could've just, asked." I say as I lay my head down. And say one more thing. "Fuckface."

I'll just blame it on the drugs. Because fuck if that didn't feel good to let out.

.

.

-East Slums, Tuesday, Sep 28th, 8am-

.

.

Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane POV

.

"Uh, boss man." The nervous goon says shakily as I work in the back of the van.

"Just, keep driving." I order the mindless muscle. "I need to focus on this."

"She's closing in!" He says shakily.

"Do you want to die right now!?" I yell as I draw my gun and aim it at the back of his head. "This car has a safety pilot, so I can afford your death."

He doesn't say anything, and keeps driving as I turn back to the mobile chem table. Mixing up something I think might work against the nightmare chasing us.

'For all her power and indestructible bullshit. You'd think she wouldn't be fast, but no. Because fuck me if life could be that easy.' I think to myself as I mix the ammonia in with the sulfuric concentrate.

This truck is the last thing that headache Mechanic left behind for us to use. The rest of his vehicles being stolen or having broken down without him to maintain them. Mine being the only one left due to its, relatively tame modifications. The most advanced thing it has is almost supernatural suspension.

"Uh, Sir?"

"For FUCK'S sake Perry!" I yell as I pull my gun on the driver. "What!?"

"Sh-she stopped again." He says nervously, causing me to pause as I look to the rear doors.

Clicking the safety back on, I head to the doors and slide the armored plate on the right window. Peering out to the street as I stare at the naked tiger woman slowly disappearing as we put distance between us.

"That's the fifth time." I note as I close the slide.

I head back to the chem table. Reach under the table and pull out a map. I mark down and record the time and path we took. Making a cross reference as to the time lapses and distance driven.

Accounting for turns, I get a decent average for both.

The times are the most inconsistent, the longest being fifty eight minutes, the shortest being twelve. But the distance, the distance gives a clearer average. The shortest, seven hundred and thirty feet. The longest, eight hundred and twenty.

"I think I figured it out." I say out loud, coming up with a plan to flush out my real target. "Jerry, take us to Captain's hill. On the other side of the city."

"Y-yes sir." He says as I turn to a compartment above my chem table. Revealing a laptop hooked into the car's circuitry. "Sir, we got cops again."

"Do what you need to." I sigh with a roll of my eyes as I hack into the citiy's CCTV system. And focus on a certain set of cameras, namely the ones we'll be going through. "Take the most direct route you can Terry. Pass as many cameras as you can."

"You actually got my name right that time." He mutters, but I ignore him as I keep my eyes on the cameras.

'Come on, I know I'm right.' I think as I stare at the screens.

.

.

-Captain's Hill, Tuesday, Sep 28th, 11am

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I wait, perched at the edge atop the roof of the, dubious restaurant. Invisible as I managed to track down Scarecrow. Mostly by following his Jeepers Creepers truck. Just had to keep that in site as I roof hopped, now I'm just waiting for the Siberian.

I was going to kill him and make him pay for targeting my family. But then the cannibal tiger herself showed up. And I thought, two birds one stone!

I know she isn't 'real'. But I also know you can break her projection, It's just hard to do. And I'm hoping that doing so, will count as passing another trial. Seeing as her test is always to survive her. And right now, Scarecrow is being tested.

I would track down Manton, but he's actually a lot harder to find. Right now, I just know he has to be nearby. But how close is anyone's guess. And in a city? I might as well carpet bomb a district.

'But that doesn't seem necessary.' I think as I see said tiger lady bounding over the hill and charging the parked van. Whereupon tackling the side of the van and toppling it over. Two people run out of the vehicle and take off. One being some nameless mook, the other being Scarecrow who gets to his feet and starts to run off. But is tackled by the Siberian who straddles the man's waist and holds him down.

I feel my back ache as I look at her. The memory of being so much smaller and under her foot coming to the surface of my mind.

I force myself to ignore as I watch. Not hearing much other than my own heartbeat as I focus on the woman who has not changed a bit in the last five years.

In any other situation, the scene before me might have been the opening to a weird porn parody. Seeing as she's completely naked and very anatomically correct. But, this parody is quickly turning to a snuff film as she grabs his hand. Smiling before she bites his right pinky and ring finger off.

"Aaah!" The man gives out a pathetic squeal of pain, and I choose now to launch down at the serial killer.

I connect with her side, causing us to tumble as I force her off of my next target. Though, she lands on top of me as we start to fight. Her clawing at me with a grin and me grabbing her wrists, holding them away from me. Where I use my strength to force her back as I get out from under her, and stand up. Much to her confused surprise.

She gives a gentle smile as I get to my feet.

"You look, so right like this." She says with a grin. "This is you, you know it."

I narrow my eyes and smile as I yank her down to her knees. Making us eye level as she smiles back.

"Debatable, but first." I say as I twist her arms, enjoying the fact that she winced. And thus proved she can feel pain. "I want to see how much pain a projection can feel."

Her eyes widen as I say that. And she makes a genuine effort to pull away, only for me to turn immovable. Locking her in my grasp.

"You know, everyone always talks about how strong I am." I say as I refuse to give any ground. Even as she moves her legs from under her, planting them on my chest as she pushes as hard as she can. Looking like a recreation of Vegita versus Android 19. Only this time, the one who's helpless, is the one caught. "But my greatest strengths, are in my defenses."

The moment she lets up a little. I swing her up and turn, slamming her into the ground behind me. A spider web design forming from the cracks in the concrete as she bounces a little. But still not destroyed.

"Not enough?" I ask happily, putting on a cheerful façade. "Good! I was worried this would be boring."

I take the naked woman by her wrists and swing her around. Letting go and slamming her into the bottom of the overturned van, denting the bottom of the vehicle inward as she crashes into it. Her black hair cresting over her head as she lands. Before she quickly flips it back with a jerk of her head. Looking up to me with a truly manic grin.

She says nothing as she steps out of her metallic seat. Where she grabs the rim of the bent door behind her. Never looking away from me with that manic grin of hers as she lifts the van up above her head.

I turn invisible, leaving an illusionary copy of myself in my place so I can speed behind her as she throws the van at me. Or where I was, shattering my illusion like glass. Weirdly enough, it both looks and sounds like shattered glass when that happens.

"You know that's bad for your back, right?" I ask, causing the projection to turn around and look down at me. "Should always lift with your knees!"

She swipes my face, doing absolutely nothing to me as I tilt my head. Smile still plastered on my face.

"Well, not that it really applies to you." I say sweetly. "I mean you can't really grow old to regret decisions, if you don't grow old."

She grabs my head and tries to lift me up. But I become immovable and watch as she grows frustrated, then confused as I don't budge.

"Do you get it yet?" I ask as I grab her wrist and force her back down again, staring her in her black irises. "I'll hold you here as long as I need to so that-" She punches me in the face, and kicks, and just goes absolutely animalistic in my grasp. "Okay look, I humored your attempt at a fight, least you could do is-"

"He's in trouble!" She shouts. "Scarecrow is there! He needs me! He'll die!"

Raising a brow. I turn to the trench coated man currently soiling himself against the wall of the diner. Holding his bloodied hand as he tries desperately to stop the bleeding. Still here for, some reason. And not-

Then it clicks.

'That's not Scarecrow.' I realize as I turn to the Siberian with a real grin this time.

"Well now." I say as I just, refuse to move. Enjoying the growing fear in Siberian's eyes. "Guess we get to play a game. It's called red light, green light. You know how to play, right?"

I watch as she gains a look of unbridled despair. Refusing to answer me as she thrashes.

I turn my eyes red as I grin at the helpless killer. "Red light, you're not allowed to move."

.

.

Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane POV

.

Swinging the back doors of the rusted van open. I aim my gun and fire at the old man looking up from a can of ravioli.

"Agh!" He cries out as he flies back, clutching his chest. "Ah! Wh-why!"

Stepping up into the, horridly decrepit car. Looking rancid and horribly messy. A real pigsty with empty bottles of water and cans of soda strewn about.

Better than some areas of the slums at least. Though that's not a compliment.

"You follow me throughout the entire city. Constantly stopping to make sure I'm in range." I say as I crush a can beneath my feet on my way to him. "And you didn't think I'd figure it out? You're either arrogant, or dumb."

I aim my gun down at the withered man with sunken eyes and greying hair. Yellow teeth gritted in pain, he opens those sunken eyes and utters a single name that stops me.

"Crane? Jonathan Crane?" He says, spitting up a little blood. "Puh, pa, I, I thought you were dead. That, you killed yourself."

"He did." I say, still not recognizing the man, though he recognizes my resemblance. "How do you know my father?"

"You're, oh." He says as his eyes soften considerably. "You're, Little Joe. You're the spitting image of-"

I fire into his shoulder.

"Ah!" He cries out, rolling to his side and backing up further. "Why!? Oh, oh god above!"

"He won't answer you." I say as I slowly walk forward, kicking trash out of my way as he scoots against the back of the driver's seat. "Trust me, I know. Now stop stalling and answer."

"He, was a peer!" He grits out, holding his shoulder in pain as blood spittles from his lips, staining his yellow teeth red. "In the field, my, my only real peer. His research into, into trigger events and how they form the basis of powers manifested. It, was, it formed the basis of the PRT's threat assessment."

'A peer in the field of parahuman research?' I ponder, never taking my eyes off of the man. 'Only one name really comes to mind, but he's been dead for, oh.'

"Doctor William Manton." I say slowly as I begin to see some resemblance. "The writer of The Determination of The Common Cause And Limitations of Powers In The Modern Day?"

"What, no!" He spits out, his face going red with anger. "That was written by my junior during his internship with me. A poor paraphrasing of my previous research, but he dumbed down the text for layman to understand so I didn't take issue."

"Just checking." I say, now certain he is who he claims to be. "You're the Siberian? What are you doing here? Is this some long term experiment to, to establish a baseline of the extremes of psychopathy and the interaction of powers on the human psyche?"

He chuckles, letting out a bit of blood as he does so. Still holding his shoulder as he moves his other arm back to prop himself up.

"AGH!" I shoot his arm moving to prop himself up, causing said limb to jerk out and toss the gun he was holding. "Fuck me! Oh you bastard!"

"You're trying my patience Dr. Manton." I say as I move my aim to his head. "What, are you doing here? A man of your intelligence, there has to be some reason for you to be… gallivanting across the continent going on mass murders. Some purpose.

He looks, almost lost as he stares up at me. Blinking slowly before he lets his hand go slack from his shoulder.

"Before, I answer." He sighs, his breath coming out in heavy, labored pants as he loses more and more blood. "Answer me this, how… did you find me? Figure out I was, the key to her?"

"I kept track of the distance and time in which the Siberian was following me. And realized she was limited by range, and must have a master." I answer him. "Once I figured that out, I hacked the CCTV network. Kept an eye on the traffic cams as I went to the other side of the city. And noted the one vehicle that kept showing up on the same cameras I did."

"Damn." He chuckles, more blood leaking out of his mouth. "Put like that, it sounds easy. I've gotten sloppy."

"Now, my answer." I demand.

"There is none." He gives me a sad smile. "I just, I couldn't deal with life anymore. So, I just, I don't know."

I stare at him, trying to detect any amount of falsehood in his statement. Searching for anything that might clue me into his real motive. Because I refuse to believe such a brilliant mind is wasting away here.

But, I find none. So I pull the trigger and put a bullet in his chest and one in his gut. His lung, and right around where his mesentery artery should be.

"Agh!" He groans in pain. "Wh-why?" He gets out through bubbles of blood.

"The fox is facing off against your projection." I say as I turn around and start walking. "Soon as you die, her hands are free." I hop out the back of the van and turn around. "I intend to be gone by then."

"Couldn't even-" I don't let him finish as I shut the doors and turn to face the nearby woods. The only other thing nearby being the empty parking lot I'm in at the base of Captain's Hill. Captain's hill diner, and the barren road leading to the city.

One is going to have PRT flooding down it soon. The other has an active fight between two brutes. Making my destination obvious.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Please, he's dying." The Siberian begs as she flickers and fades in and out of existence.

"It's too late and you know it." I say, a genuine smile on my face as I feel a twisted sense of triumph fill me. "Besides, what can you do to save someone?"

She goes to say something, but only manages to let a tear fall down her cheek as she fades. No shattering of glass like my illusions breaking, or sparkly effects like when I dispel them. Just, fades from existence.

"Hmph." I huff in contempt. "To think I ever feared you." I say as the phantom pains on my back fade.

Turning to the mook frozen in fear. I glare at him, then look at my faded reflection in the dusty window of the diner beside him. And realize the Siberian tore my top, leaving just my training bra covering my modesty.

Marching up to the mook in Scarecrow's gear. He puts his hands in front of himself and says some things as I grab him by the collar, and push him back against the wall. Slamming his head into the brick hard enough to knock him out. Not hard enough to kill him. Possibly fracture his skull, definitely leave him with a concussion.

That, was because the Siberian ruined my top. And I can't take it out on her. But now I need clothes. Looking down to the unconscious man wearing, more than one layer. I shrug to myself.

'I've dealt with worse.' I muse, and take his trench coat off. Ripping the bottom to better fit my diminutive size, then look to my faded reflection. Ripping the sleeves to fit my arms. I frown as it's still a bit baggy, seeing as it's meant for a grown man and I'm a little girl.

Going back to the man, I take his belt and use it to tighten the top around my midriff so that it's not so baggy.

Inspecting my reflection, I shrug. Knowing there's not much more that can be done.

"Meh, needs more pink." I muse to myself as I start to head into the diner. Not stopping as the waitress bussing tables looks up. And goes to write something down on a notepad and show me. But I ignore her and go into the kitchen.

"Hey! You capes ain't allowed back here!" The chef yells as he throws a metal ladle at me. "We gots a deal!"

I look to the angry man at my left, and stick out my tongue as I walk to the back door. The back door being my goal.

I didn't want to walk around, and was feeling too lazy to jump.

Heading out the back, I walk to the edge of the hill and just, walk off. Landing in a parking lot at the base of the hill where I heard the gunshots from earlier just before The Siberian faded.

I turn to one of the only vehicles here, and the only one with a strong scent of blood. The van itself being piece of crap. Like it's older than mom. Rusted over so badly it might as well be dirt camo. A real rust bucket of a car.

Walking over with hopes of my secondary goal is still obtainable. I grab the doors and swing them open to reveal the mess of a room that is this man's murder scene. Laying slumped against the back of the front seat, blood leaking down his chin and staining his shirt in various spots. I grin as I see his head is in tact.

Just gotta hurry up before the PRT get here.

.

.

Virgil "Static Shock" Hawkins POV

.

Riding up on my saucer. I scan the area as I report to my team.

"FastTrack, Kid, you got anything?" I ask through my comms as I look out at Captain's Hill. A man unconscious on the ground out front near an overturned van outside the diner, and a van parked at the base of the hill. Back doors open as I fly around to get a better view of the situation.

"Um, I'm uh, guys?" Kid says as I see him hover around to the lower parking lot.

"Nothing on the roads." FastTrack says as I look over, seeing the guy blur towards us.

"Guys? What do I do?" Kid Win asks shakily. "There's, there's."

Sensing something up, I soar down to back Kid up and look inside the van. And feel my blood boil as I spot the rogue herself. Patting her bloody hands off on her tattered brown long coat. In front of her, a dead man. His blood smeared on the floor and leading to his current position.

"Hmm?" The psychopath hums as her ears perk up, whereupon she turns towards us with a smile.

Something I notice, is that she now has blonde stripes on her cheeks. One on each cheek.

"Oh!" She says with a smile as she recognizes us, and waves enthusiastically despite being only five feet away. "Hi Kid! Hi Ver- oh crud. I mean Static!"

"Kitsu." I say through gritted teeth. Keeping my temper under control. In spite of the clear murder she just committed. "What uh, what's going on here?"

I send a small shock to one of the hidden components in my visor. A relay switch sending a signal bac to HQ, letting them connect to my visor and see what I'm seeing.

The current protocol should we run into Kitsu being to report and await orders. We don't have all the details regarding the nine, and we likely won't unless she gives them.

"Oh, just taking care of a few loose ends with the Nine." She says and starts walking towards us.

"Stay back!" I say as I hold my hands up, electricity charged and ready.

"Um, are we still on this?" Kitsu asks, her eyes turning red as she rolls them. "Because I've got too much on my plate for you to be adding your extra self to it."

"Hey! Hey, let's just keep calm here." Chris says shakily as he steps in front of me and reaches his hands up to my forearms. Pulling my hands down as I keep an eye on the serial killer in the making. "We need the details okay? Make sure we know what's going on! No jumping to conclusions remember?"

"What's there to question?" I ask, trying to delay as I wait for my damn orders.

And I see her electromagnetic aura separate from her. Meaning she turned invisible and left an illusion of herself behind.

"Don't move!" I say as I raise my hand back up to face the aura trying sneak out the front. "I can see through your tricks, or did you forget."

She reappears, sitting on the dashboard of the van. Arms crossed as she glares at me.

"Yeah, no." She says as she crosses one leg over the other and bounces her foot. "I have places to be, people to kill, family to save. You can do as you always do and stay here, making a fool of yourself as you wait for your orders like a good boy."

"You think you can- aaaaah." I wheeze as I find myself staring at the sky. Knocked off of my saucer and with a new pain in my gut.

"Well said." My eyes snap open as I hear a familiar voice.

Rolling over and launching back. I get to my feet as I look up to confirm my fears.

Under the van, a shadow extends out. A blackened hand coming out from the pitch.

"Hello, hero." Ebon says as he crawls out of the shadow.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Huh, who are you?" I ask as I step out of the van, landing next to Chris.

"Name's Ebon little lady." The deep, silky voice of the man says to me as he turns to me. Then turns back to Vergil. "Love to talk more, but I have a bit of a score to settle. Been locked up a while, need to shake me some rust off."

I could do something and step in here. But I ain't a hero. And I have things I need to do. Fighting an unknown cape is not going to help me here.

"Well, you do you I guess." I shrug and start to walk away, only for FastTrack to get in front of me.

"Hang on." He says as he holds his hands out awkwardly. "Um, uh." He then leans on the door of the van. "Sup?" He nods his head with a smile.

"You, if you don't move." I say and turn my eyes red again for good measure. Causing him to go wide eyed as he struggles to find any words.

I don't get to say anymore, as a blast of electricity sears through me. Causing me to scream out in pain as my vision goes white for a split second. After a few seconds the pain fades, leaving me on my knees and reeling from the pain.

Chris and FastTrack are trying to say something. But I ignore them in favor of looking to the culprit with narrowed eyes. Gritting my teeth in anger, I charge after him as he shares a dialogue with Ebon.

I don't believe for a second that the stray shot wasn't intentional. Virgil's had it out for me ever since what happened with Maureen. I do not put it past him to take a hit and try to play it off.

I jump and tackle the teen off of his saucer as soon as he turns to face Ebon. Startling him into shocking me again as I grab him by his face.

"Aaaaahhhh!" I scream as my muscles seize. But I don't let go, mostly because my body won't move.

As soon as he does let up on the shocks however, I slam his head into the parking lot. And let go before he can shock me again. I then take a breath, and scream. An enhanced scream with a specific frequency that I can now use due to absorbing Shatterbird's Corona Gemma.

It's not as melodic as Shatterbird's, rather it's a warped and sickly sound. Like palkia's cry from the pokemon anime put through a higher pitch.

I stop as soon as I see the glass on his visor crack. Taking a step back from him as he covers his ears in pain.

"AAAAAH!" He whines. "WHY!? WHAT DID YOU DO!?"

I don't answer him as I turn around, and see the others on the ground. Covering their ears in pain. Save for Ebon, who comes out of the ground from a shadow.

"Damn girly." He says as he crosses his arms and nods his head. "Got some balls on you. Respect."

I don't respond as I head towards the woods. Not willing to put off my goal anymore. I've let myself get distracted enough. I need to find Crawler, Cherish, Manniquin, Jack and Bonesaw.

"Kitsu!" I hear an even more familiar voice. Making me turn around and see Crystal flying my way.

"Stop!" I send another enhanced shout, not wanting to delay any longer. Seeing her flinch back in shock, I don't waste any time as I speed off. Leaving the rest to deal with this clusterfuck on their own.

.

.

Crystal "Laserdream" Pelham POV

.

"Damnit!" I shout as I touch down, and turn to the on sight Wards. "What the hell happened here!? It was a simple nine one one call!"

I then notice the black guy. Like, fully blacked out in shadows.

"Who the fuck are you!?" I demand to know.

"Me? I'm just leaving honey." He says as he begins to sink down, while turning around to face Static Shock as said kid gets to his feet. "See you around, hero."

He leaves, the shadow beneath his feet fading as I'm left to try and piece together what the fuck just happened.

"Okay, who the hell was that!?" I demand to know of the first response team. Looking between Kid Win, FastTrack and Static Shock.

"Ebon." Kid Win shrugs. "I'm, I don't know?"

This is a headache and a half.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

I sigh as I step through the doors of my empty home. No Vicky playing loud music as she texts her friends. No Kitsu to launch herself at me and complain about Vicky's loud music. No Amy at the table with her fifth cup of coffee as she ignores both of them. No Mark, no Mark keeping them all in line as he makes sure the house is in order.

The place is a mess. The trash needs taken out. What few dishes there are, are piled in the sink as takeout bags are crumbled up on the kitchen and counter.

I walk into said kitchen, tossing my suitcase onto the table. Not caring if it lands or not as I make my way to the fridge. Throwing it open, I sigh as I realize I've yet to go grocery shopping.

That's usually Mark's job.

I open the freezer and see nothing but a few frozen pizzas. Pulling one out, I see the scotch tape and writing on top of the packaging.

'Kitsu's pizza! Do not steal, I will bite!'

And I lose my appetite. Tossing the pizza back in as I go back to the fridge and pull out a bottle of wine. Unscrewing the cap and taking a swig.

"Not even a glass?" I nearly choke on my swig as I picot towards the hallway. And feel my blood turn to ice as I spot the white shirted, black pants and frizzy brown hair of Brockton's previous overlord. Leaning against the doorframe as he swirls a glass of wine "I've been there at a few points let me tell you."

"You, you, you're." I stutter as my heart pounds in my chest. "What are you doing here!? You should be locked up for life!"

"Yes, that was part of our deal." He says as he takes a sip of the red wine, level a calculated glare at me. "Your end of the bargain, should I recall correctly. Was to keep Amelia safe."

He pushes off the wall and walks closer to me. Reaching the end of the table opposite of myself as he sets the wind glass down.

"Now tell me." He says, his smile fading into a frown. "Where's my daughter?"

.

.

A/N

So, yes. Emma is officially an orphan now! Yay? I mean, what good origin story is complete unless you have dead parents?

Maybe now Madison can get on the Emma train. Or get Emma to ride the Maddie train.

.

The Butcher had asked Hellfire to go along with the trials for now, his idea being that they could infiltrate and kill off most of the Nine.

.

The reason Missy was drugged and put into M/S protocols, is twofold. One, she just walked away from the nine unharmed. So that alone is suspicious. Two, with the massive Birdcage breakout, they can't take ANY chances.

.

I will answer all questions in the next A/N

.

Unless it's QQ, then just ask.

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!
Also, I have a cult on the discord now!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, Alduinian and 121 others
Newb to the game
Dec 22, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 78 Turning the Tables New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Dec 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#819
A/N Turning the tables

Alt title: Descent

.

.

Mangouschase: Kitsu is crashing from this. She's not taking care of herself, she hasn't shut off her fur follicles in days. Hence the blonde Kitsune stripes on her cheeks and arms. She's wearing a ripped trench coat as a top, using a belt to make it fit her.

Yeah, she ain't doing well.

YeTianshi: I have an ending in mind, and I can confidently say no one (outside of the discord) knows what it is.

Grimnosh: 100% agree every pet is unique and precious (arguably more than some people.) But I'm speaking on Kitsu's behalf. She made Kratos, so there's some level of disconnect between him, and how she feels about the others.

GideonBlackthorn: I sort of added that Jack goes creepy scene as an afterthought. Mostly as a way to tie up the loose end of what happens to Missy. But, as I thought about it. I thought, why wouldn't he fuck around before he left her? It is 100% who he is as a person to try and pull at people's strings in any way he can.

RadChaos897: The difference between Kitsu's invulnerability and The Siberian's, is that Kitsu's is an all of nothing power. While The Siberian's has been explicitly stated to not be.

As for Madison and Emma and Taylor? You have way too much faith in the kind of people they are. Emma is still self righteous and survivor's guilt is a thing.

I didn't have enough time to focus on the effects of Scarecrow's meddling, but next chapter I will. As well as have a bit of a reunion for the characters.

Kitsu has been having 2 things on her mind, family and murder. So when thinking of how to torment Lisa, she went with irony and made an asexual, hypersexual for a brief moment. Was it wrong? Absolutely! But it was meant to display the kind of headspace Kitsu is in right now.

She craycray!

Armsmaster wasn't drugging Missy with the excuse of M/S protocols. It was the other way around. Missy was heavily compromised, and the birdcage breakout just happened. In there were numerous strangers, changers and masters.

Armsmaster was the only one willing to go through with it.

Just know that the first section of this chapter goes out to you! I credit those I get ideas from.

…

I actually know that one. The Yule Lads.

This chapter had less comments than usual. I'll chalk that up to the season.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Dallon House, Tuesday, Sep 28th, 6pm-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

Placed in my kitchen. I stare across the table at the man who I've come to associate my hatred and trauma with. Embodying nearly everything I've come to hate about criminals and puppet masters. Staring at me as he rests his hands on the table to glower as he gives a Kubrick stare.

"Now tell me." He says, his smile fading into a frown. "Where's my daughter?"

'How the hell did he get out of the Birdcage?' I can't help but wonder in a slight panic as I think of what to do.

I need to delay. Either this is some sort of hallucination, or he really did escape the Birdcage. And the fact that there's a missing prisoner is a massive concern of international security.

"Your daughter?" I scoff as I take a gulp of my wine before setting it down on the counter behind me. "Funny, she doesn't even know you exist. And you call her your daughter."

I give a sad, sardonic laugh at his expense. Noting the irony for my statement as I glare at the tall, pale and frizzy haired man.

Amy really does take after him in looks. Though, seeing him now. I realize that she has her own features. That she no longer resembles him as much as I thought.

'She's her own person. She's nothing like him.' The thought crashes through my head and nearly brings a tear to my eye. The fact that my daughters are all helpless and alone being brought to the forefront of my thoughts. 'Not now, you have to stay in control.'

"Hmm." He sighs through his nose. Taking a breath and seemingly calming himself. "Just tell me Carol, I'd like to meet her. I promise, nothing more."

'I need to get reactions out of him.' I think to myself as I try to focus on the problem in front of me. 'Figure out if he really is who he appears to be.'

"I'd tell you if I knew." I say as I cross my arms. "What are you doing here John? You weren't supposed to be out for another ten years."

He cocks a brow as he pushes up off of the table. Angling his head to look slightly down at me. A display of arrogance that pisses me off to no end.

"Well that's certainly news to me." He says as he takes the wine glass and brings it up for a sip. "Last I recall, my stay was meant to be… indefinite."

'There goes for hoping he'd make an easy slip up.' I think bitterly.

This can't be the Marquis. He's locked up in the Birdcage, and the PRT would not chance an escapee on the loose. If he broke out, I'd be one of the first to know.

"So how'd you get out?" I ask the smarmy prick as he helps himself to my wine.

"I'll answer, after I see my daughter." He says, his tone becoming strained. "Stop delaying Brandish. Where, is, Amelia?"

"First of all, you come into my house and make demands of me?" I point at the apparition in front of me. "Then make threats? I don't know what makes you think you have any power here but-"

"Didn't stop you from doing the same." He cuts me off. And in the blink of an eye, I find a bone spear at my throat. His hand extended out as a thin white line goes from his pointer finger and stretches across the table. "Now, answer the question Carol. Or do I need to threaten your daughter. Like you did mine."

I can't help it. Something in me broke. It just, it snapped as he threatened my daughters. The idea of them being in danger, even more. The absurdity of him taking the, and jus, how. And I laugh, I laugh as he stares in confusion. Then in concern as the tears start.

He retracts the bone needle as I, just slide down against the counter. The weight of everything suddenly feeling more real and at the same time, not. Covering my face as I just, stop caring.

"What, what happened?" He asks, sounding genuinely concerned. Walking around the table and slowly getting closer. "Brandi-Carol. Did, what happened?" He asks more forcefully.

"I, I have three daughters." I look up to man. "I have three daughters and yet, one is locked away in quarantine because she's become allergic to everything. Even herself! Because my other daughter accidentally gave her lupus while saving her life because the Slaughterhouse fucking Nine came and kidnapped my other, other daughter and my husband as well as my other daughter's girlfriend."

I laugh at the absurdity of it, even as my vision becomes clouded with tears. I can't help but just, I don't even fucking know anymore. Nothing is in my control, and it doesn't matter because there is nothing I can do.

The Marquis looks at me in an irritating mix of pity and confusion. As though I need pity from him. The literal last person I would ever want pity from.

"Three daught- start from the beginning." He asks softly as he takes a knee.

.

.

-West Slums, Wednesday, Sep 29th, 5pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"You doing okay Keets?" Wade asks as I keep him on the phone while I play London Bridge on the roof ledges. One foot in front of the other. Hopping from roof to roof as needed.

"Yeah, just a lot on my plate." I say as I keep my target in sight. The little arsonist who is honestly just a weaker version of Dabi. "Why do you ask?"

Speaking of, met another guy from his crew, Mr. Compress. Who was also oddly nice to me, gave me a Yoo-hoo drink and everything. One I made him drink to make sure it wasn't drugged. Then took it back when he didn't pass out.

"Um, nothing." He says calmly. "Just, making small talk. How's your uh, game going?"

"Pretty well actually." I say as watch Burnscar turn down an alley. "Gonna have to catch up later. Think she found her goal. Just get that message to Jenny for me, kay?"

"You got it, just, don't stretch yourself Keets." Wade answers.

I hang up as I run across a power line. Scaring off a few birds as I make it to the roof of the barber shop on other side of the street. Spotting the unstable arsonist as she makes it to a bald man with mocha skin. Laughing with another man next to him, sickly pale and wearing a black beanie as he lights a crack pipe.

I've tried crack before, pretty meh all things considered. The rush is decent, though short lived. I get better ones just doing the things I do. The crash makes for a good nap though.

I've tried damn near everything. Not much is off the table when nothing causes long term effects on your body. Not even addiction.

Though, I will admit I prefer the rush of adrenaline I get when running through the city. And, even though I don't need it, I'm a sucker for trashy food. Pizza, burgers, dessert sushi. You know what I mean.

But that's besides the point.

I watch as Burnscar nervously approaches the darker man in a puffy orange jacket. Like the one Marty McFly wears in Back to The Future. Actually, he just looks like he's dressed as Marty.

'I mean, if I couldn't smell the drugs then I wouldn't think he was a drug dealer.' I concede as I listen in. 'just an out of date hipster.'

I have a game of Uno I'm setting up. And she's one of my cards. I'm just waiting for Burnscar to go somewhere concealed. So I can yoink her without anyone noticing.

Failing that, her going somewhere concealed will make it easy to off her and yank her dead Corona Gemma where no one can see if I need to.

"Whatcha want bitch?" The dealer asks the hooded redhead.

"J-j-just something to, to make it hurt less." She says in a stuttery, nervous manner. "A-a band aide. Sort of, one that doesn't stick."

Band aide is code of pain reliever. Something that doesn't stick, means she wants a pill or powder. Nothing with needles. No, I don't know this. I'm just using context clues.

I want something illegal, I'll just take it. No need for any code or coyness. Besides, who are they gonna tell? The cops?

'Um, yeah I had two bricks of cocaine stolen from my stash by little blonde fox girl. She also stole my pizza.' I hold in a snort at my inside joke.

"The pharmacy's got some liquid band aide shit." He says, nodding his head to the end of the alley. Telling her to leave.

Makes sense. If he trusted everyone that comes by looking for something. Then an undercover cop would catch him easy.

"I-I-I, I don't have the cash for them." She says and unzips her jacket. Causing the men to whistle as she shows off her front. Her chest covered by an orange crop top.

'Am I about to watch Burnscar sell her body for drugs?' I think as I watch the guy open his jacket while she closes hers. He nods to the drugs strapped to makeshift pockets on the inside. Listing off prices and times for her.

"Um, w-well, I can make a q-quick go right now." She says, rubbing the back of her neck. "I, I don't have anywhere we can."

"I getcha girl." The man says as he closes his own jacket. "How 'bout this? Lemme break a piece and I'll give you a kit-kat?"

'I'm lost.' I think as I just sit on the ledge of the roof, waiting for something to happen. Whether it be them fucking in the alley, or her fucking off.

…

Wut? I'm bored and waiting for an opportunity to brutalize this girl. Least I can do is let her get her rocks off before I do so.

Not like she did anything to me.

.

.

Mimi "Burnscar" POV

.

"We can, g-go around the back." I offer the man.

"Hmm, alright." He shrugs, and nods further into the alley. "After you sweetcheeks."

I nod and walk ahead. Not really thinking twice about it, it's just business after all. He gets something he wants, I get something I want. That's it.

The next few minutes are a bit of a blur as the cold September air on my skin. Focusing on everything else as I wait for him to get his fix.

'I need to think of what I need to do for my test. Bakuda is clearly insecure about her intelligence. So, I should set up a test she's bound to fail. That's easy.' I think as I close my eyes and ignore the slimy, crawling feeling on my sides as his hands travel up to my top. 'So cold. Kitsu, seems to be afraid of her family dying. So, find another Dallon and kill them? Force her to choose? That seems right.'

His hands are so cold.

"You got a decent pair on you." He says.

"Thank you." I say back, wanting him to just shut up and get it over with. 'This goes so much easier for me if you just shut up.'

I keep my eyes closed. Not wanting to remember his face after this. I know where he'll be, that's enough. So long as he doesn't change locations then-

Thud.

I open my eyes, blinking a few times as I see him slumped on the ground. Swiveling my head around, I make sure no one is looking before I pull my top back down and zip up my jacket.

Then looking down to the man, I go down and open his jacket. Grabbing the supplies I need and stuffing them in my jacket before standing up and heading off. Making sure not to go the way I came. Keeping a bottle in my hand as I double check and make sure no one is around. Before popping a few pills I think are Ketamine.

I know he has ketamine. He mentioned kit-kats so I imagine that's one of these. I just have to get somewhere safe within about, half an hour. Before it starts hitting. After that I can shove the other drugs off to some people for cash. So that Mimi can use them for, no use the drugs for, wait. Trade the drugs for cash, then, food, water, clothes.

'Oh, must have been stronger than I thought.' I think as I slip. 'Huh, he was selling the hard stuff."

It's, the world isn't fuzzy. It's just like, I stepped back a bit. And everything is like a video game now. The people I'm not immediately talking to, I don't really register their faces. The world outside of where I'm going is, just not important.

Though, the brightness is a welcome change from the usual. The chills and guilt fading without the need for my flames.

But, where am I going? I think I'm supposed to sell the drugs? No that doesn't sound right. Why would I sell them? I need to find somewhere to stash them.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

This is… really killing my vibe.

I mean, it's one thing to have to kill a mass murdering psychopath. It's another when it's a teen girl currently slumping through a back alley as she gets lost in them like they're a maze. Most people are avoiding her as they recognize that she's out of her gourd and unpredictable.

Most people in the slums tend to avoid those on drugs. They're like chimpanzees with flamethrowers, fun to watch. But not so fun to be near.

So yeah, the girl zonked out of her- oh wait. She just got pickpocketed by a man walking past her. And it wasn't even a good pickpocket, he almost tugged her jacket with that sloppy attempt!

Lucky for him, she's too drugged to really notice. Otherwise I imagine he'd be immolated by now. Or maybe not, she seems to be the most inconsistent of the Nine.

'Least you could do is something to make me feel better about what I'm going to do to you.' I think as I watch her sit down next to a dumpster. Vacant eyes and the occasional twitch of a smile.

I hop down, turning visible as I touch down and look her in the eyes. Her lost, emotionless eyes. For a moment, I imagine her with white hair, and a blue coat.

But I shake my head of those thoughts. Maureen was a girl manipulated and drugged into being a tool. She never froze anyone to kill them, only to get the voices to stop. She begged me to kill her, I didn't have a choice.

Though, the similarities are startling. And… and-

I take a deep breath. Closing my eyes and calming the pounding organ in my chest. Opening them again, I watch as the redhead in a tattered grey jacket and dirty jeans giggles. Waving her hands slowly in front of her face.

"You, you're pathetic." I spit out. Though she doesn't react. Only continuing to wave her hand in front of her face as she tracks it. "You're not even a killer. Just another victim looking for an easy way out that doesn't involve a stroll through traffic."

Again, no response as she puts her hand down and slowly looks up to me. A dopey smile on her face as she looks me in the eye, then looks up to the sky with a blissful smile. One that, I recognize Maureen having when she outstretched her hands. And cried as she asked me to end her life.

I let out a shaky breath as I hold in the lump forming in my throat. And reach a hand out, touching her forehead.

.

.

-The Rig, Main Debriefing Room, Thursday, September 30th, 9am-

.

.

Director Emily Piggot POV

.

"Autopsy reports confirm the man found dead in the van, had in fact died from blood loss due to several gunshot wounds found primarily in his chest." Armsmaster says as he gives the opening to the room of, very few.

Field Agent Responder Green, Head of Parahuman research and Ability Application, Jamez and Assault, that's it.

Most of our capes are in the field. Our movers are taking place as first responders. Many of our troops are out acting as security detail for members of New Wave after the reveal that Manpower was the one responsible for the Case Fifty Three bomb. Manpower himself is being held in a cell for both his own safety. And for questioning.

"Is it possible Kitsu used her illusions to mimic guns?" Field responder Green asks. "Her love of theatrics is well known after all."

"No." Armsmaster says, turning to face the man. "For one, the time between the Captain's Hill Diner's staff account of her being in the restaurant and the time of death, combined with the location of the bullet wounds,. The man would've been alive by the time Kid Win, FastTrack and Static Shock encountered her. If only barely. What's more is that the bullets as well as the casing's were recovered. And traces of gunpowder were recovered using chemical testing."

"Kitsu's hard light constructions are just that, condensed light." Head Parahuman Researcher Jamez adds for clarification. "While versatile and certainly powerful. They are not capable of replicating chemical or even molecular attributes. And they disappear after, as soon as she loses concentration."

"That, combined with the third set of footprints in the van lead us to conclude that a third party killed the man." Armsmaster says as he finishes up. "With the reports from earlier that day alongside the van we recovered from the front parking lot of Captain's Hill and the merchant we arrested. It's been concluded that The Scarecrow gunned downed the man."

'What they don't know. Is that the man killed. Was Doctor William Manton.' I think bitterly as I remember the thinly veiled threat I received from Chief Director Costa-Brown.

Something fishy is going on there. Something not even I am allowed to know. And it churns my guts to wonder what it could be.

It reeks of plots and schemes. And I'm not so dumb to not see that Alexandria and the Chief Director are involved.

"On the topic, what's the casualty rate so far?" I ask, steering the topic away.

"Estimated?" Armsmaster asks. "We're in the low hundreds, confirmed. Just over a thousand and a half speculated. I, would like to redirect to the man The Scarecrow killed."

I take a moment to give him a tense stare. Letting him know that he's on thin ice. And best be very careful with his next words.

"Very well." I nod softly.

"Well, the autopsy showed the man had a Corona Gemma." He says. "Same as Shatterbird."

Head Researcher Jamez hums as I try to think of what he means. But don't get were this is going.

"So he was a parahuman?" Assault asks with a shrug. "Could he have been the real Siberian? A Changer, or Breaker?"

"What is the connection?" I ask, not willing to play the guessing game and drag out such a serious topic.

"They had Corona Gemmas." Head Reseacher Jamez says with wide eyes as he looks up. "Just like Shatterbird and Permafrost."

"What?" I ask out loud.

"Yes, there is reforming and minor abscesses in place of where one's Corona Gemma would be on each subject." Armsmaster elaborates. "It was a mystery with Permafrost, but Shatterbird's autopsy revealed that she too was missing the crucial piece of her brain. And now this man."

"Kitsu developed a limited ability to absorb heat not long after Permafrost's death." Agent Green points out, bringing me and the other's up to speed. "She, could she be absorbing their powers?"

'That explains The Faery Queen's warning about her when she was captured all those years ago.' A terrifying thought runs through my mind. 'What if the Faery Queen takes Kitsu, or Kitsu takes the Queen?'

"She needs to be brought in." Armsmaster says firmly. "She's a danger even when controlled. The longer she's gone rogue, the more unpredictable she gets. And the more dangerous."

"You think we don't know that?" Assault asks as he leans back and pivots from side to side in the swivel chair. "But she refuses to even stop and hear anyone out. I ran into her, and she threatened to out my name if I didn't turn around and leave her be."

The topic of the runaway Case Fifty Three and walking liability brings my mind to another individual. One who could help.

"How is Vista?" I ask, knowing she was put through M/S protocol.

"Irritable, but understanding for the most part." Armsmaster says, being the one to drug her and lock her up.

We, had no choice. With the Birdcage compromised and more than ninety percent of its prisoners unaccounted for. We couldn't take any chances with her, as traumatic and unfair as it is to the girl. The public's safety is the priority.

"Is she fit for field duty?" I ask.

"You're not thinking of using her relationship as a tool against Kitsu?" Assault asks with a pointed stare as he leans forward. "Because that's-"

"Exactly what I'm proposing." I cut him off. "Understand this, Assault. My number one priority is the peace and safety of the public. With the current stakes, there is little I'm not above at the moment."

Assault stares me down as he huffs angrily. But doesn't offer any further comment.

"On the topic of Wards." Agent Green raises his hand. "What do we do about Static Shock? He's, not exactly thrilled about being kept in the dark about Ebon's escape."

Ebon and Static Shock are part of the same cluster trigger. And are drawn to each other. Through the kiss/kill dynamic, they hate each other. Ebon holding a deep grudge against Static Shock, and the same is true vice versa. Though I'm not privy to all the details.

"Where is he now?" I ask, not exactly thrilled at the idea of two of the most powerful Ward's potentially going AWOL.

.

.

-Ward Commons Room-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"You have to know something." Vergil presses. "Come on Missy."

"I already told you " I try to stress. "I, don't know. I was waiting on the boardwalk, then woke up on a roof. I don't know! I never had any contact with them."

Vergil looks away as he gets up and turns around. Heading away from the table and to the counter as Chris takes a seat next to me.

"I'm sorry about him." Chris says after a bit of silence. "He's… been like this ever since Ebon showed up."

Apology not accepted.

"Who?" I ask curiously as I look to Chris.

"An, old foe." Chris says. And I can tell he's hiding something.

Though, I don't have to wait much longer. As Vergil screams before letting out a minor shock, frizzing our hair and turning the electronics in the room off or on depending.

"Hey!" Lyra shouts angrily from the couch, growling as she gets up and her dogs start barking.

"Put a muzzle on it bitch girl!" Vergil shouts as he turns around, face red with rage.

"Whoa!" Dennis gets up and puts himself between the two of them as Lyra leaps up and starts snarling. "Chill out, both of you. Vergil, what the hell man?" He asks, his hands out to keep both hot heads separated.

"The hell?" He asks as he steps back and turns around. Causing Lyra to snort and go back to the couch as he dogs all stare Vergil down. "The hell is that the man I spent a year and a half pinning down is now out and about. Worst part is, the big wigs want me to keep my lips shut! Hell kind of bull is that?"

I furrow my brow at that. Knowing how it feels to be frustrated over the upper echelons decisions. Especially in regards to ignoring issues.

"Fuck me, where's Dean when you need him?" Dennis sighs to himself.

"I didn't know you swung that way." I say, hoping to distract from the current issues.

"Pffft!" Chris does a spit take with his soda as he thankfully looks away to do so. "Cauh! Aw! It went in my nose! Ah!"

"This isn't the time for jokes!" Vergil yells as he turns to us. "In case you haven't noticed, the bay is going to hell! The Nine are unchecked, the Endstopper is out playing their games, and Ebon is out on the prowl! He, was in the Birdcage!"

That, brings all of us to a halt as it sinks in.

"Now you get it?" Vergil says with a stressed smile. Running his hands through his dreads while giving a stressed laugh. "Ebon, broke out of the fucking Birdcage! Who's to say he didn't take others with him?"

I don't get to think on that, horrifying idea too much before the door opens. Revealing Miss Militia as she walks in and regards us.

"Static Shock, come with me." She says sternly.

"Why?" He says cautiously as he goes for his mask on the counter.

"I'll tell you when you come with me." She leaves no room for discussion.

That sets Vergil off as he turns into a jolt of lightning and flickers past Miss Militia. Who turns heel and runs out after the teen.

…

"Talk about getting nothing but static." Dennis says to try and, diffuse the tension… I guess?

…

'What's going on?' I wonder as I feel my world is crumbling around me.

…

'What do I do?' I ask to anything that will hear me out.

"What'd I miss?" Carlos asks as he walks in and takes his helmet off.

.

.

-East Railyard, Thursday, Sep 30th, 4pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Hauling several hundred pounds of steel cable around the abandoned sections of the railyard is really draining me. Mentally and physically. I'm still stocked up good on energy, a power spear a day from Mom over the last month or so has kept me over rather well. Though, I need to be strategic with what I have left.

Reaching one of the track rails in the ground, I dig under the gravel. Keeping the steel cable taut in one hand as I set some rebar down.

Tying the cable down around the steel track, I bend some rebar to hold the knot in place. Hoping this will stay in place.

"Should be good enough." I cock my head to the side.

"Y'know, you're rather hard to find for one so." I stand up turn around and see the shadowed man slink out of the pitch of a box car's shade, before crossing his arms and leaning against said car. "Noticeable."

I turn to him, and notice as two others step out of his shadow with him. On the right, an Asian man with spiky hair dyed purple. Dressed in loose jeans and a red jacket. An almost permanent looking grin on his face as he scans the area.

On his left, an orange furred woman with a high pony tail. Hoop earrings and a nose ring. Feathered wings in place of arms that end in sharp, four fingered hands. Wearing a tight purple crop top meant to accentuate her chest, and tight skinny jeans meant to draw attention to her hips. Her legs ending in two clawed feet, each with only two digits.

A black omega symbol on her midriff, below and to the left of her belly button.

"Hmm, expected more y'know?" The purple haired one says with an airy, higher pitched voice. "This yer stomping grounds little fox."

I don't answer him as I keep my eyes on Ebon, and my ear on him. The tangerine harpy looking girl flying up and perching on the boxcar just behind Ebon. Sitting on the ledge as she brings a leg up, resting her head in her hand.

"For now." I finally say.

"Hmm?" He hums from about ten feet away, behind me and to my left. "Yeah I get it, new place every week. Go where it's convenient and chill."

I keep my eyes on Ebon. Hearing nothing from him, and making me very uncomfortable with his presence. Mainly because, I don't like strangers. In any sense.

I did not sense him until he spoke up. And that concerns me. It takes a lot to catch me off guard. And the idea that this teleporting mover can do so, I don't like it.

"Aye, ease up on the mean eyes." He nods his chin at me. "If looks could kill, I swear." He mutters casually.

"Oh they can, trust me." I make a series of invisible needles press against his neck. "Wanna see hoe- how." I feel my face flush at the way my tongue tied itself.

I hate my mouth.

"Not here to harm ya little lady. Just wanna chat." He raises his hands in mock surrender. "Got a bit of a, proposition for ya. If you'll hear me out."

"Not interested." I say as I dispel the needles. "Unless it involves getting rid of the Nine then I don't want to hear it."

I have way too much on my plate for any deals. For now, I'm not even sure if Jack or any of the others are aware of The Siberian's death. So, currently running on more than a few assumptions.

"Aye little chica." The bird lady says in a light mexican accent. Like, she has it barely. "We came here for a chat, no need to be up in arms."

I look to her as I make an invisible bar trip the guy behind me as I hear him get closer. Which it does, trip him that is.

"You don't know me, do you?" I ask with a tilt of my head.

Not many people are willing to take an attitude with me. Least of all capes. Not unless they have something over me, like Vicky. She knows where I sleep. Or Amy… actually I think Amy would do so regardless.

"That's what we were hoping to do here." Ebon says, catching my attention. "See, we been gone for a hot minute. Things have changed a bit since we been gone, so we're out of the loop."

"Ugh, yeah." The man behind me says as he dusts off his jeans. "Lot can change in a year it seems."

'That explains it.' I think to myself.

Outside of Behemoth, most of my most notable appearances in public have been in the last year or so.

"Introductions then! First off. I'm not exactly a villain." I try to explain with my hands behind my back, hoping they'll leave.

"Exactly!" Ebon says as he puts his hands to his chest. "Neither are we, we just got put on the wrong side of the track."

The guy behind me snorts at the pun, seeing as we're in a railyard. And I glare at Ebon as he missed my point.

"Hey now, just hear me out." He asks, maybe sounding a bit more forceful than intended.

"Okay." I say as I cross my arms and lean to one side. "What's the deal? And make it quick."

"Knew you'd see it my way." He nods, speaking to himself before addressing me. "See, me and the hero, Static, we got history. You too from what I seen. not surprising, he has a way of making enemies."

I raise a brow, kind of seeing where this is going. But not entirely.

"I'm listening." I say appraisingly.

"A quick team up, you, me, and my crew." He says, holding a long, darkened hand out. "We can help each other. We drive the hero to the ground, and then we take this city by-"

He doesn't get any further as I cut his arm at the elbow with an illusionary blade.

"Arrgh!" He screams, his shadows receding to reveal the skin of a black man for a split second before the shadows cover it again and stretch out to reattach his stump to his forearm.

"What the shit!?" The man behind me says, before running forward. Charging me with a battle cry straight out of a video game.

I let him hit me as the harpy tries to launch up. Only for me to speed over, leaving an illusion of myself as I briefly go invisible. Appearing next to her. I grab her ankle as she tries to fly up.

She looks away from my illusion just before it dispels as the guy slashes it with a glowing blade similar to Mom's. Making me look as though I teleported.

I turn with her in my grasp, and slam her into the roof of the boxcar. Denting it as I hear a few bones crack.

'Lighter bones.' I think as I look in with my biokinesis. 'Oops.' I think as I quickly fix it.

She wheezes in a daze as I turn from her and look back to the two men. The Asian man sneering as Ebon turns to face me, using his shadows to grow up and meet me eye to eye as I stand atop the boxcar.

"Remember what I said about looks?" I ask with a smile as I cut his legs. Forcing him to fall flat on his face. Before those too get reattached.

"You'll regret this!" He howls out as the shadows start covering his form and stretch out to the others.

'Time to cut this one down at the root.' I think and I make a glowing illusionary noose wrap around his neck to yank him back up. Dangling him in the air before slamming him into the side of the boxcar I'm on.

"The arm was a warning." I say as I hop down and start walking towards him, extending my field of absorption and causing the air to grow chilly. "The legs were to show I'm serious."

I use the noose to bring him closer. The glowing of the noose keeping the shadows from fully covering him and letting him escape.

'He can't cast shadows over a light source.' I confirm.

"You said I'll regret that." I say, forcing him down to be eye level with me. "What did you mean by that?"

"N-nothing!" He gasps as he claws at the noose. "Just, just trying to get you to reconsider! It was empty! I swear!"

"Oh! I see!" I say as I release him. Letting him fall to the ground, gasping as he holds his neck with one hand. "Now, run along. Before I start making threats."

He looks up at me. The creases of his shadowed face turning to a glare, before I reach a hand out and grab his neck.

"And mine, aren't empty." I say as I just smile innocently.

I throw him back onto the ground. Not even bothering to watch as he fades into the shadows and slinks away.

Looking out at the cleared area, I pull out my phone and make a call.

…

"Hello?"

"Kenta! Where's Bakuda?"

.

.

-Boat Graveyard, Saturday, October 2nd, 4pm

.

.

'Alright [Conduit, just keep me posted.' I think to my passenger as I survey the desolate boatyard from atop a rusted crane. The setting sun casting long shadows between the rows of abandoned shipping containers and various smaller boats that are parked in the dry docks. Not so dry due to lack of any maintenance. Being shallow with stale, muddy and algae filled water.

[Affirmation] I get in return.

The plan here is simple really. I just need to find a more containable member. And I have a plan for each, a plan I've been working towards ever since day one.

Shatterbird wasn't viable since her task was first, and I needed to succeed or risk losing Missy, Amy or Dad. So in lieu of my plan, I decided to lower the difficulty rating and eliminated her while taking her shard.

Burnscar was, pathetically easy. Practically doing all the work for me herself. Siberian I had to get rid of, and it was pure coincidence that she was after Scarecrow when I went after her. Jack and Bonesaw, I need to avoid for obvious reasons.

Jack, for his shard's ability to forcefully communicate with others. And Bonesaw, because she cannot be reasoned with.

Manniquin, I'd rather just nuke. He genuinely scares me, the mere thought of him makes my arms burn. So vividly I can see the words.

Tag

Count

Tag, count, tag

Count, tag, count

Tag, count, tag, count, tag

Count, just count, don't talk back just count. Should've just counted, then I wouldn't have count. Count, one, two, three-

!

"Ah." I grimace at the minor headache [Conduit] gives me. Making me look around from my perch. But I don't see anything.

'What is it?' I think towards [Conduit]

[Iteration: Grounding]

It takes me a few seconds to realize what they mean. And on closer inspection, I see the shadows over the Boat Graveyard are longer than I last recall. And realize I zoned out.

'Oh, thank you.' I reply.

[Conduit] doesn't say anything further as I keep my attention on the scenery below. Even as the sun sets, I stay here. Keeping my eyes and ears open.

The only sounds being the creaking of rusted metal coupled with the crashing waves as the brisk autumn air blows. The color fading from my vision as night descends and my eyes adjust.

I see just fine at night, as well as I do during the day. The only difference being that the colors are, muted. Not grayer or lesser. Just, okay lesser is a good description.

'Okay, they're definitely here somewhere.' I think to myself as I notice just how quiet it is here.

The boat graveyard is Merchant territory. Inheritably a crappy and borderline worthless place. But one that is firmly in their control.

The homeless who can't find refuge in the few shelters Brockton has will end up here during the spring and winter. The brisk sea air makes staying here during fall unpleasant as winter approaches and makes it unlivable. But their should still be some people here. Drug dealers, addicts, the mentally unwell, scavengers and the like.

It's literally too quiet for where I am. And the winds coming from the bay are pushing away any scents I might catch.

'This is going to be a while.' I think to myself as I sit here and wait.

It's as I stay here, stock still as a gargoyle. That I hear something from one of the abandoned buildings. Something rough and hard is scraping the concrete. Like chalk against the sidewalk.

I close my eyes and focus. Hearing the sound more clearly as I focus my ears. It's coming from the abandoned dockyard to the north. The area having like, seven dockyards. The sound is coming from the one on the furthest edge of the district. Almost reaching into Topside.

Turning to the sound, I crouch while on the head of the crane and leap. Softly landing on a black illusionary saucer as I reach the apex of my jump. I soundlessly fly through the air, soaring over empty docks, rusted buildings and half sunken ships.

I make it to the end of the dockyard. Floating down onto a rail mounted crane. I dispel the saucer and listen.

Krrr… krrrr… crack

I look to the nearest boat house. The door facing me, and next to it a big set of double warehouse garage doors. Perfect for someone the size of a van to go through.

'[Conduit]?' I ask.

[Affirmation]

Looks like Jack isn't nearby. So no risk of shard hijinks. And listening in, I don't hear any other sounds. Nothing to indicate anyone else is home.

'Just need to get his attention.' I grin as I grab a piece of the crane's railing. Breaking it off with a yank, I aim. And throw it at the garage door.

…

And watch in disappointment as it sails over and into the bay.

…

"This is why I don't do sports." I sigh to myself as I hop down from the crane.

.

.

-West Slums, Merchant Rave Warehouse, Saturday, October 2nd, 9pm-

.

.

Stefan "SnowFlame" Bates-Englehart POV

.

Up on stage, in the spotlight. Crates of drugs on either side of me as I get ready to start this show. A crowd of my people ready to tear shit up as I pull out a baggy and open it. Holding it to my face as I snort the euphoric powder. Feeling the pure rush of power and pleasure course through me.

This is my kingdom! Here, I am the king nominated by the divine light of my god.

"Alright you party freaks!" I announce into the mic as I throw a fist into the air, the empty baggy dropping to the ground. "You ready to blow up the night with our righteous spirit!?"

I'm met with a chaotic cacophony of cheers and hollers as I hold my hand to my ear. Nodding, I let iridescent flames burn my shoulders.

"Then let's tear this shit up!" I scream as I kick a crate over. Spilling over bottles of pills and baggies of powder of various kinds.

I turn around and point to the DJ who nods and starts the radio. A sick guitar riff starting up as I toss the mic aside and leap into the crowd. Turning onto my back as I surf the crowd. Throwing my hands behind my head as I enjoy the good vibes.

The rush of the pleasure, the roar of the crowd. The lights and sound all coming together as I stand up, the crowd holding me up as I give a victorious roar. One my people echo as the music from the speakers flow through me.

"Everybody roar!" I demand as I pump my fist.

The wave of roars rattles my bones as they all obey me. Their king of high. Their sovereign of escape. Their prophet on the mountain.

"That's how we do it!" I roar as the base drops. "Woooo!"

The earth shakes under our might as we party. Before the wall crumbles. And the people drop me in a panic, though I land on my feet.

The roars turn to screams as the black beast of the Nine crashes the party. The little fox scampering ahead of him.

My blood boils as I rage at this injustice on my people!

"Oh hell naw!" I yell as I pull out another baggy and snort the gift of speed. "You crashed the wrong party bitch!"

I don't hesitate to run over to the wall. Finding the scaffold ladder and climbing up. Making to the rusted, wired grates above the dueling duo. I run across the wall and make a hard right. Following the path and placing myself above the big black bastard.

"Prepare for the righteous might!" I announce as I hop the rusty railing. "Of Snowflame!"

I land on the rough hide of the green monster, keeping my balance as best I can as I reel a hand back. Throwing a jab forth, I dig my hand into the beast's plated hide, causing its back to shiver as I give it a good fisting of my coke touch.

"Now feel the beauty of the white powder!" I laugh as he bucks and writhes like a bull. The black eyes lining his back looking to me in irritation as the tentacles from his sides whip me. "Yeehaw baby! Gonna take more than that to extinguish this flame!"

I send my white hot flames coursing through my body into his skin. Igniting the area around me in a fwoomf! Taking some of my high, but what really kills my buzz is seeing that it didn't do jack shit.

"Nice try." The beast laughs as it starts charging, busting through another wall as it takes to the street. "But you'll need to do better than that! Come on! Make me feel it!"

I grit my teeth at the taunt. Feeling my eye twitch as I punch another hole in the hide as I make footholds and handles in his meaty flesh. Climbing up his back as he barrels through the streets. Knocking cars left and right.

"Oh I'll show you!" I howl, holding on as he makes a hard right. Skidding on the asphalt road, nearly knocking me off when he slams into a building.

I hear the warehouse I was partying in collapse as he runs. Heading for the abandoned railyard by my guess.

"Got somewhere to be ya big bastard!?" I shout as I get to the frilled scales of his neck.

He doesn't answer me. Preferring to skid and whip to the left as I nearly get thrown. Growling to myself, I bring my legs up and plant them under the scales and kick with all my might. Tearing through his outer shell with a slow squelch as I prepare to do something either really dumb, or really awesome.

I fully rip the scale plate off. And snarl as I watch the plate grow back faster than I can do what I wanted. But not faster than I can stab the scale into him, preventing him from regrowing it in full.

"If I gotta nickel and dime you down I will!" I shout as I move over to another scale plate. "Crash my party will ya! You about to learn the consequences!"

I do this again, digging his severed scale plate into his neck. Rinse and repeat as I rip a third plate out. Only to fly forward as he stops suddenly. Flinging me off his neck as I spin in the air. Seeing just enough to watch as his jaws open up, and snap down on me.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Getting slow in your old age!" I shout back as I jump from the head of a lamppost, dodging a swipe of his claws as he leaps at me. His clawed hand coming close to my tail.

"I'm twenty four you runt!" He yells as I flip and kick off the side of his claw.

"That's like, twice as old as me you fossil!" I stick out my tongue as I run backwards down the street.

Just four more blocks, and he'll be in place.

I jump up as he dives at me. Flipping around midair, I launch myself off of an iridescent platform. Sailing clear over the security fence to the railyards as I leave the slums behind, Crawler causing more property damage as he treats the obstacle like a suggestion.

"You'd be endearing if you weren't so annoying!" He shouts as I power slide under an orange rusted boxcar.

"And you'd be… dang it." I hiss as I fail to come up with anything quickly.

I roll forward and craw to my feet as I run and keep my momentum. Stumbling only slightly as Crawler headbuts the boxcar out of his path like an eldritch rhino.

"I preferred when you were a crying mess." Crawler says as I let him get catch up, pretending to fumble on the uneven ground. "Weeping like a baby as you hid in a trashcan! Perhaps you just need a reminder of that day!"

'I remember it plenty.' I think to myself as I resist his taunts. Knowing he wants me to attack him.

I spot the area I was working on earlier. The small clearing between two sets of boxcars on the decommissioned tracks. I can see clearly due to my night vision, so I can see the steel cables just fine.

Grinning, I crouch into a ball as I use my illusions to make a flash. Activating my immovable power at the same time. Blinding Crawler and forcing him to skid forward and into the trap.

A series of screeches and twangs are heard before I open my eyes.

In front of me, lies Crawler. Having fell forward and fully into the trap. Steel corded cables wrapped around his neck as his legs are held behind him by more cables. Each one leading to the rails and boxcars on the parallel tracks to either side.

"Perfect." I say as I calmly start walking towards the manbeast I have trapped and tied down.

"You damned, rrgh!" He writhes as I step over a cable and make my way over to his front. His eyes all on me as I calmly walk to his front. "This is your grand plan? Can't kill me, so you trap me? You can't believe this will hold me forever!"

I reach his front. And turn to face him with a smile. Holding back a grimace at his breath.

"I, don't need to explain anything to you." I say as I pull out my phone and set it to record. "Just know, this. You have my thanks for being dumb enough to follow me here."

.

.

-Boat Graveyard, Boathouse, Sunday, October 3rd, 5pm-

.

.

Jack Slash POV

.

"And, that means you owe me fifty." I grin at Bonesaw as she lands on my property.

"Phooey." She pouts as she hands me the play money.

Things have been rather calm for us. Mostly debating who's turn goes next after Siberian comes back.

Scarecrow managed to get her to chase him outside the city limits, so Cherish doesn't know where they are right now. Just knows they were heading straight west.

He'll be back. I know he will. Joseph is too prideful to let Siberian chase him out of town. He has a claim to this city, it's his home. And more than that, there's a grudge holding him here.

A grudge I'm still working out how to turn against him. Like how Manniquin has a hatred, yet odd kinship with tinkers who try to better the world.

"Where's our dear Mimi I wonder." I hum, Thinking out loud as Bonesaw gets sent to jail. Snapping her fingers in irritation as the top hat is placed behind bars.

"She was out getting high so, I have no clue." Cherie says as she lands on Boardwalk and pays Manniquin. "Her emotions get mixed up and melded when she's high. Kinda hard to track anyone with an altered mind."

"You know, I could always go in and fix that." Bonesaw offers as I move pass free parking. Just barely missing it as I land on Manniquin's property, paying the man as he takes his turn.

"I'm, alright." Cherie says uncomfortably as Manniquin lands on the electric company. Owned by Bonesaw, but she's in jail.

"That's a rather-" I'm interrupted by a harsh bang on the rusted metal door of our boathouse home. "Hmm, odd. Is Crawler back perhaps?"

"Not him." Cherie shakes her head. "Actually, no one's there."

'So, a drone?' I wonder curiously as I get up and head to the door. 'Maybe a piece of the roof broke and hit the door?'

I open the door and look around the rusty boatyard. Long since put to pasture since Leviathan made ship travel almost impossible. Rusted shipping containers dot the area as the rusting crane and maintenance equipment up top make this place a hazard and all but abandoned.

We still get the occasional wandering group of kids, homeless or addicts. But it would seem the yard is particularly clear this afternoon. As I don't seem to spot anyone.

Looking down, I spot a small metal lunchbox on the ground. Pink and with little Kitsu's image on the front, winking and giving a peace sign as bubble letters read out. 'Just Try It!' under her.

'Oh the chaos turning such an icon to our side will be.' I give a smile as I lament the failure to get to her five years ago.

With my curiosity piqued, I pick the lunchbox up and head inside. Closing the door with my foot while opening the box.

"What is it Jack?" Little Bonesaw inquires curiously, cocking her head to the side.

I look up to the two members of our family present, and Cherish. Before holding up the small flashdrive contained within the lunchbox.

"Seems we just got a letter." I smile.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Ivan "Ebon" Evans POV

.

"Fuck!" I shout as I punch the wall, my shadow form gone as I regroup with my crew.

We retreated to an alley in the warehouse district on the south side of the city. Booking it here as fast as fucking possible.

"Man, what kind of kid is that?" Shiv asks as he runs his hands through his hair, pacing back and forth as he can't seem to stay still. "I mean, she just went all slasher at the drop of a hat! What if it was me? I can't pull myself together like that."

'This is my fault.' I think to myself as I put a hand over my face. Resting my forehead against the bricks. 'I didn't do enough research before hand. I got cocky and said the wrong things.'

"What the hell was her deal?" Talon asks angrily as she posts up next to me. "You'd think she'd know what it's like. That she'd jump at the chance for some, I'unno." She shrugs as she trails off, looking away as she delves further into her own thoughts.

"Maybe she ain't a Case?" Shiv tries to cheer the bird up as he hunches down, looking up to meet her eyes. "Maybe she's just a changer and we mistook her? She might not know what it's like."

"No." I say as I push off the wall, my shadows covering me once more. "If she were, then there'd be time she wasn't in form. She was like that all day, and when I first met her."

Slitted pupils, fur on her cheeks, extended canines, fox tail, fox ears. She's a Case Fifty Three like Talon.

"Sociopath then?" Shiv shrugs as he stands up straight to address us.

"Maybe." I recall how she left a dead body in a van and was just, going to leave. "Either way, she's gonna pay for that stunt she pulled."

"Ooh!" Shiv slides over to my side, getting on the tips of his toes to put an elbow on my shoulder. "Boss man's got a plan, I like~ what is it? Lay it on us."

"I ain't got one yet." I say as I walk forward, causing Shiv to fall. "Just a goal."

I get right next to Talon and place a hand on her shoulder. Causing the girl to look up with concerned and worried eyes.

"Hey, cheer up alright?" I murmur softly. "We'll get you answers. I promise, even if it takes years."

"You say that." She mumbles and looks away.

"Hey now." I say as I step around in front of her, holding my arms out. "Have some faith Tal, I always make good on my word don't I? I mean, I got us out of the birdcage of all places."

That reminder brings a soft smile to her face, before schooling it to her normal resting bitch face. She looks up to me and pushes off the wall.

"Look at you, getting all sappy and putting on a show." She pokes my chest. "What audience do you think you're performing for aye?"

I smile under my shadowed form as she returns to her sassy, abrasive self. Before it's interrupted by Shiv mimicking munching sounds.

Looking over to the shorter man, I shake my head at his antics. Laying down on the ground, miming the act of lounging on a couch as he pretends to eat popcorn.

"Oh don't mind me." He grins. "Keep going."

Talon shoves me back as Shiv cackles to himself. Rolling to his back as he holds his gut.

"Ah, oh it's good to be out." Shiv calms down, before jumping up to his feet and facing me. "Alright boss, what have we got?"

I hum as I turn from him. Pacing more towards the end of the alley as I think.

"Well, first thing is we'll need to get the rest of the crew over." I conclude as I turn to face my crew. "After that, we'll need to do some digging. Figure out the ins and outs of this city-"

I'm cut off from my monolog as I hear a car drive up to the end of the alley just behind. Turning around, I take in the site of the black SUV with blacked out windows. Stepping back as the side door opens to reveal the interior, and a white man in a suit and sunglasses stepping out and gesturing to the interior.

"Mister Evans?" The man says with a voice deeper than mine. "If you and your companions would kindly, my employer would like a word."

.

.

A/N

Kitsu turned invisible and knocked out the drug dealer after noticing Burnscar was dissociating. Not wanting to see what was basically molestation she knocked the guy out and let Burnscar incapacitate herself.

.

FUCK this holiday season was shit for me.

TLDR

Expensive car troubles twice over

Anxiety inducing work troubles twice over

Expensive house troubles once over

Family troubles five times over.

All in one week.

I will not elaborate.

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, Alduinian and 117 others
Newb to the game
Dec 29, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 79 Boatyard Bash! New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jan 31, 2025
Add bookmark
#856
A/N Boatyard Bash!

Alt title: The Newest Wave Rocking The Boat

.

.

I want to ask you guys a question!

If Kitsu were a boss in an RPG, what would her Boss Battle Music be? Personally I think Inferno – Nightcore, works really well.

.

GideonBlackthorn: See, while Kitsu often projects her own emotions and experiences onto others in order to feel sympathy. She also feels no obligation to help others. That's why she was a poor hero. She's ultimately selfish and wouldn't risk her family for a random victim of the [Cycle]

Mark and Amy are in stasis, as indicated my Missy waking up and having no memory of being confined.

SonicTundra: I have no response. Not that it's a bad comment, I just have nothing else to add.

Grimnosh: I am not saying Kitsu didn't love Kratos. She did. And I get it, pets are family. Hell, my mom gets upset over the fact that I felt more attached to my dog and was more upset when he was put down, as opposed to my grandmother (mom's mom) and her death. In her words, I'm putting her mother below that of a dog.

I chose not to say what I was thinking.

Anyway! It is not that I feel this way about pets as family, it is how Kitsu feels. She feels that Kratos had no choice but to love her as his creator/mother (however incorrect that may be) while her family chose to love her.

On to the rest of your review!

It was stated earlier in the story, during the signing to raise money for the hospital incident. When Emma showed up and got Kitsu's signature, Kitsu shook her hand and scanned her brain. No Corona Pollentia. So, Emma does not have the potential to become a parahuman. No triggers for her, sorry.

Oh, Marquis is going to tear Jack a new if he finds him. Marquis went to super prison for life with no chance of parole and no visitation in order to see his daughter's safety guaranteed. Fear the wrath of a protective father.

As for the Birdcage? No one knows where it is officially. And the news of an eight hundred villain breakout would absolutely cause a panic. The PRT is currently trying to see if they cannot quietly get that under control before shit hits the fan. It will hit the fan, they know it. But if they can manage to get say, half of the villains rounded up (or assassinated) before the public finds out. All the better.

Ebon is likely not going to face a fully motivated Kitsu. As unlike the Nine, Ebon keeps things "in house". In other words, he will not involve anyone in his beef against Kitsu unless they make themselves an issue.

RadChaos897: What we saw with the Marquis is a moment of genuine sympathy. As he imagines the way Carol is, as how he would be if something happened to Amy under his watch.

Really can't comment on the Crawler situation without giving away spoilers.

Missy really is being put through it. But a core trait to her character is her ability to get over stuff. In canon, she lost her crush, team leader, her dad, was kidnapped and presumed dead, forced to kill Shatterbird with her own bare hands, and more. All in the span of a year and a half. She's made of sterner stuff than anyone around her gives her credit for due to her age and apparent cuteness (aside from Kitsu, but that's one of the reasons she loves Kitsu so much)

The blue's clues "We just got a letter" thing, was intentional and I was hoping someone would find it funny.

Ebon and Talon aren't meant to come off as explicitly romantic. But for all of his faults, Ebon cares for his own. He and his crew, Shiv, and Talon especially, have been through thick and thin for years. And I thought that bonus scene was an enjoyable way of conveying that they are not just another group of villains. They care for each other. Unlike the Merchants, who are essentially tools to Scarecrow. Unlike the ABB, which puts on a front of unity but are basically just bullies ruled by the biggest fish in town (Uwa Uwa No Mi joke! If ya get it, ya get it.) Empire 88, which is now down to two thirds of what it was and is being disassembled by Ed's careful manipulation. And others.

.

Only 4 reviews on the latest chapter, I miss when I would get 10

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Boat Graveyard, Boathouse, Sunday, October 3rd, 5:10pm-

.

.

Jack Slash POV

.

Tossing the pink lunchbox to the side, one of Bonesaw's little spider borgs collects and scurries off to, somewhere. Probably to stash it for Bonesaw to use the aluminum later.

"Cherish." I look to the curious, freckle faced girl. "Be a dear and lend us your laptop."

"Yeah sure." She rolls her eyes and gets up, not bothering with a snarky remark as she gets her metal framed computer from her bag. Bringing it over and setting it in front of me as I sit back down at the table. "Here, just don't break it."

Bonesaw and Mannequin get up and stand behind me as I open it and type in the password. Giving Cherish a smile as I take in her worry over me knowing her password.

"Alright then, time to see what little Kitsu sent us." I say as I plug the flash drive into the laptop. Causing a new icon to boot up, labeled Shortcut 1. Opening it, I see the only thing in it is a URL link. Clicking it opens a webpage with the error sign. And I realize we're not connected to a network.

"Do we have Wi-Fi here?" I ask the three behind me.

Bonesaw shrugs and Mannequin gives a thumbs down.

"Well, that's inconvenient." I say as I unplug the flash drive. But it doesn't budge. At all, like it's magnetically attached. "Huh, well that's not concerning in the least."

"Be careful!" Cherish says. "Do you know how hard it is to get a decent laptop and not have it bugged?"

Rolling my eyes at her dramatics, I nonetheless stop. It would be a bigger inconvenience to have our only access to the internet disabled.

"Mannequin, do you think you could look at it?" I ask the faceless man.

I look back and see him nod. Getting up out of the chair, I let him have a crack at it. For all we know it's just stuck. Or it's booby trapped. But I can't think of anyway Kitsu would be able to rig an electronic. She's not a tinker or anything. Unless there's something I missed-

Click!

"Oh, did you get it out?" I ask, before noticing Mannequin twitching.

I turn as I hear the door slam shut. And notice Cherish had taken off. Leaving me, Bonesaw and the twitching Mannequin.

"Hmm." I hum as I realize the stage currently being set.

"Jack, what's going on?" Bonesaw asks with a tilt of her head.

"It seems… little Kitsu is cheating." I say as I turn to Mannequin and watch as he slumps. His limps falling limp as his finger is connected to the auxiliary input of the laptop. A loading screen now showing up on the screen.

And we see Little Kitsu show up on the screen. Smiling with eyes red. Two stripes of blonde fur on her cheeks. It looks as though she's in a rusted and abandoned building. Like us.

"If you're seeing this, you're alive and I get to have fun!" She smiles gleefully. "If you had access to wifi then the flash drive would've blown up with the force of a one pound block of TNT. Minecraft style! But, since you opened it without wifi, you no doubt tried to remove it, failed, and had Mannequin do it. Not saying what happened because you can suck a cactus for all I care!"

"Rude!" Bonesaw stomps her foot.

"So, here is how this is going to go. See, I think it's about time you got your turn to play a game." Kitsu give a smile as the camera turns to the side and reveals a caged Mimi, and the head of Crawler sticking out of the ground outside. Everything around is made to look like a jungle. Likely her illusions keeping her location hidden. "You have two of mine, I have two of yours."

'So, she intends to bargain them back.' I sigh tiredly. 'How, uninspired.'

"So, here's the game." Kitsu grins. "Ever play the new Halo game? Well, you get to be Noble Six. Welcome to the final mission."

"What?" I ask out loud.

"If you fail, Mimi dies." She smiles brightly. "And Bonesaw, your task is to return Amy and my Dad to my house. Unharmed, unchanged and in as good a condition as you took them. Otherwise, Siberian and Crawler die."

The image cuts out and the laptop screen goes black.

"What did she mean by Halo?" Bonesaw asks. "And how does she have Sibby? I thought Cherish said, wait, did Cherish lie!? Hang on, she said she has two! Is she lying, are they both lying?"

'At this point, it's likely.' I think to myself as I tap my chin. Before turning to Mannequin. "Well, there's little we can do about it now. Other than-"

I'm cut off as the roof caves in. A scaly, orange man with large bat wings crashing through the ceiling. And heading straight for me.

"Woah now!" I sidestep and dodge his charge. "So that's how it is?"

I grin as I take one of my knives out and throw a slash out. But the cut never makes contact as the man turns around and twirls midair, deftly dodging the invisible cut. And I notice him wearing a red and gold helmet visor.

"Well, that's neat." I comment as he touches down on the ground. "New style Firebreather?"

He doesn't answer as I watch his chest start to glow. And I take the chance to send out a slash as he stills. Landing a shallow cut on his chest before I have to jump away from a fire ball.

Only to get hit as he rapid fires a stream of fireballs. That's new.

"Jack!" I hear Bonesaw call out through the whoosh of flames consuming my senses. Grateful for Bonesaw's enhancements keeping me alive.

Angling a hard slash as another ball hits me. I pant as the stream ends. The orange Case 53 holding his face as the helmet lays on the floor, cut into two pieces on either side of him. Blood dripping down his face.

"Bonesaw dear." I say through pant of breath. "I believe our guest here needs a lesson in manners."

"On it!" She salutes and pulls out a small remote.

"Don't even-" Firebreather calls out, glaring as he holds his wounded face. But she presses the button anyway. Opening one of the storage crates.

"Go, Whirlwind!" She cheerfully shouts as the chimeric parahuman steps out of the crate.

Two toned skin of Caucasian mix. One eye blue and one green. Half his hair blonde and half brown. Wires coming out of his neck and going into his shoulders like corded muscles.

"That is sick." Firebreather grimaces as his one good eye looks up Bonesaw's latest work of art. A mix of Charybdis and Sky High.

With said work of art raising a hand and shooting a pulse of swirling air out with a pwoom.

The blast connects and sends him out of the warehouse. Crashing through the wall with a screech as it tears and rends the metal.

"Well, I have to say this-" I'm cut off as by the sound of something, off. Like a light, whispy bamf.

"Guten tag!" I hear behind me before a hand grabs my shoulder, and I'm suddenly several stories above the ground.

I turn around as I start to fall and see a grinning blue demon as they let go and salute.

I try to throw a slash out, but they disappear in a wisp of black smoke. My cut merely causing the smoke to waft away. Leaving me to fall to the ground below.

Looking around, I think fast as I fall. And spot a crane with an old, corded hook. Throwing out another slash, I cut the cord. Causing it to swing my way.

I reach out to grab it. Only to watch in shock as the crane itself starts moving. The base of the crane caving in on itself.

'How the hell?' I think as the old equipment falls with me.

I grit my teeth as I prepare for impact. Knowing I'll survive the landing but not looking forward to the impact. Or the crane that might land on me.

I don't have to worry about that, however. As I'm caught by a blast of air that slows my descent, if a tad roughly.

Spin and land on the concrete dockyard. Scraping my back and arms against the pavement something fierce as I roll. Stopping just as the crane lands with a loud crash in front of me. My wounds are all superficial, scrapes barely enough to bleed. But hell if it doesn't hurt.

"Whoo." I exclaim as I get up and dust off my pants. My shirt now being a mess of tattered cloth. Burned and shredded.

Looking around, I see a score of cargo containers and a few buildings. Making a veritable maze in this dockyard. One I can use to my advantage as I run and duck behind a cargo container while Whirlwind fights off Firebreather.

"Knock knock!" I hear a raspy voice say quickly before a blue streak passes by. And I feel a sharp pain in my jaw as I stare at the ground. "Down low!"

I feel the pain in my chin as I stare at the sky, a thumping pain in my skull as I land on my back.

"Too slow!" I see a brief image of... a blue lizard? Before a beeping is heard and it disappears.

Standing up, I shake my head clear. Once again grateful for the enhancements Bonesaw added to me. Otherwise, that headache might have lasted a bit longer.

'Need to hide.' I think to myself as I duck behind another shipping container.

Taking a breath. I listen to the sounds of battle as Whirlwind takes on Firebreather. Relying on my sense of sound to keep me up to date on the fight.

'No Mannequin. No Siberian. No Crawler, Burnscar or Cherish.' I think to myself as I look to the sky and try to think.

Only for my eyes to widen as they meet the yellowed eyed gaze of the blue skinned demon dropping down with a knife.

Spinning around I brandish my knife from my belt to slash his chest. One he deftly dodges with a limbo, his tail shooting up and grabbing my wrist. Pulling down as he shanks my side. The internal carbon mesh under my skin doing its job as the blade is stopped from hitting anything important past the skin.

"Scheisse." He spits out.

I twist my wrist, angling the knife down to nick his tail. Forcing him to let go with a hiss of pain. And then poof out of existence.

'Need a better hiding spot.' I think as I move.

.

.

-50 feet away, abandoned work shed-

.

.

Gully POV

.

"He moved, three feet south and ten feet west of his last position." I say into the comms piece as I track Jack's movements through the earth.

"I need a minute." Ben says. "Running everyone over here took too much out of me."

"Busy!" Firebreather shouts.

"Keeping track of Bonesaw." Jenny says. "Trying to find Amy and Mr. Dallon."

"I don't think I can pull that trick again." Nightcrawler says. "Also, he has some sort of skin armor, my knife couldn't go in too deep."

"I'll see what I can do." Faultline says.

'Kitsu really does know some odd people.' I think to myself.

"Nein." Nightcrawler says. "Remember what Kitsu said about his power."

'No parahumans can be near him for more than a few seconds.' I think to myself. 'Otherwise their powers might work against the user.'

"I'll keep his position posted."

.

.

-Few days prior, New Wave Ferry Station South-

.

.

"What is it, Jenny?" I ask as we all sit in the main living room. Me, Crystal, Firebreather, Ben and Pinky.

"Okay so, I got a voicemail earlier and well." The metallic girl starts off uncertainly as she rubs the back of her head. Making a slight scraping sound. "Okay so, I'll just call her."

"Call who?" Crystal asks with a furrowed brow, having moved into the station not too long ago.

Jenny doesn't answer her as she pulls out her phone and dials. Setting it down on the coffee table as it rings on speaker.

…

'Is everything okay?' I can't help but wonder as I look to my nervous, metallic friend.

…

"Yellow!"

"Kitsu!?" Crystal stands up. "What the hell!? Do you know how-"

"Stop talking or I hang up." Kitsu says, causing Crystal to go red in the face. But nonetheless shut up. "Okay! So, I have a plan. Who wants to make a couple million bucks and kill a mass murdering psycho?"

"What?" Pinky voices our collective thoughts.

"Simple, just as I said."

.

.

-Return to present-

.

.

Pinky POV

.

"I can run in and tag him." I say over the comms. "Worst case scenario, Night can just poof me to Kitsu and heal me."

"Stay safe." Gully says. "Stay on the move."

I take a breath and let my acid pool under my feet. Low acidity, high lubricant. Basically soap.

I take another breath to steady my heart.

'Come on Pinky.' I tell myself as I come out from my spot behind a crate and start skating. 'You got this! Just treat it like a video game! Tony Hawk, pro skater Me!'

I pass the main field of combat where Fire is fighting the puppet. It doesn't seem to do much other than be able to keep Fire from closing in. So that's good.

I skirt around a blast of fire that gets diverted my way by the zombie man. Holding back a squeal of fear as I twirl and power slide under the collapsed crane. Doing my best to not give my position away and lose my element of surprise.

I slide under the crane and make it to the maze of shipping containers. Some stacked up to two or three containers high. Sliding around a corner, I leave a slippery soap trail in my wake as I slow to make the sharp turns. My heart thuds as I skirt around a container, finding the man himself right where Gully said he'd be. Five feet away and staring right at me.

I pick up the speed and coalesce the strongest acid I can make as fast as I can right in my palms. Charging right towards him, I pirouette with my arms out. splashing the acid on him with a sharp sizzling sound.

"Ahh!" He hisses, and I feel a sharp burn on my arm as I round a corner.

"Agh!" I hiss in shock at the pain, clutching my bicep as I spin out and slide into the side of a shipping container. Hitting it with loud echoing clang as my head jerks and hits the side.

Breathing heavy, my blood pumping in my ears as I hear Jack's footsteps closing in. Head pounding as I contemplate just how badly I botched that.

"Hold on!" I hear Night poof in and grab my shoulder. Then poof out with me in tow. My vision now on the coastline as I stare out from atop a roof. "Be right back!"

I don't even see him as he poofs away. And I'm left to calm my palpitating heart as I check my arm. And wince at the deep gash just below my shoulder.

"Hopefully Kitsu can fix this." I groan as I sit down and catch my breath. Not from exhaustion or anything, but from sheer adrenaline of going near one of America's deadliest. "Ugh, my head is killing me."

Hopefully Nightcrawler gets back to me soon and gets me to Kitsu. Get me patched up and back out there.

.

.

-200 ft south, atop the adjacent dockyard's shipping crane-

.

.

Jenny POV

.

Keeping my eyes zoomed in on the fight. I keep my thermals focused on the warehouse. Seeing a total of five heat signatures. One is clearly a little girl moving around frantically. Two are teen girls, and the other two being more adult shaped. One of them being large.

I watch Bonesaw's signature moves around frantically. Running from container to container. Doing, something.

And one of the beings in the containers start moving. The big one. Shakily stumbling out. Bonesaw points, and the person charges out of the warehouse.

"Heads up!" I yell into my comms. "Bonesaw just let another one loose! And it's a big one, probably a brick of some kind."

"Fuck me." Fire groans.

I resist the urge to look over to him, knowing my thermals will blind me if I do. And there's the fact I have to keep an eye on Bonesaw. We lose her, there's a chance we lose our chances of rescuing Mr. Dallon and Amy.

I shiver in fear at the thought of what Kitsu would do if that happened.

.

.

-Few days ago-

.

.

"Currently, the nine are in one of the abandoned warehouses in the boat graveyard." Kitsu says.

'How does she know that?' I ask myself.

"Wait, if you know where they are then why haven't you gone after them?" Fire asks the more important question for us all.

"Several reasons. The big one being the same reason Jack has managed to avoid being captured or killed." Kitsu says, and we all lean in curiously. "His power. In case you all haven't noticed, most powers have a gimmick. Firebreather being a human dragon. Ben being the gene splicer of the century. Pinky being what every paranoid anti vaxxer claims chemicals will do to you."

"Hey!" Pinky snaps.

"Jack is no different. His power revolves around broadcasting." Kitsu ignores Pinky. "Broadcasting his attacks, and his influence."

"What?" Crystal asks.

"TLDR, he's a master. And the longer you're around him, the more likely you are to do something that either gets you killed or makes him let you go." Kitsu says. "Heck, in extreme cases you can have your own powers fail on you."

'That would explain so much!' I look up to the others with wide eyes. And meet the gaze of Gully and Crystal as they understand the implications.

"Why are you telling us?" I ask, concerned this is a sort of now you know too much, thing. "Why not go to the PRT? And why not take him out yourself if you're aware of his influence?"

"Because I'm more susceptible to his mastering." Kitsu says, making my motor of a heart miss a beat. "And I can't risk him deciding to cut his game early and killing Amy or Dad."

"What about us? And again, why not go to the PRT?" Gully says again.

"Because there are certain capes who are less susceptible to his influence." Kitsu says. "And of the people in the room, Ben and Crystal are the only ones fully susceptible."

I look up and try to piece together what the connection could be. Then realize that Crystal and Ben are the only non Case 53s. 'But that doesn't make any sense! That would mean Kitsu is less susceptible."

"Kitsu, you're avoiding the question." Gully says.

"For good reason." Kitsu says. "Anyway, I need you guys to avoid getting too close to him for too long while keeping him on the run."

.

.

-Time returned, midair above the dockyard-

.

.

Firebreather POV

.

"Fuck me." I sigh as I watch a bald, seven foot tall hulk of a man charges out of the warehouse. Bald, grey skinned, and with metal studs in his head and shoulders. His chest a blackened, bloodstained metal surface. Thankfully, he's wearing shorts.

The beast of a man looks to me, an angry scowl on his face as he crouches and jumps. Shooting up fifty feet in the blink of an eye.

I put my arms up in a cross guard as he hits me. And I hiss in pain as an audible crack rings in my ears. My arms bruising immediately.

Nothing feels broken. But something feels bruised as he grabs my wrist and clamps down. Forcing me to hold his full weight as he gradually crushes my wrist.

My heart thuds as adrenaline burns through my veins. And I decide to say fuck this guy as I flap my wings. Going up slightly before making an immediate, vertical U-turn. Heading straight down, I twist my wings into making me corkscrew down. The concrete shipping yard approaching rapidly as I angle my wings and pull up last second. Slamming my ride along into the dock. Dragging the man across the concrete as I dodge a mass of swirling air and use the momentum to fly towards the water.

I flap my wings harder and harder, dragging the mindless brute through the pavement and towards the edge of the dock. Looking down at the beast eating the concrete, I feel my chest burn as I unleash a torrent into his face right as I bust right through the guardrail. And he drops in the ocean. Disappearing beneath the calm waves.

I fly back up and keep an aerial view. The afternoon light casting a shine on the waters below.

"Ben, if you decide to go aquatic be careful." I say as I turn back to the docks and circle around the warehouse, keeping just out of the wind guy's view. "There's a nasty brute in the water."

"Noted!" The eager yet serious boy says.

I see Jack pressed against a shipping container as I circle around. And I desperately want to take a pot shot. But remember the plan and stick to it.

'Go off script now, and it all goes to shit.' I tell myself. 'Play your part.'

.

.

-Few days ago-

.

"Jack is going to catch on to the fact that he's being tracked if you keep hitting him when he hides." Kitsu says. "So, you need to keep attacks quick and spread out. Don't give him time to catch his breath. But don't constantly bombard him."

If it were me. I'd be able to rip him to shreds or just melt him.

"Wouldn't it be better to keep attacking him?" I ask, not getting the logic.

"Fire, what do you do when you're cornered, and you know the enemy knows where you are?" Kitsu asks. "You fight harder, or you flee. We can't risk Jack fleeing, so we need to weaken him and keep him off guard."

"Why don't we want him fleeing?" Ben asks. "I mean, if he's gone then I say that's a win."

"Because it's not enough." She says seriousy. "He'll rebuild his merry band of murderers and come back later. Likely more prepared and with a vendetta. But don't worry, I have a few back up plans in case he gets smart... that and I want him to suffer soooo, bonus!"

"What kind of back up plans?" Crystal asks, irritation and concern ripe in her voice. "You've been MIA for over a week! Aunt Carol is a mess and you're off playing their games!"

I put a hand on her shoulder, causing her to freeze and look to me. Closing her eyes and taking a breath as she calms down.

"That's because I was buying time." She says like it's obvious. "Buying time to get these plans in place. And I haven't reached out to Mom or Missy because I'm not willing to risk them."

"But you're willing to risk us?" Pinky asks as she crosses her arms with a frown. "You know how that sounds, right?"

"Do you want me to lie and say I have no other option?" Kitsu says dryly. "Because I will if it makes you feel better."

That has a noticeable effect on Ben. Looking more hurt than anyone else. Hearing his idol doesn't value him.

"Ow." I say in an equally dry tone. "Tell us how you really feel."

"Anyway!" Kitsu says loudly to get us back on topic. "I have a few things in place. So, when you face off against Jack, the only back up he should have is Bonesaw. I got the heavy hitters; I just need you guys to take out Jack."

Easier said than done.

.

.

-Time Resumed, Abandoned construction site across from the dock-

.

.

Benjamin "Ben" Tennyson POV

.

I stare at my watch, cursing the damn timer as I tap my foot on the ground as I stay hidden in the abandoned tent city across from the abandoned boatyard. The homeless having long since cleared out due to the psycho's who moved in next door.

'Man, judging by the number of tents here, there had to be at least a hundred people.' I think as I guesstimate the number of tents. 'You'd think word would get around and reach the PRT that there's some shady people here.'

My watch beeps and turns green as I muse to myself. Tearing me from my thoughts.

Snapping my gaze back to the device. I feel a grin stretch across my face as I cycle through the numbers and pick a speedy character. Knowing I can't stick around the guy too long.

Allegedly.

"Come on, there!" I say as I hit the icon. Feeling an initial sting as I slam the device down before the safety kicks in. Shutting off my pain receptors as I painlessly grow a thin membrane under my arms and feel my spin distend. My skin thickening and my neck growing an extra layer of muscle.

"Jetray should do nice!" I say to myself as I start to jog across the street and go to jump in the water.

Probably should have gotten closer to the water first. This splice isn't so good at running.

"You really need to stop talking to yourself." Pinky says as I hit the water before I can retort.

'And she needs to get a few clues.' I grumble to myself. 'Or, or I would've come up with something!'

Feeling my eyes adjust to the water and correct my vision. I see through the water clearly as the gills on my neck open.

…

'This place needs a janitor.' I think as I soar through the water at blistering speeds. 'Stay focused!'

Spotting the brute Firebreather mentioned. Right under a portion of the docks and going for an underwater hatch of some sort.

Going into a spin, I extend my claws out and catch the brute in the back. Causing them to let go of the ladder and sink back down.

Kiting back around, I notice he can't see under the water. Not with the way he's flailing his arms at least. And he likely can't breathe either.

'It's not a person Ben.' I tell myself. 'Whatever it was, died long ago. It's basically a zombie.'

With that thought in mind, I speed towards it and go to claw its throat. But I can't bring myself to do it.

Instead, I bring my hand up last second and claw its eyes. And swim away, content in knowing I disabled it. Removing it as a threat.

Swimming back around to the edge of the dockyard. I get to the surface and breach. Looking up, I notice Firebreather is still keeping the other zombie bozo busy. Giving me an idea as I dive down and pick up speed. Swimming around the dock, I listen and feel for the water displacements as I aim for my next target. The rumbles of air blasts guiding me to the zombie.

I flap my arms and pull up as hard as I can. Shooting out of the water like a missile as I soar up and twist. Making myself face the right direction, I dive. The blonde zombie in my sights as I prepare for impact.

Clenching my eyes shut as I hit. Only feeling a moment of pain as my watch flashes. My pain receptors turning off as I'm forcefully changed into that'll survive the impact. Feeling my tail recede into my spine, my muscles expanding as my gills are absorbed and my webbed membranes fade. My skin hardening in specific areas as I feel myself bulk up.

"Cannonbaaallll!" I shout as I roll up and charge out of there, the zombie squishing under me as I get out of here before my watch times out from the emergency transformation.

I feel myself hit a few things. But nothing stops me, and I don't hear anyone say anything over the comms. So, I don't stop until I hear the beep of the watch.

Unfurling myself just in time to skid across the ground. My shirt torn to shreds and leaving me in my stretchy cargo pants.

I land on my back, staring at the multicolored sky. The pinks and purples blending into the blue as the sun sets.

'I need to find a way to extend the timer.' I think to myself. 'Or a better way to switch forms. One that doesn't come with a chance of turning me freaky full time.'

I sit up and catch my breath. Looking down at my bloodstained body. And I notice the sticky wetness on my back.

"It wasn't a person." I say to myself as I clench my eyes shut and push the thoughts out of my head. "It was just a zombie. Like playing a video game. Like Resident Evil."

'You're fine. It's fine.' I think to myself as I feel a spicy burn in the back of my throat. Like a bad case of heartburn. 'No one got hurt. You saved Fire. You're a hero.'

'A hero on a timer.' A darker part of me whispers.

.

.

Firebreather POV

.

'Damn.' I think as I touch down on the ground, staring at the small crater in the concrete. And at the mangled pancake that was Whirlwind. 'No wonder Ben has an ego.'

Took him all of thirty seconds to jump in and take out the guy giving me trouble for the past three minutes.

"Someone, check in on Ben." I say as I turn to the warehouse and touch down.

"You broke him!" The little blonde girl peeking out of the warehouse whines. Stomping her foot angrily. "I liked that one! Do you know how hard it is to find two people with such complementary powers!? You didn't even get to see how he flies." She moans sadly at the end.

I know her appearance should be off putting. Make me feel something about her. Like, it's just a little girl! But, living around and training with Kitsu has left us all… desensitized.

"There are three left in the warehouse. I can't make out if either are Mark and Amy, or others." Jenny says. "For all I know, all three are more freaky zombie people."

"Then I say we take her now." I say as I walk towards the girl. Keeping my fire ready. Both to use, and to keep my body temp up and kill any diseases or parasites she might toss at me.

This is why me and Jenny are the ones focusing on Bonesaw and finding the hostages. Jenny isn't organic. And I can raise my body temp to absurd degrees.

"What, hey." The little girl says, her eyes going wide as she realizes who my target is. She starts back pedaling further into the warehouse. "Stay back! Stranger danger! Mister Jack! Help me!" She screams.

"I'm on my way to assist!" Jenny says. "Just in case she has something."

"She has everything." Pinky says. "Her whole deal is medicine made evil."

"Guys!" Gully calls out. "Jack is beelining south towards Firebreather."

I pivot on my feet and gather the heat in my throat as I watch Jack round the side of a shipping container. Not wasting time thinking, I let loose a torrent of flame.

"Argh!" I wince and step back as my vision is lost. Jack having somehow aimed right at my other eye with his slashes. Cutting through my flames.

"Fuck!" I curse as I cover my face. Extending my wings and taking flight immediately.

"Fire! Are you okay?" Pinky asks.

"Firebreather, what happened?" Gully asks.

"I'm blind! He managed to get both of my eyes when I tried to get him!" I hiss as the air make my wounds sting.

"I got you!" I hear the accented voice of Nightcrawler say over the comms then right next to me as I feel a hand on my shoulder. "You can stop flying."

I do as he says and feel my feet touch the pavement.

"Hey Fire." I hear Pinky say tiredly. "How's everything going?"

I sit down on the ground and let out a groan.

"At least no one's dead!" I hear Kitsu say cheerfully. "Now sit up, gotta get you new peepers or Crystal might try to shave my tail."

.

.

Jenny POV

.

I crash down between Jack Slash and Bonesaw. Raising my hands up to the two serial killers, I power my hand canons and allow them to glow with charge as I take in the two.

Bonesaw looks as creepy as always. Blood covered little girl that she is. Jack looks like a mix of Freddy Krueger and Johnny Depp. His shirt gone, his right arm and shoulder freshly burned, and pock marks of sizzling and boiling skin from Pinky's acid.

"Alright creepazoids." I say as I look between the two and try to think of something.

We need to take Bonesaw alive and kill Jack. But we can't let Bonesaw know we killed Jack. Otherwise, she might go all plague doctor and kill Mr. Dallon and Amy. Among a potential score of people.

That's why we were keeping them separate.

"Well, it seems you have us at a disadvantage." Jack smiles serenely, half his face burned with a hole in his cheek. "You no doubt know us, but might I get your name?"

'Someone, tell me what to do!' I think frantically. 'What's the call? Do I take Bonesaw and leave Amy and Mr. Dallon at the mercy of Jack? Or do I take out Jack and possibly kill off Amy and Mr. Dallon?'

And after we went through the effort of separating them!

"You got this!" I hear as I keep my eyes on Jack.

I look back over to Bonesaw just in time to see the wisps of black smoke as Nightcrawler whisks her away.

I feel a pressure on my neck as I turn to look back at Jack. And see him with a knife in his hand.

"I must say." He says as he loses his smile. "This is getting to be rather, frustrating."

"That's my line." I say as I aim both my hands at him and let the energy beams fly out.

Jack dodges to the side. Avoiding both lasers and throwing another cut out. One I feel press against my eyes. But doesn't do anything.

"Really?" I roll my eyes and aim, charge, and shoot. "Bit of a one trick pony!"

"What can I say?" He says as he kicks a metal beam in the way of my laser. "If it works, it works."

"Yeah well, it's not." I scoff and shoot him again, gritting my teeth as he somehow dodges and ducks back into the maze of shipping containers. "Rrr! Get back here!"

I blast after him, taking flight as I follow him. And immediately lose him as I take the corner he took.

"What?" I ask as I scan my eyes over the area.

"Above you!" Gully yells into the comms.

I blast forward and turn around. Spotting Jack on top of the container he had disappeared behind. And watch as he jumps down on the other side.

"Oh no you don't!" I say as I go after him.

"Jenny, you've been around him too much." Gully says. "You need to head back, make sure he can't master you!"

"I'm fine." I say as I run and round the corner, only to find he disappeared again.

"No, you're not!" Gully says. "Jenny you're being reckless. And not even in the way you normally are. He should be no match for you and yet you're struggling just to keep up with him. Fall back!"

"I'm just getting frustrated is all!" I say into the comms. "Just lay off me and let me do this!"

"Behind you!"

I feel sharp pain course through me as my vision blacks out. My limps no long responding as I try to move.

"Huh, Taser beats robot." I hear behind me. "Good to know."

'How!?' I think as I can't feel, anything! 'No, no this is not how I end up on the news!'

My vision slowly returns as I look into the brown eyes of the psychotic serial killer. His grimy hand holding my chin as he squats over me. Taser and knife in his other hand.

"Now then, let's see what we can do." He says as he sticks the blade under my eye and grins maniacally. "That's it! Now let's see what your worth to your friends."

My vision shakes as the ground rumbles. And Jack looks up, clicking his tongue as looks out at something.

"You're like roaches." He says as he lets go of the knife, and I see nothing as he presses the Taser to my head.

.

.

Gully POV

.

"Get away from her!" I shout as I stab my shovel into the ground and open a crack the dock under him. Making him fall into the hole as water fills the crack. The Taser dropping next to Jenny.

Abandoning my shovel, I run over and grab Jenny along with the Taser. Carefully dislodging the knife wedged under her left eye before pocketing that as well.

Evidence or tool, take what you can get.

"Jenny, Jenny!" I try to shake her awake. Cursing as she doesn't respond.

I heft her up, struggling to hold her entire six hundred pound frame over my shoulders as I start jogging away.

"Agh!" I cry out in pain as I feel my ankles slashed, my legs giving out and forcing me to fall forward. Jenny rolling over me and fumbling to the ground before me with a thick clang.

Looking back, I grit my teeth as I see the soaked, half burned man crawl out of the crack. One hand on the ground holding him up, the other with a knife extended. His black, slicked back hair now cascading over his face. Panting heavily with a manic grin on his face.

"You, you just keep coming." He huffs out in a shaky voice. "Hah, heh ha! To think this-"

I don't let him finish as I slam a fist to the ground and close the fissure with him inside. And grit my teeth in frustration as he pulls himself up fast enough to avoid being crushed.

"To think, Kitsu went so far out of her way." He pants as he starts stalking forward, knife in hand, open mouthed grin as he brandishes his butcher knife. "To set this all up... and couldn't even bother to show up herself. Guess I was wrong about her."

He chuckles as he runs a hand up his face and slicks his hair back.

"No matter." He sighs, his face resting to a calmer smile.

'I need to get out of here!' I think to myself as I glance down and notice the profuse amount of blood I'm losing.

"If she's not serious enough to show up, I have no reason to keep any hostages." Jack finishes.

He flicks his wrist, and I wince as I feel a deep gash form on my shoulder. Panicking slightly as I quickly lose all feeling in my arm.

"First though." Jack says as he walks beside me and looks down at me with a calm, almost friendly smile. "You need to tell me where you took little Bonesaw."

"I will." I say through labored breath as I feel my consciousness start to fade, my heart beating faster and faster in my chest as I realize this is where I die. But I feel something through the ground. Someone is coming!

'I just, just need to hold out!' I think as I feel the individual running our way.

"Just, promise me one thing… first." I tell the looming edgelord.

"If it'll put you at ease." He says as he presses the blade to my neck, giving me a sympathetic smile. "I'll make it quick. That's a lot more than some get."

"Good." I grin. "You can find her next to your grave. Now hurry up and rot in hell."

I pull the Taser from pocket and shove it into his leg. It won't kill him, but hell if he gets the last laugh.

"Aaaagh!" He tenses up, dropping the cleaver and falling back.

I crawl back and sit myself up next to Jenny, wincing when I try to move my legs. I realize I'm standing anytime soon.

"Today… just isn't my day." My chest goes cold at Jack's words.

I look up to see the man shakily getting to his feet. And balk at just all he's been put through and survived.

Jack doesn't say anything else as he walks towards me.

"We're done here." He says as he shakily bends down and grabs his cleaver. Stands up and swings his arm out.

I close my eyes and await the end. And then, three things happen at once.

The first, is the person I felt running finally makes it over. And I hear their footsteps. The second, is a sudden rumbling in the ground. The third, is Jack crying out in pain.

Opening my eyes, I feel a wave of relief and shock wash over me before I pass out. The last thing I see, is a glowing spear lodged inside Jack's shoulder. The second, is a white capsule erupting out of the ground in front of me, before it recedes into the form of a thin man with frizzy brown hair.

"Jack, long time no see."

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

-Meanwhile-

.

.

Alan "Mannequin" Gramme POV

.

[Error: Auxiliary Power at 43%]

[Error: Auxiliary Power at 43%]

[Warning! Multiple System Error]

This is it. This is how it all ends for me.

[Oxygen Intake Vent: compromised]

[Photoreceptors: offline]

I can tell. Is this what it'll be like to die? An endless void?

[Sanguine Pump: operating at 23% efficiency]

[Sanguine Filtration System: offline]

[Auxiliary Filtration System: Not Found]

That's, concerning. Seems my systems are being disconnected by the virus.

[All Mobility Rotors: Offline]

Already knew that too.

[Initiating Emergency Preserva#- error. Subroutine not found]

That figures. They would've kicked in by now otherwise.

[Error: Auxiliary Power at 40%]

No big bang for me. Not even a whimper.

[Error: Essential System (Thermal Regulation Unit 1-3) Offline]

Just a slow, quiet slip into the night. An end, to the end of me.

[Error: e-err- Auxiliary Power at 34%]

Am I supposed to, feel something?

[Warning: Auxiliary Power Battery compromised. Currently running at 40% efficiency]

Why don't I feel anything?

[Error]

…

[Error]

…

[Warning: Auxiliary Life Support; Shut Down Imminent]

Finally.

…

…

…

…

.

.

A/N

In case it wasn't obvious. Kitsu is pulling some strings. She always knew that she couldn't risk getting near Jack. So once she learned Jack was targeting her, she went dark Deku. Pushed herself away from her loved ones to minimize any chance of them getting further caught up in this and forcing a face to face with Jack. So, she bought herself time while killing off the most problematic to deal with. Shatterbird because her sonics would fuck with her ears. And Siberian, for obvious reasons. Crawler to get rid of his bodyguard.

After that, calling in a favor from Wade for a virus riddled flashdrive and few other things not to be mentioned for spoilers. It was just a matter of convincing the right group to rescue Amy and Mark. The more inactive the shard, the better.

Jack's Shard still affects Thinker shards, as seen when Legend had a clear sight on him, and chose not to kill him in favor of a chance at killing Siberian who he deemed "more imminently dangerous."

.

Questions!

For Kitsu!

For NEWB!

.

Special announcement!

Next 3 chapters I release will be Kitsu chapters!

Let's make up for lost time!

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
Last edited: Feb 2, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, copsoutside and 113 others
Newb to the game
Jan 31, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 80 Jack and Jill went up a hill New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Feb 6, 2025
Add bookmark
#889
A/N Jack and Jill went up a hill

Alt title: Jack fell down and broke his crown

.

.

Crywolf178: I now imagine it as Brocton Bay being an open world RPG like Spider Man ps4. And anytime you encounter Kitsu, depending on your choices her music and fighting style changes. Like, the more of a nuisance to her or her family you become the darker and more sinister her music becomes. Kill a member of the Dallon Family and you essentially get a timer if you don't cover your tracks.

GideonBlackthorn: And next chapter comes out with all the answers! Most of them.

Joeytrusty: I agree whole heartedly with this.

RadChaos897: Nah I loved reading that wrestling commentary.

Jack stands NO CHANCE. One of the reasons [Broadcast] has less effect on [Shaper] is because [Shaper] outranks them. And unlike with Amy, [Shaper] likes The Marquis.

And Jack had to flee Brockton when he had the entire Nine at his back. Now, it's just him against the man who beat him back before. And prison didn't dull The Marquis's fighting prowess, it enhanced it. Meanwhile Jack is down his WHOLE team and an arm. He's been drowned, burned, tazed and ran ragged across the docks. And The Marquis is coming in on a full tank.

I have rescinded the statement of a family member dying! (For now). Reason at the end.

It's Inferno – Nightcore (rock version)

SonicTundra: Keep in mind, [Broadcast] was also influencing her. Exaggerating her bad habits and making her sloppy. She knew Jack's power made people make less than ideal choices when it came to him. But being arguably the strongest member of the Newest Wave has made her very cocky. Not as bad as Ben (who has only ever admitted defeat against Kitsu) but still pretty arrogant.

I, want happy. So happy it will stay.

Grimnosh: An unlikely team up, Brandish and The Marquis. How will this end? In tears, fear, beers and cheers? … Something else that rhymes!

Find out now!

.

Much better number of reviews. Still missing a few long time reviewers (DancingLeaf, Kaykaykayan, T4ndoris, Cassnova5424)

But oh well.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Boat Graveyard, Sunday, October 3rd, 5:50pm-

.

.

John "The Marquis" Lavere POV

.

"Jack, long time no see." I say as the bones I used to tunnel through the concrete recede back into me. I look him up and down, taking in his haggard form. Shirtless, half burned, wet. And there are pock marks in his skin that trigger a mild sense of trypophobia in me. "You've certainly seen better days."

He stands up straight, angling an appraising glare at me as he tilts his head.

"I'm sorry, do I know you?" He asks before chuckling. "I seem to be saying that a lot lately."

I give an unimpressed huff. Not particularly buying into his false bravado.

"Carol, be a dear and see to the girl's injuries." I say as I undo my cufflinks and fold up my sleeves.

"Piss, the fuck off." She glowers as she loudly marches up next to me.

"Mrs. Dallon!" Jack smiles as the spear in his left shoulder dissipates, leaving a cauterized hole. "A pleasure to see you." He gives a sarcastic bow. "Unfortunately I can't exactly greet you-"

I step to the side as I can practically feel her anger. And none too soon as she winds up a spear and tosses it.

Jack steps to the side, dodging the spear with a smile as he sends out a slash.

Throwing my arm up, I form a shield of bone around my forearm to cover Carol in an instant. The slash splintering parts of the surface off. But not going through.

I pull my arm back and quickly grab the splinters as they fall. Then swing my arm back out, throwing them like caltrops at the serial killer. Watching as they pop at his feet, sending small shards into his legs.

"You've gotten faster with your weapons." I comment to my temporary teammate. "I remember when it would take you at least a few seconds."

We may have our hang-ups. But I'm still a gentleman, and she still protected my daughter for the last decade. When she could've easily just abandoned her after my trial.

And I would've been none the wiser. So, I owe her respect at least.

"And your voice still pisses me off." She growls as she marches past me. Two axes instantly forming in her hands as Jack shakily stumbles. Throwing out a slash that Carol forms a light shield to defend against before reforming the axes and charging in.

"You can't win them all." I sigh to myself before turning around to the large Hispanic woman currently bleeding out from the ankles.

I crouch down, keeping my ear to the fight as I check her ankles. Seeing the severed arteries, I extend the bones from my fingers to form a pair of rough clamps as I dig in and clamp the arteries shut.

She might lose her feet from this if she doesn't get help immediately. But she has a better chance of coming out of this alive, as opposed to bleeding out on the pavement.

"There you go." I say as I stand and turn to the fight, confident I bought her a few extra minutes at least.

Carol is currently in a melee, hacking and slashing at the man as he slashes wildly. Lashing out like a cornered animal.

Sighing, I use the back of my hand to push some hair out of my face. Then raise my other hand into finger pistols. I shoot hollow point finger tip bones at the man. Aiming for non vital, but debilitating spots as he dodges. His shoulder, right near the hole. While simultaneously sending bone spikes down through my feet and tunneling through the concrete dock.

"Agh!" He gives a voice cracking gasp as the hollow points shatter in his skin. Wincing and backing against a shipping container as Carol goes for the kill. Aiming to behead him with her right axe, he drops down and stabs her thigh.

"Rrrh!" She grits her teeth, but doesn't let it stop her as she hacks down with her left.

Jack tries to dodge, but I send the bone spears up out of the ground. Stabbing through his feet and nailing him in place. Giving Carol the opportunity to cut Jack's hand off. Cauterizing the wound with the sheer heat of her photon weapons. Leaving the knife in her thigh as his hand falls limp to the ground.

"Ahhh! Ffffuck!" Jack curses as he presses his stump to his chest. Falling back pathetically against the shipping container while I will the bones to harden and curl. Keeping him firmly trapped.

"Well now. If that wasn't underwhelming." I say as I walk over, coming up behind my old foe as she grabs the knife in her thigh. "I wouldn't-"

"Rrr!" Carol ignores me as she yanks the knife from her leg, and drops down. Kneeling before Jack and stabbing him in the thigh.

'Well, I guess it's fine.' I shrug as I let the bones connected to my feet detach. Breaking off as I start walking.

"Where are they?" Carol asks in an angered huff as she grabs Jack's hair and forces him to look her in the eye. "Tell me!"

She bashes his head against the shipping container.

"What, what if I said they were dead?" He grins an ugly, bloody smile.

I put a hand on Carol's shoulder as she raises her hand and forms a dagger. Stopping her before she can kill him as she looks back to me with a glare.

I don't bother placating her with words. Instead giving her a stern look and soft shake of my head.

She huffs, and lets the dagger fade from existence as she gets up. Shakily getting to her feet on an injured leg. She steps back, allowing me to take her place kneeling before Jack.

"To answer your question." I say slowly as the half dead man looks up to meet my eyes. "I'd call your bluff."

He grins at my words, and I smile back. Maintaining my smile as I grab the handle of the knife in his leg.

"You're a shit liar." I say with a small, patronizing nod. "Now, answer me."

"And end this so-ah!" He gives a small hiss as I slowly pull the knife out.

"You're lucky you missed the femoral artery." I say a bit louder for Carol to hear me clearly as the wind picks up around us. "It'd be rather hard to get info from an unconscious man."

"I know where I stabbed him." She defends. "Remember, I've been an active hero for the last ten years."

"Just saying, accidents can happen." I say.

"Are you going to get answers out of him or criticize my stabbing techniques." She snaps.

"I can do both." I defend as I put the knife against his chest and use the tip to make a small, slow cut down to his belly button. "Now if only we had some bleach."

"Ooh, now that's an ideaaaaahhh!" He starts screaming as I slide the knife in a semi circle, and dig it under before raking it down. Removing a patch of skin.

"That's disgusting." Carol says in a perturbed tone of voice. Sounding as though she may throw up at any moment.

"Agreed. I used to have a guy for this but." I shrug. "I doubt he's around anymore. Or even up at this hour if he is." I then go back to Jack, tapping the knife against his chin. "Now, that was for lying the first time. Lie again, give me an answer I don't like, and I do it again. Simple as that. So, wanna try again?"

"You, I remember now." He grins weakly. "You're-aaaaahhahahaaa!"

I carve another half circle below his sternum, and scrape it out.

"You're a shit liar Jack." I give a small laugh. "Didn't I tell you this already? You recognized me the moment you saw me. Now, stop stalling. No one's coming to help you, no one is going to save you." I give him a sad smile. "Get it through your head already, you're done. You lose, game over."

I stand up and leer over him. Before letting my mask fall, giving the shitstain below me my nastiest glare as I raise a foot, extend a sharpened bone through my heel, and stomp his crotch.

"Aaaaagghhh!" He cries out, and then starts actually crying.

"If you kill him, I'll kill you." Carol growls.

'You can certainly try.' I think to myself as I keep my focus on the man beneath me.

"This is only going to get worse." I say, putting the mask back on. "Don't make me start breaking my own rules Jack. Neither of us wants to do that."

"You, you." He huffs out through pained, haggard breaths. "You wouldn't! You're not that-"

I make the bone at my heel move inside Jack. Growing bone spikes and turning into a veritable blender on his crotch.

"AAAAAHHHHH!" He lets out a blood curdling scream as I make good on my word. And break my rule of never engaging in any sexual violence as I geld the man.

"That's one rule broken." I tell the crying man before leaning over and grabbing his jaw. Staring him dead in the eye as clouds gather above. "Want me to break another?"

.

.

-15 minutes ago, trainyard hideout-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Are you sure you-" Fire starts again.

"Yes!" I groan. "You can open your eyes you big baby."

"Be nice!" Pinky chastises me from atop her crate. "He just had his eyes slashed out. You're fine Fire."

"They were still in his head." I grumble and look away. "So, not out. Just slashed."

"What's the difference?" Pinky whines, exasperated with me for some reason.

Before I can educate the poor, rejected mascot of Pepto-Bismol. I'm interrupted by another bamf.

"Okay Night, whatchu got-" I stop as I turn to the blue demon man, currently holding a flailing Bonesaw in his arms. One hand over her mouth, the other held tight around her midsection as she kicks and thrashes.

But the big thing, is the green veins angrily spreading across his body.

"Hey, kleine fuchsin." He gives a weak grin. "She, jabbed me with, something krank."

"Night!" Pinky shouts as she jumps off of the crate she was perched on.

"Nein!" Nightcrawler whips his tail out to keep Pinky at a distance. "Stay back! I, might be contagious."

"Yeah well, we'll deal with that later." I say as I step in and place a hand on Night's shoulder. And look into his body. And find a series of bacteria inside him, eating fat and producing sulfur of all things!

Sending a wave of microbe death throughout his body, killing any and all things I can find that has any amount of sulfur on it. I let go of him and turn to Firebreather.

"You'll be fine now." I say, addressing Nightcrawler, before turning my attention to Fire. "Fire, you're good to go back. I'll keep Bonesaw here."

"Alright, I guess." He shrugs and finally opens his eyes as he stands up off of the cot. His eyes opening wide as he regards Nightcrawler. "Um, are you good to do this man?"

"I'm, fine." He says in a woozy way.

"He's not." I say as I take Bonesaw from him.

"Let go of me!" She screams and kicks. "As your big sister I demand you let me go! Little sisters listen to big sisters! Those are the rules!"

"I will stab you." I say as I place her on the bed where Fire was just sitting. And bend the metal frame to hold the girl who is, technically younger, but still taller than me.

"You will not!" She says as she squirms and grabs a spray bottle from inside her dress.

"Alright." I shrug and grab her right arm, and crush her wrist. "Guess I won't."

"Owie!" She winces and pouts at me. "Do you know how long it takes to heal hands? Do you know how long it'll take me to heal my own hand? Like, an hour!... Wait, I'm right handed, two hours!"

Ignoring her, I turn to the blue-green demon, and red-orange demon.

"Night, go home." I make a shooing motion. "Fire, get going."

"I thought you said, I was fine." Nightcrawler says as Firebreather shrugs and heads for the door.

"No, I said you will be fine." I, shoo him again. "Now shoo, go. Sleep, become unconscious mister German."

Nightcrawler's slumps his shoulders. Giving a tired sigh with a shake of his head, before chuckling.

"Never change Kitsu." He smiles and bamfs away.

I turn to Bonesaw, and place a hand on her head. Looking into her biology, I get to work disarming everything. The seventeen diseases, twenty three viruses, five parasites. Secondary peripheral nervous system. The nerve cluster in the back of her spine attached to a secondary cartilage casing.

There's a lot.

"You're very rude." Pinky says. "You know that?"

"I know right?" Bonesaw agrees.

"Don't… don't agree with me." Pinky groans.

'This is going to be a while.' I feel my eye twitch.

"Why not?" Bonesaw asks. "I'm just saying that certain little girls need to learn some manners!"

I move my hand and stare into her heterochromatic eyes. Now knowing that one of them isn't hers in origin.

"What?" She asks, and I form an illusionary dagger. And push it into her liver.

"Stab." I say plainly.

…

"You stabbed me!" She shouts in disbelief after a few moments.

.

.

-Boat Graveyard, Sunday, October 3rd, 6:00pm-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

I hold myself back from commenting as The Marquis renders Jack's chest fleshless. Down to a weird gray mesh under his skin that the knife can't go through. Otherwise there'd be a few nerve pockets The Marquis insists would get him to talk.

Everything in me is telling, no screaming, at me to stop this. That this is wrong. That if it ever got out that I was complicit in a torture, regardless of who it was, my life would be over. Ended in a blaze of slander.

"Okay! Okay, okay." The broken man cries.

"Wow, not even ten minutes." The Marquis comments as he stands up, and lazily holds the bone knife in one hand. The regular knife having broken when he tried to stab into Jack's gut. "Now talk, before I call in some old favors."

This… is the real Marquis. Sure he has a code of ethics he sticks to. He's charismatic and well spoken, relatable even. But under it all, he's a cruel and hedonistic warlord. He has his code not out of any sense of morality, but out of a sense of ego. His code keeps him from debasing himself.

A true psychopath. Intelligent, charismatic, charming. And utterly lacking in morality.

"The, the boathouse." Jack wheezes. "They, they're in the boathouse. In a shipping container. Gohoohood luck though! Bonesaw has them, in pods. Take them out, and they die."

'Of course.' I can't help the sneer that spreads across my face. 'It can never be that easy.'

"Carol, would you kindly check the-"

"I'm not letting you out of my sight for a damned second so you best cut yourself off." I tell him.

"Well we can't very well leave him unattended." He says. "And we can't kill him, yet."

I roll my eyes and walk over, grab Jack by his hair and start dragging him. Only stopping when I feel him snagged on something. Looking back, I see his feet still impaled and nailed to the ground by the curves bones.

I give The Marquis a look. One he returns with an arrogant smile and a shrug.

"Seriously?" I ask, and he starts walking ahead of me. "Hey! John get back here!"

"Best hurry up my dear!" He snarks. "Lest I leave your sight."

Huffing, I look down to the half dead man. Chest skinned to hell and back. Feet impaled, hole in his left shoulder, right hand sliced off and cauterized, right side burned. I realize he's not going anywhere.

I spit on him before turning to follow The Marquis into the boathouse. The front side having a massive hole torn through it, right next to the door. That The Marquis promptly uses.

"Seriously?" I ask, not understanding the point.

"I'm not stepping through that." He shrugs as he holds the door open for me. "I might snag my clothes on the bent metal."

I feel my blood pressure rise at the sound of his smarmy tone. And in sheer, petty defiance I walk through the hole. And looking around the room, I form a sword in my hand as I spot the dangling form of Mannequin. Slumped over a laptop at a table as though he were unconscious. The remnants of a game of Monopoly in front of him.

"Is he-" I don't get to finish my question as a bone spike shoots straight up out of the floor, through the table and laptop in an instant. Impaling Mannequin's head. "-dead."

The Marquis walks past, not even sparing the table a second glance as he heads for the shipping containers at the far end of the room. Seven containers, and two are already open.

"Which one-" I start to say before I'm cut off again by several spikes of bone shooting through the floor. Tearing into the doors of the containers. "… you're doing that on purpose."

"Maybe." He says casually as he walks down the line of containers, and stares into the fourth one down.

Walking behind him, I stop at the second container. Housing a young girl I don't recognize. Her chest split open with several bits of machinery and wires attached. Her organs on full display, her heart still beating.

My face twists in disgust at the morbid sight. And I pray the same hasn't happened to Mark and Amy.

Walking to the next one, my fears are immediately proven true as I cover my mouth in horror. Mark, strapped up against the back of the container with his scalp removed, a glass container encasing his head. A respirator and several wires coming out from his chest.

"No." The word leaves my mouth of its own accord.

I don't dare to even approach him. My fear of messing something up, accidently tripping, or the container being rigged leaves me paralyzed.

"Please." The words leave my lips with a hoarse croak. "Please tell me Amy isn't."

I can't even finish the sentence.

The Marquis doesn't answer me. Instead, I hear the soft pats of his feet as he walks away.

"I… suppose I'll find out." He says calmly.

"What?" I ask as I manage to tear my eyes away from my husband's mutilated body.

He doesn't answer me again as he slowly walks towards the door.

"Gully!" We both flinch at the sound. "Jenny!"

Recognizing the voice, I break into a sprint. Leaving the boathouse through the hole and looking around the dockyard. The clouds are gathering as the sun sets, and a few drops of rain are starting to fall. But the thing that catches my attention, is Firebreather holding Gully in his arms. Kneeling in a pool of blood as he frantically looks between Gully and Jenny.

"Fire!?" I call out as I jog over to him, earning his attention.

"Carol?" He asks with furrowed brows. "What are you… that doesn't matter! We need to get Gully and Jenny help!"

Looking down, I recognize the two girls. The metallic teen, and the Amazonian girl. Realizing that in my rush to get to Jack earlier, I failed to recognize them.

"Fuck!" I curse as I kneel beside Gully and place a finger to her carotid.

…

…

Bump

"She's still alive." I say as I look her over and take in the injuries as the rain starts to pick up from light drops, to a soft misting.

A deep gash in her shoulder, and two deep gashes on her ankles. Likely severing her Achilles tendons and causing her to bleed out.

Bleeding she had since I first got here.

"She's, not-"

I flinch as I hear the sharp tearing of metal.

Looking behind me, a light spear already in hand. I watch as The Marquis walks out from behind a container, looking out towards the distance. A sour look on his face as he runs a hand through his hair. Staring down at the ground in the distance.

"What?" I bite out, partially irritated at being interrupted, partially grateful.

"He got away." He says in a low tone.

'What!?' I shoot up.

"What do you mean he got away?" I ask as I march towards him.

The frizzy, brown haired man points to the ground in the distance. And I follow his gesture, spotting a series of bloody footprints leading out to the road. Slowly being washed away by the rain.

"From what I can tell." The Marquis takes a deep breath. "He took a knife and wedged the hilt into his stump of a wrist. And used that to cut through the bones in his feet."

"Mmrrrrr, Fuck!" I curse as I turn and toss my spear at a nearby container. The weapon of light tearing right through and to the other side of the container before lodging itself in the container wall behind it.

"Jack got away?" Fire asks, still on the ground about ten feet from us. "After all that? All the effort and planning?"

That brings an important thought to mind.

"Fire, what are you doing here?" I question the orange man.

His eyes widen slightly, swallowing a lump in his throat as he looks away.

"We, we were going to try and take out the Nine." He says softly. "Kitsu already got rid of most of them so-"

"How would you know that?" I cut him off, my years of picking apart other's statements honing in on his words immediately.

Kitsu only killed Shatterbird. If she killed any others, it's not publically known.

"Um, she got ahold of us and-"

"When!?" I march over to the boy.

"A-about two or three days ago and-" He stutters out nervously.

"And you didn't think to tell me!?" I ask. If he had a shirt, I'd be grabbing him by the collar and holding him up by it. "Her mother!? Who's been looking for her for weeks!?"

"W-well she had good reason to not-"

"Where is she?" I demand to know as I grab his neck anyway.

.

.

-Abandoned Trainyard-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Is he?" I ask with a raised brow. Not willing to be direct with Bonesaw in the room.

"No, he wasn't there." Firebreather says, downtrodden and defeated as he averts his eyes from mine.

I sigh and pull out my phone. Dialing Hellfire's number I had Wade acquire for me.

"Time for plan T then." I huff out as I cross an arm under my chest and put the phone to the side of my head.

"Wait, what was plan B, and all the others?" Fire asks.

"A bomb under the docks." I shrug.

"What!?" Pinky asks, mortified by the idea.

"Oh hush, it was the last resort." I roll my eyes.

"Then why call it plan B?" Bonesaw asks.

"Because B is for bomb. Duh." I sigh. "Obviously."

"You're insane." Pinky says softly to herself as she holds her head in her hands. "You are, genuinely insane. Oh my god."

"No, that makes sense." Bonesaw says.

"The number you have dialed has a voice mailbox that is not-" I hang up and redial as the two other Case 53s in the room stare at the girl behind me.

"It's starting to make sense now." Firebreather says as he crosses his arms.

Ignoring them, I hear the phone finally pick up.

"Look I don't have Medicare, I didn't order a laptop from Walmart, and I know I have outstanding charges and no I will not pay them." I hear Hellfire's voice say.

"Fire!" I say cheerfully.

"What?/What?" Firebreather and Hellfire say at the same time.

"Not you." I shoo Firebreather. "The other Fire. Several people share the same name get over it."

"… Again what?" Firebreather says, but I ignore him.

.

.

-Dockyard-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Touching down on the concrete, I keep my illusionary umbrella up and protecting me from the rain as I carry Bonesaw behind me on an iridescent saucer. Still trapped in the bars of the cot I bent around her and keeping her with me. She may be disarmed, but I don't trust her for a second.

I look around the dockyard, noticing a few overturned containers. A collapsed crane and several bloodstains slowly being washed away by the rain.

Looking over to the boathouse where I hear the most sound. I make my way over, Bonesaw in tow as I refuse to allow her out of my perception.

Stepping up to the hole torn in the side of the boathouse, I feel a grin spread across my face as I see mother pacing back and forth at a table.

"Mommy!" I shout and run over to Mom with my arms wide open. But, just as I get close to her.

Smack!

"Ooww!" I'm stopped in my tracks by a sharp slap on my cheek. Holding said throbbing cheek, I look up to my mother. Her face borderline apocalyptic with rage as she glares. And she lunges forward.

"Ah!" Bonesaw squeals as I lose focus and drop her.

Mom, wraps her arms tightly around me.

"Never, never do that again little girl." She says with a quiet, shaky voice. "Do you understand? I don't care if you're immortal. I don't care if you can fight Endbringers one on one."

"What?" The frizzy haired man says softly.

"You never run off like that again." Mom starts crying. "I, I, I love you too much to think about losing you."

That, that breaks my heart. And I bring my arms up to hug her back. Not really being able to say anything in my defense as Mom cries on my shoulder.

"I'm sorry." Is the only thing I can manage to choke out to the woman who, reluctantly, took me in and became a mother to me.

"Oh trust me." She says, and I feel her smile against my shoulder. "You will be."

"Huh?"

"You, you are soooohohohoho grounded when we get home." She says shakily.

'Darn it!'

"Can we get a pizza before we get home?" I ask.

Hey, if I'm going into confinement, I might as well get a last meal. Priorities people you know what I'm about.

"We have pizza at home." She says and lets go of me. Standing up straight as she wipes her eyes. Immediately going back to resting bitch face as she turns to the frizzy haired man who starts walking towards us.

"So, you're the infamous Endstopper?" The victorian looking man says.

Like, he just has a look about him. Like he's from a period drama or something.

I go to call him out on his fashion, but mom steps in front of me. Putting herself between me and the man. Causing me to lean over so I see him.

"I must say, aside from the obvious, she's the spitting image of you." The man smiles at me. "Minus the hair and eye color."

The mention of resemblance causes something to click in my head. And I recognize his resemblance to Amy. Coupled with the fact that Ebon was supposed to be locked away in the Birdcage. Two plus two equals family reunion.

…

I need sleep.

"You don't get to talk to her." Mom says as she puts a hand back to move me, hiding him from my sight once more.

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"After all we've been through these past few days." He says with a knowing, patronizing look. "And you still don't trust me?"

"No." I answer.

We stare each other down for what feels like hours. But is only a few seconds. Before the arrogant villain sighs and turns back towards the containers in the room.

The containers I've been ignoring.

"Kitsu, how confidant are you in your biokinesis?" The Marquis asks as he steps in front of Amy's shipping container, currently closed to avoid looking at her mutilated form.

"Depends on what we're talking about." Kitsu says dubiously. "Why?"

"Forget that!" Jenny says, having been off to the side the whole time. Only waking up a few minutes before Kitsu got here. "You need to help Gully!"

Looking over, I see the frantic robot girl. Worry scaring her face as she gestures to the large, pale girl.

"She's dead." The Marquis says callously. "Leave her be."

"No!" Jenny stomps her foot, shaking the ground with her strength. "She's not dead! She can't be, she just, she can't!"

I look away. Not having the heart to-

'Where's Kitsu?' I think as I turn to look around.

"Puhhh!" I look over and see Gully snap her eyes open and gasp. Still pale, but quickly regaining some color to her face as she gasps for air. "Oh, oh god what happened?"

"You almost died." Kitsu says and turns away from her, heading straight for the shipping containers.

The Marquis steps aside to make way for Kitsu. A pensive look on his face as he slowly walks my way while Jenny cries over Gully.

"What did I just see?" He asks softly.

"What do you mean?" I ask, keeping my voice level.

"Carol, please." He scoffs. "I'm not dumb. That woman was dead. I may have clamped her arteries, but that was nearly an hour ago. At best that would've bought her half an hour."

'And she was bleeding out when we got here.' Is what goes unsaid, but I've no doubt he put the math together.

Gully's been dead for nearly half an hour.

"I don't know what you're insinuating." I say softly.

I'm silent as Kitsu rips open Amy's container and steps in.

"Bonesaw!" Kitsu yells, poking her head out of the container and leveling a glare at me, or rather the little girl behind me. "You promised not to harm them!"

"They're not hurt!" She defends and huffs. "Nothing I did can't be undone by me."

"Yeah well, I'mma undo it." Kitsu says and heads inside the container.

"Nuh-uh!" Bonesaw, calls Kitsu's bluff? "You only do plants! How are you going to-"

"Ooh! An intravenous extravenous setup!" Kitsu yells back. "Just gonna reverse that and- oops."

"Ha!" Bonesaw calls out.

"What did you do!?" I run over, only to have a black illusionary wall put between me and the doors of the container.

"Nothing!" Kitsu yells frantically. "Just uh, nothing! I fixed it!"

"I'm going to have a heart attack." I say as I put my hands in my hair, feeling several hairs turn gray as I listen to the wet, squelches coming from inside the container. Unable to step away.

"You know." I hear behind me, and turn to the blonde girl with heterochromia. "I could easily undo their conditions."

"Bonesaw, I will stab you again!" Kitsu yells.

"Untie me!" Bonesaw screams and starts kicking her feet. Trying to stand up and rolling on the floor.

"Okay!" I see a soaked Firebreather touch down outside the boathouse. Panting as he steps inside and doubles over. "Whew! Man she's fast."

Bonesaw rolls over to him, and bites his ankle.

Firebreather stares down at her. A flat look on his face as she gnaws.

"You know what?" He says as he starts walking, the little girl getting dragged with him. "I don't care."

I wish I could just do that.

"Fixed it!" Kitsu says as she drops the barrier, allowing me to look as-

I throw up as I see her covered in blood.

"Don't worry!" Kitsu says. "It's not mine."

That's what I was afraid of.

.

.

-East Slums, October 3rd, 11:43pm-

.

.

Jack Slash POV

.

Limping down the alleyway, I curse everything that's happened lately. I curse the city, I curse my string of luck, I curse the fox and I curse those damned heroes in New Wave.

'This is, is nothing.' I tell myself. 'I can come back from this. This is just a lull, a beat back before the inevitable return for the final act.'

I need to find a place. Rest up and heal. My hand is gone, but a half decent prosthetic shouldn't be too hard to obtain. My shoulder, I might need to be more careful not to use and make sure I don't mess with it. My chest, fuck my chest burns in this rain. But, I have the undermesh acting as a skin. So I should be fine.

My thoughts are cut off by a deafening bang as I fall over onto the wet ground. Screaming out involuntarily as my skinned chest scrapes on the dirty ground.

My heart pounds as I breathe heavily from the pain. Not knowing what hit me as I feel a dull pain in the back of my head.

"I swear." I hear a younger, softer male voice behind me. "Nothing is ever easy."

Looking back, I feel my heart thud as I see the slim figure. His form is blacked out by the rain, but it's clear he's aiming a gun at me.

"Wh-who are you?" I ask as I move to get back up as the figure starts to walk closer. The subtle wet splashes of his steps sounding far louder than I know they are. His thin, unassuming figure looking like death incarnate as he approaches and his features become clearer. "Wait, are you-"

He aims the gun at my forehead and fires. Knocking me back as the bullet is stopped by the undermesh.

"Ah, ah." I let out rasps of pain as I feel the worst headache I've ever known wrack my brain.

"You don't get to say our name." He says, his green eyes seeming to glow with a toxic indifference of disgust. Looking at me the way one would a dead and rotting dog.

He kicks me over to my chest, causing another round of scorching pain. My face splashing into a puddle.

I try to push up, but I get shoved back into the puddle.

.

.

3rd person POV

.

Jack's face is pushed back into the shallow puddle. The black haired young man pressing a foot to the back of Jack's head. Keeping his face in the puddle.

"Hurry up and die." The young man says without a trace of empathy for the killer thrashing beneath his foot. Deciding that if he can't make it quick with a gun, he might as well make it slow. Choosing to drown the man in a two inch puddle. "And think about every life you've ever taken and ruined. Think, think real hard."

Small motes of green electricity can be seen as the man presses down harder on Jack's head. Ensuring he has no chance of overpowering his attacker. Still, Jack, for all his proposed theatrics and philosophy on the roles of life and death, doesn't want to die.

"Think about the mother's you've left to cry over their children." The man says through gritted teeth as he brings his foot slightly, only to stomp back down on the mutilated man beneath him. "Think of the father's who've had to bury their own blood." Again. "Think of the children you've orphaned and scarred! Of the friends who'll never get to share another tale with one another! Of the brothers and sisters forced to outlive their siblings!" He accentuates every line with another stomp to the back of Jack's head. Crushing the man's face flat and bloody against the pavement.

Jack thrashes as much as he can. But with no blades and no fully functioning limbs, it becomes clear how futile his struggle is.

"Die." The green eyed man says and presses down harder, a nasty snarl plastered on his face as he regards the scum stuck to his shoe.

And as if on command, Jack stops struggling. His body slowly loosing its fight as life leaves his eyes. The man slipping into unconsciousness, due to lack of air. Before, after ten agonizing minutes. He passes out, and breathes in. Inhaling the muddy water of the puddle he's held down in.

Dead.

The man stays there for another ten minutes. Not moving or cutting off his power until he's sure Jack is dead. Taking his foot off the back of his head.

He stands there, staring at the dead body as the rain falls.

"Heh." He gives a weak chuckle as he stares at the corpse. "Heh ha. I, I did it. I did it again. But, it's okay right? He was bad, he was evil. Yes he was. He killed so many people. What's one life, compared to the countless thousands, millions I just saved? You don't need to ask. You did a good thing." He says, his tone changing with each sentence.

The man turns around, choosing to believe the voices. Telling himself that he did the right thing. That sometimes, you need to do bad in order to do good. Or was it one of the voices saying that?

It's getting harder for him to tell anymore. As with every act, every instance he gives in. A little more of the man, Izuku, dies to make room for The Butcher.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Excerpt from the Kitsu Prototype

.

.

-Boston PRT HQ, 2008-

.

.

Jaime "Battery" POV

.

"What is it this time?" I sigh as I walk through the halls.

"Well, um, she broke into Highlight's room and stole all of her light bulbs." Deputy of security, Thomas, says as we walk together. "She stole all of Weld's blankets, again. And somehow managed to change the locks to the Director's bathroom without anyone noticing."

"And this was-"

"This was all in the last sixteen hours, yes." He nods.

'How can one little girl get into so much trouble?' I sigh to myself as I recall how Assault is off today.

I normally delegate dealing with her to him. Because he can channel her chaos better. While I, for some reason, am the only one who can get her to stop anything she does. She just doesn't take Assault seriously when he tries to reprimand her.

Or anyone for that matter.

"She in her room?" I ask.

"As of two hours ago, yes." He nods.

'So, probably.' I think to myself.

That little girl has a master's degree in disappearing. Which is odd because she's not a stranger. She's a striker, brute, mover and changer mix.

"Alright, let's get this over with." I groan, resisting the urge to run my hands over my face and smudge my visor.

"Also, she bit Damian." Thomas says.

I fail to resist the urge this time as a wave of exasperation washes over me.

.

.

"Kitsu!" I say as I open the door to her room. Immediately getting assaulted by the sweet scent of the flowers in her room. Her room being decorated to look like a mini jungle. Complete with vines on the walls and various potted ferns.

"Nyo!" I hear her deny from, somewhere. At the very least confirming she's in the room and didn't escape somewhere.

"Yes." I say as I shut and lock the door behind me.

"Nyo!" She says again, allowing me to find her. Hidden behind a curtain of flowering vines.

"Yes." I say as I squat down and look her in the eye. The irises around her serpentine pupils being turned red to help them blend with the red flowers.

"…" She stays quiet.

"I can see you." I tell the eight year old.

"No you can't." She whispers.

"Alright." I say as I reach forward and grab the miniscule girl.

"No! Help!" She shouts and squirms. "Stranger danger!"

I roll my eyes as I pull the camouflaged girl out from behind the vines. Her feathered, winglike arms tucked tightly around her as her clawed feet kick wildly. The talons putting a hole in the wall.

At this point she's just doing it for attention. Seeing as she's just bicycle pedaling as I hold her up and facing away from me. Being absurdly light even for her size.

"Really?" I say, unimpressed with her antics. Causing her to stop for a moment before going limp.

"Meh." She grumpily mutters.

I sigh as I set her on her bed. Her hair returning to its normal blue with green highlights. Same with her feathers as her whiplike tail and the scales just under her eyes turn back to their bright emerald green. Her eyes staying red for whatever reason.

"Myah!" She huffs and lays back on her bed, grabs her blanket and rocks back up to glare at me like I'm the one in trouble.

'I dread the day you start going through puberty.' I think to myself as I look at the huffy, harpy lizard girl.

"So, you broke into Highlight's room." I start listing off. "Stole Weld's blankets, changed the locks on the director's bathroom door, and bit Damian to inject him with a paralytic venom and leave him stuck in medbay."

"Ah-ledgedly." She raises her nose at me.

'This is going to be my entire morning.' I realize as I groan to myself.

"Kitsu, we have you on camera." I say as I take off my helmet to pinch the bridge of my nose.

"I'm not falling for that one again!" She looks away and closes her eyes.

I pull out my phone and pull up the video of her leaving Weld's room with his blankets wrapped around her.

"That could be anyone." She denies.

"Who else in the entire building is under four feet tall?" I challenge.

"Your mother." The sassy eight year old says with a satisfied smile.

…

I sigh through my nose.

"I'm about to commit a felony." I say as I stare at the ceiling.

"Ah!" Kitsu jumps off her bed and runs out the door. "Help! She's going to felonize me! I'm too young and cute for that!"

I immediately give chase.

"How did you do that!?" I yell at her. "The door was locked!"

.

.

Bonus 2

.

.

Kitsu's backup plans

.

Plan A- All out Attack

Plan B- Bomb the Boatyard

Plan C- call the cops as a distraction

Plan D- float way up high, and drop javelins on their heads.

Plan E- Evacuate Brockton Bay (Plan pending)

Plan F- (Censored)

Plan G- Blackmail Grue into smoking the area before running in and hoping the smoke prevents [Broadcast] from sending messages

Plan H- Hawk Tua

Plan I- initiate a different plan

Plan J- Join the nine and watch the world burn

Plan K- Kill Jack, consequences be damned

Plan L- Reveal the deaths of the others and lie about setting up a new game to lure in more recruits.

Plan M- Mass Murder (No I will not elaborate)

Plan N- No plan

Plan O- Get them addicted to opioids and make them want to give you anything in exchange for more drugs.

Plan P- Make fast growing carnivorous Plants to eat the Nine.

Plan Q- Modify a Duck and let do what ducks do best. On Jack.

Plan R- (Cancelled on twitter)

Plan S- Modify snakes

Plan T- Call the Hellfire and see if she can't mooch a favor.

Plan U- Buy uranium off the black market and use it give the Nine cancer

Plan V- Set up a riot to force the Nine into a conflict with another Villain group.

Plan W- Win

Plan X- But ParahumansOnline and change its name

Plan Y- Question Sanity

Plan Z- Hibernate and hope it all blows over

.

.

A/N

The reason the Butcher went after Jack himself, is due to Jack targeting their next intended host. Kitsu.

.

So, I was originally going to write that Amy dies, and The Marquis returns to Villainy as a result.

But, certain events pushed me to go for a more, happy ending. Mostly that a fan of mine just lost a friend and I didn't want them to be sadder.

Not just because of that reason, but also because I had entire dissertations sent to me explaining why I shouldn't kill off Mark or Amy. So, straw that broke the camel's back and all that.

.

Strongest members of The Newest Wave

1 Ben: Ben's versatility is only limited by his ego. Being a Tinker/Breaker 12 will do that. Problem is, he has the bite to match his bark. So when his ego gets him into trouble, it's usually something BIG.

2. Jenny: Jenny is not only strong and durable, she's versatile. However, she's unaware of just all she's capable of. Only really understanding that she's powerful, and most people aren't. Leading her to having the opposite problem as Ben and overestimate herself.

3. Firebreather: A bit dull in the head. Firebreather knows he's strong, but is down to earth and knows his limits and the limits of those around him. Which ironically makes him a more formidable fighter than Ben or Jenny.
.

Also, a bit surprised no one mentioned how Ben had a little PTSD moment last chapter. Covered in blood and telling himself it wasn't a person, just a zombie.
I mostly added this line because for some reason ffn and qq track word count differently. So here's the last bit to get them even.

.

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Two more chapters of Kitsu and as always I'm open to suggestions!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord. I am now an elite author!

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, Alduinian and 100 others
Newb to the game
Feb 6, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 81 Rocky Road
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Feb 10, 2025
Add bookmark
#928
A/N Rocky Road

Alt title: Grand Ace 4 wins the NEWB Trivia game!

.

.

Crywolf178: I mentioned early on that MHA and Worm's power system were eerily similar and that OFA reminds me of the Butcher, and All For One reminded me of The Faerie Queen. Hell, even the whole remnants of the original thing that both have going on is there.

GideonBlackthorn: It WOULD happen, if not for two things. 1, the timing. Kitsu was seeing to Amy and Mark at 6pm, The Butcher killed Jack close to midnight. The timing wouldn't add up. 2, the current Butcher has, issues. And wants to do things, nice.

ArcanFlameVeil: I never said who the Butcher was. But it was hinted at many times.

His green eyes

Black messy hair

Freckles

The only mentioned members of the Teeth currently are from MHA

The outfit described every time he shows up is that of EvilDeku.

But no, never mentioned outright who it was.

Grimnosh: Thing is, Broadcast is very persuasive. Communication is its whole deal. So, it managed to essentially say "Hey, come on. My host is clearly out for the count. Just, help me out here?"

And [Shaper] was like

"Fine, I'll, do a thing. Just hurry up and get your guy out of here."

As for Bonesaw, find out.

As for Cherish, it was mentioned a few times earlier. But Jessica Jones is one of Heartbreaker's victims (taking the place of the Purple Man) and Jessica is hunting down his kids as a means to get to him. And is in Brockton Bay hunting down Regent.

And Cherish doesn't have anyone anymore. And, seeing as Jessica still has morals, and Regent is like, 14. And Cherish is 20. Guess who is now the higher priority?

RadChaos897: Jack fell down and broke his crown! Then got curb stomped and drowned in a two inch puddle of rainwater. BTW, the whole reason I kept writing about the weather and how it was beginning to rain, was purely to orchestrate the two inch puddle.

Bonesaw actually has very little to do with Kitsu's trigger. If you go back and read it, she's kinda just there. So Kitsu doesn't have as much an issue with her as she does say, Jack, Mannequin, The Siberian or Crawler. So, death is on the table, but not really the go to.

Basically, the setup for Amy was IV's connecting her blood vessels to an outside purification pump in order to not have it go through her liver and thus eliminate the need to pee. Bonesaw was basically testing different forms of stasis. And yes, Kitsu accidentally pulled a tube.

As for the Hawk Tua? I uh, did not know what it meant until your comment prompted me to actually google its meaning. So, new canon! Hawk Tua is a tired Kitsu abbreviating Hawk to you! In which she genetically modifies hawks to kamikaze the nine.

ProtoKitsu doesn't like pizza. It's two oily and the oil and cheese get into her feathers. Instead, she likes pretzel sticks, gummies, mangos, smoothies, lattes and soft tacos.

Also! Kitsu, is currently four foot two inches tall. She grew two whole inches over the summer!

Bradlysteak: I had Izuku Butcher planned before you started following. Also, I agree. Kitsu is cute.

InfiniteShadow3: Missy wasn't upset with Kitsu killing. She was upset with how unnecessarily cruel her methods of killing were. And the fact she killed people who were not on the Kill list, and were fleeing.

.

Also! I drew a picture of Kitsu, it's in my channel on the author's discord server I'm a part of.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Boat Graveyard, Sunday, October, 3rd, 8pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I finish up with dad. Regrowing his scalp after removing the jar containing his head and brain. I truly don't know what all Bonesaw did. Just that whatever she did, she left clear enough leads to undo it. Like and artist leaving references in their drawings to help them recall what they wanted to do. Or, something like that. I don't know, I'm not an artist.

"This is… bologna!" Bonesaw calls out. "You're the plant girl! Nature and forests are your motif! No one told me you could biokinetically manipulate animal matter! That's not fair!"

"Life's not fair." I say as I turn around. Stepping out of the shipping container as I awkwardly carry Dad in my arms.

I step out to see the girl up against the wall. Upside down with her back to the wall and her head to the ground as she kicks the wall.

"No!" She says, tilting her head to glare at me. "You're just a cheater!"

"I will stab you again." I point at her.

"Mlnn!" She sticks her tongue out at me.

"My god, there are two of them." Mom covers her face and groans.

"I am nothing like that psychopathic/rude little girl!" Me and Bonesaw say at the same time. "I'm much better and way cuter! Stop that!"

"Are Mark and Amy alright!?" Mom demands.

I turn to her and nod. Setting Dad down outside the shipping container, right next to Amy.

"Yep!" I give a salute. "Buuut, I'd call an ambulance anyway. Mainly because I have very little confidence in myself. I mean, I got them out alive. Buuuut~ I'm sure I missed a thing or two."

"Oh my god." Mom covers the sides of her head as she paces back and forth.

"I could give them a look- eep!" Bonesaw starts to say as she rolls over and sits up against the wall. Only for Mom to toss a spear right above her head.

"I'm not letting you anywhere near them you heartless monster!" Mom says as she starts walking, another spear in hand as she marches over to scared little girl.

"Brandish, Brandish stop!" Firebreather says as he jogs over and steps in her way. "Carol! Think about this!"

"Fire, you better move or so help me god." Mom glowers.

"Carol, you're about to kill a little girl." Firebreather protests. "Just, take a step back and think."

"I must agree Brandish." The Marquis says as he walks around and puts himself to Mom's side. "As much as I detest her actions, she is but a child. You know how I feel about going after children."

A few moments of this standoff is all I care to endure. So I take this time to speak up.

"If she doesn't do it, I will." I say calmly, earning Firebreather and The Marquis's attention on me. "And I really doubt either of you can stop me."

"I will certainly try." The Marquis says with a pointed glare.

"Do or do not, there is no try." I give a shit eating grin.

"Yoda!" Firebreather says with a snap of his fingers and a grin. "That's Yoda, from Star Wars." He looks to Mom and The Marquis. "I just recently saw that with, um… not the time, got it."

I'm starting to think Crystal likes Himbos.

"Gimme one good reason." I cross my arms and turn to the side.

"Because childre-" The Marquis starts.

"You said Jack was a master." Gully says softly from the other end of the boathouse.

Looking over to the pale girl I resurrected. She shakily gets up, much to Jenny's protests.

"I'll be fine." She assures the metallic girl before turning to me. "You told us that Jack is a master who subtly extends his influences onto others."

"I did." I nod.

"Were you lying?" She asks.

"No." I say firmly.

"So, then Bonesaw is mastered?" She asks, and I see where this is going.

"Am not!" She shouts. "I just have loyalty! Unlike some people!" She glares at me of all people.

"I'd rather not have loyalty to a man willing to torture my family in front of me and then kill my dog… Riley." I glare at the girl, causing her to freeze with wide eyes at the mention of her name.

"H-he didn't-" She starts to stutter out.

"Every time you walked into a different room to help one, the other got worse." I point out. "Use your brain, or at least whatever's still yours you have left."

Bonesaw looks about how I imagined I looked when Mom slapped me.

"Fucking, forget it." Mom says as her weapons dissipate and she pulls out her phone. "Nine one one? Yes, this is-"

Thinking on it, I shrug and look away from her. Quietly planning how I'll kill her off later when it's assured we won't need her for Dad and Amy. They're not waking up, so until I know I don't need her. She lives, I guess.

.

.

-Boat Graveyard, Monday, October 4th, 1am-

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

I watch as the first responders tape the entire dockyard off. First responders attending to Amy and Mark as they're carted off into they're ambulances for transport. Gully and Firebreather riding with Amy, while we'll be riding with Mark. Jenny flew off to go get Pinky and look for Ben.

While Bonesaw is in a strait jacket being shoved kicking and screaming into the back of a PRT transport.

As it turns out. Apparently, everyone knew about this little venture except for me. Well, me, My sister, her husband and Eric. Even Crystal knew, but chose to go along with not saying anything.

"Rather sad state of affairs." The Marquis comments as he walks up to me, one arm behind his back as he watches Amy's ambulance leave the scene. The other holding an umbrella as he makes it under the outcropping of the roof where I'm staying dry.

I don't answer him. Choosing to keep the relative silence as the PRT make their reports.

"Nothing?" He says dryly. "Figures."

"What are you still doing here?" I level a glare at the man. "You saw Amy, you know she's safe. That should be enough for you."

"This may come as a surprise to you." He says, losing his ever present smile. "But it's not. I would like to be a part of her life, I missed out on ten years with her. I'd like to-"

"Over my dead body." I uncross my arms and face him. Where he meets my glare with one of his own.

"I've already broken several of my rules tonight, Carol." He utters my name as though it were a slur. "Needless to say, I'm not happy about that and would very much appreciate not being force to break-ah!"

He winces and grabs his side, flinching back as we both look down at Kitsu. The little fox in question having a knife in hand.

"Staaaaab." She says dryly as the knife disappears in a sparkle of light.

"What the, why would you do that?" He asks with a look of confusion as he holds his bleeding side.

Kitsu turns to around to the EMT and waves her arms.

"Medic! Medic!" She calls while waving her arms. Causing EMT to rush over.

'That's-' I don't know how to feel about that as the on site medics starts to attend to him. 'Clever?'

"What? No!" The Marquis pulls away from them as they try to look at the wound. "I am refusing service!"

"Are you sure sir?" One of them asks.

"Yes!" He says, before I hear. "I want to bleed out! Let me die in peace and end it all."

His mouth didn't move. I swear it.

"Sir, I can't let you cause harm to yourself." The EMT says as I see him make a hand sign behind his back. "I'm assuming you're just-"

"Watch me peasant!" He says, and I see his mouth move that time.

But I know him. He'd never talk like this. This is Kitsu.

"Sir!" The man says as two more EMT's come over and start restraining him. "Under Section twelve of Massachusetts General Laws I am placing you in hospital restraint!"

"Like I care about your laws! Your blood-soaked legislature has no meaning to me!" He says while struggling. "For I am the king of France! Hon hon! Oiu Oiu!"

I watch the odd exchange with, very mixed feelings.

I decide to reach over and just rub Kitsu's head. Earning a happy squeal from the little girl as she leans into me.

"I missed you." She nuzzles her head against my hip.

"Yeah well, get ready to be sick of me soon." I say as I reach down and pick her up. Holding her on my hip. "First thing when we get home, you're getting out of those ratty clothes, getting a shower, and you're not leaving your room."

"For how long?" She asks as her ears splay back.

"Yes." I say as I start walking where The Marquis parked his rental. Kitsu making an illusionary umbrella to keep us dry as we walk.

"Dang it." She sulks.

"That's what you get when you runaway and cut contact for weeks." I stress as we pass the police tape and keep walking.

Before remembering I can't drive. And that we're meant to ride with Mark.

… Look it's been a long day.

"Brandish!" I hear a deep, masculine voice call out.

'Fuck me.' I mentally groan as I turn around and get met face to face with Armsmaster as he marches over.

"Oh great, it's this guy." Kitsu groans as she slumps in my arms.

"You stay quiet." I tell her with a sideways glare.

"Rmrmmm." She grumbles but doesn't give any further statements.

"Armsmaster." I address the armored man as he marches over.

He turns his head and looks to Kitsu for a brief moment. And I see her stick her tongue out at him through my peripherals.

"We'll need you to come with us and give detailed statements as to what happened here." He says as he looks back to me.

"The on sight sergeant has my statement." I say before I turn back around.

"With all due respect ma'am, this is not a matter of law at the local level." He calls out.

"On what grounds?" I ask with a glare as I turn back around to him.

"On the grounds that the individuals involved are a matter of national security." He says.

'That is such a load of shit it isn't even funny.' I think as I glare at the man.

"That would be true." I say as I set Kitsu down. "If a state of emergency was announced, giving federal authority jurisdiction over all local proceedings."

"Brandish, Carol." Armsmaster says in a low tone. "Don't drag this out, trust me when I say you don't want that."

"That depends on what this is." I stand my ground.

"This, is a lot." He stresses. "A lot that can't be said in public."

"Does it have anything to do with the Birdcage breakout?" Kitsu pipes up, causing me to flinch and slowly turn towards her while Armsmaster turns directly to her.

"Who told you?" He asks in a sharp tone.

"Um, I have eyes?" Kitsu says as she crosses her arms and leans her hip to one side. "Yeah, The Marquis and Ebon showing up in Brockton all in the same week? Doesn't take a genius to notice."

"Kitsu, stop talking." I hiss before turning to Armsmaster. "If you need us, you have our address."

I turn back around, intent on getting out of sight before calling for a taxi to take us to the hospital. Anything to avoid the PRT at this point.

"If you walk now!" Armsmaster calls out. "Victoria's tenure with us can't be-"

I don't get to say anything before I notice the sudden wetness cascading down on me. Turning around to the sound of metal hitting the wet concrete. Seeing Kitsu on top of Armsmaster. Her hands around his neck as he lies prone on the ground.

"I'm sorry." Kitsu says as I start jogging back to her. "But it sounded like you were about to threaten- hey!" I pick her up off of the asshole in shining armor. "I was doing a thing!"

"Yeah, a thing that'll get you arrested." I say as I hold her and start walking again. "Do you want a record?"

"Want? I set records." She crosses her arms with a huff. "Besides, it's not like they can or will keep me contained."

I take a deep breath through my nose as I realize she's right. I know she's right. The only thing keeping her out of trouble is-

"If you get arrested I will not be visiting you." I say sternly.

"What!?" Her voice cracks. "Why?"

"Because-" I stop as I spot a man walking down the street. Thin, athletic form. Soaked from the rain, and dragging a dead body.

"What the." I softly mutter, before Kitsu looks in the same direction I am.

"Oh, that must be the guy." She says.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"What, guy?" Mom asks.

"A uh, less than legal representative." I say awkwardly, not wanting to admit I've been talking to villains. Again.

"Kitsu, what's going on?" Mom asks as she starts walking backwards toward the police once more

"So, I had a bunch of plans to get rid of Jack." I start to explain as we reach the police crime scene again. "This was Plan T."

"Plan T, what was the plan, know what? No, it doesn't matter." Mom says as she sets me down as soon as we reach Armsmaster, who has wordlessly pulled out his halberd and taps it on the ground.

"Am I to take this as admittance of collusion with villains." Armsdick asks as the man gets within view of the police lights.

"Well, seems I've given the wrong impression." The Asian man says in a soft, unimposing tone.

'Wait, he sounds familiar.' I think to myself as I focus on him. Taking in his bartender attire. White dress shirt, black vest, black dress pants, black dress shoes, red tie.

"I am Armsmaster, here on the authority of the PRT. Identify yourself!" Armsmaster shouts.

"Me?" He asks, looking and showing a warm smile on a soft, innocent face. "Well, legally my name is Katsuki, Katsuki Bakugo."

'No you are not.' I think as I realize who he is. 'How is, that makes no sense! All Might is still around. And the rules of quirks don't apply here!'

"Katsuki Bakugo, identify the individual you are carrying." Armsmaster demands.

"Oh, how suspicious of me!" He grins and rubs the back of his head. "Sorry about that! It's been a bit of a rough week for me so my mind is elsewhere."

"Stop stalling!" Mom demands as she conjures two axes. Nearly blinding me with the sudden flash as the rain sizzles and steams on contact with the weapons of light.

"Right, sorry." He nods, and with a strength that betrays his figure, he throws the body at us. The mangled corpse rolling and landing a few feet away. "I'm led to believe there's a reward?"

As if on cue, the body rolls on its back to face us. Displaying the flattened and bloodied face of Jack Slash. The infamous serial killer and leader of the now disbanded Slaughterhouse Nine.

A tense silence stretches over us as the cops get into a defensive position. The on duty sergeant calling in for more PRT backup as the rain continues.

It's just now dawning on me that I'm the only one that can clearly see the green eyed man. Well, maybe Armsmaster as well. But he doesn't count.

"You understand we'll have to verify the body as well as your claim?" Armsmaster asks as he relaxes his stance.

"I believe that'll be alright." He says as he puts his hands in his pockets.

"Please keep your hands out of your pockets." Armsmaster says immediately, and Katsuki complies. "So, you understand we'll need to take you in for a statement?"

"I was hoping we could do this a bit more, flexibly." He shrugs. "I can say what happened, you can record it. When you verify the body we can meet back here in a week."

"That's not how this works." Mom says as she keeps her guard up. For all we know, you just killed an innocent man and dropped him off. Claiming he's Jack Slash to cover yourself."

"I never said who it was." Katsuki says with an easygoing grin.

That causes a tense silence to spread over the scene. One that stretches on way too long.

"Ugh!" I throw my head back and groan. hearing several PRT gunmen aim their weapons at me out of reflex. "Can we please get this over with? What's with the Mexican standoff?"

"Ah, Kitsu, I was hoping to meet you." He says with a bright grin that would've appeared friendly, if not for the current circumstance.

"Me?" I point to myself, now very confused. "Did Hellfire send you?"

"In a manner." He gives a dubious bob of his head. "I'd like to speak with you on a few things. But I can see now is not the right time." He says as I hear a motorcycle pull up.

"Oh!" I snap my fingers as I finally piece together where I know him from. "You're the guy from the Chinese buffet!"

Katsuki chuckles at my words and turns around. Shaking his head softly to himself as the gunmen turn their attention back to the retreating man.

"Katsuki Bakugo!" Armsmaster calls. "You do not have permission to leave!"

He stops, and slowly turns back to us.

"Kitsu, we're leaving." Mom says quietly as her weapons fade, and she puts a hand out to force me back.

"Why?" I ask.

"Just move." She grits out and turns around, pushing me along past the line of PRT.

"Brandish!" I hear Miss Militia say as she reaches the line. "And Kitsu? It's good to see you in-"

"As much as I'd love to continue with the pleasantries." Mom says as she keeps pushing me towards the ambulance that Dad is being set in. "We need to get going."

"But what about-"

"Ma'am you can't ride in here." One of the EMT's puts a hand out to stop Mom and me from entering the ambulance.

"Um excuse me, that is my husband in there." Mom points out as I try to focus on Katsuki and Armsmaster's exchange.

"You will keep your hands where I can see them and remain where you are." I hear Armsmaster say.

"And what of her?" The EMT points to me.

"Is that a lawful order?" Katsuki asks.

"Brandish, what is going on?" Miss Militia asks.

"Yes." Armsmaster says firmly.

"Look." Mom puts a hand up in frustration. "Miss Militia, not now. I need to make sure my family is safe and that's not even mentioning how I'm going twenty hours on four hours of sleep."

"Then I guess I have no choice but to comply." Katsuki says calmly. "Sorry If I set you on edge or anything."

'I have a bad feeling.' I think to myself as I look to the EMT. 'Priority one, get Dad and Amy to the hospital safely.'

I disconnected them from Bonesaw's stasis machine. But I don't know what all is wrong with them. I just know kinda how they're supposed to look on the inside. They still haven't woken up, and I'm not trusting a word Bonesaw says about their condition.

… I also don't understand half of it.

"Ma'am if she's not injured or a relative-" I flick my ears, causing him to look down to me for a split second and make brief eye contact as I activate my Love Me power. "-then she… fuck it." He says under his breath before looking to me and kneeling down from the bed of the ambulance. "Hey kid, promise not to mess with all the shiny wires and stuff?"

I glare at the man. Not liking the tone he's taking with me.

"How old do you think I am?" I ask with a furrowed brow.

"Ten?" He offers.

"I'm thirteen." I cross my arms, meanwhile in the background I hear Armsmaster confirming Katsuki's I.D.

"Alright Mr. Bakugo, I apologize for any previous hostility I may have displayed." I don't believe it as I hear Armsmaster confirm that the soft spoken, black haired and green eyed man is Bakugo.

"It's alright sir, I imagine you've had a long night." Katsuki says.

"Look kid just, I'm too tired." The EMT sighs to himself before standing up. "Don't break anything."

"Cool." I say and jump into the back of the ambulance while Mom deals with Miss Militia.

"Look, you can verify my statement with me at the hospital." Mom says as she climbs into the ambulance with me. "But I'm not sticking around here and you have no legal grounds to detain me further."

Objectively untrue, but I see what Mom is doing. She's making herself unbearable to deal with in the effort of getting the authorities to allow us to leave.

This, never works. Unless you're a well known prosecutor and hero.

"Very well, we'll see you later." Miss Militia relents. "And Kitsu, You should-"

Mom closes the ambulance door.

"Just drive." She turns around, walking past the EMT in the back to the seat closest to dad.

And I promptly kick the EMT's shin for staring at her butt.

"Ah!" He hisses and turns to me with a glare. Wisely choosing not to say anything as he sees my unimpressed look.

I walk past him and stand next to mom.

"Hey kid." Says the EMT currently posted in that little cubby spot between the back and front cab. "You need to sit before we can take off."

"I can't." I say and flick my tail. "You don't exactly have inclusive seating."

"Rules are rules kid." He shrugs and leans back. "Hey Rebecca! We, Rebecca?"

I lean over and watch as the driver's side door to the cab opens and a nondescript girl climbs in and takes the seat. Buckling up as she puts the car in drive.

"Sorry about that, had to take a piss." Rebecca says as the ambulance starts moving.

"Where?" The guy in the barrier spot asks. "We're at the abandoned docks in the-"

"Don't worry about it." The driver says snappishly. To which the guy raises his hands defensively.

The ride goes on in relative silence. Aside from the one time the guy demanded I sit down, to which I stuck my tongue out at him and told him to make me.

"So, is there anything I missed while I was gone?" I ask Mom.

"Static Shock is being sent back to Dakota." Mom says softly as she reaches up and pulls her mask back to reveal her tired face. "Oh, and you gave Vicky lupus."

"I'm sorry what?" The EMT I mastered at the door asks.

"Shush you." I shoo him with my hand as I look to Mom. "Is that why I haven't seen her?"

"Yep." Mom says as she leans back and crosses her arms. Closing her eyes as she lets out a sigh through her nose.

"Oh, oops?" I shrug with a sheepish grin.

"You saved her life." Mom says tiredly. "That's what matters."

"Capes." I hear the barrier guy mutter as he rests his head in his hand, before turning around to address the driver. "Rebecca, do think- where are we going?"

"Shortcut." She says.

"Becks this is North Homer, we need to head to Brockton General along East Ranake." The guy says. "Are you good?"

"Yeah I'm fine. Stop making a big deal of it." She says as me and Mom snap our attention to the front of the truck.

"Becks, you can't gulk!" The man tries to say before getting cut off as I smell fresh blood.

"Jeez." I hear the girl sigh before, her voice warping midway as the man falls back to us. Holding his neck as blood spurts from it. "Five more minutes!"

She then reaches back and shuts the metal divider door.

"Tim!" The door guy says as the man bleeds out.

'Why is my life so interesting?' I ask myself with a roll of my eyes as Mom shoots up with two light axes. Stepping over the man bleeding out as the other EMT treats the man currently breathing through a new hole.

I get up with a sigh and follow Mom. Stepping over the man bleeding out under me, and letting my tail wipe over his face. Giving a brief enough contact for me to enhance my perception and heal his cut before I lose contact and keep walking.

'You know, there's a certain irony in trying to kill a man in an ambulance with a known healer in it.' I think to myself as I cover my ears. Protecting myself from the sound of Mom cutting the hinges of the door and kicking it in.

"Whoa!" The girl in the front seat driving says and swerves hard.

Turning around in a panic, I grab the gurney Dad's on and keep it stable as the ambulance runs on two wheels for a few seconds. Activating immovable to keep us still inside the car as everyone gets tossed to the right.

"Careful!" I hear the woman giggle. "I only need the cutie in the back to make it. The rest of you are optional."

She reaches out and tilts the rearview mirror down. Showing her sharp, golden eyes and blonde hair.

"Make your next choice carefully~" She giggles.

I feel my head burn as I stare through the divider. Mom, having been tossed to the side with the car's wheelie, grits her teeth and snarls as she looks at the driver from an angle. Her weapons dispersed when the car tossed her, she doesn't do anything.

"Can either of you two drive?" Mom snaps her head to the two EMT's.

The one who had his throat slit shakes his head. And I cut my master power on the other as he says he can.

I calmly look back to the front, then to the back of the ambulance. And head for the back.

"Kitsu, what are you doing?" Mom asks as I reach the door and break the latch.

"I just got done saving Dad and Amy from being hostages." I say as the doors swing open to the dark, wet city streets. "I am not going through this a second time."

"If you leave, I might crash the car!" The woman says excitedly.

"Do that and I'll make sure you live." I threaten as I look back to meet her gaze in the rearview. "Besides, I never said I was leaving."

I leap up and let physics take over and carry me out of the ambulance. Landing on the ground with a splash, gritting my teeth as I bear the shin splints and start running.

Running up to the back of the ambulance, I use my illusions to close the doors. Jumping up, I land on the back step and bend the doors shut. Making sure no one gets tossed out by accident as I climb to the roof.

Sure enough, the ambulance starts swerving hard. Forcing me to crawl with my fingers dug into the roof of the vehicle as I crawl towards the front cab. Rain falling heavily as I close my eyes, and use my biokinesis to give me a second lens over my eyes that keeps the rain from messing with my vision.

Making it to the cab, I crawl to the edge of the windshield. Getting in position, I slide down the front on my belly. Sliding to the front of the car, I enhance everything as my feet hit the ground and I push against the car. Not activating Immovable because I don't want to flip the car.

Holding back the car is easier said than done it seems. With the wet roads, I just can't get any traction. Not unless I literally dig my feet into the ground and become a post in the ground. Which again, will flip the car. And it takes all of ten seconds for the soles of my shoes to completely scrape away. Leaving me on the padded beans of my feet.

'Wait, it's a car.' I think to myself as I get an idea.

I don't know a lot about cars. Other than you can drive on slashed tires no matter what horror movies would tell you. But I do know the radiator is important. And that it's in the front.

Putting a fist through the grill of the ambulance, I watch as thick white smoke starts billowing out of the hood. Soon the car starts swerving as I wrench my hand up and toss the hood up.

Jumping up, I put a hand to the engine block and start siphoning the heat. Topping myself up as I look around for an idea of what to do. I spot the battery and figure messing with that should do something. Grabbing the thick red and black wires, I yank and listen as several things click and just stop working.

I jump back, putting my hands out to slow the car down. Only to mentally curse as it starts hydroplaning. Swerving to the side and skidding. I grab onto the grill and activate Immovable.

Crink!

And watch as the grill rips off, the ambulance still skidding. Albeit much slower. The back of the ambulance now moving in front as it hits a park car. Pushing the car onto the sidewalk and into a wall as the ambulance comes to a dead stop.

I wince as I realize how bad I messed that one up.

Quickly running over to the ambulance. I rip the back doors off of the hinges.

"Shit!" One of the EMT's falls back onto the ground with a shallow splash. Groaning as his head makes a dull thud against the sidewalk.

Ignoring that, I spot Dad's gurney turned over, with said man flopped over on top of Mom. Who is groaning as she slowly gets up.

The EMT who had his throat slit rolls over with a hiss. Holding his hand to his chest.

"Mom! Dad!" I shout as I jump into the back of the ambulance, sidestepping the EMT.

"I'm fine." Mom says as she stands up, holding onto Dad as she reaches a leg out and kicks the gurney back over. "Check him."

Mom sets him on the gurney and turns towards the divide leading to the cab. Just in time for the driver side door to pop open.

"Fuck." Mom curses under her breath as she turns around and heads out of the ambulance.

"Hey!" I call out after checking on Dad and ensuring he's okay. "Wait for-"

I don't get to finish that statement before blue flames explode out and cover the ambulance back doors. Stopping Mom from leaving just as she was about to step out.

"AAGGHAAA!" The EMT from earlier screams are short lived as he dies relatively quickly.

The flames stop and I run over to the exit of the doors, past mom and looking outside. Looking to my left, I spot the black long coat wearing, messy black hair of Hellfire walking down an alley towards us. Blue flames licking his shoulders.

"Hellfire!" I call out angrily as I hang off the side of the ambulance. "What the hell!?"

I hear the splashing of footsteps as the girl from the driver's seat skips over. Blonde, shoulder length hair and pale skin. Wearing a skin tight white suit that shows her thin and lithe form.

'Then legs!' I look her up and down, before focusing. 'No! Bad! Sexualize later when they're dead- okay that doesn't sound right. Stay focused!'

"Sorry 'bout that Helly!" The woman says with a cheerful voice as she approaches the man. "She kinda jumped and started tearing the engine apart. Was way crazy."

"I can tell." He says cooly with a sideways glance to the girl, before looking back to me. "Sorry about that little boss, but I got my orders. You understand."

'I really, really don't.' I think to myself as I start regretting calling in a favor from Hellfire. Because it seems that whoever he's with, is absolutely nutty.

"Or, you will eventually." He says.

Feeling the hairs on the back of my tail stand on end. I turn around and spot another… no wait. That's Katsuki, or Izuku. Or maybe some weird combo of the two. Slowly walking across the street towards us. Somehow not making a single sound as he does so.

Looking around, I start to recognize the area we're in. The east slums, not too far from the abandoned trainyard I was staying at.

'Wait, did anyone get Pinky?' I think to myself.

I hear a thunk, and feel the ambulance rock above us.

"Damn kid." I hear a raspy voice above. Following the sound, I look up to see a man with shoulder length gray hair and a pale complexion. Black trench coat decorated with stitches that look meant to stand out. "You sure as hell know how to make a scene."

He gives a wide, creepy grin as I start to smell the charred corpse. My nose crinkling in disgust at the smell, and the man squatting above me.

"Sorry for the rude invite." I hear next to me, snapping my head to my right. I see Katsuki leaning on the edge of the ambulance. Looking down to his hands while fiddling with his white gloves. "But, I wanted a word with you." He looks up. "Only real way I could do it without the PRT getting involved. Sorry, I really am."

"Who the hell are you!?" Mom asks as she hops out of the ambulance.

"Mom!" I reach out to stop her, but fail to.

Thankfully nothing happens. Katsuki just looks her up and down. His demeanor changing as his face loses its softness.

"Back in the truck you old hag." He sneers. "This ain't none of your business."

"And neither is it yours!" I say with a smile as I do not have the patients for this.

"Oh, but that's where you're wrong." He grins confidently, his eyes glowing green as arcs of green static start flicking around him. "I don't need her."

He pushes of the side off the ambulance and faces me. Grabbing the side of the ambulance, and ripping the side off with a casual yank as the rain suddenly stops as though on cue.

He tosses the piece behind him, his eyes never leaving mine as I use my master power. And wince as I get a headache, feeling the tether snap back before reaching him.

"Oh?" He grins menacingly. "You're just a host of surprises."

"We'll make this plain and simple." The gray haired one says. "In the interest of, cooperation."

Katsuki snaps his fingers. His eyes lighting up in recognition as he smiles with an aha face.

"Right! Thanks Decay." He says with a smile to the man. "I know this seems a bit much."

"You hijacked an ambulance, kidnapped us, killed an innocent EMT and are now surrounding us." Mom points out.

The thing she doesn't say, is how the only reason we aren't fighting back is because we aren't willing to risk Dad. Sure, someone died and there's another innocent bystander in the ambulance. But at this point, it's a matter of priorities. I'd serve the EMT on a stick if it meant getting Dad to the hospital with no issues.

"I know, I know." He holds his hands up in defense. "It's a bit excessive. But we only wanted to get you somewhere we could talk."

"Hell of a way to-" Mom starts

"Not you." The raspy voiced man says.

I suddenly become very aware of all the eyes on me as I stare into the green eyes of the man five feet away.

"How about this." He says as he kneels. "One hour, I just want to talk one on one. You and me. In exchange, we'll leave, right now."

"She doesn't have-" Mom starts.

"Only if you give me your wallet." I hold a hand out, causing him to blink in surprise.

"Um, I'm not-" He starts.

"Give me your wallet and everything in it. And I let you walk away." I say seriously.

A silence stretches over the scene. Only broken by the other three here breaking into laughter.

"Ah! Oh that's fucking gold!" Decay bellows out as he falls back on the roof of the ambulance. Kicking his feet as he laughs.

"I like her!" The blonde girl says manically. "She's got spirit!"

"Oh, oh man." Hellfire says as he leans on a wall. "Better hurry up boss, or the girl might break your knees!"

I might at this point.

"Alright then." He shrugs, giving a soft smile as he reaches into his pocket. Cutting everyone's laughter short as he holds the brown leather wallet out in front of me. "A show of faith. It has everything, driver's license, social security card, bank card. Everything."

"Okay?" I say as I tentatively reach out and take it.

"Good!" He says and stands up. "We'll talk tomorrow then! Your hiding spot on the tracks sound good?"

I feel my veins go cold as he says that. My hideout in the train yard isn't exactly hidden. But it's out of the way enough that I'd know of anyone nearby trying to find me. And I didn't know about these people looking for me.

I'm still not even sure I know who these clowns are!

"Alright then." He nods and walks past us, stopping to look down at the charred corpse for a moment. Before shaking his head and moving on.

"It goes without saying but." Decay says before hopping off the roof and landing a few feet in front of us. Turning to us with a deranged grin. "If you don't show up, we'll just come find you."

"Come on guys." Katsuki calls back as he goes through the alley Hellfire came from. "Leave them be for now."

"Bye bye for now!" The blonde waves as she skips away.

"See ya." Hellfire says as he turns around and just walks away.

Decay eyes us with a predatory grin. Before giving a short chuckle and shoving his hands in his pockets. Shaking his head as he calmly walks off and follows the others.

As soon as they leave our sight. Or, at least my sight. Mom collapses. Falling back onto the back step of the ambulance. Smothering her face in her hands as she gives a muffled scream.

I reach out and put a hand on her shoulder. Giving her soft pats.

"There there." I say calmingly. "It's not your fault."

"Don't patronize me." She says tiredly.

.

.

-Brockton Bay General Hospital, Monday, October 4th, 1pm-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"So, you gonna have your happy reunion with your long lost girlfriend?" Dennis says dramatically, fake swooning next to me as we walk down the halls.

"Clock, I swear if you, just, pull a you." I manage to get out, putting a hand up to act as a divider between us. "Then, I'll… just don't."

"Don't what?" He asks with a laugh. "Call you kissy Missy out of nowhere-"

I stretch the floor under him right as he takes a step. Forcing him to do the splits.

"-Rrrraaaah ha… haaaa." He pants out in pain as he rolls to his side mid fall. Saving himself from the worst of it.

"Say that, ever." I turn to face him. "And every puddle you step in will be ten feet deep."

"Noted." He gives a thumbs up with one hand while rubbing his thigh with the other. "Oh god I think I pulled something."

I turn back around and head for the doors. Not bothering to check with the nurse as I warp the space between the double doors and walk through the halls towards the hero wing.

About a minute of walking past doctors, nurses, rooms and security. I look up and down the halls. Looking for rooms H one through five.

Finding the rooms in question, I walk down the hall and focus on my extrasensory field. The bit of my power that tells what I can and can't effect. Finding the odd shape of area I can't effect inside room H two. Alongside the shape of a man laying down.

The thing that makes the shape I'm looking for odd. Is her tail and ears.

Warping the miniscule space between the door and wall, I expand it and step in. Earning the raggy clothes wearing girl's attention.

"Missy!" Her eyes light up and her ears perk as she gets up from the chair she was sitting backwards in. Running over to me. "I'm so glad to see-"

Slap!

She's cut off as I slap her.

"Oww!" She holds her cheek as she looks to the side. "What is it with people slapping me lately?"

"If people are slapping you it's because you deserve it!" I tell her as I remove my visor. "Seriously? Two weeks and nothing?"

"I was trying not to put you in danger." She says softly with a nervous, worried look up to me.

Either I've gotten taller, or she just looks shorter the way she is right now.

"Don't give me that crap." I huff out with a glare. "Two, weeks. I get that I was on ice for half of that but not once did you reach out. No visit, no calls, no texts, not even a dm on Parahumans online! You ghosted me! Do you have any idea how that makes me feel? Like I'm secondary to you! I come as an afterthought to whatever you're doing."

I finish my rant. Panting heavily from having said that all in one breath as Kitsu stares at me with wide eyes.

"Well?" I say as I spread my arms out in exasperation. "Say something!"

"You're hot when you're mad." She blurts out with a blush.

"What?" I feel my anger get put on hold as I try to compute what she just said after everything I told her.

"I'm sorry!" Her ears splay back. "You just started yelling and being all take charge and then yelled at me to say something and it was the first thing that came to mind!" She says quickly.

"Well if that's the case then prepare for me to look like a runway model!" I raise my voice as I take in what she said. "I pour my frustration out to you and your first words are, you're hot? Do you not get it? I'm upset with you! I'm mad that you didn't so much as send a text saying you're alright. Something, anything to let me know you were at least thinking about me."

"I, I, I'm sorry." She says softly as she looks down at the floor.

"Sorry's not going to be enough." I cross my arms.

She doesn't look surprised when I say that. So I can at least rest assured in knowing she's taking me serious.

"I-I… I don't know." She says softly. "I, don't have anything I can, I don't know."

"Oh you have plenty." I say as I uncross my arms. "For one, you have yourself."

"Huh?" She asks as she looks up.

"You owe me seven dates, at least." I say as I poke her chest for emphasis. "Consecutive, with thought put into them. You're paying for anything and everything. And you best believe I'm going to be kissing you and petting your tail."

Kitsu stares up at me with a blank, almost disbelieving expression as I finish.

"So, you're- Mrph!" I cut her off by grabbing her face and pulling her in for a kiss. One I have to crane my neck down a little for as I hold her close.

And loosen up a little as I hold her too close and she presses against my gut.

"I'm glad you're okay." I say as I crane my neck up and rest my chin on her head. "I missed, you."

"Wasn't it just a week for you?" She asks as I feel her hands wrap around my midsection to return the hug.

And I hear her sniffing me.

'Little weirdo.' I think to myself.

I've noticed she does that anytime she hugs someone. It's a her thing, I'm sure.

"Too long." I say as I want to squeeze her tight, but can't because of my stupid body. "You stink."

"I, haven't bathed in a while." She mutters.

"I can tell." I say simply as I rub her back.

"Mean." She mutters into my padded chest plate. "You're new hero suit sucks. Too much armor."

"Deal with it." I say simply, and roll my eyes as I watch her tail wag a little faster.

'How do I keep forgetting that she likes it when I'm a bitch.' I think to myself.

"I'm sorry." She mutters quietly.

"Just promise you won't run off against a team of villains on your own again." I sigh tiredly.

"Umm, about that." She chuckles nervously.

"What." I demand to know as I pull back and stare her down.

.

.

-Abandoned Tracks, Train Yard, Monday, October 4th, 4pm-

.

.

I sit on the roof of the abandoned shed I called home for the last week or so. Crawler's corpse is still tied down to the tracks just a bit away. I left it there because I genuinely couldn't be bothered to move it. Or dispose of it.

Someone will get rid of it eventually. Maybe.

'Maybe I should get rid if it?' I think as I kick my feet over the roof's edge. Humming a made up, nonsense tune as I just wait. 'If it doesn't get moved soon, then there's a chance I could get in trouble. Wait, he had a kill order so… would I? I mean people with kill orders aren't really considered people. So does leaving him there count as littering? Or would it be illegal dumping? What's the difference?'

I'm brought from considerations on the legality of just leaving the corpse to rot, when I hear the sounds of footsteps on the soft gravel. Looking down the ways, I spot the Izuku lookalike calling himself Katsuki. And then I smell it.

Food!

'No! Bad Kitsu!' I admonish myself. 'He's the enemy! Bad guy!'

But free food.

'You don't know if it's for you, and even then it might be drugged.' I think to myself as I watch the unassuming man walk towards me.

"Morning!" He gives a bright smile, putting a hand up to shield his eyes from the sun while looking up to me.

"It's afternoon." I point out.

"Just a greeting." He gives a good natured scoff.

"Yeah yeah." I say as I push off the roof and land on the gravel with a soft crunch. "You gonna say why you're here?"

"Well, first." He holds up the brown bag with the red logo of a stereotypical Mexican man. Sarape, sombrero and thick mustache. "I was thinking we could have a chat over lunch?"

Taking a whiff.

"Pass." I refuse him outright. Crossing my arms over my chest and looking away. "I don't like burritos unless they have cheese."

"Fair enough." He shrugs and sets the bag down. Putting his hands in his pockets. He gives me a bright smile. "So, you probably want to know what this is about."

"Very much so." I say, losing my patients for this. Though, not really wanting to head home just yet.

I'm grounded as soon as I step in the doors.

"Well, it's simple but a bit, well it's a bit awkward to ask." He says nervously and starts scratching his cheek while avoiding direct eye contact.

"Wait." I say as I start piecing everything together.

He's obviously Hellfire's boss. Hellfire keeps calling me the new boss. He claims to want to talk to me, sent a double agent to try and kidnap me and Mom. Set up this whole meeting to get us a private moment. Brought me lunch!

"I get it now!" I say as I feel my eyes go wide.

"Wait." He stops in his track. "Really?"

"You want to sleep with me!" I point an accusatory finger at the pedophile.

'Why!?' I ask myself. 'Why do I keep running into these creeps!?'

I guess it's my fault for thinking that trucker I hitchhiked a ride from a few months ago was the last of them. Then again, I did manage to go a few months without running into anyone with grabby hands.

Children petting my tail not included.

"What?" He asks, caught off guard at being caught red handed. "No! Nothing like that, the opposite in fact."

"Yeah, and I'll bet you're just here for a cupcake!" I say as I pull my phone out. "I'm calling the police, creep!"

I'd kill him outright, but I reserve that for molesters. Not intended molesters. They just get the social ruining.

"No!" He calls out, and I watch as a black tendril reaches out and grabs my phone.

"Hey!" I say as I keep ahold of my phone. "Nyo! I can't wreck another one!"

'Wade will kill me!... Socially!' I think frantically. He has all my socials!

"You're not calling the cops." He says in a dark tone, his demeanor changing in an instant as green static flickers around him. "I'm not here for, that. So just calm down, and listen to me."

He lets go of my phone, the tendril disappearing into thin air as he lowers his arm. Taking a deep breath, he runs his hand through his messy black hair.

"I'm sorry." He groans as he paces back and forth. Hands covering his face. "I just, I snap sometimes. I didn't mean anything by that."

"Yeah, sure." I say as I start backing up, intent on bolting the fuck out of here.

"I'll just, look." He says and holds his hands up, earning my curiosity just enough to not bolt immediately. "Cards on the table, I need you to kill me."

…

"Why do people keep asking me that?" I mutter to myself.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Japan, 7 months after the sinking of Kyushu

.

.

Inko Midoriya POV

.

Dear Miss Midoriya

Due to recent events and acts of god outside anyone's control, we regret to inform you-

I look at the public aide form.

Dear Miss Midoriya, we must unfortunately inform you that due to unforeseen events-

I look to the landlord's notice.

Due to recent events and various factors. Rent has been increased from-

"Mom." I'm pulled away from my reading as I look up to my eleven year old boy. My poor son, hair dyed blonde like a delinquent. He's clearly uncomfortable with it, and it breaks my heart to make him do this. "I, do I really have to do this?"

"I-I'm sorry sweetie." I say as I keep my voice in check. Getting up from the table to walk over, giving my son a hug he no doubt needs. One he doesn't return. "I'm sorry but, it's the only thing we can do."

He's so thin. Even with me giving him my rations, he's still withering away.

"I, this feels wrong." He sniffles.

"I know sweetie." I say softly as I feel my heart break. "But, but it'll get better. I promise. Now." I pull back and give him a smile. "Like we practiced."

"My name is Bakugo Katsuki." He says with a sad look. "I'm eleven years old, my mom is Bakugo Mitsuki. We were lost in the crowd of refugees during our family visit to Kyushu. Dad didn't make it."

My heart breaks as I coach my son in how to steal the identity, of his best friend.

.

.

.

.

.

The Butcher

.

Birth Name: Izuku Midoriya

Legal Name: Katsuki Bakugo

.

A-class

Sex: Male

Gender Identity: Male

Relationships: Deceased Mother and Father

Age: Early 20's

Height: 5ft 11in

Weight: 170 lbs.

Ethnicity: Japanese

Hair Color: Black

Eye Color: Emerald Green

.

Classification:

Trump 10: Enhances any ability gifted to him.

Breaker: Capable of channeling and storing potential energy, transferring the stored energy across his body.

Shaker: Able to emit a large smoke cloud on command.

Mover: can extend tendrils of black energy out to attach to various surfaces and pivot between surfaces. Can also attack and manipulate the tendrils like extension of his own body.

Striker: Able to redirect and refocus kinetic energy with a touch. Able to enhance any pain they inflict.

Thinker: Able to sense danger and emotions at short range.

Stranger: Immune to Master effects. Can cut off others ability to detect him with one of their sense at a time. I.e. is able to become soundless, scentless, invisible, ect. But only one at a time.

Master: Upon being killed, will have their powers and subconscious transferred to their killer. If the killer isn't a parahuman, then it moves to the closest parahuman.

.

Personal profile

Born Izuku Midoriya on Japan's mainland in 1988. Leviathan's attack on Kyushu had a rippling effect on Japan's economic and social stability. In the chaos left in the wake of Kyushu sinking, Inko Midoriya assumed the identity of her friend, Mitsuki Bakugo, who had died in Leviathan's attack alongside her husband and child. And furthered the deception by claiming Izuku as Bakugo. Using the combined assets of her and her dead friend, she fled to America in hopes of a better life.

This series of events deeply scarred Izuku. Not the least of which was from the fact he had to play the role of his dead friend for years in order to avoid deportation. It is around this time that Izuku triggered with a Trump power.

Eventually, while attending therapy in San Franscico. The Teeth had passed through. Caught in a hostage situation, Izuku was forced to kill The Butcher in order to save a family from being gunned down.

His previously unknown power made itself known when he started hearing voices. Voices that drove him back to The Teeth where he has been fighting a losing battle in his head over the last five years.

Izuku is naturally kind hearted, but the death of his friend and subsequent uprooting of his life and need to assume his friend's identity have left him with a warped sense of self. Even before The Butcher, Izuku struggled with questions of identity.

.

.

A/N

.

Ask questions!

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, Alduinian and 105 others
Newb to the game
Feb 10, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 82 Return to Format New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Feb 17, 2025
Add bookmark
#960
A/N Return to format

Alt title: Kitsu, S9 epilogue

.

.

Radchaos897: I can't comment much on the Butcher shard due to spoilers. But I can say that it's funny how The Butcher and Kitsu's shards have something in common. Hell, [Conduit] is already collecting junk data into free space so it can comfortably subsume dead shards.

Other than that, [Conduit] would NOT allow the Butcher shard anywhere near Kitsu.

Other than that, expect more slice of life. Kitsu and Vicky sisterhood bonding with Amy being forced into the mix, (classic extroverts adopting an introvert) more Kissy Missy, (she's growing up and starting to recognize Kitsu's buttons) more Mark/Carol and Kitsu bonding. And more!

Gogmazios: Welcome back! Hope the catch up was enjoyable.

GideonBlackthorn: No. It's like you said, Izuku is good at holding back the worst of the Butcher's influence. Part of that, is his own identity issues. He was messed up by the death of his friend, and being forced to take his identity made him subconsciously develop some of his personality traits. Both to emulate him, and keep his memory alive.

One of those traits? Stubbornness. Izuku would sooner die than let the Butcher take full control and run wild. As such, he also won't involve others in his goals.

Bradlysteak: OP fox, plz nerf.

Grimnosh: That assumes he's dumb enough to get near Kitsu without a contingency in case she does pull that.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Abandoned Tracks, Train Yard, Monday, October 4th, 4:22pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Why do people keep asking me that?" I mutter to myself as I look to the gravel below my feet.

"You've… had people ask you to kill them?" Katsuki asks in confusion.

"Once or twice." I look to the confused man with a shrug. "But that's besides the point. Answer is no. I'm not about to commit assisted suicide for the third time in the same year. So, just do it yourself or come back next year I guess."

I turn from him and start to walk away. Ready to be done with this ring circus of headaches that has been my life the last few days.

"I don't think so." He says, appearing in front of me in a flash of green static. The gravel being kicked up along the path he ran.

"You don't want to do this." I say, letting my eyes glow and turn red as I illusion my arm, making my real arm invisible as I reach into my pocket and press the locator.

"Ooh." He says in a patronizing tone as his green eyes glow. "I can do that too! See?"

"Nope." I shake my head, returning my arm back to its place and cutting off the illusions. "I don't."

I then leave a decoy as I turn invisible. Walking around behind him as he talks to the decoy. The decoy that now has a modicum of autonomy and self awareness. Enough to maintain a conversation without me needing to pay direct attention.

"Think about it, someone as powerful as you. Yet you could have even more power." Katsuki says as he holds his arms out.

Just in time for me to reach a hand into his back and crush his spine.

Only for him to turn into a grey goo and dissolve around my hand.

"Ew!" I cringe at the warm, moist, sticky feeling. "Ugh! It's so slimy."

"Pfft." My decoy snorts at me, finding amusement in my plight.

"Get out of here!" I snap at the snarky illusion, watching as it sticks its tongue out at me as it fades into sparkles.

Ever since assimilating Manton's shard, I can make decoys with a limited sense of autonomy and limited abilities. They're not like The Siberian where they have their own will and sense of self. Rather, they are more of an extension of my subconscious.

"Well now." I hear behind me, and pivot around to see another Katsuki leaning against a shipping container, flipping a butterfly knife in hand. "Guess I should thank Twice and his paranoia."

He looks to me, and I send out a pink illusionary shard out and into his eye. Not with enough force to go through, but enough to lodge. And I watch as he reels back from the hit before dissolving into grey goo.

"How many are there?" I ask myself.

"Enough." I turn to the familiar voice from up above.

"Hellfire, I'm guessing you're fake too?" I ask the man sitting on the edge of the shipping container.

"Does it matter?" He shrugs and drops off the edge, landing with a crunch on the gravel. "Whether I'm me, or just a decoy, feel free to kill me. Just means you won't get a warning." He says as he puts his hands in his pockets.

'Why do you have to be so cool!?' I think to myself.

"What warning?" I ask as I turn to him with a glare.

"Just that the little group of reinforcements you have out that way." He pulls a hand out and points to the east. "Yeah, we figured you'd have the same idea we did in case this went south."

'Damnit!' My eyes widen as I realize they set up an ambush.

"So yeah, hurry up-" I explode his head. Forming an illusionary ball inside his brain and expanding it in an instant.

I avoid the grey goo and start running. Jumping up to the top of the shipping containers. The loose gravel not being good for high speed running.

.

.

Ethan "Assault" POV

.

"Hey now!" I say as I grab the woman's wrist and push the knife wielding hand down while elbowing her in the face. Watching as the manic blonde turns into grey goo. "Damn."

"Come on ya bastards!" Muscular shouts as he throws a train car at me and Miss Militia.

"Assault!" MM calls as she jumps back behind me.

"On it!" I step in front and hold my hands out, letting the car hit me as I redirect the kinetic energy. Throwing the rust blue car back at him. "Return to sender!"

The one good thing about this? Doesn't matter how strong they are, hit'em hard enough to break a bone and they drop. Even if they're a brute.

"On your left!" Lady Photon flies in and extends an iridescent domed forcefield around us. Protecting us from the flames that flow through and blast around us.

'You know, this would be pretty cool if not for the risk of turning into human shish kabobs.' I think as I watch the iridescent lightshow flow around us.

"Going down in three." She warns, prompting me to run as soon as the shield drops.

I'm in the flames for about a second, but it was enough to catch my suit on fire. Rolling on the gravel, I putt out the little amount of fire that reached me.

"Kinetic redirection." I look up to see the very unassuming face of the current Butcher. The green eyes looking down into mine with a mild interest. "Rather versatile. Makes dealing with you, tricky."

'He figured out my power?' I realize before the implications and panic set in. 'Shit!'

"But not impossible." Behind me, a raspy voice says as I feel someone grab my ankle and pull me back.

They grab my shoulder and with an absurd amount of strength, pull me up onto my knees. My shoulder armor crumbling under their touch. I look up to see the creepy, thin smile of Decay as he grabs my throat. Dissolving the rubberized armor before I feel my neck burn alongside my shoulder.

I claw at the hand around my neck. Desperately trying to remove it as my skin starts to rot away under his grip.

Splat

I gasp as the hand loosens and falls away. My neck and shoulder still burning from the exposed muscle and subdermal skin.

It takes a second, but I notice the sounds of the fight had just… stop. Looking up to see what's going on. Is see the three Manics, two Hellfires, one Mr. Compress, two Butchers, Decay and two Musculars looking to the newcomer.

Kitsu, standing on a boxcar and over looking the fight with an eerily calm smile. Pointing a finger gun at me.

She then moves her finger over to a Manic. Prompting the crazy eyed blonde to point to herself and say me?

"Bang." Kitsu says calmly, and Manic's head explodes. Her body dissolving into a grey goop. "Bang." Kitsu aims at Mr. Compress. "Bang." One of the Hellfires. All of their heads exploding as she aims.

I avoid the obvious finger banging joke. She's thirteen and looks ten. I have some class.

No matter what Jaime says.

"Shown up by a little girl, this is emasculating." I sigh while holding my throat.

"Fight me!" Muscular jumps up and rears a fist at Kitsu.

Muscular throws his massive, muscular fist at the Endstopper. The girl not even bothering to look at him as his hand stops dead against the side of her head. His feet touch the roof of the boxcar, and as soon as he gains footing. He divulges a flurry of punches against the child.

"Bang." Kitsu says, killing another Manic as they flee. "Bang." She kills the other Muscular as he starts running up. Ignoring the current Muscular wailing into her. His muscles growing larger and larger, making audible crack sounds in the air as he struggles to hurt the girl who took a hit from Behemoth, and sent it right back.

While I'm left here in astonishment. Contemplating my purpose here as she solo's the Teeth's heavy hitters. Or at least their clones.

She finishes them off. Leaving the two Butchers left. Both of which merely observe with a cold indifference.

'I just wanna go home.' I think as I wince from the throbbing pain. 'It's where my Puppy's at. And my lunch.'

Both are true. I left my lunch at home.

And, technically speaking, they're the same thing!

…

It's not the same if she isn't around.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Are you done?" I ask the steroid jock as he pants, his hits getting slower as time goes on.

It looks like I'm casually ignoring him. Only giving him the bare minimum of consideration as a threat. But really? I'm just using his strength as a battery. Absorbing his hits while turning my immovable on and off as I move my arm.

"Fight back!" He yells, no longer punching as he pants. His muscles steaming and deflating. "Take this, seriously!"

"I refuse on principle." I say and step to the side, upper cutting him in the junk.

This one is real. Otherwise the force of the hit to his legacy would've dispelled him. But instead he just howls while holding his junk.

The rest of the clones I dispatched without concern. The only ones I didn't, are the Butcher clones. Because if one of them was real, then I'd be kinda screwed.

"That was a bit cruel, don't you think?" One of the Butchers, the one near Assault, says with a kind smile as he adjusts his tie. "Would it not be easier to kill him?"

No one is attacking the Butcher for the same reason I'm not. Or at least I assume. Currently, there's Aunt Sarah, Miss Militia and Assault.

All they could spare really. There's still a gang war raging in the city after all. And it's a big city.

"I could." I say as I step off the boxcar, ignoring the shin splits from landing straight so I can look cool as I walk. "But I kinda got a girlfriend, and she doesn't like it when I kill unnecessarily. Or too brutally."

I will only ever apologize for one of those. After all if you're going to die, why not make it memorable.

"Understandable." He nods, turning to me. "So, now you-"

I raise my fingers up, making a finger pistol at him. Aiming at his shoulder.

"… Well, this is somewhat funny." He chuckles.

"Bang." His shoulder explodes from an invisible, expanding orb.

It goes without saying. But the finger pistols and saying bang, are completely unnecessary. But I think it's cool so nyah!

"Well, that's-" He says as he dissolves into a grey goop.

Leaving us with one real Muscular, and a potentially fake Butcher.

I turn to the remaining Butcher. Who smiles at me like a friend. Then looks confused when I put my fingers down.

"Psst, hey, tiny murder machine." Assault whispers. "Don't want to tell you how to do your job but-"

I point a finger pistol at him while maintaining eye contact with the Butcher.

"-you're self employed and doing an excellent job." Assault quickly saves himself.

I wasn't actually going to do anything. But I'm trying to be at least semi serious. So the less distractions the better.

"What's the matter?" Katsuki asks with a raised brow, a confused smile on his face. "Surely you're aware I'm a clone."

I don't answer, because I don't know. It was raining when I first saw him, so I can't rely on my sense of smell. Even then, I wasn't paying enough attention to really memorize his scent like I did with people I care about. So that method is out.

Other than that, I have no way of telling if he's a clone. And that might not even be possible and he's trying to bait me!

"Because if I kill or capture you, I won't be able to send a message." I say, returning a friendly smile.

"Muscular can do that." He points out.

"Kitsu, in case you weren't aware you don't have authority here." Miss Militia says as she walks towards Katsuki, translucent green rifle in hand. "Katsuki Bakugo, on the authority of-"

"Bitch I was talking!" Katsuki yells as he turns to her. Green static around him as he throws a down hook into the ground. Causing a shockwave of gravel to burst out and throw MM back.

Aunt Sarah takes this as an opportunity to blast him with shots of light. To absolutely no effect as they hit and dissipate.

"Piss off ya old bat." Katsuki rolls his head to the side. "I'm being nice. Now beat it!"

"Old bat- I'm thirty eight!" Aunt Sarah glares.

The blasts didn't destroy him. So either it's a power that reduced their effect, he's real, or some clones are more durable.

'Time to test a theory.' I think to myself as I enhance my speed and run up to him.

Enhancing my perspective as I jump and reach for his neck. The only exposed bit of skin on him.

Small green sparks fly in slow motion. Arcing out across his form as I grab his throat, using my biokinesis to get a look at what's going on inside.

And find nothing.

He's got DNA, but it's all nonsense. Like mold. No organs, no bones, no brain, nothing. Just a mess of gelatinous meat.

'So it was a power that reduced the effect of the blasts.' I think to myself. 'That or Aunt Sarah is getting old. But does that effect powers?'

"Do you recall what happened to the last group that threatened my family?" I ask as I plant my feet on his gut, raising a clawed hand back as I keep ahold of his throat.

"Heh, go for it." He spreads his arms out in an invitation. "Though, I feel I should say that I never threatened your family."

"Just last night!" I growl and turn my eyes red again.

"Was to get to you." He points a finger at me. "Had your family been there or not, not my concern."

"Why should I believe you?" I growl.

"Because, I respect the unwritten rules." He says with a smile. "I didn't attack you in the buffet, I didn't attack your hideout, I didn't attack your home. Why would I do so now?"

He did reveal he knew about my hideout. New Wave isn't hidden by any means. Even if our house isn't registered, Ben proved how easy it is to find us if you try hard enough.

"Okay, assuming that's true and you didn't just make that up." I bring my clawed hand down and behead him. Jumping back as he dissolves into goop.

I look around the site as Miss Militia pulls herself out of the gravel. And Assault is being tended to by Aunt Sarah.

"Fight me seriously!" Muscular roars as he comes down from a jump.

I activate immovable as he starts wailing on me again. Just, fueling me with his stupidity.

"I need a bath." I sigh, before reaching out and grabbing Muscular's wrist.

And snap it.

"Ahhhh! You brat!"

.

.

-The Rig, Monday, October 4th, 6pm-

.

.

"This is kind of funny." I smirk as I put my hand on Vicky's shoulder and start fixing her immune system.

I say fixing, but it's already been fixed. There is literally nothing wrong with it. It's like a brand new immune system!

"You can say that when you've been stuck in a white padded room for two weeks." She huffs.

That's the problem. Bonesaw's virus killed off everything it came into contact with. And it went after the microbes first, killing off colonies of helpful bacteria that Vicky's body was using. I can't recreate those. They were specific to her, and too numerous to accurately memorize. I doubt even Amy could recreate Vicky's biosphere perfectly.

So, I'm doing the second best thing. Making her immune system wickedly powerful on its own. Like that one guy from the hospital who was caught in the Case 53 cloud. He was basically growing spines made of kidney stones out of his back. Because his immune system was so effective, it was filtering everything. Even the air around him.

"Oh it's not that bad you big baby." I roll my eyes.

"I don't want to hear that from someone half my size." She pokes my chest. "I have no privacy here, and anytime I get news of what's going on I had to bite my tongue! You owe me."

"I saved your life." I shoot back as I finish up and pull back from her and cross my arms. "I think I repaid whatever you think I owe."

"Oh yeah?" She crosses her arms under her chest, pushing her chest up to appear bigger.

"Yeah." I puff my chest out to, lesser effect.

"I heard you're about to be like, mega grounded." Vicky says with a sly smirk.

"What about it?" I ask, squinting my eyes at the obnoxiously conspiratorial teen.

She leans in and speaks softly. Likely to not let what she's about to say be overheard.

"What would happen if say, Mom found out about what you did to Ashley?" She asks with a smirk.

That was Missy's bully.

"How do you? I have no idea what you're talking about." I quickly save myself before I accidentally confirm her suspicions.

"Keets, please." She scoffs and tosses her hair back. "Not a week after you find out Missy's going to the same school as us, and her bully gets suspended after being ruined socially? And then hearing just all that happened? There is literally only one person I know who's that petty."

"I'm not petty." I turn away from her.

Yes I am. I absolutely am.

"Keets, you made me flow early when I was wearing white." She says.

My eyes widen again as I consider how she could possibly know that.

"Before you ask, I keep track of my cycle." She says with a bite in her voice. "I just didn't think anything of it until after it happened."

"Fine." I concede defeat. "What do you want?"

She smirks and crosses her arms.

…

"What?" I ask again.

She frowns and pushes her chest up.

I furrow my brows as I realize what she's talking about.

"Seriously?" I ask in a flat tone. "Didn't I already adjust that a bit ago?"

"Always room for improvement." She smirks. "You'll understand in a year or two."

"You held onto the fact I forced your period, and bullied Ashley, for how long?" I ask as I look to her, wholly unimpressed. "All so you could blackmail me into giving you a boobjob?"

"I never said I wasn't petty." She scoffs.

…

"You know what, that's fair." I sigh and reach out for her shoulder.

"Great!" She grins. "So if you can make them firmer, add some muscle under them to make them perkier that'd be great!"

"I hope you understand I hate this." I say dryly as I get to work. "You're basically my sister, and technically my biological cousin."

"Then it shouldn't be weird unless you make it weird." She smirks. "Ya little weirdo."

I activate a nerve in her back.

"Ah!"

.

.

-Dallon House, Monday, October 4th, 7:12pm-

.

.

"No leaving the house unless it's for school, PR events, or emergencies." Mom lists off as I lay my head on the table. "Look at me when I'm talking to you young lady!"

I lift my head up.

"No inviting anyone over, no friends, no fellow Wards, no heroes, no villains-"

"That was one time!" I defend myself.

"No, villains." She says sternly before continuing. "No scheduling PR events without my permission, you'll call me right before you get to school and right after you leave. No ordering plants or exotic materials online, no visits to Parian unless it's needed for refitting your normal clothes. Not your special outfits. You'll be helping your father with all of the household chores. From dishes, laundry, to mowing the lawn."

"This is inhumane!" I decry as I kick my dangling feet under the chair.

"This is being grounded." Mom says firmly. "You're lucky I'm letting you keep your computer and phone. If it wasn't for the fact you use it to network and earn cash I would've pawned it."

"This isn't fair!" I yell. "I only ran away to protect you all!"

"One, lower your tone little lady." Mom points at me. "Two, that only works in movies. You had every opportunity to call, text, leave a note. Anything to let me know you were okay." She then holds out a hand and starts counting on her fingers. "Instead you, leave without saying anything, block me and everyone else on your socials, refuse to answer any calls, then go behind Sarah and I's back and get the recruits to take on the nine!"

"They agreed to it." I mutter softly.

"Kitsu!" I flinch as Mom raises her voice. "Ben is ten, Pinky is roughly fourteen, Jenny and Gully sixteen. They were in no way ready to take on the god damned Slaughterhouse Nine! It's a miracle none of them died. No wait, Gully did die. You just brought her back."

I don't say anything to that one… because I don't have anything that would help me in this case. Not like I can be all, it was a calculated risk.

"Nothing else?" Mom asks as she crosses her arms.

I shake my head dejectedly as I stare at the table. Before I do think of something.

"What about the Teeth?" I look up and ask.

"The heroes will deal with it." She says, before quickly adding. "And no, you don't get to jump between being a hero and being retired just because you feel like it. That's not how it works."

"You seem to do it." I mutter to myself.

"What was that?" Mom says with a bit of bite in her tone.

"Nothing!" I sit up straight.

Mom stares me down for a bit. Her brows furrowing, before she closes her eyes and sighs.

"Go to your room." She pinches the bridge of her nose.

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

I walk out of the living room and into the hallway, just in time to have the local fox skitter past me. Running up the stairs without even saying hi.

I open my mouth to say something. Before I flinch at the sound of a door slamming.

"Slam that door again and you'll lose it!" Carol calls out from the kitchen.

Deciding to get the full details, I head for the kitchen. I know Kitsu's grounded for what happened, taking off and essentially becoming a runaway. But that's it.

Walking into the kitchen, I spot Carol sat at the table with her head in her hands. Stressed from the two weeks of worry she went through. No doubt shaving years off of her life.

I lean on the entry way of the door and knock on the frame. Gaining her attention, her ever present glare snapping to me before softening.

"You alright?" I ask.

"Yeah I, I just have a lot going on." She says. "How's Amy?"

"She's watching TV in the living room." I nod my head in the direction. "She's eating a bag of popcorn while watching an old rom com. Don't tell her I told you."

Vicky is currently at Dean's house. Being confined to a sterilized cell for two weeks has left her with little desire to remain in place.

And yes, I know what she's doing over there. I'm not dumb. But I trust her to be safe about it.

Or at least go to Amy if she isn't.

… Actually, should probably have a talk about that.

"Mark, can you get the pinot noir?" Carol asks as she massages her forehead.

"Sure thing." I say, pushing off the wall and heading for the fridge. "So, how did Kitsu take the grounding?"

"About as well as Vicky took her grounding when she was twelve." Carol sighs.

"Oof." I wince slightly as I open the fridge and grab the bottle tucked away in the back. "Well, at least there aren't any holes in the wall."

"That's just because her strength isn't natural, it's activated." Carol says while I pour her a glass. "I had to guilt her with how she involved the recruits."

"That seems a little-" I start to say.

"Mark." She cuts me off with a glare. "She ran, away."

"Well, what kid hasn't taken off from time to time." I shrug. "Remember what I told you I did when I was nine?"

"Mark this isn't about some kid leaving the yard because his dad went in the house to grab another beer." Carol takes the glass of wine from me and downs it. "This, is about her probationary agreement. She has to stay out of trouble while under our supervision for one year. If at any point the PRT called it in, or hell, if the school reported her absence. If at any point she was declared a runaway then she'd be declared a fugitive, arrested and sent through the system. And there is nothing I'd be able to do for her."

'Shit.' I think to myself.

That is serious. And I had honestly forgotten about the probation thing Carol had Kitsu sign.

"So, did you tell her that?" I ask.

Carol stares at her empty glass for a bit. Sighing as she sets it down.

"No." She groans. "I, I didn't want her to feel like I was threatening her or, lording that over her."

I nod in agreement, understanding her meaning. Not that I think Kitsu would take such a thing seriously. She has no disillusionment over how powerful she is, and knows she can get away with almost anything. Hell, she has gotten away with several things. Including theft, murder, pretty sure she's tortured someone at some point.

The only thing that keeps her in line is, ironically, I think it's the idea that we'd be upset with her. As nice as it is that we're held so highly in her mind. It's, concerning how unconcerned she is with most things.

Theft? The thief wanted it more. Vandalism? Depends on the kind. Assault? Modern entertainment.

"Do you want me to talk to her?" I ask. Seeing how tired and stressed she is.

"If you would?" Carol says tiredly. "I just, I'm not good at the softer side of parenting."

"And I barely have experience parenting." I say as I lean down for a quick kiss. Something she gives me readily. "And I do fine." I say with a smile as I pull away.

"Wipe that smirk off your face and get." She slaps my ass with a frown.

"So feisty." I chuckle as I walk around the table and head upstairs.

.

.

-5 minutes ago, Kitsu's room-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Mmmmrrrrrmmmm!" I scream into my pillow, kicking my feet on my bed hard enough to kick my shoes off.

This, SUCKS!

I was only doing what I've always done. Just, larger scale this time. So what if I was gone a few weeks? I'm literally immortal!

I do feel bad about giving Vicky an autoimmune disorder. Though not that bad. Because on some level, it's kinda funny that she was allergic to Dean.

And herself but It's funnier if you focus on the first bit.

I gave her a touch up as an apology so we're good.

Tink tink tink

Flicking my ear to the window, I notice the breathing and heartbeat of someone on the other side of the glass.

Getting up, I prepare to enhance my perception and explode their head. Half expecting it to be someone from the Teeth.

Opening the curtain. I see the hooded face of my girlfriend standing on a warped windowsill. Waving with a smile. She breathes on the window and writes on the glass.

(Let me in?)

I giggle at the silliness and nod. Stretching up and unlatching the window lock, I open the window.

"Missy!" I exclaim in a hushed whisper and reach my arms out to catch her. "What are you doing here?"

"Ugh, mom's being a pain." She scoffs as she rolls her eyes and takes her hood off. "Got into another fight with my dad, uncle Justin came over, it wasn't pretty."

"Well, you can always visit me." I beam up at her. "But you need to be quiet, I'm grounded."

"Oh, I can leave if you." She starts to pull away.

"Nyo." I pull her back in for a tighter hug. "You stay."

"You're so clingy." She giggles as she hugs me back as I rub my face into her chest.

"Ah!" I squeak in surprise as she grabs my butt and lifts me up with a grunt.

My face burns as she sets me on the edge of my bed with a huff. Grinning at me and giggling.

"Wh-what was-" I start to say before she leans forward for a kiss.

"Remember? You owe me." She grins with a blush. "And, well, we haven't really seen each other in two weeks. I miss my little snuggle bug-"

My ears perk up as I hear heavy footsteps coming up the stairs. Heavier than Mom's.

Vicky never uses the stairs, always flying. And Amy, the beanstalk that she is, has slow but light steps.

"Crap!" I hiss and jump up, causing Missy to stumble back in surprise.

"What- mrrmmph!" I cover Missy's mouth with my hands as I push her back towards my closet.

"No time!" I hiss and push her into my closet and close the door. Just in time for Dad to knock.

"Kitsu, I'd like to talk to you." He says through the door.

Running over, I face plant on my bed. Just like I was before.

"Mmmrrrmm!" I shout into my pillow.

"I'm going to assume that's a yes." He says and waits two seconds before opening the door. "Hey kiddo."

"Mrm." I huff out, muffled by my pillow.

"Sounds about right." He says as he walks in, closing the door behind him.

I feel a bead of nervous sweat form on my forehead. My heart thudding as I realize all it takes is Missy sneezing and I'm in even more trouble.

I feel the weight on my bed shift as he sits near me. Putting a hand on the back of my head, prompting me to shift my head and move his hand to the top of my head.

"Heard what happened." He says.

"Myeh." I mutter as he rubs my head.

"Hmph." He chuckles before adding under his breath. "I've heard that before. I just, wanted to make sure you're feeling alright. Make sure, you know we aren't mad at you."

"Is this the classic you're just disappointed talk?" I ask, causing him to stop scratching my head.

Curious, I push up on my hands and look back to him.

"Is, is that not what this is?" I ask.

"Did you, hear us downstairs?" He asks, concern written all over his face.

I heard them talking. But didn't pay attention to any of it. First because I was busy venting into my pillow, then Missy showed up.

"Not really." I say. "Why?"

"Don't worry about it then." He says evasively. "Just, we want you to know that running off and… taking care of things on your own like you did. You can't do that."

"Why not?" I ask, genuinely not understanding why outside of precedence. "It's what I've been doing for years."

"Yeah, well you didn't have us for those years." He points out.

"Half of you were the reason." I counter.

He sighs and stands up. Shaking his head slightly as he heads for the door.

"I mean, you never had people who love and care for you like we do." He says as he opens the door. Looking back to me, he smirks. "I'm sure Vista can explain it better than me." He nods at my closet.

"Hm!" Missy squeaks from inside.

"Um, I don't-" I try to think of something plausible. Prepared to enhance my perception to think faster.

"Your window is open, I heard you close your closet and I heard two set of footsteps on the way up." He says with grin and a wink. "Don't worry, I won't tell your mother."

He closes the door, leaving me with a mix of embarrassment from, many things. As Missy slowly peers out from behind my closet door. Face almost as red as mine.

"So, um." She says softly. "I uh, think I should go."

"Probably." I nod.

.

.

-Medhall General Hospital, Tuesday, October 5th, 5:12pm-

.

.

Taylor Hebert POV

.

"So, on the bright side it looks like you'll be able to make up school credits with some after school classes." I tell Emma.

…

"Oh! Maddie got a boyfriend!" I tell her excitedly. "You'll never guess who it is. It's Mason, that solitary guy? Big, buff, shaved head?"

…

"Remember how we talked about whether or not he was doing roids?" I bring up the conversation from a while back where we thought he was getting too buff too fast. "Well according to Maddie, there's no way he is. Not with he's, yeah." I blush thinking about the cat girl's, description of the jock. "You'll have to ask her yourself. And you'll have a lot to talk about, because they've been together for at least a month."

She'd actually been keeping it a secret. For, whatever reason.

…

"I hope you wake up soon Em." I sigh.

Panacea hasn't been to the hospital in days. And she only takes on critical patients anymore. Besides, I hear she can't heal brains.

But, if she could just stop by! Maybe I could just, commandeer some of her power? Figure out what's wrong. Point the doctors in the right direction.

"Taylor?" I look over to the door and see Emma's older sister, Anne.

"Oh, hey Anne." I wave.

She looks horrible. Bags under her eyes from sleepless nights, hair barely brushed. The stress of everything getting to her. She's staying at me and my dad's place. My dad extending an invitation to her so she has a place to stay while things work themselves out. Her dad and mom had a killer life insurance policy, so she says she's fine financially. Just has more on her plate with handling the finances, keeping Emma in the hospital, and still going to school. On top of, well, losing her parents and house. She also has to plan the funeral.

Dad offered to help but, I don't think she trusts him all too much. Which is fair, she just lost her parents and came into a lot of money and also has a comatose sister to look after. Plus, it's not like she knows my dad all too well. In her position, I doubt I'd even take the offer of housing.

"Still here?" She asks with a strained smile.

"Yeah, I…" I look from her to Emma. "I, I can go if you want."

"No, no. It's fine." She says with a placating smile as she walks into the room.

"Honestly I should get some fresh air and head home." I say as I get up and grab my bag.

"Alright, um, your dad is here if you need a ride." She says, making me pause.

"What's he doing here?" I ask with a raised brow.

"Oh, um, he caught me on the way out of the door and offered a ride." She explains. "He's uh, I think he feels a little, well guilt isn't the word. I guess it's pity? Yeah, something like that."

That's, a bit weird. But then again, dad's changed a lot since the docks got back up and running. So, I really don't know what he's like anymore.

"Alright well, I'd rather not." I say as I walk past her. "Got my bus pass and all, rather put it to use."

I don't stick around to hear what she says. Instead choosing to just leave, not wanting to share in the misery as it were. I just… I'd rather not.

Leaving the hospital, I step outside to the crisp October air. Taking a deep breath, feeling the chill air course through my nose. I turn towards the bus stop, taking a seat on the green metal bench. Before wincing and standing up immediately as I look down.

"Damnit." I curse under my breath as I see the wet surface, slick from the rain we've been getting.

And no doubt on my pants now.

"Pfft, been there." I hear and look over to see a frizzy brown haired man in a white button up shirt, tucked into his jeans. Smoking a cigarette. "Haven't sat on a public bench in more than a decade, still remember it."

"Um." I look around suspiciously. Not really trusting people who just, talk to people they've never met before.

"Just making idle chatter, hon." He gives me a disarming smile, before taking a huff. "Just waiting on the bus."

"Um, sure." I say, but stand at the other end of the stop nonetheless.

"Damn, city's gotten that bad?" He asks, letting out a puff of smoke. "If it makes you feel better, I'm not really in a position to do anything. Even if I wanted to."

He lifts the side of his shirt, and shows off a freshly bandaged stab wound. Or gunshot wound. I don't know, it's bandaged.

"Um, that looks fresh." I comment, now a bit worried for him.

"Not even a full day." He says and tucks his shirt back in.

"Shouldn't you, not be out here?" I ask nervously. "I mean." I look to the hospital.

"No insurance." He says and flicks his cigarette butt, landing it perfectly in the cigarette tray on the trashcan.

"Ah." I nod in understanding.

He's ditching before they can give him the bill. It's, not the worst thing I've seen. Besides, not really my business.

"Not worried they'll find you?" I ask, referring to collection agencies.

"They will." He shrugs with an easy smile. "But, let's just say I'm pretty good at dodging lawyers."

The way he smiles makes me think there's an inside joke. One I don't care to understand.

"Welp, this is my ride." He says as the number 8 bus comes up. "Later kid."

That's the bus that runs to the east. Stopping off at the suburbs.

He gets onto the bus. The doors closing behind the weird man, and a minute later the bus takes off with a hiss.

I'll never understand how some people can just talk to strangers.

Beeerrrn!

I flinch as I hear the alarms in the hospital go off.

.

.

-Ferry Station South, Wednesday, October 6th, 7am-

.

.

Jenny POV

.

"In other news, yesterday at about six o'clock Medhall General Hospital was attacked!" The man says.

"Again?" The woman asks.

"Yes, though it's nothing like the last attack." The man turns from the woman and faces the camera. "No this time it was the Undersiders of all groups that attacked the hospital."

"The group of teen super thieves?" The woman asks again. "What could they want from a hospital of all places?"

"Drugs?" Pinky offers.

"They said it wasn't like the last attack." Gully answers.

"Shush shush." I wave my hand.

Turns out knowing about what's going on is a major prop when patrolling and just doing hero stuffs. So the news is part of our daily thing.

Except for Ben and Fire. Ben still lives with his parents and Fire…

Well there's a reason none of us are going upstairs. And it involves Crystal.

"A person." The man says with a shocked look. "One, Reiko Yanagi."

"Who?" The woman asks.

"A runaway from several months back." The man says. "She's been labeled as missing and presumed deceased. And not only that, another girl by the name of Taylor Hebert was captured, daughter of the dockworkers association's spokesman, Daniel Hebert."

"Holy crud!" I say as I lean forward.

"Isn't that the girl who's dad, employs everyone at the ferry?" Pinky asks.

"It is." Gully says seriously.

"Wow, do we have word on the ground?" The woman asks.

"Yes, her father, Haruto Yanagi is on the scene right now." He says, and the video transfers to a disheveled looking Asian man.

.

.

-Yesterday, Undersiders Hideout, 8pm-

.

.

Lisa "Tattletale" Wilbourne POV

.

Laying Reiko down on the couch, we prepare for the final plan we have. Or at least, before we start asking our new backer for help.

"And you're sure this will wake her up?" Alec asks.

Alec is-

Stop it.

"Yes, or at least, if it doesn't then she's brain dead." I shrug.

We couldn't leave her in the hospital. Legally, her father still has custody. And, well, he's the reason she triggered. So we couldn't allow him to get his grubby hands, or any other parts, on her.

"Well, that's comforting." DJ rolls his eyes.

DJ is using humor to deflect his stress. DJ fears Regent, DJ believes Regent might master him-

Interesting. But not important right now.

"Hey." Brian puts a hand on Alec's shoulder. "This will work."

Brian has hope, Brian is cautiously optimistic.

"Alright." Alec takes a breath, and stares down at Reiko.

Alec is connecting, Alec is struggling due to nerves. DJ is uncertain and nervous. DJ is prepared to flee to avoid Regent. Brian is nervous.

I look to DJ and notice he has his hand on his IPod. Ready to blast some rock and bolt out of here.

Reiko shoots up on the couch. Eyes wide and unfocused.

"Okay, now stand her up and move her to the kitchen, and let go." I tell him.

Alec doesn't say anything as he follows Reiko to the kitchen.

Alec is concerned. Alec is prepared to catch Reiko should she fall. Alec is-

Don't care! What's the odds of this working?

Extreme stimuli may stimulate the amygdala and force consciousness.

Odds?

Moderate.

Good enough I suppose.

Better than the plan of kidnapping Kitsu or Panacea. Inviting the wrath of the local nuke? No thanks! One run in with her was more than enough for my LIFE.

She gave me constant arousal disorder because I tried to withhold info. I kidnap her or her adopted sister? She might turn me into a guy. Or fuck, she might turn me into a furry!

…

No contradiction?

More data needed.

That's what I thought.

"Okay, here goes nothing." Alec takes a breath.

Nothing happens for a few seconds. Not even my power hints at anything for a bit. Before Reiko turns towards Alec and tackles him onto the floor.

"I knew you'd come for me!" She cries out.

"Thank god." Brian sighs under his breath.

"I need a drink." DJ sighs and starts to head towards his room.

Brian is relieved, DJ is relieved, DJ has anxiety. DJ does not intend to drink. DJ intends to doom scroll on his phone. Reiko is relieved. Reiko believed Alec would save her. Reiko wanted Alec to save her. Reiko's affection and codependence on Alec is reinforced and has worsened.

'Of course it has.' I roll my eyes and suppress a groan.

"Alright, now." Brian raises his voice, gaining our attention.

Reiko looks up, notices us, and jumps up. Keeping her eyes to the floor as she pretends she isn't blushing.

Reiko is-

Don't care moving on!

Alec gets up and dusts his shirt off. Turning to us with a bored, apathetic expression. Though, I do spy a slight blush forming.

Alec is-

Again don't care right now! I have eyes.

Lisa is projecting annoyance-

Stop.

This is why most people with powers, don't like having powers.

"What are we going to do about the other girl?" Brian asks.

'Oh, right.' I think to myself. 'I, kind of forgot about her.'

We only took her as a way to get the cops to back off a bit. We weren't going to actually do anything.

Lisa is tired. Lisa needs a nap.

…

I hate that you're right.

"First things first, we gotta figure out who she is." I say as I give the three a winning smile.

"I say we just knock her out and drop her off in a random alley." Regent shrugs. "Out of sight, out of mind."

"That's if she's a nobody." I raise a finger in objection. "If she's someone, then we can't just let her go. One, depending on connections she might have we could easily be discovered. Two, if she's someone wealthy."

"You wanna ransom her." Brian says.

"Bingo! And that's why you're the leader." I snap my fingers and point to him. "I'm a genius and you recognize it."

So long as we avoid New Wave and Vista. We'll have no issues in this city.

And the best part? New boss is way chiller. Smarter too.

.

.

-Meanwhile, Pelham House-

.

.

Neil "Manpower" Pelham POV

.

'I'm, I'm ruined.' I realize as I stare at the mountain of court orders.

Lawsuits, court orders, charges on terrorism!

"Dad?" I look up to see my son. My boy, the one I sacrificed thousands for. "You alright?"

"Yeah, yeah I'm just." I say as I look back to the fifty letters. "I've got a lot on my plate."

I sort through them further. Sorting them into hate mail, lawsuits, and court orders.

"Dad." Eric says again, though this time, much more subdued. "I-is it true? Did you-"

"No I didn't." I cut him off and go back to the papers. "But if I did, I'd do it again if it meant saving you."

I continue to sort. Thinking about how I'm possibly going to get through this.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

-Dallon house, Vicky's room-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

We're all doing each other's makeup. Well, it's mostly me and Vicky. Amy's just kinda, here. Laying on Vicky's bed as she scrolls through her phone.

"Yeah, orange just isn't your color." Vicky says as she puts the cap back on the eyeshadow stick.

She's right, it might make my eyes pop, but with my strawberry blonde hair. It makes my face look flat.

"Darn." I sigh as I lean forward and rest my head on the vanity. "Guess we stick with the coppers and berries."

"What's the difference?" Amy asks as she looks up from her phone.

"Coppers are more earthy and metallic." Vicky says. "They add depth and make her eyes pop without blending into her hair and making her face flat. Berries make her just pop in general. But they're meant to draw attention so not everyone can pull it off."

"I pull off raspberry rather well if I do say so myself." I wiggle my ears proudly.

"Again, what's the difference?" Amy asks.

"You know what?" Vicky says as she steps away from the vanity. "Ames, it's about time you learn how to be an actual girl."

"And what the hell is that supposed to mean?!" Amy asks with a wide eyed, fearful look. As well as a heavy blush.

"You're going to sit your skinny butt in this stool and we're teaching you makeup." Vicky says as she pulls the girl off the bed.

"Oh we are so doing this!" I hop up excitedly. Bouncing on my heels in anticipation.

"We are so not!" Amy struggles against the brute.

"Oh don't be like that!" Vicky grins as she sits Amy down. "Keets! Hand me the green."

"I think purple would be better." I say and hand her the purple.

"We want her hot, not slutty." Vicky puts it back on the vanity.

"I think she can pull it off." I defend, grabbing the eyeshadow and handing it back to her.

"Next you'll be saying she needs green lipstick." Vicky accuses.

"I take offense to that!" I scoff. "Pale skin, freckles, brown hair and eyes? She needs a red with a blue base."

"She! Is right here and doesn't need anything!" Amy announces, looking for all the world ready to overheat and melt under our attention.

"You need all the things." I lean forward and glomp a hug unto her and squeeze. Before noticing something, or rather two somethings as the top of her loose tee shirt doesn't pull back with the hug. "Hold up, what's this?"

I pull the back of her tee shirt, exposing the size of her chest. Which is a bit bigger than last I recall seeing. Which admittedly was several months ago.

"Holy crap Ames!" Vicky grins like a fox. "When'd you go up two cups!"

"I think it's all the chips and not staying at the hospital for weeks at a time." I tease the newly revealed curvier girl.

"None of your business!" She slaps my hand away and covers her chest.

"As your sister, wingman, best friend and advisor on all things you should care about." Vicky says as she puts her hands on Amy's shoulders and looks her in the eye through the mirror. "I feel like this is a development I should've been made aware of. I have, so much more I can work with now!"

"W-what is that supposed to mean?" Amy stutters.

Vicky just grins.

.

.

-1 hour later-

.

.

"Oh this is going all over PHO." I say as I take pictures.

"I hate both of you." Amy mutters with a massive blush.

She's in a set of Vicky's clothes. A sky blue tee shirt, light blue skinny jeans. And her makeup now makes her eyes look soft and sleepy, as opposed to tired and stressed.

She's actually a mid C cup now. And her hips don't lie! Not the hourglass model that Vicky is, she's welcome for that, but she went from cute girl next door. To the girl next door with a bit of clean up.

"Too late!" I say as I post the pics to my account with a tag line.

(PanPan's new look! Plz rate! And guys, back off. Girls, share your numbers. ;))

I attach her PHO handle to the pic.

"Oh my god!" She whines into her hands.

"My god is right!" Vicky says as she saddles up next to Amy and shows her, her phone. "Look at this! Dayum!, New Girl on the block look!, or this one. I'd break my own legs to get an appointment!"

Amy is quiet for a bit. Before her phone on the vanity starts buzzing. Gaining our attention as she goes over to check it.

Running up behind her, I jump up on the stool to look over her shoulder and see-

Whoa!

Amy is scrolling through her DMs. Five girls sent her their number and a pic of themselves. And let me tell you, boy. Amy is pulling.

She clicks on, of course, the blonde. A blonde haired girl with brown eyes, blowing a kiss at the camera.

"Do uh." Amy looks up with shifty eyes. "Have, any more fashion advice?"

"You're such a hopeless lesbian." I grin mischievously at the introvert. Before she retaliates.

Bap!

"Ah!" I cover my head.

.

.

A/N

.

Vicky out here taking full advantage of having biokinetics in the family.

Be honest, you'd do it too.

.

The Undersiders waited for a time when Panacea and Kitsu wouldn't be at the hospital. For, obvious reasons. Also, remember that there were three people in the shipping containers. Reiko was the third.

Kitsu put her back together, but was far less concerned with waking her up.

Amy and Mark, Kitsu was just waiting for the doctors to confirm she didn't mess anything up before fixing whatever was keeping them asleep. Not wanting them to wake up in agony should they have something wrong.

.

Amy out here, taking the first steps into getting over Vicky. With Vicky's help.

.

Ask questions!

For Kitsu!

For NEWB!

.

.

Don't forget to comment!
Plz leave comments? They do a number for my motivation and self esteem.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, Alduinian and 115 others
Newb to the game
Feb 17, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 83 Happenings New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,005
A/N Happenings

Alt title: Vacuum sealed

.

.

Bradlysteak: just because Kitsu is attached and loves her family. Doesn't mean she's okay with losing all of her stuff.

RadChaos897: I got Writer's block on this, so it's not much slice of life. BUT THE NEXT ONE WILL BE! Promise!

I've been watching a lot of To Catch A Predator lately, and your comment just made me think of Chris Hansen walking in after Kitsu.

Nice Shrek reference.

The think with Neil is, he's facing charges of domestic terrorism. And the law only allows for duress to be used up to the loss of life.

Example

You rob a bank because you're being blackmailed. You have a case to not be liable for the crime.

You kill someone in order to keep a killer from killing your mother. Nope! Some died. You committed murder. At best it's second degree.

Coil got picked up by Cauldron. And then he bombed his base to hide the evidence.

And I'll have more slice of life once my seasonal affect disorder subsides.

GideonBlackthorn: their will be more in the future!

Grimnosh: Speaking as a former 13 year old. They are 100% old enough to do something. Hell, my older sister got caught doing stuff with her boyfriend when they were 11. But that's not the focus here.

Mark knew there wasn't enough time for them to do anything. And trusts Kitsu not to try anything now that he knows Missy is there, and she knows she's not supposed to have her over. He also knows that, while for him. He was doing dishes one moment, and woke up with a stomachache the next. For Kitsu, she was losing her mind trying to get him, Amy and Missy back.

Mark wouldn't suggest a vacation right now. Not with the Neil stuff going on.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Undersider's hideout, Tuesday, October 6th, 7:30am-

.

.

Taylor Hebert POV

.

'Okay, think Taylor.' I tell myself as I look around the dark room I've been stuffed into. 'There's gotta be something!'

I'm knelt down on the hardwood floor. My hands cuffed behind my back while I try something, anything.

I can feel a small tether, like the tingly feeling you get when you touch one of those electro spheres. You know the tesla things that make your hair stand up? I feel a few of those coming from outside the room and below me.

"Hrm, rm!" I try and wiggle out of the cuffs they stuck on me. "Ugh! This looks so much easier in movies!"

It's around now that I notice the staticky feelings start moving. Or rather, moving closer to me. Rising up to my level and heading my way. And now I can hear the soft footsteps of someone approaching.

"Hey hey hey!" A preppy blonde in a skintight black suit leans over from behind the door and waves. "How's our favorite forcefully invited guest?"

I look to the left and right of myself. Not sure what I'm suppose to say here.

"Not sure what to say?" She smirks confidently as she opens the door and leans on the doorway. Crossing her arms over her chest as she does. "That's fine. Because lucky for you, all you need to say is what I tell you to say. Got it?"

"Uuuh-"

"Perfect!" She claps her hands, and I instinctively latch onto the fuzz I feel coming from her.

She's either interrogating me. Or is planning to have me send a message. But why?

"Now then tell me, what's your name?" She asks as she saunters closer in a way that makes me think of a fem fatale from a bond movie.

She needs my name so she likely wants to build a friendly relationship. Perhaps to induce stockholme syndrome? But for what purpose?

"Taylor." I say slowly.

"Rather bland name huh?" She says as she leans over and gets mere inches away from my face. "Does it tie into your last name oorr?" She trails off.

She's prodding. Trying to get my last name without actually asking and have me figuring out what she wants. But why does she want my name? Forge it on documents and open pyramid schemes in my name? Not likely.

"Why do you want to know?" I ask curiously.

"Well~" She bobs her head from side to side. "Seeing as your name may or may not determine how long you stay with us. I'd like to know." She whispers the last bit.

Ransom. High profile indicates high ransom. If she realizes I'm a nobody, she might "dispose" of me to cover her tracks.

'I can reveal my power!' I think to myself. 'Invoke the unwritten rules and how this is a major violation. Get her to let me- I'M NOT A CAPE YET! It doesn't apply to me! Fuck! Think!'

"You know, I'm curious." I speak as I try to think of a way to steer this towards me cutting them a deal without just saying it. "How much does this job pay?" My voice cracks at the end.

…

You will die a virgin.

…

"Really?" She gives a small chuckle. Then sighs and stands up. "Alright, look here bestie. I can ask again, or I can let my teammates ask. Can you guess which one?"

She's playing good cop to potentially three other bad cops!

What are the odds Firebreather breaks into the room and rescues me?

… Not likely.

"Hebert." I try to think quickly for a follow up. "Now, I may not come from a rich family but I have something you-"

"Grue!" She suddenly shouts and power walks out of the room. Slamming the door behind her.

"-might, like to… know." I trail off as the little tether on her thins and stretches to the point I can feel the little power I got just, vanish.

.

.

-Ferry Station South, Wednesday, October 6th, 9am-

.

.

"Um, is this really-"

"Out." Regent waves his hand and my leg gives a jerk, throwing me out the back of the van.

"Ah!" I hit my butt on the bumper and bounce off onto the hard ground. Much to my humiliation as people stare and record me.

"Just remember!" Tattletale says as she grabs the doors. "We were nice and gave you back with no issue!" She slams the doors and the van speeds off shortly after. Leaving me on the boardwalk, right in front of the main ferry station.

…

I get up and dust off my pants, and hurry inside the building to find a phone to call my dad. Hoping that if I just act like nothing happened, I can get out of here sooner.

.

.

-Dallon House, Thursday, October 7th, 7am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Knock knock

"Nien!" I call out from the my bed while my head dangles over the edge. Kicking my feet on the comforter. Staring at the floor in utter boredom.

I would normally watch TV, play games, go outside, dress up and take pics, take a weird quiz to find out which power ranger I am. You know, normal stuffs. But I severely underestimated the extent of my grounding.

Unless it was for networking and setting up streams. Computer was on a parental lock and my phone is confiscated unless I'm out of the house. Any argument otherwise was, less than successful.

What if we get attacked? I asked.

If there's someone capable of taking you out before you can make a scene or run away? Then what use would a phone be? She argued.

And I had nothing to say. I'd have to argue my own awesomeness after all!

So, I agreed to disagree. And am now, the bored as fuck.

"I'm coming in!" I hear dad say. "Are you dressed?"

"Unlike some people, yes!" I call back.

I hear the door open as the hallway light floods into the room.

"Alright Kiddo." Dad says as he walks out into the room and grabs me by my sides.

I let out a growl as he picks me up. Like the kind cats let out when upset. As in I literally use my powers to make that sound.

"Yeah yeah." Dad says as he holds me under his arm.

"Blegh." I exclaim as he holds me like a basketball. His arm on my stomach as I lay limp. "Abduction, help, this man is manhandling and foxnapping a napping fox in his man hands." I say in a flat tone.

"Sorry sweetheart, but under orders of the matron, you are to help with all the chores in the house." He says as we make our way downstairs.

"What chores need done now?" I ask tiredly. "I'm in my sleep clothes, and it's seven in the A M!"

"Vicky and Amy are already up." Dad says as we turn into the kitchen, where said teens are grabbing their bookbags and heading out. And I get set down on the floor. "Alright, I'll start on cleaning the table while you do the dishes."

"Counter offer!" I raise a finger. "You do the dishes, and I'll clean off the table?"

"Nope!" He chuckles and starts cleaning off the table.

"Alright, heading out. Love ya dad!" Vicky says as she floats up and gives Dad a quick kiss on the cheek before floating over and grabbing Amy's hand and dragging her out the door. "Make sure you get your money's worth with the fox!" Vicky announces as she flies out of the door.

I grumble as I push a chair over to the sink. Still being a miniscule four foot two inches. I grew two inches over the summer. So that's something! But statistically, the average age for a girl's final growth spurt is sixteen. I have three years and the odds are not in my favor. Missy is a week younger than me, and she's half a head taller!

Is bull!

"hrmmammrm, washing dishes." I grumble to myself as I scrub the bowls.

They gave me the one job I can't cheat out of and just speed through. If I did that then water would get everywhere. And then I'd have another thing to do.

It's not that I don't like doing chores. I just dislike being told to do them.

"Alright Kiddo, while you finish those I'll take your mother to her therapy session." Dad says as he sets the rag he was using down behind the sink faucet, reaching over me to let it fall with a wet plop.

"Yeah yeah, I'll try not to blow up the house while you're gone." I shoo him away.

"See… when you say that." He starts to say, and I slap the sink water. Splashing water everywhere as I superspeed away. Letting him take the splash back, before I speed back over and act like nothing ever happened.

He's silent as I let the water run. Washing dishes and setting them in the strainer to dry as he-

"What the heck!?" I scream out as I turn around and hold my tail.

This, this, cretin was using it to dry his face! The absolute brute! The cad, deviant, other derogatory terms that won't necessarily get him canceled on PHO!

"How, dare you!" I gasp at him. "Do you have, any idea how long I spend in the shower cleaning this to a perfect shine? And for you to rub your grubby face in it! The bible has words to describe people like you."

"Don't dish it out if you can't take it." He laughs as he leaves to go get Mom.

…

This… means… war.

…

After I come home from school.

I only have one class, social studies. Because I tested out of everything else and decided school was for losers who want useless things like degrees and credentials.

I don't need a degree. I'm cute!

.

.

-East Slums, Drug Den, 10am-

.

.

Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane Pov

.

"Fucking hell." I curse as I kick an unconscious kid out of my way, passing the high and inebriated imbeciles as I make my way to the back of the house. What at one time might have been a standard home for the time, has since degraded since its construction. Nicotine stains on the ceiling and cracked drywall exposing the frame. Stained and ruined brown carpeting that, might not have been brown originally.

I make it to the interior of the house, what once would've been a living room. Only to have a large black man block my way in front of the door.

"Hold it twinkie." He holds a hand out. "Only those with an appointment get to see-"

I let a syringe slide out of my hand as I step forward and stab it into his gut. Catching the man off guard as his body freezes. The fast acting venom leaving him speechless as he falls over and starts convulsing while I pocket the syringe and go through the door.

Entering the brown carpeted, dilapidated room, I spot the bandaged, white haired form of one of my only remaining lieutenants. His left arm and chest being covered in white gauze as he lays sprawled out on the couch. A coffee table containing stacks of cash and bricks of coke before him, with a woman on her knees between his legs as his head lolls back against the back of the musty green couch.

"Really, Snowflame?" I grimace at the display.

"Huh?" He peers over and sees me. "Boss, that you? Fuck have you been?"

'He's on a crash.' I realize and curse my luck.

"Running around the city." I say as I look around the room for something, anything to sit down on that won't give me a disease. "In case you hadn't noticed, I had a bit of an issue with the roaming band of maniacs."

"Oh yeah?" He sighs and lets his head fall back as he puts a hand to the woman's head and groans. "Me, me too. Ugh, had uh, had a run in with the big lizard."

He holds the woman's head in place as he groans. Causing me to cringe at the scene before me as she audibly, anyway.

"What's the situation?" I get to the point.

"Ugh, with what?" He asks.

"Our operations, what else?" I glare at him as the girl gets up and wipes her mouth, turning away as he zips up his pants.

"Well, if you're talking about our territories. Then we got the slums, the trainyard and midway locked down. The market is a bit contentious with the Teeth in town. And the boat graveyard is a bit, eh. Lotsa PRT there, you'd need to talk to Mush."

"And the men." I ask as he leans forward and picks up a box cutter.

"Not gonna lie boss." He sighs as he breaks off a bit of a brick in front of him. "Competition's bad for business. Before, the guys had nowhere to go. You got the letter people who got dicks so far up their asses it's like a gay human centipede up there. The Asian fuck boys who'd sooner shoot a man than help if he wasn't Asian, the literal Nazi's. Now? The Nazi's are gutted and down to a fourth of what they were, the Asians have been quiet, the Teeth are running amok and inviting whoever wants to pillage and pilfer. Oh, and the Travelers are in town doing their own shit. And no one dares touch New Wave territory after what happened to Stormfront and then Shatterbird."

'A literal bloody mess that was.' I think to myself as I click my tongue and stare off to the side. Trying to think of something.

We're down to three capes. Me, Mush and Snowflame. And no way to gain more unless we decide to get drastic and go back to Skidmark's methods.

Well, that and Carnage is apparently out and about again.

"Aw fuck yeah!" Snowflame exclaims as he shoots up from the couch. "Woo! Fuck! That's what I needed!" He flexes his arms and looks the ceiling with a grin.

I roll my eyes as I go back to address the man, even as he grabs the girl from before and bends her over the table.

"Try and find some fresh blood." I tell him as he pulls the girl's pants down while she starts snorting from the coffee table. "Start pushing in Winslow again if you have to."

"I can help with that!" The girl says as she comes up from a line of coke. "The girls on, track, oh fuck baby! They'd love this shit!"

I go to say something, before the line registers in my head. And I decide I'm done here.

"Just get it done." I say as I head out, and nearly trip over the man I killed just outside the door. And I hold back a headache as I look down.

He's missing his clothes.

.

.

-Arcadia High, Monday, October 11th, 11:30am-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"I mean it, you look good." I tell Amy as we walk to lunch.

"Yeah well, it just feels like a bit much." She sighs tiredly. "I mean, why all the damned makeup? And matching color pallets and, ugh."

"Well, look at it this way." I roll my head as I think of how best to put it. "You're attracted to a certain type, now you just have to figure out what that type's, type is, and make yourself that type, I guess? Is this making sense?"

"Not really." Amy says as we walk into the cafeteria. Before quietly mumbling. "But then again, it's people."

"Yeah, people never make sense." I say with a small smile as I think of something other than what she's referring to.

Namely a certain ball of fluff that bounces between being the best thing in my life. And being the most stressful, heart wrenching personal problem I have. I just, I love her and want to kiss her and hold her but, sometimes I want to throw her into a wall. And most of the time it's both at once!

Doesn't help that the only way we can really be together is by sneaking around because she's grounded. Which, it adds this level of wrongness that makes it more special. Is that bad?

"I hear you have a date later this week." I distract myself as we step through the doors to the noisy cafeteria.

After not hearing her respond, I look to her curiously. And see the healer crossing her arms and looking away from me with a massive blush on her face.

"Nervous?" I ask with a smile. "That's okay, I was pretty nervous when I asked, well you know." I have to stop myself from saying Kitsu's name in public. At least when it comes to dating.

"Okay that's a load of horseshit." Amy scoffs as we head for the line.

"And what's that supposed to mean?" I ask with a glare.

"Didn't you trick yourself into confessing at a sleepover." Amy points out, forcing a massive blush to my face. "A sleepover you used to see if she'd be into you?"

"Yeah well, it was still hard!" I defend myself.

"You thought she was asleep." Amy points out.

"Are you trying to make me upset?" I ask the girl as I get my mashed potatoes and green beans. "And besides that, shouldn't you be less upset because she asked you out? Boom! All the problems I had, you already have solved."

"Which makes you unqualified to give me advice." Amy points out.

"Wha-I-how, rmmm." I grumble as we head for our usual table. Sat with the other Wards and Vicky's friends. Minus Vergil.

After Vergil's umpteenth outburst, it was decided it was best to send him back to Dakota. The original reason he was here is gone, dead. And with Stormfront dead and her human trafficking ring falling apart, Vergil could safely move out of the city without the need for a PRT escort.

A shame too. He was cool when he first showed up. Then Kitsu killed Permafrost to stop the mini ice age that nearly wrecked the bay. Heck, the ice from that stuck around so long, this last summer was the coldest on the books in recent decades. Even with Fire's daily trips to the iceberg to melt it.

I heard a few towns south of us are getting heavier rain for it too.

"Sup new girl!" Vicky says as I sit down next to Amy, who sits next to Vicky. "Long time no see, you avoiding me or something?"

I roll my eyes at Vicky's little nickname for me outside of costume.

"I had a lot on my plate lately." I shrug, not admitting that I was trying not to associate Missy and Vista both with Victoria Dallon. But then I saw Kitsu's post about Amy's new look and the curiosity killed me.

"Sure ya do." Vicky rolls her eyes with a good natured smile. "Anyway, Ames, your date, where and when?"

"I'm not telling you where I'm going." Amy says with more than a little bit of irritation. "I don't need you wingmanning me Vicks."

"Amy, as your sister it's my job to make sure you're happy. Unless you piss me off, then you get your tampons dipped in hot sauce."

"Pfft!" Dennis nearly spits out his food into Chris's face.

"Dude!" Chris exclaims as he flinches back to keep away from the spittle as I feel my face burn in second hand embarrassment.

"Oh my god Vicky." One of Vicky's friends says as she takes her trays and gets up.

"Oh grow a pair." Vicky scoffs before turning back to Amy as Dennis nearly dies. "Besides, admit it, you could use the help of someone more experienced."

"You know what Vicky?" Amy looks to her sister. "I'd take dating advice from Kitsu, before I let you shadow my date."

Vicky goes quiet as she slowly turns to Amy. Wide eyed and disbelieving as she lowers her chin.

"Amy, I love you, so I'll give you one chance to take that back." Vicky says seriously.

Amy just smirks and goes back to her food. Humming an unknown tune with a self satisfied grin as she eats her green beans.

"Okay, I see how this is." Vicky nods to herself. Looking over to Chris. "Hey nerd boy."

This feels so weird. I'm not used to talking to them outside of costume. What are all we supposed to discuss? Can't talk about work. Can't talk about relationships, or, I can't. Hobbies?

'Wait, do I have hobbies?' I ask myself. 'Does watching crime documentaries count?'

I'm pretty sure it doesn't.

"I think she's talking to you." Chris nods to Dennis.

"No, if she was then she'd be saying 'Hey funny man.' You know, my defining feature." Dennis smirks back at him.

I can't really say anything because I don't know them outside of patrol. And technically I don't know them. So it'd be suspicious if I, Missy, suddenly knew all about these people I just met.

"If we're going by defining features then you'd be ken doll." Amy says between bites of her food.

I flinch as the table shakes from a loud bang. My head snapping to Dean who is covering his mouth, eyes clenched and hand over his mouth as he leans on the table. Trying not to laugh.

"Damn." Vicky says under her breath. "Ames, you killed him."

"I don't get it." I speak up, trying to figure out what everyone is laughing about.

"Seriously?" One of Vicky's friends asks, leaning over to give me a raised brow.

Shrugging in response, she gives a scoff before returning a nervous smile to me.

"Ken, Ken, like as in Barbie's boyfriend?" She prods.

"I don't know who that is." I stress.

"You never played with Barbie dolls as a kid?" Vicky butts in and asks.

"Did you?" I ask in return.

"Well, no, not really." She concedes. "But I still know about them."

"Eh, just google the joke later." Chris mumbles as he takes another bite of his food.

"Hey guys!" Carlos comes in and places his tray down next to Dennis and right across from me. "Sorry I'm late, had to run to my locker and turn in my trig homework before my teacher left." He then looks to me and smiles. "Hey… you, you're from… from-"

"She's new." Vicky saves him.

"Oh thank goodness." He sighs, playing up the part rather well. "For a moment I thought we met and I just forgot."

"Don't lie." Dennis gives him a light shove. "You don't know nearly enough girls to forget meeting one."

"Says the only guy here to not have a girlfriend, ever." Carlos says with a flat smile as he pans his head over to Dennis.

"Hey Chris, Carl's talking to you." Dennis wastes no time turning to the second youngest here.

This feels so weird.

.

.

-Dallon House, 2pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Checking through my set up. Making sure the camera is on and clean. Microphone is connected. And my stream is just waiting to start.

Clicking into a separate tab, I check on my fellow streamer. Her name is Blossom, but her real name is Alicia King. She's actually that girl from the hospital after the whole Case 53 bomb. The one that Uncle Neil allegedly set off.

(U ready?) – K

(Yeah, just set my mic up and got the camera settled. U?) – B

(I forgot, r we using ur channel or mine?) – K

(Both, we stream using hubline. Lets us split screen our collab and stream together) – B

(Who starts us off?) – K

(Doesn't matter 2 me) – B

Looking through the program's, UI? I have no clue what I'm looking at. And looking through the interface legend, I let out a sigh as I realize I should've gone through this beforehand.

(I don't know how to use this program so u start) – K

(K) – B

Blossom's screen pops up on my monitor. Revealing a green skinned girl with yellow eyes and leafy green hair adorned with purple flowers. Set in a bedroom with grow lights. While she starts to address the viewers, I minimize the vid stream while I sort through the program's legend.

Giving a quick glance to my streams own metrics.

(Strength: Good)

East coast wifi baby!

(45,892 viewers)

Pretty low, but then again I took a two week break to deal with the nine. And my consistency is trashed. So I'm probably going to see my starting viewers level in the five digits for a while.

After feeling like I got most of the program memorized. Or at least the important parts. I message Blossom.

(Ok ready) – K

"And now I have a special surprise for you my little bees!" Blossom gives a little giggle at her own joke. "Today we're being visited by a notorious little fox."

I take that as my cue to join the stream and start up my stream.

"Boo! How ya doin my-" I stop as I notice my second monitor is still blacked out. The one I use to check in and see what the viewers see. "What?"

"Are you there?" Blossom asks with a grin. "Hello?"

I go back into my DMs and send her a quick message.

(Technical difficulties!) – K

"Hmm?" Blossom hums in question as she checks it out while I try to save my darn dignity!

.

.

-10 minutes later-

.

.

"Ahhh!" I whine as I let my head fall on the desk with a loud clang.

(12,209 Viewers)

I'm a failure!

"Well, it seems we'll just, um, have to schedule our play date for another day." Blossom says and sends me a DM apologizing before disconnecting our streams.

And as soon as she does, mine comes on.

"Huh?" I look up to the second monitor, seeing my own head laying down on the desk. Shooting up, I let my sheer rage be known. "Oh come on! Curse you OBS!"

(Angy fox mode engaged.) A superchat goes off.

"Why is that a thing with you people!?" I groan as I fall back into my chair and take a deep breath. "You're not even spelling it right! Oh forget it, I'll just play some call of duty."

(Strap in for the cookout boys! It's about to be a fox roast)

"What does that even mean!?" I ask as I boot up the game.

.

.

-10 minutes later, Boardwalk-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"Boom! Hahahahaha!" Kitsu laughs as she gets a triple kill with a rocket launcher.

"You fuck'n spanner!" An English sounding voice shouts.

"Aw, is the brit-brat mad I broke a piece of him and chewed it up?" Kitsu taunts.

I must be on one today, because I don't get it. And that makes the third joke I haven't gotten today.

"You think you're safe cuz you're in the states? Yeah?" The English voice starts yelling.

"Dude shut up." A bored voice says. "You're just feeding trolls."

Though he gets ignored, like the other five voices currently going.

"Meet me in Brighton, come to the pier, and I'll beat your fucking tits off!" He yells, and I see Kitsu find him on the map. Right at midway too.

… She blows him up.

"FUUUU-" The mic actually cuts out.

"Uuuhh, I think he peaked his mic." Another guy says.

"-You cheeky cunt!" The English guy continues as I sip my smoothie.

"You cool if I steal a bud?" Kid Win asks as he leans over from the right of the bench and watches my phone.

"You have your own phone." I look over to the Tinker with a glare. Not that he can see it through my visor.

"Yeah, but I left my earbuds at base." He says. "Come on, I just wanna watch the stream."

"Since when do you watch Kitsu's streams?" I ask.

"Since uh, since I was a guest star on her stream." He says sheepishly in a way that makes me think it's an excuse. "Look, can I?"

"No, you don't share earbuds." I say as I go back to my smoothie. "It's gross."

"Tell you what, I'll meet you at the pier. We'll have a nice little party." Kitsu says as she picks up a sniper rifle. "You can bring the tea." She finds the guy again. "And I'll toss it in the water."

She gets a headshot.

"MOTHERFU-" He cuts out again, and I nearly spit up my smoothie as he disconnects.

"What?" Chris asks. "What, come on don't leave me in the dark here!"

I get my breath under control just enough to open my mouth. Before-

Smash!

"Help! Villains!" We hear from down the ways to our right, before music starts being blasted.

"The heck?" Chris jumps up and goes to his forearm and starts typing on the screen that pops up out of the armor. "Okay, called it in. Vista let's go!"

Setting my smoothie down, knowing I'm not likely to get it back, I hop up and warp the roof of a nearby ice cream parlor. Stepping on the roof as Kid Win follows on his now deployed hover board. I scan the area, looking for the source of the rock music. And I spot it from further down the boardwalk as we spot three of the Undersiders flying atop glowing red surfboards.

In the lead being the new guy after Hellhound was arrested and killed herself. TurnTable. A young guy in a tight blue suit with orange stylized hips and shoulder guards with white splatter paint on them, and an orange chest piece that looks like it was stolen from a football player. Same white splash on it. Orange goggles on his head.

Behind him is the infamous Tattletale, highest Thinker in the city. And across from her is Regent.

Which means Poltergeist is probably with Grue on the ground somewhere.

"Vista." I hear Lyra's voice over the comms.

She's on console duty. The idea being if she can't handle that, she can't people during patrol.

"Yeah?" I ask as I see Tattletale make some gestures and wave her arms to the side.

"Orders, wait for backup." She says. "Keep track of them."

'At least she gets to the point.' I think to myself as I reluctantly agree that it's the best course of action.

A Master, Thinker and Trump. And two hidden Shakers is not something a Shaker and a Tinker can deal with.

I watch as TurnTable and the two following him make a banked turn to the left, heading towards the city and avoiding us entirely.

"God damn it." Chris says as he kicks his hover board back into gear and follows after them.

"Kid wait!" I call after him, but he's already speeding off too far for him to really hear me. "Ugh!"

I reach out and warp the air in front of the Undersiders and twist them back towards me, but off course they turn around as soon as they realize what's going on. So, I twist and flip the air in front of where they where going, which was behind them. So, for a brief second or two they hit a pocket of air where gravity is upside down. Forcing them off their boards, and causing them to crash to roofs below. Ragdolling as the boards disperse into nothingness about five buildings away from me.

"Oh crud!" I hiss as I see Tattletale roll and flip over the side of a roof.

'Shitting, fudge monkeys! I'm gonna be in so much trouble of she dies!' I think to myself as I squish the distance between me and them. Making It to the roof they fell on in one step.

"Jeez V." Kid Win says as he gets turned around a few times and manages to coordinate himself enough to approach me from my left. "You might've-"

"Nothing's confirmed!" I cut him off as I run towards the edge of the roof. Passing the two scraped up guys on the roof.

As soon as I look over the ledge,

Zzzt!

"Aaaahh!" I fall back, my muscles burning and sore as I feel a spot on my jaw feel particularly numb.

"Vista!" Kid Win shouts.

"Move bitch! Get out the way!" I hear the song by Ludacris play before a womp sound.

"SHHIIIiiiiit!" Kid Win screams further and further away.

"Whew." Tattletale says above me as she kneels down, the Taser she no doubt just used on me clearly in hand. "I'd say you nearly had us there with the air trick, buuut~… I think we both know I'd be lying."

Ignoring the view of her in a skin tight suit and looking at me with what can only be described as a foxlike grin and mischievous blue eyes.

…

I have a type okay!

I try to get up, only for her to tap the Taser on. Letting me know I should just, not. At least not without a plan.

"Alright, I'm good." Turntable says as rock music starts playing again. And I assume the flying boards are back.

"So what, are you just gonna-"

"Get up and leave before you can stall for back up?" She smirks and then winks. "You know it."

I feel my face burn as she stands up and walks over me.

"We just leaving her there?" Regent asks in a bored voice as I turn over to glare at the smug thieves.

"Do you want to piss off the local fuzzball?" She laughs.

"You know it's-"

"Only a matter of time until we're caught?" She scoffs as she hops on a hovering pink board. "Please, only dumb people get caught. Ciao!" She gives a two fingered salute and sails off.

…

I'm going to be in a lot of crap for this one.

.

.

-Middway, Junior's Hairclips, 8pm-

.

.

John "The Marquis" Lavere POV

.

The ding of the bell above the door chimes as I enter the salon. My shoes tapping on the faded brown and black tiles that were once black and yellow. The mahogany walls, once bright and an honest to god eyesore, have darkened over time to better fit an aesthetic. The black marble counters for the hair stylists, and booths with worn red salon chairs For the customers.

Garish and old fashioned to some. But to me, it's just old. An aged remnant of what once was two decades ago.

An old black man with short white hair looks up from sweeping the floor. A heavy square face resembling a bulldog greets me as he rests his hands on the top of the broom handle and leans on the tool.

"Well now, you ain't one of mine." He nods his head up and looks down at me through a pair of glasses that set low on his nose. "Whatchu want, white boy?"

"Was hoping for a haircut." I shrug as I walk over to the register counter. Noticing the man's muscles twitching as he glares. And I can see the slight bulge on the side of his hip, a gun. "Been a while since I was here."

"Oh yeah?" He asks as he goes back to sweeping, with his hand now closer to his side. "And just how long is, a while?"

"About ten or so years." I sigh. "Closer to nine, but it feels so much longer."

"I see." He nods, keeping me in his peripherals as he sets the broom against the wall.

A silence stretches on as he walks back over to the counter. Posting himself in front of the register as he starts up the newer looking piece of tech.

"It's nice to see the places is pretty much the same." I say as I look around.

"Place is falling apart." He contradicts me. "You gettin' a trim or buzz? I ain't know none of the white styles and you ain't got the hair for dreads."

"Just a trim would be nice." I say with a chuckle.

"Hmm." He hums in thought as he types some things into his register. "Alright, grab a chair."

Doing so, I take a seat at the third chair on the left. The one I always sat in when I was here. Now creased and worn. Yellow padding poking out from the red pleather.

"So, are you the new Junior?" I ask as he throws an apron over me.

He's not the Junior. I knew him personally. Used him to launder drug money through the "legitimate" businesses.

"Name's Demetrius." He says. "Archer Jr. was the brother to open the place."

"What happened to him?" I ask.

"You really ain't been around these parts in a hot minute." He scoffs as we look each other in the mirror. "How you want it?"

"Shorten my bangs, and bring the rest above my shoulders." I tell him and he grabs a comb and spray bottle. "And like I said, ten years."

"Yeah, I got that." He says as he starts straightening my hair out. "Archer dropped out after an OD."

"Really?" I ask in surprise. "Was it coke?"

"Heroin." He says. "Why're you curious?"

"I knew him." I say, noticing the raised brow in the mirror's reflection. "He was a, good employee of mine. I guess you could say I was hoping to rehire him."

"Sure." He says skeptically with squinted eyes as he starts clipping. But doesn't ask further.

"You know, most people wouldn't keep the name of the previous owner on the business." I say, causing him to pause.

"What of it?" He asks with a glare.

"Just curious is all." I shrug, and say nothing more.

"Hmm." He lets out a long, stressed breath while I offer a smile through the mirror's reflection. "Lotta people around here who remember him don't got much good to say about him. But he was good to the community where it counted. Good to me."

I stay silent as he lets that sit. And eventually he goes back to cutting my hair. The rest of the service being done in an awkward silence.

"Alright." He says as he unties my apron and takes it off. "That'll be fifteen bucks."

"Inflation everywhere." I groan as I stand up and run my hands through my hair. "Oh well, there should be enough in the back regardless."

"What?" He asks as I stretch my arms back and head for the door at the back of the salon. "Hey! The hell you doing!?"

"Just getting your money." I say as I open the door.

Click.

"You get out there before I put a clip in you." He says sternly.

"Hmph." I chuckle as I keep moving and allow the gun to fire, hitting a bone plate as I conjure my armor in less than a second. "Cute."

I step into the back of the salon. Full of crates and cleaning supplies, a cot facing a tv on an old pool table with a steel safe acting as a nightstand. A minifridge against the wall next to the TV.

'Quaint.' I think to myself as I realize the old man is living in the back room that once was used as an informal gambling room for the launderers.

Heading towards the wall the tv and pool table are stationed against. I grab the table with a grunt of exertion, and move it to the side. The brick wall having a few chips in its masonry, made into a perfect square. Chipping that was intentional.

Extending the bones on my hand out into curved claws, I grab the brick in the middle of the indents, and pull it out. Allowing the rest of the ten or so bricks around it to fall away. Revealing a dusty old black duffle bag.

"Like I just left you here yesterday." I smile as I grab the duffle bag and sling it over my shoulder.

Heading back into the salon. I see the old man on a phone at the desk.

Looking above the door. I see the greyed out images of three men. Though I only recognize the middle one.

(Archer Mustain Sr.)

(Jan. 10, 1954 – Aug. 17, 2010)

(Archer Mustain Jr.)

(Sept. 23, 1973 – Feb. 12 2003)

(Adam Mustain)

(April 2, 1990 – March 29, 2010)

"So Junior had a kid?" I hum in thought as I look at the dates, and realize the grandfather outlived both his son and his grandson. "Shame."

I hang my head in, I guess pity for the circumstance, as I leave the barber shop. A new sympathy in my heart for the parents who outlive their children. I can't imagine the pain that leaves someone with.

Passing the frantic man as he looks back to me with wide eyes. I nod and set the duffle bag on the counter, unzipping the bug out bag and pulling out a hundred. I hand it to the stunned older man as he drops the phone.

"You, I know you!" He says in shock.

"I should hope so." I nod, my bone armor still covering my face. "After all, a man should know who owns the land he lives on."

.

.

-East Slums, Thursday, October 13th, 1am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I touchdown on the roof of the apartment building in the east slums on Brockton's north residential area. Looking up to the brown haired, cherubic faced girl that is the daughter of the world's most infamous master.

Not that it's saying much, Heartbreaker has like, thirty or more kids.

"Well if it isn't my favorite lite sociopath." She leans forward and places her hands on her knees to be eye level. "How ya been?"

"Since when am I your favorite anything?" I ask with a tilt of my head.

"Since you owe me." She winks before standing straight up and walking over to me. "We both know that little ambush you set up wouldn't have worked nearly as well as it did without me."

The oh so crucial role she played, was not being a snitch. Which, let's be honest here. She'd have done that regardless, I just reached out to her a bit before the ambush to make sure she was on board. How you ask?

"Yeah yeah." I roll my eyes and hold my hand out. "I hope you know that once I'm done, I better never see you in Brockton Bay again."

Just after my interrogation of Tattletale, I went to a roof near the boat graveyard, and flared my nervous system. Mimicking extreme rage cycling with jubilance. All nervous system, no brain activity required.

"Fair enough." She shrugs and grabs my hand. "One city isn't too big of a loss for me. Besides, this place is a shit hole. Literally, I watched a homeless man take a dump on the sidewalk... at least I think he was homeless."

I basically played SOS with my nervous system. And let me tell you the adrenaline crash was something else. Probably should've chose a pair of emotions that were less, volatile.

"Sounds about right." I say as I go into her and start the process of removing her tattoos.

Before using the tingling sensation to mask the initial shock of me paralyzing her.

"What, what the fuck are you doing!?" She screams and tries to pull away, a wave of panic and fear washes over me, tears rolling down my face as I realize I'm hurting someone I love.

And I punt her in the cunt for making me love her.

"Haaaaaaa!" She wheezes as she convulses and tries to cover her crotch, and I feel really bad about myself. "We had a deal!"

"I have altered the terms of our agreement." I say, hoping some humor will make me feel better about this.

It doesn't.

"Star Wars, really?" She glares in confusion. "Why, why are you doing this?"

"Because I made a deal." I explain as I reach down and grab her by the neck as she clumsily tries to back away, but only manages to jerkily twitch in random directions. "And I can't trust you."

I go in and fight my love for my friend, with the knowledge of what she helped do to my family. Using that as motivation, I use my biokinesis and crush her Corona Gemma.

And I immediately stop giving two flying French seals about the worlds worst abuser of pretty privilege!

"Why, what?" She mutters as I let go of her throat and start rummaging through her pockets for her phone. "I, I can't, what did you do to me!?"

I grab her by her jaw and apply a bit of pressure.

"Yell again and I'll give you a reason to yell." I say, making it very clear who's in power as I find her phone in her back pocket.

I'm still grounded, so I couldn't take my phone and risk getting caught. If she didn't have a phone, I may very well have made her mute and left her here as is. But now that I have the beauty of long range communication at my fingertips. I have options.

"Let's see here." I hum as I open her phone and go to the dial pad. "No lock? Someone's reckless. Now, I could call Lung and have you tossed in the stocks downtown. But I feel like a part of you would enjoy that to some extent, knowing that you'd be desired like that."

"What, why are you doing this?" She asks through a panicked voice. "What did I do to you? I helped you!"

"Well for one, I already promised your brother I'd make you suffer. But truthfully?" I say as I use her phone to tap my chin in thought. And look to her with a shrug. "I'm kinda just venting a lot of stuff and using you as a surrogate!"

"But I helped you!" She screams.

"You're help was convenient at best." I roll my eyes. "Now, who should I call? I can call Lung and set you up with a nice career in snuff porn. Or I could get ahold of Nilbog, make you into a cute little goblin." I say as she starts crying crocodile tears. "Or, ooh! How about I call dear old dad? Tell him where he can find his paralyzed daughter?"

"Are you kidding?" She spits out, dropping her scared damsel in distress act in favor of her narcissistic anger. "Do you know what he does to his kids that upset him?"

"I imagine it's traumatizing at the very least." I shrug as I open the phone and start dialing for Regent, hoping he'll know how to get ahold of his old man.

"Let's just say I have a few brothers and sisters, that I'm an aunt to." She hisses as she finally stops trying to move in her state

I actually stop dialing as I process that.

"Eeeeww!" I shiver and cringe in disgust.

I mean, absolute power corrupts absolutely. And Heartbreaker has absolute power over people sooo.

Still ew.

Then again, Cherish is like… a manipulative narcissist. So… I'mma not believe her.

"Please, look you made your point!" She cries out, putting the crocodile tears back on. "Just please. Give me my powers back and let me go."

I can tell they're crocodile tears because they just, fall. No red face, no heavy breathing, nothing. And when I threatened to get daddy, they just stopped and started back up.

"I can tell the tears are fake so you can save it." I say as I think of the perfect person to call.

"Why won't you believe me!?" She shouts. Her arms thrashing as she tries to move with her scrambled nervous system. "Are you so red pilled that you'd really subject me to a rapist in order to fuel your own vendetta!?"

"Well if that wasn't a splurge of word vomit and buzz words." I mutter as I wait for the person to answer the call.

Click

"You have twenty seconds before this number is blocked." I hear the woman say.

"Miss Jones!" I grin as I look back to Cherish's widening eyes. "I hear you're looking for a way to get to Heartbreaker."

… "You have my attention. But first, who is this?" She asks.

"You can't be-" I use my illusions to clamp Cherish's jaw shut.

"A friend in the movement who would appreciate your silence on the matter." I say cryptically and wait for her answer.

… "Kitsu?" She asks.

"How on earth did you figure that out?" I ask.

"There's only one little girl in New Wave." She says. "Now get to the point. I'm already on a lead to Regent and I don't need some overpowered mascot wasting my time."

I feel my eye twitch at her insult. Taking a deep breath and telling myself not to take it personally. Not when there's nothing I can do without getting in trouble.

"Well, this mascot has an incapacitated Cherish right next to her." I say as I side eye the girl currently spasming on the ground as she tries to regain control of her body.

Which isn't happening. I disabled like, half of her motor neurons at random. Would've got them all if she didn't have the sense to pull away, but that's on me really.

"Where?" Jessica says hurriedly.

"I'll tell you under two conditions. One, I wasn't here." I tell the woman before she can interject. "Two, kill her once she's done."

"Hrrmmm!?" Cherish screams as she looks up to me. My illusionary clamp still around her jaw.

"I'm not going to-" Jessica starts.

"She's still registered as being a member of the Nine, the only current living member not in custody in fact." I cut her off as I see Cherish actually start to cry. "And that comes with a de facto kill order. Agree, or I'll kill her now and save myself the trouble."

The line is silent for awhile, the only sounds being the wind, the ocean in the distance and the cars passing on the streets below the apartments. Cherish is also crying but, eh.

"Deal." Jessica Jones seals Cherish's fate.

.

.

-Mid Bay, Ferry, 2pm-

.

.

Pinky POV

.

I climb the roof hatch to see Eric already here.

"Hey." I say as I hoist myself up. "You wanted to talk to me?"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Taylor Hebert POV

.

"Um, what's this about, dad?" I ask as he sits down across from me at the table. Anne right next to him.

"Okay, so… there's no easy way for me to do this." He says, smacking his lips as he looks to Emma's sister. "But after everything that's happened. With how dangerous and short life can be, Anne convinced me that it would be best to go through with this."

Anne smiles at my dad and pats his shoulder reassuringly. Giving him a loving smile, one that causes a pit in my gut as he returns it.

"Oh my god." I breathe out, and stand up in protest. "I knew it!"

"What?" Dad flinches back as Anne gives me a concerned look.

"I figured you had moved on, and that's fine." I say as I pace back and forth in front of the table. "But Anne? Dad she's half your age! And like, only six years older than me!"

"Taylor, what are you-" Anne starts, but I look away from her to face the door to the kitchen.

"I-I'm sorry but I just can't look at you right now." I put my hands to my temples. "My god dad!"

"Taylor!" Dad stands up and hurries around the table. "What is the deal?"

"You and Anne!" I turn to him. "I figured you started dating again, but really dad! I thought better of you!"

"Oh my god no!" Anne shouts as she pushes back and stands up to hold her hands out in surrender. Shaking her head in disgust.

Wut?

"Taylor, I… what gave you that idea?" Dad asks with a confused and concerned expression.

"The, well, you're always spending time with her!" I start fumbling with my words.

"I'm her godfather and she just lost her family." Dad says defensively.

"You, you're driving her everywhere!" I point out. "And both of you get so, so, so cagey whenever I ask about it!"

"That's, not something-"

"Taylor, my license is suspended." Anne cuts my dad off.

"Then why wouldn't you say that?" I turn to her and ask. "Instead of making it sound like you're running around with my dad!"

"Because I got a DUI!" She yells. "Okay? I was ashamed and Daniel promised to not tell anyone so long as I didn't do it again."

"Well, what, you, then what is all this about?" I scramble to try and find an answer.

"This!" Dad exclaims as he pulls a small box out of his back pocket and holds it out to me. "After the whole kidnapping ordeal, Anne convinced me to let you have a phone."

My eyes widen as I freeze in place. Not sure what to do as I get a whole mix of emotions running through me. Shock, confusion, excitement, humiliation.

"I, I, really- umph!" I start to reach for it, but dad shoves it into my hands.

"Just, Anne can help you set it up." He sighs while rubbing his temples. Turning and leaving out of the kitchen.

I slowly turn to Anne, only to see her head buried in her hands.

"Are, are you okay?" I ask sheepishly as my shock wears off, leaving me with a burning gut feelings of embarrassment.

"Rmmm." She groans.

.

.

A/N

Ask questions!

Give suggestions! Please!

.

For Kitsu!

Z.L.C. genesmith: On a scale of one to five, where would you place yourself in each individual part of the color wheel from Magic: The Gathering?

Kitsu: How is this a question? 4! No one can tie me down! All will burn before me!

Eat the rich! Dissolve the parties! Uncook the infidels pizzas!

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
Last edited: Sep 5, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, Alduinian and 105 others
Newb to the game
Mar 25, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 84 A Lax Day
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Apr 14, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,049
A/N A Lax Day

Alt title: What I do best.

.

.

RadChaos897: I blueballed the Taylor & The Undersiders interaction for 2 reasons.

One, it would make no sense for them to do a violence. The Undersiders are thieves, not thugs. And Tattletale is not only traumatized of Kitsu, but is heavily reliant on her power. And it's been established that when Taylor commandeers a power, she partially takes it from the primary user. It's why Hellfire lost the ability to control his flames until he was forced out of Taylor's range. So Tattletale was working on half a brain, and the speculations were running wild, so she panicked.

Reason 2! Writer's block… that's it.

But don't worry! I'll be sure to revisit it.

Kitsu wouldn't do anything that would require her to go into Mark and Carol's room. She holds the idea of personal and private space as sacred… so long as she cares about you. Strangers don't count.

What happened with Scarecrow is that he was disgusted by what was happening and left. (Also, he's gay. It just never comes up because there's never a situation for it to come up.) and the black guy dropped dead in a house of junkies, ergo he was looted.

That, that Kitsu/Missy/Vista idea you just had? I'm stealing that.

Taylor is going to walk down the sidewalk when she's 30 something, stop, sigh, and just recall the time she thought her best friend's sister and her dad were fucking. Such is life.

GideonBlackthorn: Don't worry about the Merchants. Their time will come.

Grimnosh: The Marquis was meant to serve life without parole. So time served definitely doesn't apply here. As for Amy and her snark?

Soon~

Rc Jackson: Coil got picked up by Cauldron and Neil was forced to pick between setting off a bomb in the city, or a bomb that would kill his son.

SeanHicks4: The massive crossover is so spread out because they're spread out all over the world. It'd make no sense for them all to be in Brockton Bay. So Batman, Wonder Woman and more may very well be here. Just in other areas.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Mid Bay, Wednesday, October 13th, 2pm-

.

.

Pinky POV

.

"Hey." I spot Eric as I hoist myself up. "You wanted to talk to me?" I ask the boy sitting at the edge of the boat's roof across from me.

"Oh!" He looks behind himself and notices me. The windy air casting his hair over his eyes as he turns. "Hey, Pinky." He turns back to looking out across the city as the ferry departs the dock.

"Hey to you too. Again." I say awkwardly as I walk over and take a seat next to him on the edge.

I sit down, my legs together as I hug my knees. Waiting for him to say something as the boat cruises across the bay. The view of the city being, well not the best to my tastes. I'd prefer to look at the ocean. I'm more of a nature landscape or graffiti type of gal when it comes to this stuff.

"Soooo…" I drawl out after an awkward amount of time has passed. "You gonna tell me why we're here?"

"Do you remember the last time we were both on the ship?" He asks suddenly.

"Uh… yeah. It was, early in July… I think." I pause as I try to recall the specifics. Before wondering what that has to do with anything. "Why do you ask?"

"It was July first." He clarifies for me. "July first, day of the Merchant's attack on the ferry. Also, the day of the fifty three bombing." He says with a tone I can't quite place.

'So that's what's eating him up inside.' I think to myself. Then mentally kick myself for not realizing the obvious.,

"Eric… are you alright?"

"You saw the news." He throws a hand up in exasperation while looking away. "You know what's going on."

"There's, a lot going on." I try to deflect, not wanting to discuss anything, conspiratorial.

"You know what I mean." He says in a low voice as I let an uncomfortable silence stretch on. Awkwardly tapping my hands on my knees as I look the other way.

"We could've died." He finally continues, referring to the bomb.

"You don't know that." I counter him. "For all we know, this is just a messed up ploy to make New Wave look bad."

"Then why not release that video sooner?" He asks with a crack in his voice as he runs his hands through his hair, which I notice is turning brown at the roots. Meaning he hasn't re-dyed it. "Why, why release it so long after? After everything about it was, I just don't get it!"

This is really killing him inside. Mainly because, he and I know the video is real. That canister that fell when we escaped the closet, it fell the same time the gas cloud was released.

"Do… do you think he made the wrong decision?" I ask tentatively, trying to find the root of the issue and help what is arguably my best friend.

"Over a thousand and a half people dead or injured." He says in a soft, shaky voice. "And more than five hundred were left deformed."

"Hey." I furrow my brow at the words used. "One of those deformed people is sitting right next to you."

"Pinky you've been the way you are for as long as you know." He gives me a flat look. "They had their issues forced on them out of nowhere. To save us. And that's just the ones who lived!"

I take a breath, and calm myself. Forcing the issue to the back of my mind. Knowing he's just venting a lot on his mind. Not making any personal statements.

Eric goes quiet again as he turns back to the coastline. Staring out at the city as he takes a deep breath.

"I just, I know he was in a bad spot. But I just can't help but think… what if we weren't there?" He asks.

"What do you mean?" I ask.

"What, what if we didn't run off to help him?" He asks in a shaky voice. "What if we stayed with mom and help the boats evacuate."

"Eric there is literally no way to know what would've happened." I point out. "Nothing, something better, something worse." I shrug, not knowing how to say what I want to say. "You can't worry about what ifs or you'll drive yourself insane."

"You got that from the internet." He scoffs.

"Still counts!" I beam at him as I lean back on my arms, before I hop up. "Come on! Get up!" I grab him by his bicep and pull him up.

"What the, Pinky!" He scrambles as I force him to stand. "What are you doing?"

"You're depressing me and it's gross!" I stick out my tongue and get him to his feet. "Totally killing my vibe here. Now move!" I shove him over the ledge.

"Whoa!" He exclaims as he floats in the air. "Pinky are you insane?"

"A little." I wink before turning and running over to the other side of the roof. "Tag by the way! Catch me if you can, blue boy!"

I slide down the side of the captain's cabin. Using a little bit of lubricant to ease my roll as I hit the deck of the upper floor and slide past the passengers and under the second story railing. Turning mid slide to grab the rail I passed under and swinging back to the second story deck. Rolling to my feet and sidestepping the ferry goers.

"Woah!"

"Hey!"

"Sorry, 'scuse me!" I say as I twirl around a few.

"You know." I hear from my right and look over to see Eric flying just past the railing. "Challenging a flyer to a chase is, well it's a decision."

I stick my tongue out at him and twirl, letting out a bit of slippery soap from my feet as I turn towards him and leap frog over the rail. Surprising the shit out of him as I reach out and plant a hand on his back. And use him like a pommel horse to platform down to the main deck.

"Sounds like a lot of cope from a little blue bird!" I call back as I run to the back deck.

'If only we did this in the city.' I think to myself before snickering. 'Nah, he needs the handicap.'

I slip past a waiter carrying a platter of hors d'oeuvres, nabbing a finger sammy as I pass him into the lounge. Several people commenting on my stunning appearance as I run through and hop over the bar counter. Looking up to the bartender as she gives me a concerned look, I smile and put a finger to my lips. Popping the mini sandwich into my mouth before crawling away towards the other end of the lounge, and out the door back to the main deck. Putting a good deal of distance between me and Eric as he scramble through the lounge.

Or so I thought as I look over, and find him instantly spotting me through a window.

"So much for that lead." I scoff to myself as he rushes out of the lounge and gives chase.

I can almost hear him breathing behind me as I run to the-

"Tag!" He tackles me from behind.

"Ah!" I scream as we roll across the deck. Eric cushioning me from the worst of it as he expands a shield around us.

Luckily, the people on the deck have the sense to dodge and move out of the way. Before Eric's shield collapses and we sprawl out on the deck cracking up.

"How, how did you find me?" I ask through my laughter.

"Pinky, in case you forgot." He chortles. "You're hot pink. Kinda, kinda hard to lose you."

'Oh.' I think to myself. 'right.'

It, actually is easy to forget. Lately at least. Everyone around me treats me so, normal that I forget I'm not.

It's, nice.

"Feeling better?" I laugh as he gets up off of me.

"Yeah, yeah I guess." He huffs as we get to our feet. "Not, how are you not out of breath?" He asks.

"Because unlike you." I say, letting lubricant seep out of my feet as I start sliding around on the deck. "I need to actually move and keep in shape to use my powers."

"Flying is still, exhausting." He defends as I slip and crash into him on purpose to let him catch me.

"Anything that's exhausting, should leave your muscles burning." I challenge. "So I say it doesn't count."

"Does too." He defends.

"If you say so." I roll my eyes and push off of him. "Just saying that, between the two of us. I know who's winning a foot race."

"And I know who's winning an arm wrestling contest." He says as he grabs my wrist and pulls me back towards him.

"And how often do you need to arm wrestle?" I laugh as I easily slip out of his grip and dodge to the side of him.

He doesn't say anything as he puts his foot out and trips me. Reaching out and grabbing my hand to pull me up by my wrist before I hit the deck.

"I'd say the skills are transferable." He says as he holds me and gives me a gentle smile as we laugh.

"In very specific cases." I laugh, before blushing as I realize how close we are. And getting closer. "Um… Eric?" I say quietly.

"Yeah?" He asks as he starts leaning in, my heart racing as he gets closer.

"I don't think- mrph!" My eyes shoot wide as he kisses me. And I pull back, shoving him in reflex.

"What, but I." He says with a confused look. Before his face goes red. "Oh, god I misread all of that."

'No shit!' I mentally panic.

"Yeah." My voice cracks. Feeling more embarrassed than I ever have in my life. "Yeah, I, um. Look I get that, you see me that way. But, and I want you to know it's not you. I just don't see you that way. It has nothing to do-"

"Oh god I'm getting friend zoned." He whispers to himself as he turns away from me. "Fuck! I just fucked up! It was the mutation thing I said wasn't it?"

"Eric look, it's not that big a deal!" I try to reassure him.

"A big deal?" He looks back to me, looking ready to cry. "That was my first, no, no it's… just forget it. Forget it like it never happened."

"I-" I try to say something, but don't get anything out before he takes off. Leaving me on the deck of the ferry.

With, several… people.

Just watching.

"Uh… nothing to see here!" I give a wave to the crowd before taking my leave. Desperately trying to escape my humiliation.

.

.

-Dallon House, Thursday, October 13th, 3pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"And then she sticks me with a damn taser!" Missy whisper shouts as she paces back and forth in front of my bed. Which I am laying down, kicking my feet as I hold my head in my hands. Listening to her vent. "If Kid Win had just been a bit faster then he wouldn't have gotten caught off guard. It's like he doesn't take the job nearly as serious as he's supposed to! And now I'm on console duty for the rest of the week."

Ignoring the fact that her disobeying orders is the reason. I just sit here and patiently listen as she tells me about her week.

"Well at least you won't get tazed again." I chime in. "Hopefully. Been there, done that. Not a fun time."

Unless you're the one doing the tazing. You know I never did manage to get ahold of a tazer for myself.

"Other than that, everything is just so weird." She makes a weird waving motion with her hands as she keeps pacing.

"What is?" I ask, scooting forward to sit on my knees, my hands now by the sides of my legs.

"Everything!" She throws her arms up. "Seeing Amy, Vicky, Dennis, Carlos, Dean and Chris. I have to live this whole lie pretending I have no clue who they are, while they have this whole dynamic already set up that I just have to get used to."

"Do you?" I tilt my head in question.

"What else am I supposed to do?" She looks to me and crosses her arms. "Go through high school like some loser loner and never talk to anyone? I'm not Shadow Stalker."

Ha! Shots fired.

"Why does it have to be them?" I shrug. "You could make other friends. Have your hero friends and your civilian friends."

"That just sounds like more work than it's worth." She sighs and walks to my bed. Falling face first at the waist onto the covers. Letting her legs dangle over the edge.

Following her example, I fall onto her back. Making a blonde girl cross on the bed.

"Ugh." She grunts as the mattress bounces. "Rmm, your bed is soft. Is this that new tempur pedic stuff?"

"Yep." I say as I roll on my side, rolling up the bed and over my girlfriend to lay in front of her.

"What was that for?" She looks up with a smile and an unimpressed tone.

"I felt like it." I lay on my side and stick my tongue out at her. Expecting a roll of the eyes, a shake of the head, a scoff at my overt charm as she pretends to be unaffected by my power of cute. But I just blink awkwardly as she does nothing but stare.

"How do you do it?" She asks as she crawls up on the bed proper. Sitting on her knees in front of me with a concerned look.

"Do what?" I ask as I mirror her, only I sit crisscross. My hands in my lap as I lean forward slightly for my tail to have room.

"Be so, cheerful all the time." She says hesitantly. Crossing her arms as she looks off to the side. "I don't get it."

"You don't get it, because it's not there." I say with a smile.

"What?" She looks back to me. Confusion written clear across her cute face.

"Missy, I'm not cheerful because I'm happy." I admit openly. "I'm cheerful to distract myself when I'm not happy."

"But you're always cheerful." She points out.

"Exactly." I nod with a smile. "If I'm always cheerful, no one will ever know if I'm not happy. That's how I do it."

"That's…" Missy goes quiet a bit more as she looks away. "Are, you pretending now?"

"Pretending to do what?" I inquire.

"Pretending to be… happy." She nearly doesn't say the last bit.

"I never said I pretend to be happy." I stifle a giggle at my next plan of action.

"But, you just said if you're always cheerful then…" She lets the rest hang in the air.

"That no one can tell when I'm happy or not." I say as I start to slowly lean forward. "Only those I care about get to know what I really feel."

"And um, what, what do you, um…" She gains a massive blush as she keeps looking from me to the side.

"I feel, mischievous." I give a devious grin.

"What- mrrm!" I lean forward for a quick peck on the lips. Giggling at her red face as I pull back.

"Didn't see that coming did you-mmrrm!" She returns the favor.

'The sneak!' I think to myself as I plan my next attack. Only to have it not survive first contact as she wraps her arms around me and squeezes.

"Mrm." I give up and relax in arms. Closing my eyes and leaning into her hug.

Feeling Missy reach down and move her hands to my butt, I let her pull me into her lap. My back to her chest as my tail wraps around her waist like a fluffy belt as we separate and she rests her head on mine. Her arms around me as she squeezes.

"You're so warm." She sighs as she wiggles against me. "Like a heated pillow."

I laugh at her choice of words. Causing me to strain against her hold on me as I nearly fall over.

"What's so funny?" Missy asks, leaning back to keep me in place as I to look up at her.

"You kiss your pillow?" I grin deviously up at her. Making her blush even deeper.

"Wha-whi- you little butt!" She pushes me out of her lap and back onto my bed as I laugh my little butt off.

I'm holding my sides and wheezing when she crawls over me. Glaring down at me so fiercely, I stop laughing. Drawing out an awkward stare as she huffs angrily at me.

"Um, Missy?" I speak up. "Are you-mrrmm!"

"Gotcha." She giggles as she pushes up, before coming back down for another kiss.

Slam

"Mrm!" My eyes snap open as we kiss. Pulling back to escape her grasp. "Missy! Mom's home!" I hiss, snapping her out of it.

"Huh?" She takes a moment, before her emerald eyes go wide in realization. "Crud!"

She disengages and rolls off the bed. Warping the floor to meet her feet soundlessly as she grabs her shoes and slides them on while hopping to the window. Initiating phase one of plan sneak away.

Doing my part. I run out of the room and head downstairs, turning invisible as I wait in the living room. Waiting to give Missy the signal to sneak out.

"-and I just don't see the point." I hear Mom's voice as she gets closer to the door. "She could've told us."

"Oh?" I tilt my head in question as I flick my ears towards the door. Curiosity and nosiness getting the better of me.

"She's her own person, Carol." Dad says reassuringly. "She was bound to spread out on her own at some point. If anything, I'm surprised it took this long."

"I get that. But she sure as hell chose the worse time to-"

"MOMMY!" I run up and glomp her as the door opens-

Only to sail right past and miss my mark. Landing against another Mark.

I look up to Dad, look back to Mom as she keeps walking.

"Uh!" I scoff. "Rude!"

"I'm in heels and don't have the time." She says as she walks down the hall, past the stairs to the master bedroom on the ground floor.

"What happened?" I look up to the man who walks with me latched to his waist.

"Not my place." He shakes his head and closes the door behind him.

"Then whose place is it?" I ask with a cheeky smile as he picks me up. "Weeeee!"

"Amy's." He says and sets me on the couch.

"Hey!" I hop up and reach my arms up. "I did not give you permission to set me down! Elevate me tall man!"

"Sorry kiddo." He rubs my head and gives a small smile. "But you're getting a bit too big to be carried around."

"I'll have you know I am well under the average weight for my height and age." I cross my arms with a scowl.

"Kitsu." He says as he takes a knee. "You're thirteen. You have a girlfriend and make more money than I do."

"You're unemployed." I point out.

"That's not true." He says seriously. "I hold a full time job being married to your mother." He cracks a smile. Before going deathly serious. "Don't repeat that."

He stands back up and heads for the kitchen. While I rush back to my room to check and make sure Missy dipped out.

Opening the door to my room, I see my girlfriend is indeed nowhere to be found. However, a quick sniff pulls my attention to the right. Where her scent is strong enough to suggest she's still nearby.

Where her purple jacket is. The one I gave her that she always wears when visiting.

Quickly grabbing the offending article of clothing, I shove it into my closet and run back downstairs. Just in time for the door to open again. This time being Vicky behind it.

"Hey mom! Dad!" Vicky shouts. "I invited a friend over if that's alright!"

"Is it someone we know!?" Dad shouts from the kitchen as he starts prepping diner.

"Yep!" Vicky then looks to me with a grin that does not fill me with confidence.

Filtering in after her, is Amy. Who looks, less than happy. Likely due to drama from earlier that I have yet to bug out of her. And then-

"Hey Kitsu." Missy waves awkwardly with a red face. "Um, Vicky caught me at school and offered. I'd have texted you but you uh, don't have your phone."

"Who is it?" Mom says tiredly from down the hall as she walks out.

I look back to see her frowning face as she regards me, then Vicky, then Missy, then me again.

"I thought I'd invite Little V over for a girls night." Vicky says calmly. "Y'know, cheer Amy up."

"And Missy was the first person you thought of?" Mom crosses her arms while staring me down.

"Well it's not like Ames has any friends." Vicky says with a scoff as Amy swats her shoulder. "Well it's true." She mutters to the healer.

"Uh-huh." Mom nods while still staring me down. "And this has nothing to do with a certain little girl who's grounded?"

"You think I'd do something for the midget if I wasn't at least bribed?" Vicky scoffs again.

Mom then looks up to Vicky. And I turn invisible to sneak past her.

"So you're saying you just- don't even think about it." Mom says as she reaches out and grabs me by the head, pushing back in front of her. Without even looking!

The disrespect!

"You're saying this has nothing to do with Kitsu being grounded?" Mom asks.

"I can honestly say I'm not doing this for her." Vicky answers seriously.

'I cannot believe Vicky is covering for me.' I think to myself as I look back to her. A bit touched at the sentiment.

"You know what?" Mom sighs. "I don't have the mind for this right now. No going upstairs, Vicky you're taking Missy home after dinner."

"Not a problem." Vicky says with a beaming grin as Mom turns around and heads back to her room.

Vicky then walks up to me and leans down with that same mischievous grin.

"You owe me~" She says in a whispered singsong tone.

Aaaaand the sentiment's gone.

"No I don't." I whisper back.

"Oh really?" She challenges. "You want me to spill the beans on how I caught your little girlfriend sneaking out of your window."

"But then you'd have to admit you lied." I counter with a smile.

"Then you'd have to admit to being complicit." Vicky counters my counter with her own countering smile.

"Then, then you, um." I lean over, looking to an annoyed Amy and a nervous Missy. Finding nothing there, I look over and behind me, past the living room to Dad in the kitchen. Who seems to have made a point of not interfering. "Uuuuh."

"You can make it up to me later." She lifts up and hovers away and upstairs.

"Hey!" I call after her. "Mom said we're not allowed to go upstairs!"

"I meant that for Missy!" Mom shouts.

Vicky hovers upside down and sticks her tongue out at me as she disappears over the railing.

…

'I wish I could fly.' I think bitterly.

I mean, I can. Through a very roundabout method of making invisible constructs and standing on them. But I can't do it reflexively like everyone and their mothers in this family!

Seriously, New Wave has so many flyers.

"So um." Missy speaks up, earning my attention. "Want to watch some TV?" She looks to Amy.

"… Yeah, why not." She relents.

.

.

-Dallon House, Friday, October 14th, 8am-

.

.

"Don't forget your meds old man!" I shout as I run upstairs to get dressed for the day.

Today we have to begin setting up the yard for Halloween. Why set it up so early when we have a super awesome and totally adorable ball of fluffy awesomeness to do it in the blink of an eye?

I don't know.

"Alright, let's see here!" I think to myself as I throw my closet open.

I'm going to be outside for most of the day. So I need to look good!

'Oh! Roxane's fall outfit from- no that was burned in the fire.' I remember as I move through my outfits. 'There's Caitlyn's, no that one too. What about Mimi's, I never actually got around to getting that one made. Hmm…

Darn it.

"I guess I'll have to just go with Shauna." I say as I pull it out. One of the only outfits to survive the fire.

I get it halfway on, before crying as it doesn't fit. The shorts and chest being too, tight. Seeing as I got these tailor made at the beginning of the summer. Before I had decided to undo the block on my growth.

"Why!?" I cry out to the heavens and just sit here, contemplating what to do. As I only have ten workable outfits that I had refitted, one is my hero outfit, and none of them work for Halloween!

And I'm grounded from getting new clothes! Well, non essential clothes. And I doubt there's a way I could spin it to Mom that I need a fall outfit.

"Are you okay up there kiddo?" I hear Dad shout.

"My life is ruined!" I shout back down before falling to my knees and laying face down on the carpet.

'I miss my mossy floor.' I moan to myself. 'It was so soft, and smelled good.'

I shoot up as I hear Dad racing up the stairs. Holding the door shut as I'm still in my underwear.

Knock knock knock

Only to have done that for nothing.

"Are you decent?" He asks through the door.

"I have nothing to wear!" I shout back.

"Did you forget to do your laundry?" He asks.

"No!" I whine as I let my head hit the door. "Nothing fits."

…

"Didn't you just have Parian refit a few of your clothes?" Dad asks.

"Nothing goes good with the season though!" I whine. "I need something for the fall!"

…

I hear him walk away.

"Hey! Don't just dip out on me!" I shout as I run to my closet and quickly throw on my Dawn outfit. Rushing out the door to interrogate the offending party.

"Don't abandon your favorite daughter in her time of need!" I call over the railing as I catch him walking down the stairs.

"I'm not." He says plainly as he continues to the downstairs hall.

"Not what?" I lean over the ledge and enhance my strength to hold myself upside down.

"Leaving my favorite daughter." He says with a smile in his voice as he walks under me.

"Hey!" I call out, before noticing my skirt falling. Forcing me to push back up and over the railing.

'How does Vicky do that?' I ask myself as I pat my skirt and straighten it out before running after Dad. 'With how often she flies upside down, in a skirt, I've never seen her skirt fall.'

I call shenanigans.

"How can you say that?" I chase him back to the kitchen. "Aren't you concerned for my fragile self esteem? Young girls like me need all the support we can get, you know."

It's true! If I don't get validation from home, I could turn into a criminal deviant who seeks it out from the wrong people. Like Vicky!

"Kitsu if you had any higher an opinion of yourself, it'd be a mental disorder." He scoffs before popping a pill and downing a cup of coffee. The scent wafting through the room telling me it has creamer.

The only people in this house who drink coffee are Dad and Amy. And Amy takes hers blacker than Shadow Stalker's edginess.

"So you just stand there and let it fall." I sniffle. "I see how it is!" I turn around with hmph, and stomp off.

About thirty feet into the living room where I plop face first on the couch. And start screaming into the cushion. Timing how long I can do this before I get asked to stop.

I'm betting I can go until the Miralax I mixed into the coffee creamer takes effect.

.

.

-45 minutes later, Spirit Halloween-

.

.

I may have misjudged how long it takes laxatives to work.

I also didn't realize the reason we're setting up decorations so early, is because we need to get decorations. Because those burned in the fire too. One of the only things in the garage that did. Same with the Christmas decorations. Not the Easter decorations, oddly enough.

"Why don't we have thanksgiving decorations?" I ask from the basket of the cart. Where I'm on my knees and leaning over the front.

"Because we always celebrate it at your aunt Sarah's house." He says as we stop by the little table decorations. Stylized candlestick lights and spider web doilies. That kinda thing.

"Ooh! Grab dat." I point ahead to a hanging door decoration. It's an orange fox in a witch hat, backdropped by a pale full moon roughly the size of a dinner plate.

We move forward the five feet it takes me to reach out and grab it from the hook. The fox's eyes are closed and it's posed in a way that makes it mostly blend with the circle of the moon. But it's a bit heavier than-

There's a switch.

Flip

It lights up! The moon is blue and there are little stars on the witch hat!

"Oh my gosh!" I turn to Dad and hold it up. "This, this is what we need."

He takes it and turns it around. Raising a brow as he looks to me with uncertainty.

"A door light for thirty five dollars?" He raises a brow. "Unless you want to buy it."

I almost agree, until I recall that my allowance is still a hundred a month. And most of my money from streaming goes back to Eric to pay off the computer and streaming equipment he bought me. I mean, I don't really use my allowance for anything except snacks and expensive plants. So I still have like, eighty bucks this month.

…

If I do. I won't have money for Call of Duty Black Ops. Which comes out tomorrow.

"Hrmm fine." I turn back around and plop down, crossing my arms in annoyance.

Rrrrrrmmmrrr.

My left ear perks at the sound, flicking towards Dad as his gut rumbles.

'Soon~' I hold in a giggle as I allow a truly devious grin to spread across my face.

"Oof, that coffee's hitting me hard." Dad sighs to himself.

"I need not know of your bodily functions." I speak up.

"Neither do I, but I watched you throw up dandelions." He quips.

"That was one time!" I shout back at him.

"Keep your voice down!" He hisses with a small blush. "Do you want to cause a scene."

I slowly, ever so calmly turn to the man I've come to call father. My face a picture of pure serenity. Placid, and peaceful.

"No." I smile and hop up to lay on the front and sides of the basket. Resting as though I were in a hammock. "I am the scene."

…

"You're going to be the death of me." He sighs as we start moving again.

"Only if you're lucky." I snap a finger pistol at him.

"What is that even supposed to mean?" He chuckles.

"Grow old and you won't have to find out." I rest my hands behind my head. Before remembering I'm in a skirt and getting down. "Well, older."

"I'm not old." He defends. "I'm barely into my thirties."

"Oh my god!" I gasp as I cover my mouth. "You're not just old, you're ancient."

"Pfft, what?" He scoffs as I stand up and hug him.

"Nyooo!" I cry out. "You can't do this! How could you keep this from me?"

"What has gotten into you?" He asks.

"Look at you." I kneel up and cup his cheeks cup his cheeks. "All this, this youthful charm. Gone, like dust in the wind. Like you. Soon, in like… ten years you'll be gone too."

"Okay." He rolls his eyes. "Sit back down you little drama queen."

"In deference for recognition of my majesty, I shall concede to your request." I sit back down. Only to have a bag of spider rings smack me in the face.

.

.

I'm lounging outside the bathrooms in the cart. While Dad struggles not to go the way of Elvis Presley.

'Wonder how long it'll take him to realize it's the coffee creamer?' I wonder to myself as I recline against the chair made of decoration bags. Sitting on a styrofoam tombstone to give myself some space to not sit on my tail.

"Mom I swear! That's her!" I hear a little boy say, and I look over to see a small child in the seat of the cart, pointing right at me.

"You said that about the last girl in a foxso costume." She says without looking up.

"It's Kitsu!" The little boy corrects her. "And I'm really really sure this time."

"What would a hero from New Wave be doing at a Spirit Halloween?" She asks. "They have like people do that for them."

It's now that I speak up. Turning myself invisible to mess with them.

"We really don't." I raise my voice a bit. Earning their attention as I invisibly jump out of the cart and get on the other side of their cart. Dispelling my invisibility. "What are we looking at?"

And that's the second time I've been smacked in the face today.

"Mom!" The little boy screams as the purse falls away.

.

.

"I am so sorry about tat." Dad apologizes on my behalf.

The mother was, less than impressed with my little prank. Turns out that Brockton Bay gives a person one hell of a fight response.

Meanwhile I'm letting the kid take selfies with me on his mom's phone. Overall, not a bad time.

.

.

-Dallon House, 10am-

.

.

"We can set up a haunted house." I suggest as I help carry bags in.

"With what?" Dad scoffs as he pulls his keys out and unlocks the door. "I hope you're not suggesting we use our actual house."

"Why not?" I ask, following him in as he holds the door open with his foot. "My appreciations, good sir." I bow.

"Your gratitude is unnecessary, good and fair lady Kitsu." He replies. "All that I would require of you, is to move. My foot's cramping and these bags are digging into my wrists."

"I'm gonna have to detract points for breaking character you know." I inform him as I head inside. "But you had a strong start, so I suppose it's a decent start."

"I'd implore you to grade me on a curve." He rolls his eyes as we set the bags down in the dining room.

"I would if I knew what that means." I say as I walk on an illusionary stool to reach the top of the table, without needing to swing the bags.

"Remind me how you tested out of your classes?" He asks as he heads to the kitchen.

"I cheated." I say, causing him to pause as he opens the fridge.

He slowly turns back to me with a concerned look.

"I'm kidding!" I groan as I plop into one of the kitchen chairs. "Jeez, I know you're old. But you have to know what a joke is."

"I'm not old!" He defends.

I go to say something, but I hear someone on the sidewalk turn towards our house. Causing me to turn towards the offender, the dining room window being a bay window looking out over the yard.

It's a middle aged woman with a clipboard and wearing mom jeans with a red button up flannel. Blonde hair tied in a low bun.

"Dad!" I shout to the man now on the other side of the house. "Someone's coming to the door!"

"Can you see who it is?" He says normally, knowing I can hear him.

"A stranger!" I shout back just in time for them to reach the door and knock.

"Coming!" Dad yells, and I illusion my ears and tail away in case I need to peer over.

…

Okay, depending on how this goes. I wanna mess with someone.

Dad gives me an odd look as I now become a normie. And I give the old man a reassuring nod, and thumbs up.

He shakes his head and opens the door while I hop off the chair and snoop near the edge of the archway.

"Hi there!" The woman says in a sickly sweet tone. "I'm Bethany, I'm part of the residential homeowner's association committee. And with the upcoming holidays, I was just hoping to inform you on some of the policies going forward."

"I wasn't aware we were part of an HOA." Dad says.

"Well seeing as your house falls under the property zone of the local residential area." She says matter of factly. "Your property falls under the HOA by default." Causing Dad to go quiet.

Okay, I know admittedly far less about laws than I probably should. Considering how many I've broken that is. But that sounds like hogwash even to me.

"All right, um, what do I need to know?" He asks.

"Well first of all, I need to confirm if you are the primary homeowner." She says.

'Shouldn't she already know that?' I think to myself.

"I am." He lies.

"Perfect!" She says happily. "So, I noticed that while you're lawn is immaculate, you're not mowing on Tuesdays. So I just need you to start doing it then."

"Okay." Dad says simply.

"Next, I see that you've left your trash bins on the curb. Here we don't do that, so if you could only do that on trash day." She leaves off.

"I understand." He says like a whipped dog.

"And next, with Halloween coming up I feel you should know that we don't allow the, traditional decorations." She says. "We find things that pertain to witches, zombies, werewolves, vampires and ghosts to be offensive to their cultures of origin. So unless you're practicing wiccan, a Haitian or Romani persons, we'd kindly ask that you not."

In a world where we have Endbringers, roaming super serial killers, not anymore, villains and vigilantes. Some people still believe in making themselves a nuisance.

"My family is Celtic in origin." He says. "So if we're doing it like this, technically the whole holiday is my holiday to be celebrated as I see fit and you're borrowing it."

Flashbang hitting her with the hammer!

"With all due respect sir, you're not a practicing Celt." She clicks her tongue. "So I would still ask that you respect modern sensibilities."

…

I really wish I had my phone for that one.

"Alright, we'll shelve that for later." Dad says under his breath. "Is there anything else?"

"I just need you to sign here to let us know you understand what's been said today." She says.

"Uh sure, let me see that."

Slam.

I jump in shock and drop my illusion as Dad slams the door shut and walks away.

"Excuse me!?" The lady yells. "Sir! Sir!"

"What was that?" I ask as I follow Dad into the kitchen.

"Don't worry about it." Dad says as he tosses the clipboard onto the counter and moves to the freezer. "Just a door to door salesman." He pulls out some hot pockets.

He says that as I stand on my tiptoes and reach over, grabbing the clipboard. I read the paper. Not really finding anything the lady didn't say. Other than, of course, it's written in words and phrases that take a law degree to understand.

"Philly cheese or pepperoni?" Dad asks as he holds up two boxed of hot pockets.

"It's like you don't even know me." I let the clipboard fall as I cross my arms.

"You're right." He nods, and puts the pepperoni back!

"Hey!" I shoot up and rush over, narrowly missing as he closes the refrigerator door. "No! You will not, get away with this!" I grunt as I grab the handle while Dad raises his knee and keeps it shut while reaching over and opening the microwave.

"What's the matter?" He laughs as he tears the hot pockets open. "I thought you love cheese?"

"I love pizza!" I shout while trying to shove his leg out of the way. "And Philly cheese steak is disgusting!"

"Well you should've told me that." He says.

"I'm telling you now!" I shout as I finally get the door open enough to shove my small hand through.

"Too late." He says as the microwave closes.

"Is not!" I shout as I pull out a pepperoni hot pocket and hold it up in victory.

"Oh yeah?" He smiles.

"Oh yeah." I smile at the smiling man.

"Really?" He questions with a smile at my smile directed towards his smile.

"Really." I nod.

"So you're just going to eat it cold then?" He challenges.

I say nothing, merely holding my smile as I tear the plastic off of the hot pocket. Hold it in both hands. And set both hands on fire.

Dad's smile that he was smiling at my smile that was directed at his smile, drops.

"Is there anything you can't do?" He asks.

"Nope!" I smile.

.

.

-The Towers, Max'sEdward's Office, Friday, October 14th, 11am-

.

.

Edward "Alchemist" Anders POV

.

"She's getting worse." Trickster's voice rings out from the laptop. "I'm telling you. I've lived through this often enough, she's going to go manic any day now."

"And with the amount of high rollers in the city right now well it doesn't look pretty." Tattle tale says. "Hate to say it Boss, but if we don't find a more permanent solution to Noelle's condition, then the heroes are going to implement a final solution."

I'd be grateful for my mask hiding my annoyed look. If I didn't know she already knows I hated that. Making the mask pointless around her.

But she's right. As it stands, only two people in the city can fix Noelle. And only one of them can really survive the attempt. Problem is, Trixie and his band of migrants over here already fucked all there bridges to death when he kidnapped Kitsu the first time.

'Seriously, why wouldn't he just ask?' I think to myself. 'Literally everything about the blonde fox says she wouldn't give two fucks about fixing a villain. At worst, she'd demand something in return.'

Now, the only way I can see her fixing Noelle is if she's forced to. But any situation that would call for Noelle needing to be fixed immediately, could also be solved by killing her. And I have no faith in Kitsu's good will. If she can get away with it, she will kill Noelle.

"You could always pull some strings to get closer to her." Tattletale speaks up.

'Damn mind reading… woman.' I can't think of anything clever to really stick.

"How could I possibly-" I start to say before recalling the rule of separation. No two people are separated by more than seven degrees of relation. Be that blood, associates or circumstance. "I might have one avenue."

"I don't mean to be pushy." Trickster speaks up. "But might I have a penny for your thoughts? I'm starting to feel left out here."

"I was following along just fine." Tattletale smirks.

"Don't start." I warn her, not that I can stop her if she does. "And Trickster, it's a bit sensitive. Civilian shit and all that. I'll let you know what goes on, but it's nothing I can say will work."

It won't work, not in time. Noelle has weeks, and building bridges takes months at least. This is just to keep Trickster from making this any worse.

I check the clock and notice it's almost eleven thirty. Meaning this meeting is about done. And I need to start my next meeting with Kayden. Or rather, the Medhall board of directors as I feed Kayden what she needs to say.

"Alright, much as I'd love to keep this going. I have other shit I need to do." I say and cut Trickster.

"If you need, I'm sure I can find a modern Enron for you to invest into." Tattletale smiles.

"Just keep hitting up the fronts." I roll my eyes. "I'm pretty sure I can tank a company on my own." I cut her feed, and open the security feed to the board meeting as it starts. Patching myself into Kayden's bluetooth.

.

.

-Dallon House, Saturday, October 15th, 10am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Dad!" I yell as jump over the railing and land at the base of the stairs. Jogging into the dining room and finding the man in sweatpants and a loose white tee at the china cabinet. Running past Mom and Amy at the table, I grab the man by his arm and pull him. "Come on! I needs your assistance!"

"Woah!" He quickly sets his mug down as I drag him along. "What's this about?"

"I need you to drive me to Gamestop!" I say as I get behind him and push.

"Um, you're grounded." Mom looks up from her papers.

"Which is why I need my sidekick to drive me!" I say as I keep pushing, but he's not moving. "Move, my part time sidekick!"

"Sorry kiddo, but grounded means grounded." Dad says as he refuses to budge.

"Et tu, Markus?" I look up to him with puppy dog eyes as he turns around. "But I need to go!"

"What could you possibly need at Gamestop?" Mom asks.

"The new Call of Duty game releases today!" I turn to her. "I need to get it and stay ahead of the streaming curve or I'll lose relevancy!"

Mom just blinks as she tries to decipher what I mean. Before seemingly giving up and shaking her head.

"No." She goes back to her paperwork.

"What?" I deflate, my ears drooping with my shoulders. "But you said I could keep up my media presence."

"And you don't need a new video game to do that." Mom says.

"Sorry kiddo." Dad rubs my head and walks back to the cabinet where he left his mug.

"B-but." I try to think of something, and turn to Amy.

"Nope." She says without looking up from her phone.

"But I- wait… what are you doing here?" I ask Amy.

"What?" She narrows her eyes, looking up from her phone. "Am I not allowed in the kitchen or something?"

"Drop the attitude." Mom says.

"I wasn't giving attitude." Amy defends. "She asked a dumb question."

"Amy." Mom holds a hand up and takes a deep breath. "Just… don't start."

"I'm not starting anything!" Amy defends. "You got onto me for-"

"Amy!" Dad raises his voice enough to make me flinch. "Is waiting for me to take her to the movies."

"You have a date!" I say excitedly, pushing up on the edge of the table and leaning over. My legs off the floor as I lean in. "Who!? How? Is she hot? Does Vicky know? What's her PHO handle?"

"Off!" Mom looks up with a glare that Amy wishes she could match. "The table."

I plant my feet back on the ground and squat down. My eyes peering over the ledge to stare intently at Amy.

Her last date ghosted her. So I can only assume this is someone different as Amy is not the second chances type of girl. So to get another date so soon!

My body is shaking with excitement.

"Tell meeeee~" I hiss.

"It's literally none of your business." Amy snarks as she goes back to her phone.

"Seeing as you're wearing an outfit I recommended." I point out the skinny jeans and pink blouse. "I consider it a professional vested interest in the prospect of this date. To ascertain the validity of my fashion sense."

"Okay." Mom puts her pencil down. "Ignoring the pamphlet of proper language violations I just bore witness to. Amy's right, it's none of your business."

"But I need to know!" I stand up. "I can't go on my dates, and I'd rather down a tub of nail polish remover before listening to Vicky's exploits. So my only romantic outlet is you!" I reach my arms out across the table to the grumpy healer. "Please, my dear Panpan. I live vicariously through you." I whisper dramatically.

…

"Can you just take me now?" Amy asks. "I'm cool to wait an hour."

"Why won't you love me!?" I beg the healer.

"Next person to yell gets to sit in their room for the rest of the day, and submit college applications!" Mom yells.

…

"I'm too young for college." I say.

"I don't graduate for two years." Amy adds.

"Exactly." Mom smiles. "So shut up, and let me work."

Rrrrrrmmmn

"Oof." Dad huffs and grabs his stomach. "I'll be right back."

And I lower myself to where only my face above my eyes are above the table's edge. Allowing myself a devious grin as Dad hurries off to blow up the bathroom.

.

.

-3pm-

.

.

"Okay then!" I turn the stream on.

(98,302 watching)

"Hello my fleas!" I wave. "That's what you are this week, I still haven't come up with a good opener so deal with it."

(Rude)

(Sounds about riht)

(I iz flea now)

(We carry the plague!)

These guys make very little cohesive sense.

"Now, today we're going to do something new." I say as I grab my phone and turn it on. Having managed to bug-convince Mom into letting have it for my stream. "Today, we're going to check out my house and the people in it!"

(What happened to being a ninja fox agent for the secret government?) A super chat goes off.

"Well, that was the plan." I say as I set up the connection and switch cameras to my phone. "But the matron has seen fit to confine my privileges as a free fox due to the overreactions of past transgressions."

I manage to get the connection set up. My phone screen now showing my live feed while my phone camera is connected to the stream.

(What?)

(Ye olden fox speak)

(I think she's grounded? Idk)

"Yes I am grounded." I confirm. "No I will not elaborate."

(Fox is stuck in her burrow)

(How?)

(Show us how u got grounded)

(New outfit when?)

"Anyway!" I say as I head for the door. "Let's go meet the-"

(Strong enough to one hit behemoth. Yet can't fight a stern talking to.) A super chat goes off and sets off a chain reaction in chat.

(lol)

(Burn!)

(Still a little girl)

(Big bad benny beaten by a brat with a bedtime)

I stop reading the rest as I go to my bed. And start slamming my phone into the pillow over and over again.

.

.

"And this!" I say as I walk into the kitchen as Dad does the dishes. "Is not the momma!"

Dad suddenly stops doing dishes. Resting his hands on the counter ledge as he looks up and sighs.

"Oooh, it's been so long since I saw that show." He says with a small shake of his head.

"Um… wut?" I ask.

"Dinosaurs?" He says, looking to me with a raised brow. "Is that, not what you were referencing? To make me feel old?"

"No." I say slowly.

"Well now I feel even more old." He shakes his head and returns to doing dishes.

"I knew you were old, but I think you old enough to have seen dinosaurs." I snicker.

"It was a TV show!" He defends.

"I'm sure that's what counted for tv back then." I quip.

"It's-" He looks back to me.

(Not the momma, but definitely the Daddy.) A super chat goes off. Making me burn with embarrassment as Dad just stops and stares.

"Mods!" I shout as I run away. "Ban that person with prejudice!"

.

.

"And this, is PanPan!" I announce the lazy healer laying on the living room couch and watching TV.

"Buzz off." She says, not even looking to me.

"PanPan gets grumpy this time of day." I whisper as I crouch over the arm of the couch. "She normally not like this when she's asleep."

She ignores me.

I keep staring.

"You know this is live right?" I ask.

She flips me off.

"How about, hello?" I ask.

"Remove the O and sure." She says.

…

"Did the date go that bad?" I ask.

"Piss off!" She sits up and glares at me. "And no, it went great! I just don't feel the need to do tricks for your viewership."

...

(Fox news, this just in. The fox is taking fire.)

I start smacking the phone into the couch cushion.

.

.

I'm heading to Vicky's room to see if I can't bother her some. Amy kept stonewalling me with snappy remarks and general disregard. And I dare not return to dad, seeing as my chat is apparently down bad for him!

It's weird!

Riiiinnng

My phone starts going off, and I recognize the number as Wade's.

"Hang on, fleas." I pause my chat and answer. "Yellow?"

"Kitsu, I'm calling in one of my favors." Wade says in a deathly serious tone. "I'm sending you and your family tickets to Hawaii."

…

"What?"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Chaotic Good Ending

.

.

-5032, May 12th, East Vulpes, Ualtsu High School-

.

.

Gretan Fol POV

.

"And it's Jalisa's time of year." Ritsu says in a low tone as I put my books in my locker. "So she can't drive us."

"I'm sorry Ritsu." I say as I grab my history book and close my locker, looking up to the black haired Canine with blue eyes. "But the last time I drove you and Alicia to a party, I had to explain to my parents why I needed to get my car detailed."

Vulpines are, notably among the shorter races. Alongside Rodentia. Still, I'm among the taller of my brothers.

Still buts me a head shorter than the girl in front of me.

"It's not my fault Yanis was in heat!" She hisses.

"No, but it's your fault following her to my car." I counter. "Seriously! You know they charge extra for deep scent removal. And you still haven't paid me back."

"You said we were good for that." She whines, her tall ears falling flat.

"No." I correct her in a low, hushed tone. "I said we were good and that I wouldn't tell anyone it was you."

She could get in so much scandal. Having flings is fine, but having a fling with someone in heat? Some cities have laws against that shit! She's lucky Yanis wasn't drunk on top of being in heat. Otherwise I might be pen pals with a felon.

The low buzz of the horn cuts our discussion short as everyone starts filing into their classes.

"Look, I have history Ms. Doll, we can talk later." I say as I turn around and head to class.

"Have fun ogling your teacher." She lazily waves a hand and heads off, her long, almost horse like tail swaying as lazily as she sounds.

"Keep it up and someone will find smelling salts in their shampoo." I mutter to myself.

One of the main tenants of Keetsism. It is easy to be blunt with your grievances, but to be clever is to be exceptional.

…

I'm not religious, my family is!

I walk into ancient history and spot the school's token hot teacher, Ms. Kirsu Doll.

I don't know what devil she sucked off to get as hot as she is, but I'd like their number. For a friend of course! Haysu's been feeling self conscious since her patches are coming in as spots, not stripes. And that her tail is slim, not puffy.

Ms. Doll is an average four foot and ten inches. With a perfect hourglass figure. Long, orange blonde hair tied in a low pony tail and a puffy, shiny fox tail that turns white at the tip. Tall, expressive ears and symmetrical stripes of orange fur on her cheeks and shoulders.

She'd be an absolute bombshell of a ten if it weren't for her, unique mannerisms.

For one, she sometimes slips into this weird accent. If not slipping into another language entirely. One that no one can seem to place. Best I can guess is English, but that's a dead language so no one knows what it sounds like so it's just a little conspiracy of mine.

"Mr. Fol, are you going to keep staring at my outfit or are you going to compliment it already?" She turns from the board and gives me a smile as her seagreen eyes sparkle.

"Oh um, you look really good today Ms. Doll." I stutter out, ignoring the snickering of my classmates as I hurriedly make my way to the back of the class.

"Okay class." Ms. Doll says as she finishes writing on the board. "Today we'll be discussing the Aolian conspiracy, so flip your textbooks to pages-"

.

.

A/N

Mark learns the price, of trespassing the fluff.

Eternal poops.

QUESTIONS!

FOR NEWB!

FOR KITSU!

Z.L.C. genesmith asks: On a scale of one to five, where would you place yourself in each individual part of the color wheel from Magic: The Gathering?

NEWB: Okay confession, I've never played magic and I don't know anything about it. And no amount of googling helped me here.

FOR OTHERS!

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, Alduinian and 96 others
Newb to the game
Apr 14, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 85 Kitsu Did It! New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jun 1, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,117
A/N Kitsu Did It!

Alt title: No I Didn't!

.

.

RadChaos897: Slice of life is what I do best baby!

In either case, the chaotic ending is Kitsu basically giving into her powers to save the world vicariously through others. Which involves a lot of modifying people. Thing is, Kitsu is truly immortal. So she has to pass her time somehow. So yes, Kirsu Doll is Kitsu Dallon.

The reason I chose Kirsu, is because the R and T buttons on my phone are right next to each other, and I misspell Kitsu as Kirsu more often than I care to admit.

And I might, Kitsu is getting long. Like, REALLY long. I might finish off the next crisis and end it, pick up and make a sequel series.

Gogmazios: You're welcome!

Grimnosh: yeah, Wade almost never calls in his favors, but he always gets them answered.

GideonBlackthorn: Read on and find out!

.

And now, a moment of silence. For our dear missing reviewers.

TheDancingLeaf

And

Cassnova5424

They have not commented in months, and are dearly missed.

F for Fox in the reviews for our missing friends.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Dallon House, Saturday, October 16th, 4:30pm-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Kitsu, I'm calling in one of my favors." Wade says in a deathly serious tone. "I'm sending you and your family tickets to Hawaii."

…

"Okay I'mma need you to run that back on me." I mentally reel from blind shot I just took. "Come again?"

He just called. I mean, who starts a phone call like that? Wade's been watching too much Mission Impossible.

"One of the Chicago Wards went MIA on the coast of Kauai." Wade continues. "Myrrdin is paying me to locate her, and I'm running into a lot of road blocks on my end."

"Wade, I get you take your side job seriously but- hang on." I say as I put him on hold and reactivate my stream. "Sorry about that you fleas, but something's come up and I'll need to reschedule. Bye!"

Not caring to check the chat, I turn off the stream and go back to Wade.

"Okay where was I? Oh right. I can't just uproot and travel to the opposite end of the country. Practically the other side of the world at the drop of a hat." I tell him as I start pacing back and forth from my door to Amy's door. "I have a life here, one that includes school, a girlfriend, a family and even a Vicky."

She's good for makeup. Dean buys her the good brands.

"Kitsu, you owe me. Several times over." His voice goes uncharacteristically harsh. "I'm cashing it in and if I need to I'll cash in more."

I click my tongue as I lean to one side. Hand on my hip as I tap my foot in thought.

"I'd love to, Wade." I shrug. "But my tail is tied. It's not up to me it's up to-"

Click.

"-Rude." I scoff at the phone. Heading to my room and deciding to burn the day by abusing my limited phone time privileges with some anime.

Getting past my door, I stretch my arms above my head. Then, putting a little power into my legs, I leap forward and plop face first on my bed.

"Kitsu!" I flinch, my back and tail going straight as I hear Mom shout my name.

"I didn't do it!" I push up and shout back reflexively.

"Get down here!" She shouts anyway, not believing me for some reason.

"Why don't you come up here!?" I say stupidly, panicking as I try to think of what I could've done in the past twenty four hours to get me in trouble.

"If I have to go up there to get you then you can forget about the photoshoot or being allowed to go trick or treating!" She shouts back. "Now get down here!"

'Not my candy!' I think in horror at the aspect of not being able to pilfer as many diabetes sticks as possible.

I get up and push off the bed. Taking a breath, I summon an illusionary mirror and check my reflection. Getting ready to put on my cutest I'm sorry face. Will it work? Not on Mom. But it might work on Dad and get him to intervene.

'And hug your tail.' I think to myself as I quickly check my appearance. 'Good enough.'

Quickly running down the stairs, I make it into the dining room where Mom has made a makeshift home office to do her work. Said worker giving me an annoyed glare as she stands in the middle of the room with her hand on her hip, right hand up and holding her phone.

"Care to tell me why I have an info broker bribing me to go to Hawaii?" She asks in a soft voice that promises nothing but pain for me.

'Damnit Wade!' I mentally curse.

"Uh… no?" I say precariously, then turn and bolt as soon as I see her face grow a shade deeper. "Daddy! Help!"

I run into the hall, through the living room where Amy is still watching TV. And hook a left into the kitchen, where Dad is not.

"Kitsu!" I hear Mom following after me.

"Kitchen." Amy rats me out.

"Aaah!" I scream in panic as I race into the downstairs bathroom and lock the door. Before crawling onto the toilet and the opening then window above said toilet as a back up escape in case she has keys.

"Kitsu you better open this damn door!" Mom yells as the doorknob wiggles furiously.

"I'm naked!" I shout as I look out the window and spot Dad in the back yard.

I kind of panicked and ran in here on a whim. Fully expecting Dad to be in the kitchen.

"If you are then you better bet that your phone is gone!" Mom says. "Do not think for a second that nudity will save you young lady, now who are you talking to!?"

Out of context that sentence is horrifying.

"Ish sprieken ingles nicht!" I shout in broken German as I crawl out the window and drop into the back yard. Where I land on my hands and knees. Looking up and spotting Dad roasting hot dogs over a fire just as I recognize the scent of cooking meat.

"What did you do this time?" He asks with a flat look.

'Now's your chance!' I tell myself. 'Take it you fool!'

"Uh…" I get up and give him my cute little girl look, hugging my tail and everything. "Nothing~, what are you doing?"

'You know.' Another part of my panicked mind speaks up. 'Depending on how this turns out, this could become a cautionary tale on the dangers of doubling down!'

I hate how my mind will get snarky with me.

"Barbeque." He says, putting down a poker with a hotdog on it as I hear the door to the bathroom open in the house behind me and Mom run in.

"Kitsu!" Mom yells from the small window behind me. "Get back in here right now or so help me god!"

It is now, that I realize.

I fucked up.

"Help!" I run towards Dad with my arms outstretched. "She's gone mad! It must be a master or a tinker device!"

I glomp onto him and shuffle behind the man, forcing him to be a meat shield between me and the angry woman's direction.

"Okay, seriously." Dad says as he stumbles to keep his footing while I hide behind him.

"It's true!" I whine. "She just started yelling at me and being mean!"

I cautiously peek from behind his legs, keeping my eyes on the backdoor in anticipation. Fearful of the incoming Endbringer.

And lo and behold.

"Kitsu!" She says as she marches out the backdoor with a red face. "Get out from behind your father and stand in front of me young lady!" She says as she stops halfway.

Young Lady is her equivalent of pulling the full name on me. You know what I mean.

"Move forward." I whisper as I nudge him.

"Oh no." He gives a nervous chuckle and steps away from me to grab a poker and stoke the bonfire. "You're on your own here- and I just shoved my hotdog in ash… great."

He sighs, completely unconcerned as he grabs the hotdog and pulls it off. Tossing it in the fire and grabbing another from an opened pack on the edge of the fire pit.

"How could you-" I start.

"Three!" Mom calls out, and I run over to stand in front of her. Where she grabs me by the ear!

"Hey, hey! Ow!" I cry out as she drags me back to the house. "This is uncalled for! Abuse! Ow!"

"You want to talk about uncalled for?" She hisses as she pushes me forward into the house, letting go of my ear. "Me getting a phone call from a kid in Chicago, trying to bribe me to go to Hawaii. And then having to chase you through the house! What were you thinking!?"

"You seemed mad." I defend weakly as I nurse my ear.

"And you thought making me chase you all over the place would make me less mad?" She leans down and whispers harshly.

I don't answer her as I keep my eyes to my fluff. Having greatly underestimated her irritation as I hold my tail. More out of insecurity than trying to be cute this time.

"Answer me young lady." Mom says sternly.

I can't think of anything to say. So, I just stand here awkwardly as she waits. Before I end up flinching when she sighs. Expecting a verbal lashing and maybe a slap.

Not that I think she'll hit me like that! But she seems mad enough to.

"Phone." She holds her hand out. "Now."

'Yeah, that's fair.' I think to myself as I reach into my pocket and set it in her hand.

"Password." She demands.

"What!?" I look up to her in disbelief as she keeps my phone open on the lock screen.

"Password, now." She repeats. "You don't want to tell me what's going on, that's fine. I'll find out myself."

"You promised you'd never go through my phone!" I protest, and jump up to reach my phone. Using my powers to grab it, only for Mom to refuse to let it go.

I have, pictures on there! Not that I send them to anyone or anything, but I like to make sure I look good. And, I like taking pictures.

Don't judge me!

"Then tell me what the hell is going on!" She demands as she holds onto the phone. "And knock it off!" She swats my hands.,

"Fine!" I say as I pull back. "It was Wade! I owe him a few favors and he's trying to cash one in!"

"Who the hell is Wade?" Mom asks, and slaps my hands off my phone.

"He's no one bad! He's just an info broker." I admit. "You might know him by the name Comms Guru. He has a long standing contract with Myrrdin."

"And why haven't I heard of him from you before now?" She asks, crossing her arms and looking down on me.

… Not that it means anything. Everyone older than me looks down on me.

"Well it's not like it's something that just comes up in conversation." I mutter.

Mom, still red faced, points down the hall.

"Go to the dining room and sit." She says.

"What about-"

"Don't push me right now." She glares. "And go!"

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

'Fuck!' I rub my temples as she runs off. 'It's Vicky all over again.'

"I'm getting too old for this." I groan as I take a deep breath to calm myself down. And begin pacing back and forth in the hall. Kitsu's phone still in my hand as I press my fingers to my temples.

I thought my days of parenting overactive and stubbornly independent girls was ending. Instead it seems I signed a renewal!

Ring!

I flinch at the sudden noise and look down to the phone in my hand. The ringing pink brick seeming to burn a hole on my hand. The caller I.D. reading Wade.

Taking a breath. I answer the phone.

"Hello?" I say.

"Brandish?" The voice of the adolescent boy comes through loud and clear. "I suppose that's good. Are you ready to hear me out?"

"That depends." I say, mentally preparing myself for the worst. "What does Kitsu owe you a favor for?"

"For this one? Erasing twelve different felonies from ever being placed on her." He answers.

That means nothing to me. She already had a litany of charges against her. From burglary, felony trespass, to grand theft auto. And if I'm being honest? Felony doesn't mean a whole lot. All it means is a crime with a sentence of a year or more in prison. You can get that for stealing a slice of pizza three times in some states. Which knowing Kitsu, that's likely what she did.

"Alright. First, tell me why I should even entertain the idea of uprooting my family for an undisclosed amount of time to an island halfway around the world." I say seriously. "And then I'll hear out on why I should leave my job under the same pretense and why I shouldn't just report you."

Not that I think reporting a tinker would do any good. If you could report them so easily then Toybox wouldn't exist.

"You have no current contracts at the moment. And if you do this, I'll owe you." He says.

Putting aside the fact he knows I'm between cases right now.

"That's a promise, not a reason." I point out.

"Fair enough. How about this, in a show of good faith. I'll erase the video of Manpower pressing the button." He says, causing me to freeze.

"You're bluffing." I call him out.

"My tinker specialty is in programming and communications technology. Setting a feeder virus out into the internet is easy for me. I've done it enough times that I can make one right now in two minutes." He claims. "I can't get rid of anything on any closed systems. But give it time, and Manpower's moment of weakness becomes hearsay."

'Don't do it Carol.' I tell myself as images of Neil and his family being left destitute by the allegations. Neil losing his job, Sarah becoming the sole provider. The movement being pushed back another decade by the scandal. 'If it ever got out, that's your career and the movement.'

"And how do I know you are who you say you are?" I ask tentatively.

"You can ask Dragon." He says. "Shouldn't the fact I know you're between cases be enough? This also isn't the first time I've helped you."

"And what is that supposed to mean?" I ask as I feel my blood run like ice in my veins.

"Well I'm not supposed to do this." The ice turns solid as I hear Dragon's voice.

The same voice that guided me and John to the boat graveyard.

.

.

-Arcadia High, Monday, October 18th, 12pm-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

I sigh as I close my locker. And rest my head against the cool, painted metal as I groan. Tired from everything.

Turns out skipping a grade does not excuse you for minor things you miss. Like negative exponents and other stupid maths I'll never use in life. Heck , if I just keep at my career with the PRT I can have people do all the math stuff for me!

'You're sounding like mom.' I feel a small bubble of irritation rise up in me.

I should probably move on before I miss lunch. Or get in trouble for loitering in the halls.

I let out a tired sigh as I push off the locker and turn around. Catching just the barest hint of golden fur out the corner of my eye and the faint smell of strawberry shampoo.

"Behind you!" I hear her whisper.

Turning around, I watch as my girlfriend walks in the opposite direction towards the main foyer. Having gotten done with her only class for the day and heading home.

My eyes wander for a few seconds as I watch her go. Noticing she's putting an exaggerated sway in her steps. Likely to further get my attention. And after a long day? I quickly look back and forth down the hall, and upon not seeing anyone. I fall in step behind her.

"Hmm?" Her right ear perks up as she turns around and spots me a mere three feet behind her. Where I take a big step forward and grab her by the shoulders, pulling her into the tightest hug I can manage.

"Rmm?" She mutters against my chest, before returning the hug and nuzzling against me. Doing the thing she does where she pauses and sniffs me. Then, tilting her head up and smiling at me.

Feeling mischievous, I turn her and I corner her against the lockers. Putting a hand up to support myself and keep her from escaping as I leer down at her.

"Hey there stranger." Kitsu gives a shy smile. An adorable blush growing on her face as her tail swishes against the lockers behind her, knocking a few of the locks back and forth. "Can I help you?"

'God that sounds so corny.' I hold back a giggle.

"Yeah, you can tell me where you got so cute." I recite the pick up line I read online. Holding back the cringe I feel trying to force its way through to my face.

The cute girl's reddening face and swishing tail helps.

"I uh, I think I should warn you." Her voice cracks a little. "I-I have a girlfriend. In case you didn't know."

'This is so dumb!' It takes a lot out of me to focus on not laughing.

"Something tells me she doesn't mind you talking to me." I say as I bring my free hand over to hold her by the small of her back. "And something tells me you like it."

"Mrrrrrmmmm!" She clenches her eyes shut with a squeal as her tail swishes up a storm. Face redder than an apple.

Taking advantage of the moment of solitude, and her current state of being flustered. I pull her towards me, chest to chest as our lips smash together. Making my girlfriend throw her arms around my neck and lean into the kiss.

"Mwah." I pull back, enjoying her embarrassment and unable to keep the no doubt dopey grin off my face. "See? Seems to me like you like this."

"Mrrrmm!" She squeals, trembling in my arms before stomping her foot. "When did you get to be the suave one?"

"When you decided to be so fun to tease." I tease her.

"Well that's not my fault." She pouts playfully as she looks up to me. Separating with a huff as she crosses her arms, but can't keep the smile off of her face.

"Well it has to be someone's." I brush a lock of hair behind my ear as I lean in and whisper. "And it's not mine." I leave a small kiss on her nose.

She tilts her head up quickly and blows. Making me flinch back and turn away to sneeze as air shoots straight up my nostrils.

"Ugh!" I cover my nose. "You're such a little brat!" I can't help but laugh out.

"Hey!" We freeze and turn our heads to the end of the hall towards the art teacher, Mr. Callies as he leans out of his classroom.

Me and Kitsu stare at him with wide eyes. Realizing that we got caught.

"You." He points to Kitsu. "Home, shoo. You have one class here, you." He points to me. "Go to lunch."

He heads back into his class. Leaving me red faced and mortified as I contemplate which hole I should crawl into to die. Currently banking on Winslow, but I think I can do better than that gang recruitment facility.

"Well, um." Kitsu is the first to break the silence. "So uh, see you later?"

"Uh, sure." I say awkwardly and start walking away.

"Oh!" She appears in front of me with a gust of wind. "I almost forgot to mention, we uh, we as in everyone in the house. We're heading out of town for a bit."

"What?" I feel part of my brain stumble a bit, having not expected that.

"Now suffer in curiosity." She grins deviously, leaping up to leave a soft kiss on my cheek before disappearing in a gust of wind as she super speeds down the hall.

…

"I'll just ask Vicky at lunch." I shrug and turn around.

.

.

-Arcadia High, Monday, October 18th, 12:30pm-

.

.

I set my tray down at the end of the table next to Amy and listen in to the current conversation.

"Can we not?" Dean asks tiredly as he looks to Chris.

"Just saying." He puts his hands up and goes back to his food.

"What'd I miss?" I ask Amy.

"Something something Dean wants to move out of state." She says as she pokes her mashed potatoes.

"Not even close." Dean looks over with a look of disbelief.

"That's what I heard." Amy shrugs and takes a bite of her food.

"That's some wild selective hearing." Dennis says from besides Chris.

Amy shrugs.

"Nothing." Dennis tries to get a response. "No snark or sass?"

"Nnnope." She says as she digs into her food.

"Guys I think Amy's broken." Dennis says with a serious face. "Or… fixed?"

"Where's Vicky?" I ask as I look around the cafeteria, not seeing the blonde anywhere.

"Don't know." Dean says, poking at his green beans. "She was supposed to be here by now, but I'm thinking she got caught up in the halls."

"Just going to ignore me?" Dennis says. "Yeah that's okay. I'm used to it. Just let me rot you heartless bastards." He fake sniffles.

"Do it over there." Amy makes a shooing motion with her fork. "Don't need your stench getting any worse."

I flinch as Dennis slaps the table and claps.

"There she is!" He points at Amy victoriously. "Knew the queen of snark was in there."

"If that name sticks." Amy points her fork at Dennis. "I will make you bald."

"And give him a soul?" Chris says, earning an awkward look from everyone else at the table. "Because, he won't be a red head then? And… you know the whole joke… with redheads?"

'Just stop.' I want to say out loud, but don't feel like I can. Not as Missy anyway.

"This is why I'm the funny one." Dennis leans over and whispers loudly.

"You try." Amy says with a comforting tone. "And that's all we can ask, is for you to stop."

If Amy wasn't firmly batting for the other team, I could totally see her and Dennis be a thing.

"Vicky!" Dean says loudly as I look over and see said Dallon sit between Dean and Amy. Vicky's friends Chelsea and Rachel taking seats on the other end of the table. "We were just talking about you."

Vicky looks… like a mix of frustrated and tired as she sets her tray down.

"Whatever it is, Kitsu did it." Vicky says.

"And you say she's not family." Rachel says with a roll of her brown eyes.

"Okay Rache, you're on my last nerve." Vicky says.

'Is everyone in a bad mood today?' I look between Dean, Amy and Vicky. 'What happened?'

"I'm just saying that." She pauses as she looks to me. "Never mind."

'Huh?' I squint my eyes in suspicion. 'What was that about?'

"Stay out of it Rachel." Chelsea grumbles as she pokes her green beans. "It's not our business."

"She deserves to know." I think Rachel says back to her in a quieter but equally harsh whisper.

"What is-"

"It's nothing." Vicky quickly interrupts and looks to me with a forced smile. "What's up new girl?"

"Oh, um… I was just wondering what was going on with you going to Hawaii?" I ask.

"What the hell?" Chelsea asks. "You're going to Hawaii?"

"Am I invited?" Dennis pipes up while Dean leans over and whispers something with Vicky.

"Missy, who told you I was going to Hawaii?" Vicky asks with a strained smile as she leans forward.

"Um, K-Kitsu?" I say, realizing where I might have messed up. "I uh, I overheard her talking about Hawaii in the hall is all. Was uh, I, am I wrong?"

"I fucking called it!" Rachel suddenly announces. Throwing her utensils onto her tray. Leaning forward and pointing an angry finger at Vicky. "I told you!"

"And I'm telling you to drop it!" Vicky shouts back. "Because it's not true!"

"So Kitsu is just casually talking to herself about taking a vacation and only Missy heard it?" Rachel says.

"YES!" Vicky throws her hands up. "She's weird! She does weird things all the time! She poses in front of the mirror and talks to herself she's so weird."

'Is that weird?' I think to all the times I hype myself up in the mirror before a date. 'Wait no, not important. Why do I feel like I'm missing something important?'

"Dean I'd take a strong look at who you're dating." Rachel's face scrunches up with an annoyed smile as she gathers her stuff. "Because someone clearly doesn't care for loyalty!" She gives me a glare.

"What did I do?" I ask while returning the glare.

"Don't act so innocent." She gives me a dirty look. "Or do you want to explain what you were doing? You know what? No, you know and should be ashamed of yourself. Think of how Vista will feel once she finds out."

"Pfft!" Amy spews out her food.

"W-whay Iyai, what do you mean?" I stutter out.

"Coming!" Dennis suddenly gets up with his tray and leaves.

"I should uh, I should go." Chris also gets up. "He's my ride, you understand."

"Plausible deniability." Chelsea suddenly gets up.

"Huh?" My heart thuds as I look around, confused at the rapid course of events that just went down.

Rachel just rolls her eyes and leaves. Leaving me, Amy, Dean and Vicky on one side of the table.

"Sup nerds." Carlos says as he sits down across from Dean. "What'd I miss?"

I wish I knew!

.

.

-Dallon House, Tuesday, October 19th, 12:40am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Let's see here." I say as I rummage through the suitcase I packed. My phone against my head as I talk to Missy while packing.

Underwear, check, one piece swimsuit, check, two piece swimsuit, check, moisture resistant makeup I stole from Vicky, check.

Dean will just get her more.

"And I just wanted to clarify a few things." Missy says seriously.

"Should I have a witness present for this?" I jokingly say as I fold some of my clothes and reorganize the suitcase.

"So, I heard a few things in the locker room." She starts off, ignoring my joke and causing me to pause in confusion. "And I want to make sure you know, I am not okay with you seeing other people out of state."

My brain pulls to a full stop as she says that. And I have to put my 'What Does The Fox Say?' shirt down to give this my full attention.

"I'm sorry what?" I say, letting the shirt fall back into my lap.

"I just thought it was a boundary that needed to be set." She defends herself nervously, speaking in a way that makes me picture her twirling a phone cord nervously.

"And what brought that up?" I ask, still not seeing the connection.

I mean, yeah we're exclusive. Duh. I have nothing against polygamous or open relationships, but I think it's safe to not assume yours is one of those. Also, I'm selfish and petty. Until one of us decides she's not, Missy is mine.

"Well, some girls were talking and one of them was upset. It turns out she broke up with her boyfriend who's on the basket ball team." Missy starts.

"Wait!" I stop everything I'm doing and grab my phone from between my head and shoulder to hold it properly. "We have a basketball team? What's the mascot?"

"Um, it's a blue jay." She says.

"Lame!" I announce and put the phone back on my shoulder. "Okay you were saying?" I say as I pack more stuff.

Polaroid camera I borrowed from the unsorted junk in the garage. Check. My, special books, check.

What? Not like they'll miss it.

"So, it turns out some people think that if it's over state lines then it doesn't count. And I feel it's important that we just, settle this here." She continues her point. "Before something happens."

"What do you think I'd do?" I chuckle as I tuck away the romance novel I'm reading. Not wanting to lose my place by not reading for long enough. "Missy?" I say after noticing her silence.

"Kitsu, you've murdered people in front of me." She says softly.

"Yeah, that's death. Not life." I roll my eyes. "Totally different things."

"Just say you won't." She says.

"I promise I won't give another access to my kisses." I think of the most cringe way to agree with her. "You're cute when you're insecure, you know that?"

"You know, on second thought maybe I'll just join you." She says.

"How are you-" click! "Bye? Hmm." I shrug and let the phone fall to the ground while I close my suitcase.

Ring!

I look down as the phone starts ringing. Picking it off the ground checking the I.D. I go ahead and answer it.

"PanPan!" I say excitedly.

"Why the hell do you have my phone?" Vicky's voice comes through the device.

"This isn't my PanPan." I say in a mildly frustrated voice before hanging up. Going back to my suitcase, before remembering. "Should I bring my recording equipment?"

Ring.

Second verse, same as the first. I pick up the phone and answer.

"PanPan!" I say cheerfully.

"You're going to put that on my tombstone, aren't you?" Amy sighs.

"Only if you die." I say honestly.

"What do you… Nope. Don't care." She says. "What are you doing with Vicky's phone?"

"Wouldn't you like to know." I say with a smile as I lean forward and lay on the floor on my belly.

"I actually don't care." She admits.

"Then why are you calling me?" I ask.

"Because, no, no I haven't."

"What?" I ask. "Did you just, not call? Is this a dream?"

"No it's, I've got two people in my ear right now!" Amy shouts.

"Should probably see a doctor for that." I snicker.

Click.

"Pah hah haha!" I roll to my side, slapping my suitcase as I laugh at my own stupidness. Then do a lazy and roll back onto my front. Annoyed at how my chest makes this uncomfortable, I spin myself over and rest my chin on the suitcase.

'Life is good.' I smile.

Ring.

"Hello?" I answer the phone.

"Do you enjoy testing my patience?" Mom says, making me flinch as a pit grows in my chest. "Put Vicky's phone on the counter before I add another month to your grounding."

"Yes ma'am." I get up. Mentally cursing out the snitch as I rush out of my room.

.

.

-4 hours later-

.

.

"I'm all packed!" I run into the kitchen and announce as I hold my suitcase above my head.

Mom and Dad look at me as I enter. Taking in all my glorious cuteness as I stand before them. Dad pausing his stirring of a pot, and mom stopping her daily intake of sustenance.

"Kitsu, what the hell?" Mom sighs as she sets her fork down, having been snacking on a leftover piece of steak.

Which is weird considering Dad's cooking. Chicken Alfredo by the smell.

"What the Hayaiyell, I mean Hawell! I mean blah!" I set the suitcase down and take a breath. "Ha-why-ee! Hawaii! That, the place. I'm ready."

Mom and Dad look between each other. Their eyes giving off an air of concerned parent mixed with annoyed parent.

I'll let you guess who's who.

"Kitsu." Mom starts. "You know that's not until next week, right?"

"What? No." I tilt my head in confusion. "It's Tuesday."

"Next Tuesday." Dad says and points to my suitcase. "And is that my suitcase?"

"No." I say and turn to Mom. "This Tuesday."

"Why is that a defining point?" She challenges. "The tickets are for next Tuesday."

"But, because." I look down to the leather, I think, suitcase. "I already packed my bag."

"You mean my bag." Dad says as he points an alfredo sauce covered ladle at me.

"Why are you so hung up on this?" I gesture to the suitcase with both hands. "There are far more important things to discuss."

"My name is literally on the handle." He gives a flat look.

"There you go, making it all about you." I scoff and cross my arms. "Can you please focus on the issue at hand?"

"The only foot with an issue is bout to be mine when I kick your butt." He says seriously. "Now seriously, put that back where you found it. It was a wedding gift from my father."

"Oh." I concede as I look down to the black case. "Oops."

"Kitsu, you're lucky I'm even entertaining this." Mom says. "And you're lucky I'm not grounding you further for keeping Wade from me."

"Well it's not like he ever came up in conversation." I roll my eyes as I stick my original defense. "Hi! How are you? That's nice, by the way I'm in contact and relatively good friends with one of the most sought after info brokers this side of NATO."

"Drop the attitude young lady." Mom says in a low tone. "You're on thin ice as is and it's not cute."

"Ugh!" I reach down and grab the packed suitcase. "Amy is right, you take everything so personally!" I stomp off out of the kitchen and back to my room.

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

I take a breath and calm myself. Not letting it get to me as she loudly, for her, stomps her feet up the stairs.

"It's just a phase, honey." Mark says as he goes back to the pot. "Vicky went through it too. It'll pass."

"It had better pass soon." I groan, pinching my nose to deal with the headache I feel coming. "She needs to learn I did not take her in just to be sassed. She wants to pull that then she can go to Michael."

Lord knows he hasn't given up. Not if the letters are any indication. Custody inquiries, court ordered mental health screenings, a notice that a social worker will be visiting in a few months.

All of this after Mike sent a letter requesting a meeting. One I ignored.

"You don't mean that." Mark says in a soft spoken tone. "You're just upset and in the moment."

"Stop being right." I sigh as I let my hand fall to the table. "It's making me feel like shit."

I go back to the documents in front of me. The mass of papers doing my frustration and headache no favors. I've been needing to take my work home with me more often than not ever since the incident with the Nine. I let too much pile up and now I'm working off the clock.

Now I have Mike sending social workers my way trying to get legal custody of Kitsu. It won't work, he has no grounds for any accusations after all. But it's wearing thin on my patience. I have the court cases being built up against Neil. And an acting under duress claim won't work since those are limited to loss of life. Once your actions cause the death of another, you're responsible as far as law is concerned.

The evidence can be claimed to be doctored since we don't have access to the original footage. So we can make the argument that it's not possible to prove without a shadow of a doubt. Legally speaking, Neil has nothing to worry about. It's one footage from an untrustworthy source that is known to act against us. On multiple occasions. Carnage targeting Neil sets a precedence for targeted aggression from the Merchants.

But the court of public opinion is going to be a lot harder to appeal to.

Then there's the "trip" to Hawaii. If you can call being bribed to investigate the disappearance of a Ward as a vacation. And that's not including the fact that I have to handle all the paperwork of said vacation for my work.

And that's not even including the fact that The Marquis is still out there. And potentially all of the Birdcage.

"You alright, honey?" Mark asks and I look up to him. Recalling the way I saw him in that storage container. Wires and tubes flowing through his open chest and limbs. Looking like a set piece for Hellraiser.

I stare at him for probably more than would be deemed socially acceptable as he cooks.

"Carol?" He looks over to me as he sets the lid on the pot.

I get up and walk over to him. Ignoring his concerned look as I wrap my arms around him and lay my head on his chest.

I half expect him to say something. To ask what's wrong or accuse me of being mastered. But instead, he just returns the embrace. Resting his head on mine as he rubs my back.

"I get it." He says. "A lot has happened and you've had so much to deal with."

I say nothing. Not trusting my voice and just letting myself be comforted by his reassurance.

"Maybe this trip will be good for you." He suggests softly. "We can send the kids out to explore and just enjoy ourselves. Relaxing at the beach, staying in the hotel room and watching TV while ordering room service all day."

"That sounds beautiful." I sigh into his chest as he starts slowly rocking us side to side. "But if we did that then Vicky might knock over a billboard and say it was Kitsu. And Kitsu might jump in a volcano. Or mobilize the local bird population to unionize."

"Unionized tropical birds?" He chuckles.

"I don't fucking know." I hiss. "Last time I thought I had her figure out she brought the dead back to life. Then turned them into furry."

"Okay." He says conceding my point. "But I feel like one of those is significantly more startling."

"Hey, I'm the smart one." I glare up at him.

"I know, it's why you married me." He smirks, making me feel twenty years younger. "A loving man who can appreciate you in every way." He gives me a comfortable squeeze that really makes me feel like I'm in my teens.

"Hey, no!" I bring a finger up to dissuade his obvious intentions. "… Save it for the hotel room." I say quietly.

"Gladly." He says and pulls me back in for a kiss.

And my mother said we'd be divorced in five years. Good thing I never listened to her.

…

"Oh my god." I pull back as soon as the kiss was about to deepen.

"Oh come on, you've felt it way more." Mark rolls his eyes.

"Not that!" I swat his shoulder. "I just, had a realization."

"What kind?" He asks as I feel the it go down and stop poking my thigh.

"Am I raising the girls to be just like me?" I ask.

"What?" He asks.

"Am I turning into my mother?" I rephrase.

Mark pauses. His body going stiff in other ways than one a moment before.

"Huh!?" He says loudly. "Coming!" He lets go and steps away from me.

"What, I didn't hear anything. Mark!" I call after him.

"Sorry honey, someone's at the door!" He says, now jogging out of the kitchen.

"Mark!"

Krrrrr

I'm stopped in my thoughts as a loud crash sounds out through the house. Loud enough that I can tell it came from far away.

"I didn't do it!" Kitsu shouts from her room upstairs.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus snippet from the future

.

.

Name: Melody

Sex: Female (theoretically variable)

Height: variable, 4'3" average

Weight: variable

Hair color: Blonde (variable)

Eye color: Purple (variable)

Age: [redacted]

Unusual features/markings: Two curled black horns on the sides of her head, snake like eyes, sharp teeth. All variable

Rating: S

Brute 10: high density and durability coupled with high regenerative capabilities and absurd strength.

Changer 12 Extreme Self Biokinesis. Able morph entire body with seemingly no limit. If biologically possible, assume worse. Do not assume biomass is a limiting factor, Melody has shown an ability to defy laws of physics in regards to conservation of mass.

Stranger 2: see rating above.

Mover 8: See rating above.

Thinker: Ability to morph biology gives the individual extra senses.

Trump: Due to relation to [redacted] Melody is speculated to have some form of a yet to be observed trump power.

.

Bio: Meoldy is a [redacted, and as such has a [redacted] sense of morality. Melody seemingly cares little for individuals, only caring for the wider public's attention. Her goals are unknown, but she has been noted to target several capes such as [redacted] and [redacted]. Curiously leaving some of them alive, but [redacted]. Due to the threat she poses, Melody is declared an S class Threat, on par with Nilbog and The Faerie Queen.

Counter measures have yet to be made.

.

.

A/N

CLIFFHANGER!

I iz da evil!

While youz was reading, I STOLE YOUR COOKIES!

…

Please have them back, my phone is blowing up with spam now.

.

Ask me questions!

Visit me on the discord!

Check this out on QQ!

I love community engagement!

…

Please?

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Alduinian, copsoutside and 85 others
Newb to the game
Jun 1, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 86 Onset Destruction New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 12, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,145
A/N Onset Destruction

Alt title: Set To Wipe You Out.

.

.

GideonBlackthorn: Kitsu owes Wade a quite a few favors. And Kitsu beat Behemoth, she didn't end him. People just say she solo'd him because she one shot him into retreating.

RadChaos897: My favorite reviewer!

Kitsu is about as smart as she needs to be. She's just not good with, anything she doesn't explicitly care to know. So yeah, she mixes things up a bit.

You have no idea how many people commented on Leviathan being there in Hawaii. Yet no one commented on the actual island they're going to. I wonder why? It's not just a random island!

Oh, Missy will 100% play herself even further. She's the type to respond to negative comments, and then delete them when she realizes she shouldn't be doing that. So yeah, it's a good thing Vista has a PR Agent. But… Missy doesn't.

Kitsu is too vain to follow Missy into the locker room showers. It takes her an hour to wash her tail there's no way she'd risk ruining it for something mundane.

CANNOT comment on Melody. I will say that between FFN and QQ, a few people guessed right.

Mangouschase: I don't get the reference.

Gogmazios: You're always here to say thanks. Thank you.

Grimnosh: It's not a kidnapping, it's a missing persons. And they've already been missing a while so it's less of a "Find them." And more of a "Find our what happened to them."

Noelle is still a fair bit smaller than when she rampaged in canon. That's mostly due to the timeframe though.

InfiniteShadow3: Oh yeah, Missy and Kitsu's relationship is not the healthiest. Missy is in a "I can change her/I have no one else who likes me" mindset. And Kitsu has a "I have a handful of things I like, you're one of them so I'll try to keep you happy." Kitsu likes Missy, but at the same time Kitsu is a high functioning sociopath. She will or won't do things Missy likes or dislikes, not because she's trying to change but rather to appease her. Kitsu's morality is warped, and Missy is thinking she can fix it.

Miro0815: Neil was definitely put in a trolley problem situation. Which funnily enough, the law says that in that scenario you should do nothing lest you be complicit in any deaths that occur. In other words, duress is only to the point of loss of life. But that being said, Neil is unlikely to be formally charged. There really is no actual evidence. But the court of public opinion doesn't care about that.

And that was Scarecrow's goal. He wants to ruin New Wave's original members. Not get rid of them.

.

The main reason Wade wants Kitsu in Hawaii a week from now, despite it being a missing person. Will be revealed.

.

This chapter may seem shorter, because it was either an 18k chapter, or a few 6k chapters.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-1 hour prior, Abandoned Subway System under the West Slums, Monday, 11pm-

.

.

Francis "Trickster" Krouse POV

.

"She's getting to that point again, Francis." Oliver says as soon as I walk into the hideout.

Because I just love bad news right out the gate.

"Jesus Christ Ollie." I groan as I take my mask off and rub my face. "I just got here, give a man a moment to decompress. Shit."

I reach into my pocket and go for a pack. I sigh to myself, noticing I only have one cigarette left. Setting the cigarette in my mouth and crumpling the now empty pack. Shoving it in my pocket for later as I head to my bug out bag and grab another.

"Francis, I'm sorry I-I can't keep doing this." Oliver starts stuttering nervously as I pocket the fresh pack. Turning to him as I light the cancer stick in my mouth. "I, she, if it were just the mutations and the growths… it'd be fine. I'd be fine! I would. But, the way she looks at me sometimes anymore. Like she doesn't recognize me unless I'm talking."

"Oliver." I pause to let out a breath of smoke. Keeping my gaze level with the eternally shifting man. "You literally change your face with the weather. I mean for fuck's sake your eyes are turning blue as we speak."

He was Asian when he got into K-Pop for a bit. That was weird to adjust to. Not that him being Asian was bad thing. But Oliver is one bout of gender dysphoria away from being a playboy model I swear.

"You know what I mean." He levels a flat stare. "She looks at me like, like I'm a piece of meat."

"Hey, that's still my girlfriend you're talking about." I point my cigarette at him and playfully warn him. "Don't go accusing her of-"

"God dammit Francis!" Oliver yells in my face, shocking me by smacking my cigarette out of my hand. "I'm being serious here!"

He huffs, clearly having forced that out of himself. His face red with anger, but his expression is one of worry. Fear, even. While mine is no doubt one of shock as we stare at each other.

"Please." Oliver says shakily. "I know… you're just trying to deflect. To pretend everything is alright a-and to make everything seem okay. But it's not. Not anymore."

He looks like he wants to say more. But his mouth moves soundlessly as he just, can't seem to get the words out. Or rather he just won't. For whatever reason, deciding not to continue.

"Okay." I swallow the spit that had been pooling in my mouth. "I'll, talk to her. See how it's going."

"That's all I'm really asking." Oliver lets go of a breath he was holding in. His shoulders going slack in relief.

Not that there's anything to really be relieved about.

Me and Oliver stare awkwardly at each other for a bit. Neither of us really wanting to be the first to move. But, nothing'll get done so I step around him. Wordlessly heading further into the abandoned subway. Further away from the rest of the group than we initially had been.

'How bad can it get this time?' I ask myself. My chest growing tight in anticipation of meeting with Noelle. The only answer I get being the echo of my footsteps on the hard concrete ground. Passing our original camp we set up.

Before Noelle hit her most recent spiral. Scaring the others into moving further in and closer to the emergency bug out exit.

Tang!

I freeze as I here the sound of metal bending. The sound reverberating through the tunnel. My eyes snapping to the ceiling as rubble shifts and grains of rock fall around me. I lock up, waiting for… something else to happen.

I eventually steel myself to keep going further down the old dark tunnel. Finding Noelle's room. I feel the pressure of anxiety grow in my head as I want nothing more than to leave and lay down. Let the day pass, go to bed and wake up to a better day.

"Just do it you coward." I tell myself as I reach for the metal door, turning the safe like wheel on the front of the entrance. Forcing the door open, eliciting a squeak from the rusty hinges.

And through the dark, I lay my eyes on the horrid monstrosity of flesh that once was Noelle. No, it still is Noelle. It's just, mostly something else. Something evil and ugly that's taken up space. Like a cancer made into a fucked up power.

"Oliver?" Noelle asks shakily from atop the mound of flesh containing various textures.

"Not quite." I scoff as I lean against the doorframe.

"Franky!" She says more excitedly as she sits up. A light growing in her eyes and a smile on her pale face.

"The one and only." I push off the doorframe and hold my hands out. Giving her a little twirl to show myself off, and finishing with a bow.

"Heehehe." She chuckles over the sound of grumbling and gravel shifting under her immense weight. "You haven't been here in a while."

"That's not true." I shake my head slightly. "We talked just yesterday, remember?"

"No we didn't." She calls my bluff, her stomach growling and causing her to wince under the pangs of hunger.

"Come on, Noelle." I hold my arms out. "We talked about getting some pizza after this is over. You even joked about making me fat. Would I lie to you about that? About me being fat?"

"You lie to me all the time." She says darkly, her voice taking an unnatural edge.

"Only the best of lies." I wink, making her pause and blink as she tries to figure out what I mean.

"I suppose that's true." She says softly as she visibly relaxes and leans forward on her own mound of flesh. "So, what's been going on? You guys don't really tell Ollie anything, and so I don't really know anything."

'That's because we don't want you knowing how up shit's creek we are.' I grimace on the inside.

"To be fair, he never asks." I hold a hand up in my defense. "So if you're gonna chew anyone out for that, save it for him."

I realize my mistake as soon as the words leave my mouth. The mention of chewing having a chain reaction on Noelle's lower half that makes its influence clear as her face darkens. The rumbling hunger cutting through the sound of my own blood pumping in my ears.

"What have you been doing, Francis?" She asks softly. The light leaving her eyes unreflective and soulless as they look through me.

"What do you mean?" I ask with a forced smile. "I've been-"

"Why haven't you done anything?" Noelle cuts me off with her tone monotonous and eerily lacking an echo in this room.

A room she is out growing. When we got here, she was the size of small a van. Now she's nearly the size of a bus. She's getting worse.

And she's getting worse faster.

"I've been working on a few things Noelle." I say as I pull out a cigarette. Only to freeze as the pack is knocked out of my hand before I can finish opening it.

"Y-you know how I hate those things Francis." She says in a shaky voice as a tear trails down her face.

My breath catches in my throat as she moves closer to me. Her body rumbling and squelching as she leans forward. Looking down on me with a face twisted in concern. Eyes clearly red from crying and hair matted from not being kept.

The others are too scared to go near her anymore. Even Oliver won't stay near for too long. And I see why.

No, I already knew why.

"Those things are killing you." She says softly as she reaches out and caresses my cheek. "I… I don't want you hurting yourself like that for me. Not when it hurts you so much."

Her face trembles, the edges of her lips twitching into a shaky smile as she lets out a small laugh. It's a good thing I freeze when I'm scared. Because there's no telling how she'd act if I'd flinched or yelped.

"You always know how to cheer me up Krouse." She says. "Remember the trip to starbucks?"

We never went to a starbucks together.

"The one where we were banned from ever returning?" I chuckle, regaining some nerve to keep myself here as I keep her placated. "Yeah… in my defense that barista was putting on a few pounds."

"Hahahah!" She snorts and giggles, her body writhing under her in some odd facsimile of excitement as she pulls back and covers her mouth. "She was being a total bitch!"

'She's losing it!' My survival instincts scream at me to leave now. Seeing her start to get lost in her own world.

"Yeah, she kinda had it coming." I chuckle with her as I take a step back towards the door. Only for a fucking eye to open up on her lower half, centering right on me and dilating with focus.

'Well fuck me if that isn't new!' I keep my panic to myself.

"She did." Noelle giggles as she covers her face with both hands and laughs. "You really showed her in World of Warcraft. Beat her real good."

Again, that never happened.

"Those were good times." She says as her arms go slack. Her lower half rumbling. "Why haven't we played any games Francis?"

"Well, we've just had trouble getting an ethernet cable down here. Can't really use wifi in-"

"In a cave? In a sewer?" She mutters as tendrils grow up and towards her. "In the dark, always in the dark you don't tell me anything!" She leans forward and screams at me, several mouths screaming in tandem with her as she loses herself. Tendrils shooting up from her waste and covering her in a protective case.

And I book it out of there. Slamming the metallic door and sealing it shut as she slams herself against it. Loud gongs and cracks pass my ears as I seal it and take off. Not trusting the door to hold her for even a minute as I run into the main area where the others are waiting.

"Francis, what's going-" Oliver starts to ask from his seat on a foldable chair.

"Code black! Move!" I shout as I pass the blonde man, slowing down to get a hand under his armpit and force him up. "Go! Go!" I rush towards Jess and pull her out of her wheelchair.

"Ah!" She squeaks as I turn with her in my arms and run while Marissa runs ahead with Oliver, both grabbing the bug out bags. "Already!?"

"Yep!" I grunt as I keep her in a princess carry, my straining under her weight.

This was normally Luke's job. But well, that bastard walked out on us!

"Throw me over your shoulder!" Jess yells over the sound of the collapsing subway tunnels. "It'll be easier for you that way!"

I do so, taking her advice and I do notice the lack of strain on my arms.

"Augh you're shoulders are so boney." She groans.

"Yeah, sorry but I haven't had time to get in my shoulder presses so you'll have to deal." I huff as I try to catch up with Oliver and Marissa.

"Aaaaaauuuuggghh!" Noelle screams an ungodly and horrific sound that's somewhere between a wolf's howl and an elk's screech. And the tunnels behind us shake before collapsing. Cutting her away from us as we flee her rampage.

'This is your fault.' I feel water run down my face as my throat tightens. 'You failed her. You always fail her.'

As the sounds of rubble and screams fade behind me. I can't help but try to ignore my lead feet as I run. Oliver and Marissa already far ahead of me and getting further out of sight. Not bothering to look back and make sure I'm following.

Why would they?

.

.

-Winslow, Tuesday, October 19th, 12:45am-

.

.

Dauntless POV

.

"Dauntless, what the hell is going on down there!?" Assault's voice rings through my helmet.

I pull myself up from the fire escape ladder. Letting out a puff of breath as I jog across the rooftop. Stopping in awe and shock as I gaze down at the monstrosity of flesh and limbs crawling across the streets below.

"There are genuinely no words to describe what I'm seeing." I say into my comms.

"No way as in you can't see? Or no way as in too many words are needed?" Assault asks.

"Uh, think Biblically accurate blobfish on land and make it the size of a bus." I say as the creature crawls across the land, orifices of teeth and limbs of gnarled flesh and warped proportions to human and animal flesh. Luckily it's moving slower than the average person can run. "Or at least how Junji Ito would draw it."

"Too long to describe, is it a person?"

"Maybe?" I say as I feel the urge to run my hands through my hair as the creature is currently just thrashing on the street as it slowly moves east. Wailing and making its arrival very noticeable. The mass of riling flesh making any identifying impossible. "Fuck, is Miss Militia with you?"

"No, she's headed to Winslow with Velocity to make sure the school's cleared out." He says. "Armsmaster is heading to you and you're getting backup from Firebreather and Lady Photon."

"Decent firepower then, yeah." I tell myself as I watch a tendril stretch out and grow into a grotesque abomination of an arm that grows black chitinous plates as it lashes out and swipes at an apartment building. "Fire sounds like what we need right about now."

.

.

Noelle Meinhardt POV

.

'Why won't they move!?' I can't help but grow frustrated at everything in my way as my stomach burns in hunger. 'They know I'm here, can't they see me?'

"Aaaarooooaaah!" A limb roars as it lashes out and sinks its teeth into something wet and juicy. The crunching releasing sweet, delicious satisfaction that fuels my hunger.

Why.

"Fire in the hole!" I hear and look up, seeing an orange blur consume my vision, more limbs of mangled flesh growing from my hips to protect me from the object.

"AAAAAAAGGGHHH!" I cry out in pain as I smell my own flesh broil under the flames. Lashing out and swatting the orange gnat into a building, as my-

'These next gen graphics are amazing!' I can help but marvel as I see the limb grow small hairs that latch onto the orange reptile like enemy. Giving me the ability to make a few imp units to return fire. 'I wish this was multiplayer though, Cody would love this game!'

I start shifting, mixing and burning through my reserves to make a few clones so I can return their attention.

"Aaaahh!" I hiss as the limb is ripped off.

'Shit!' I curse as I realize it's a variable tank, not a flying dps unit. 'How long until those return units are ready? If I stop moving then I can expedite its production but then… why am I moving in the first place?'

My line of thought is cut short as I feel a bruising pain course through my back. Noticing another flyer, this one in a white and purple skin tight suit as she hovers a distance away. I try to send a few tendrils out to swat her and potentially send a few of her out to occupy the more units that are likely to come.

My limbs slither into a nearby store, finding more delicious meat to satisfy my hunger and give me more material to work with as I send out the first clone. A deep red draconic man with black hair, rough and spiky scaled skin with large wings and a thin, spike tipped tail. An improvement to the original in my opinion.

"Alright, looks like it's my time to shine!" He says as he takes flight and targets his blueprint. Catching the original off guard.

'Hell yeah!' I feel the urge to pump my fist in excitement as I watch the two duke it out mid air. 'It's like sending out an evolved pokemon against its pre-evo. I'd feel bad if it wasn't so fun to do.'

Someone stop me.

Please.

.

.

Firebreather POV

.

"What in the freaky friday is this?" I hiss as I dodge a stab from, my tail?

"Come on, you know you're a dumbass but even you can figure out what this is." He grins, showing off sharper teeth than mine. "I mean, I get it's weird talking to the mirror when you're the ugly one."

His hair is black, his scales red and sharp, his wings bigger and his horns curled forwards. And his eyes are black. But other than that and the tail, he's like my twin!

"Stay focused!" He growls, nailing me in the gut with an uppercut.

'Nope!' I mentally recoil as I cough up blood. 'He's a lot stronger.'

"Is this the best you got?" He snarls in my voice. "Cause if so, then I might not bother killing you. Might let you stick around as I rip Crystal in half and break her heart."

"If you're trying to piss me off." I say as I grab his arm and stare into his black eyes. "You'll need to be a bit more creative."

"I don't have to be creative." His grin turns manic. "I'll just do."

His mouth opens and an ungodly green light consumes my vision as my ears ring and everything goes black in a fiery flash of pain.

.

.

3rd person POV

.

The green light consumes the area in a bright light, blinding any looking at it. Before the spots clear from their vision, and only the clone remains in the air. Grinning devilishly as he looks down at an incoming high tech motorcycle.

Soaring down, the clone dives towards Armsmaster. Opening his mouth wide as another green light forms.

Pheeeew! The green orb shoots forward, whistling like a firework while the clone takes a hard turn and pulls up. Nailing the back wheel of Armsmaster's motorcycle as the armored hero ejects from his vehicle. Flipping in the air on the same blast that the clone uses to soar up on the updraft.

"Fire!" Lady Photon calls out, having moved into the area while dodging swipes from the monster as she scans the area where the clone left.

"No dice Lady!" The clone laughs as he twists in the air to face her, taking a sadistic enjoyment in her distressed expression. "No fire here! But you are about to be caught by the Blastzone!" He cackles as his chest and throat glow green before he launches another orb at Lady Photon.

She throws up a forcefield, blocking the initial impact but being thrown back by the blast. Soaring into a building with a sickening crack as her spine hits a windowsill, sending her upper half in before the rest of her. Her back breaking under the sheer force.

"Fuuuuaaaggh!" She shouts in pain as she none the less soars back out. Her eyes honing in on the grinning, now named Blastzone. Keeping the large monstrous flesh monster in her peripherals as she kites around Blastzone. Keeping her distance, she sends out a score of lasers that hit the clone but do nothing more than knock him back a few feet.

Before he laughs and starts pushing back with a flap of his wings. Clearing the distance between the two of them in less than a second. Getting in her face and grabbing her by the throat.

He stalls in midair. Grinning deviously as his large, clawed fingers dig into her flesh. Squeezing slowly as he cuts of her air, and makes to crush her windpipe.

"Grkz cak!" She gurgles while clawing at the scaled arm, only managing to bloody her fingers on his sharp scales.

"Oh I can't wait to see-" He starts, before Sarah raised a bloody hand and blasts a laser in his eyes at point blank. "-Aaah!" He instinctively throws her to the side as he grabs at his eyes. "My eyes! You bitch!"

Blinded by having his eyes pulverized, Blastzone lashes out. Gathering energy in his chest and launching blast after blast in random directions. Only the sound of rubble and explosions reaching his ears as he panics and desperately tries to keep any threats at bay. Before he's stopped in his tracks. A sickening squelch cutting through the sound of his own tantrum, and he reaches down. Feeling his hot blood coat his hands as he grips a pole.

Several yards away, Armsmaster had gotten to a secure vantage point in an apartment building and thrown his halberd in its javelin form. Hitting Blastzone inbetween the muscles of his abs, before recalling it back to his hand with its teleporting feature. Leaving a gaping wound in the clone's gut.

Armsmaster collapses the weapon and holsters it to his back, turning tail and runs into the building's hallway as Blastzone's creator turns its attention on him. He didn't need to see it to know it was chasing him. The sounds of the building he was in steadily collapsing behind him was informative enough.

"Time to give this a shot." He mutters to himself as he activates his suit's newly installed overhaul mode. Inspired by the Blue Blur of Brockton Bay. All power being rerouted to his armor shielding and hydraulics, he charges fast enough to match a low tier speedster as he reaches the end of the hall. Bursting through the wall at the end of the hall, leaping out of the fifth story of the building with the monster crashing through right behind him.

A limp stretches out and goes to swipe Armsmaster, nearly getting him before he's caught. Swept up by an allied flyer. His wings beating harshly to flee the monster and keep Armsmaster safe.

"Fuck you're heavy!" Firebreather curses as he flies a block over, putting two buildings out of sight between them and the monster. Where once a safe distance away, he unceremoniously drops Armsmaster before gracelessly crashing himself.

Armsmaster looks up to his rescuer, and takes in his disheveled state as Firebreather shakily gets to his hands and knees. His left wing torn and bloody, the muscles of his shoulder and left arm exposed to the open air.

"Go home, kid." Armsmaster says. "Or at least sit out until you're healed up."

"Like fucking hell." Fire glares at the experienced hero. Turning his head to reveal the broken horns and missing eye on his left side as the harrowed man stubbornly gets to his feet.

"You're running on pure adrenaline." Armsmaster warns as he turns away from the orange man. "The moment that wears out you're likely to die."

But Firebreather was not listening, and had already taken off back towards the fight.

Back on the main street, the monster known as Noelle was in a full charge. Cutting through a building and devouring people in her path. The monstrosity of various animals forming on it to better help it devour and tear through the building. From a shark head taking place of the wolf, stretching out and snatching victims. Swallowing them whole or cleaving through their bodies. To a malformed and overly muscled giraffe head swinging around on a long neck, its horns acting as a sledge hammer to knock down structures and pulverize the fleeing civilians.

A young man is running, nearly tripping over his own legs in his panic when the horns of the giraffe make contact with his side… and in a blur he appears in a parking lot. Then a woman appears next to him. Then a child, and another man. Soon, people are piling into the lot, all being escorted by a flash of blue light.

.

.

Reginald "A-Train" Franklin POV

.

"Whew!" I come to a stop at the end of the street. Watching the chimera from Hellraiser demo a building and crawl onto the street. Now larger than when it went in. Where it was maybe the size of a bus when I first showed up, now it's a big bus. "Man fuck this city, bro." I can't help but feel my arms and shoulders go slack in sheer, utter exasperation.

I ain't even been up more than an hour! I been done woken up by the sounds of police cars going through my neighborhood a bit ago, and let me tell you. Nothing wakes you up faster than running for dear life.

Having caught my breath. I charge back towards the creature's scene of destruction as the orange lizard dude starts bombarding the thing with waves of fire as it swoops down. Doing barrel rolls to dodge out the way of its freaky limbs.

While I keep out of its way and grabbing the people on the ground. Running them to the parking lot three blocks east and keeping this thing on a diet.

"Shit!" I curse as an arm as long as a streetlamp swipes at me. Forcing me to slide under, across the rough and broken road underneath.

I slide on the limb and roll back to my feet. Picking up my momentum once more as I see a kid being pulled by their arm in one of the thing's many jaws. Tossing the screaming kid up like a piece of popcorn.

Everything happens in slow motion for me as I'm unable to reach the kid. Before I get an idea. A reckless, and very dumb idea. One I don't even realize I'm doing as I just move.

'Come on, you got this!' I hype myself up as I get closer. 'Can't stop, won't stop, don't stop!'

I hurdle jump over a bit of rubble, planting my foot on a larger bit of debris as I leap up. My heart thudding as my momentum sends me rocketing towards the twenty foot tall monster. Everything happening so fast, yet I'm able to keep everything in focus with vivid detail.

"You can't stop the A-Train!" I roar as my blood becomes pure adrenaline. My feet in front of me as I land on the damn thing's side with a sickening crunch. And I run.

I run right up and across its body, feeling bits of its flesh give way under my feet. It's surface caving under my steps like I'm running on a trampoline. Making it to the lip of the open mouth, I leap off it and towards the boy. Forcing its jaw shut with the force of my jump as I reach out and catch the falling kid midair.

"Wooooo!" I yell through my adrenaline rush as I fall with the boy in my arms. The ground quickly approaching, home run just in sight.

Creak

"Ah!" My eyes bulge in response to the pain in my legs. My knees and ankles popping with the force of my decent as I don't quite stick the landing.

'Can't stop!' I grit my teeth and run on burning shins. My vision pulsing in time with my blood as I run. And I run, I run all the way to the lot I was leaving people in. falling to my knees in an exhausted pain as my legs cry for a break.

"Aaaah!" I let out a cry of pain as needles shoot through legs the moment I stop moving.

"Aaaaaaah! Ahahahahaaaa!" The little boy in my arms screams as I let him go and the sounds of everything return to me in full. And I look down to the boy.

Pale and covered in his blood. His arm held on by a few strands of muscle and ligaments.

"Hey!" I shout to the crowd of people roaring in confusion. "HEY! HEY!" I scream my voice raw. "I NEED A DOCTOR! HELP!"

But my voice doesn't get over the crowd. And the boy stops screaming in my arms.

"Fuck!" I slam my fist into the ground. Letting down the boy, pale and cold. Probably no older than twelve. "I'm sorry. I'm, I can't."

With a scream of frustration I get up. And I run, I run right back to the fight.

.

.

-10 minutes later, The Rig-

.

.

Director Emily Piggot POV

.

"You're telling me you have nothing to do with this." I ask the sociopathic blonde tween bio-tinker. Holding up a tablet with live video feed of the monstrosity going on a killing spree in the western part of the city.

It's disturbing how many of those are in the city. It's disturbing that two even exist. Tween sociopathic bio-tinkers that is.

"Nope!" She says cheerfully from her place in the cell, restrained by a straight jacket and stuck in a chair. "Though I kinda wish I did. I mean, how do you even get that many heads to work on a body and have it still move? They have to be empty inside. Or the brain of the creature is compartmentalized similar to an orca's and only one task is ever focused at a time. But even then-"

"Just keep her talking." Head researcher Jamez says next to me, just out of sight of the serial killer. "Even if she didn't make it, her insight might prove something invaluable."

"-But that's just a theory. I little guessy-guess." She giggles. And then looks directly at me, and stops. "You don't get it."

"I don't." I admit.

"Watch a movie once in a while. Jeez you're no fun." She puffs out her cheeks. "When do I get to meet with sissy, or talk to Mr. Jack?"

"Jack Slash is still on the run." I lie to her. "And Kitsu has yet to reach out to you, and we've had a lot on our plates. Like now."

It's a delaying tactic, I know. We can't very well admit that Jack Slash was found dead in an alley somewhere in the slums, and I'll swallow the barrel of a gun before I allow Kitsu to meet with Bonesaw.

For one, I don't think I could get her to do so. For two, I can guarantee that meeting won't end well.

"I'm bored!" Bonesaw yells out.

"I'm sorry to hear that." I say as I go to another angle of the live feed. Which immediately catches her attention like jingling keys.

"Ooh! Is that, huh." She tilts her head and tries to lean forward. "Bring that closer."

"You can see it from here." I say from the interrogation window where I'm not even five feet from her.

"Then zoom in! Jeez you can't even think to- augh!" She puffs out her cheeks, before sighing. "I'm sorry, that was rude. Can you please zoom in on the top of the image?"

Everyday her moodswings get more frequent. She claims it's because she doesn't have access to her equipment. But I can't very well trust her word on that.

Regardless, I do so. And zoom in on the image. Watching as she leans forward as much as she can, squinting her eyes to get a better look. A moment later her mismatching eyes go wide in recognition and she trembles in her restraints.

"Ooh! Ooh!" She almost bounces in her seat. "You have to let me out, like, right now now."

"And why would I ever do that?" I scrutinize the eternal twelve year old.

"Because, I know how to handle that creature." She says.

"Then why not tell us." I challenge the serial killer.

"Because then I wouldn't get anything I want?" She rolls her eyes. "I mean, not to sound rude but duh."

The way her and Kitsu speak and act are so disturbingly similar, words will never do justice. The cold, distant eyes that seem to focus on a million things yet nothing at all. And the callous disregard for life in general, like death has no consequence.

And the worst part, is that it doesn't. Not to them. Bonesaw has, on multiple occasions, resurrected the dead into some twisted facsimile of life. And the living proof of Kitsu's inability to comprehend mortality is living on the base.

"Anything you'd say in regards on how to stop it?" I ask.

"Nope!" She says with a smile. "Not unless I can get a strawberry smoothie."

Exact, fucking same. They are the same person.

"We'll see about that." I say as I remove the tablet from the window.

"And not the cruddy ones from the cafeteria here!" She says as I stand up. "I want one from McDonalds."

"We're done here." I say as I walk away from the interrogation window.

"You know my-" Her voice is cut off by the blast shield shutting.

Personally, I'd have gassed the room and ended her. But we don't know what all she has going on inside her. And I've been "gently informed" that turning her into an asset should be a priority.

"Ma'am." Head Researcher Jamez says as he keeps pace with me. "Looking over the creature, it's clear it has biomorphing capabilities. I understand prioritizing evacuation but why are we not calling in a possible Endbringer threat?"

"Because an Endbringer level threat implies that we are entirely incapable of handling the situation and that the entirety of the PRT's resources are insufficient."

"But our resources here are insufficient." The dark skinned man says. "I understand not calling in Kitsu, two bioshifters in one spot is… not ideal. But you're actively holding back and not-"

"If I pull teams from the slums, the Merchants and Teeth will destroy the place. If I pull anyone from the south then the ABB are likely to reestablish footholds in the warehouses." I explain. "And that's not even counting the remnants of the Empire and the vacuum that's still in place and only being held off by the presence of one little girl in the city."

"And that very same little girl is easily bribed into-"

"Jamez." I turn to the man with a stern glare. Silencing the parahuman obsessed man. "I will not risk our safety net for something unless we need it."

"Safety net?" He raises a brow.

Brockton Bay, is one of the top ten cities at risk for an Endbringer attack in the next ten years. And I have no interest of removing either of our Endstoppers if I have to. Lung maybe, but only if he forced the situation.

"In case of a real threat." I say cautiously. "And that's all I'll say on the matter."

"Real threat, what could be a bigger threat than- no." Jamez figures out what I mean.

"Go back to your lab, Jamez." I order him, not entertaining this conversation any further. "If things are getting desperate, we'll call her."

I only hope this doesn't get to that point. But the practical part of me knows we're one PRT casualty from running out of excuses.

.

.

-Meanwhile, Dallon House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Sweet little bumblebee~ I know what you want from me~" I sing into the mic in the middle of my room to an audience of over five hundred thousand. "Doo-bi-doo-bi~ doo-da-da~ Doo-bi-doo-bi~ doo-da~"

I take a few breaths as I finish the song and dance. Doing a little midnight stream for the night owls because I couldn't sleep. Not after the disappointment of no trip this morning, and the big boom that happened a bit ago.

It's not my problem. If they need something, they'll call me… somehow.

"Haaaaah!" I throw my head back and exhale before trudging back over to my computer and switching to my desktop cam. "Okay, what's next?"

"Do Barbie Girl by Aqua, would be cute." A superchat goes off.

"Okay, I haven't heard that one before so I…" I mutter mindlessly as I type it into Google and see the lyrics for-… "Okay Mods! Swat this flea!"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Kitsu members stream, Just Chattin, I dunno.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Yeah this week was pretty chill all things considered." I say as I click through my schedule, adjusting a few things to make up for the lack of ability to get new games. Pushing my karaoke streams up and pushing the gaming streams back. Might do a Let's Watch stream soon. Diversify my content… and get paid to watch movies.

"Shouldn't you be in school right now?" I read a few chats that roll past.

"School?" I narrate the context for lurkers and the people on youtube who'll see this later. "I only go to school for history."

I look at the online price for Call of Duty Black Ops 2. And a thought comes to mind.

"Can I get away with slipping a charge directly to my checking account?" I think to myself out loud. 'I mean, I'd just have to make sure I got to the mail before Mom or Dad. Mostly Mom.' I finish the thought in my mind.

"Aren't you like, eleven?" A superchat goes off.

"Calendar wise?" I pause and put my head in my hand. "I'm a little over thirteen. Biologically? I'm twelve and a half."

A sleuth of comments go by at that. Most of them asking for clarification, and a fair few calling me a liar. But a few get my attention.

"Birth day?" I tilt my head in thought. "I'mma Case Fifty Three. We don't get birthdays so much as we do pop in days. Like we just, pop! Here we are!" I raise my hands high and spin in my chair. Letting myself go weee a few times before stopping back at my desk. "But yeah, my birthday would technically be the ninth of May."

"Would it not be the day you debuted?" A chat goes off.

"No?" I raise a brow. "Why would it be? Do you think I'm not real?"

That invites a whole mess of chatters to chime in. Adding their two sense into an argument they start amongst themselves on whether I'm a real person or not.

"Of course you're real in hearts!"

"Bruh, she's literally solo'd Behemoth."

"There's no such thing as a cute Case 53 they're all monsters."

"Guys a quick google search will tell you she's real!"

"The real Kitsu would kill this poser before livestreaming."

"Everyone knows case fifty threes arent real. This just a cape with good iklusions"

"You're real in our hearts Kitsu!"

"I swear to god, some of you are flat earthers." I groan into hand as they argue over whether I'm real.

'To be fair, the number one power I use on my streams are my illusions.' I consider.

"It's a good thing Vista isn't in this chat." I chuckle.

"I am, just enjoying the show." I see her PRT account name scroll by.

"Is that my little Veevee!" I squeal and hold my hands out towards the camera as though to invite her to a hug. "Why didn't you say something sooner you little lurker! Chat say high to the wifey!"

"Ah yes, the diversity"

"Hi Vista!"

"Hi Vista!"

"Aloho to the Vista!"

"Vista? I hardly know her!"

"Hi Vista!"

"Hello keeper of the fluff."

And so on. Prompting Missy to log sign out.

"Aww she left? She's just being shy." I hold my cheeks and gush at her bashfulness. "She is not like this in private."

And a new user to pop in. MissXthePurple. Missy's alt account.

She does this so I can't call her out directly.

"I mean, she's normally all cheesy pick up lines and hugs." I gush, knowing it's still getting to her. "Like it's adorable. She be brushing my tail and just hit me with a pick up line and start cuddling me to keep me from running away from her vicious grip of love. I swear, sometimes she only wants me for my tail."

"Don't we all?" MissXthePurple sends a superchat.

"What is that supposed to mean?"

.

.

A/N

And thus, Kitsu played the fiddle while Brockton Bay burned.

…

At least until her favorite pizza place gets destroyed. Then she'll burn the place down herself.

.

The most annoying part of these? Research.

I originally had a Game Theory reference in this chapter, but I went back and found the Game Theory didn't post its first video until 2011.

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
Last edited: Jul 12, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Alduinian, chikenman01 and 80 others
Newb to the game
Jul 12, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 87 Into the Black Mirror New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Jul 22, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,170
A/N Into The Black Mirror

Alt title: Self Reflection

.

.

Heads up, this chapter is almost entirely in 3rd person POV and switches a lot. There's no way I can do first person POV and not make it confusing as hell. There's just too much to tell.

.

GideonBlackthorn: Kitsu could honestly go either way. It genuinely depends on her mood.

If she's in a neutral or good mood, she'd likely to recognize that Noelle is not in control. And will help her. If she's in a poor mood, she's not even likely to try.

RadChaos897: The problem with the Game Theory quote, is that Bonesaw was going to be the one to make the reference. Not Kitsu. If it was Kitsu, I would've just gone "fuck it" and put it in.

I hope you like the experiment in third person POV.

Grimnosh: Your theory and more will be proven in this chapter but with Piggot? She's really in a 'damned if you do damned if you don't' situation. Kitsu could kill Noelle with little difficulty. But the risk of a Kitsu clone is simply just not something Piggot is willing to risk. She'd rather call in the Wards and the Triumvirate than risk THAT!

Gogmazios: You're welcome!

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-West Slums, Tuesday, October 19th, 1:19am-

.

.

Francis "Trickster" Krouse POV

.

'Fuck fuck fuck, fuck!' I freak out in the privacy of my own mind as I look upon the scene of ongoing destruction. 'This is too much. She's going too far!'

Her previous rampages all ended within minutes of them starting. But this one has been going on half an hour. And she's showing no sign of stopping soon.

'Is it the location?' I ask myself. 'We always made sure to move her to places she can't do much harm. Is it the, oh god.'

I realize the mistake we made in staying here too long. We'd usually move by now, or at least head to a less populated area for Noelle. Could the, could her feeding be the cause of this? The extended rampage.

'I really thought we'd have more time.' I think as I bite my nail. 'Or hopefully have this solved by now.'

"What to do?" I say under my breath, my words barely reaching my ears over the sound of Noelle's rampage.

"What do we do, Francis?" Marissa asks from behind me. Snapping me from my thoughts. "We… we can't just wait this one out like the others."

'I don't think waiting will do anything.' I think to myself as I swallow my nerves. 'At this rate, she'll just keep going and going.'

"Why not?" Oliver asks softly as I turn around. His arms crossed over his chest as he regards the dancer. "I mean, what can we do?"

A small, very small intrusive thought tells me to run. That we can cut our loses and pretend we know nothing.

I shoot that thought with a shotgun.

"People are actively dying you idiot!" Jess hisses from her seat against an AC unit. "And it's mostly our fault."

"No it's not!" Oliver stomps his foot. "And I'm not going to pretend that it is anymore!"

"Oliver, what do you-" I start to ask.

"Look at me guys." He puts his hands on his chest as he starts to slowly grow buffer. "What can I do? You, you can't possibly expect me to face off against, against that!" His voice cracks as he points to the sounds of destruction in the distance.

"She has a name Oliver! Use it!" I snap at the cowardly blonde. The man flinches back, despite his figure now being a head taller than me. He's still the shy and cowardly Oliver we all know. "Jess, can you make something that can restrain her?" I turn my attention away from the pansy and to the more useful members of our group.

'That's not fair and you know it.' I admonish myself.

"Huh?" She jolts in surprise. "Um, yeah I can think of something."

"Good, Mars." I turn to the only other fielder left in our dysfunctional little family. "I'm going to need a few suns from you. I have a plan to restrain Noelle, but you'll need to be a bit more, spicy with your powers."

I give her my usual smile. Keeping up an image of stability to keep us together.

"Alright." She says with a tight jaw. "But, Francis, what if this plan doesn't-"

"We'll deal with that when we get to it." I say as I take out a pack, only for my hands to shake as my fingers fish around inside an empty pocket.

Putting both hands into my pockets to play off the move as intentional. I turn around and face the city, in the direction of Noelle's rampage. My teeth grinding as I feel a sense of irritation wash over me.

"I have a plan guys." I say calmly as I look over my shoulder and give them a smile. "Trust me, alright? I've gotten us through worse haven't I?"

How I wish that line was true. By everything fucked and holy do I wish it were. But you know what they say, fake it till you make it.

.

.

3rd person POV

.

Firebreather continues to swoop down and unleash streams of flame onto the monster's various heads. Using his superior flight skills to dodge and weave around limbs and appendages that reach out and swipe at him.

"Shit!" He curses as the wind bites at his exposes muscle. Holding back the urge to wince and slow down as he buys time for Lady Photon to get help. And hopefully return with backup.

'Just a little longer.' He thinks to himself. 'One more minute, you can do this!'

He focuses on the pain, allowing it to keep him focused through the chaos as he makes a sharp turn up. Dodging an exoskeletal limb that reaches for him, like a giant elongated roach's leg. He doesn't bother to blast any flames at it, knowing it's useless against the armored sections.

Firebreather reaches the height of the nearby buildings. Well above what the creature is currently capable of reaching. But even he knows that's a 'for now' statement as the creature steadily grows with every innocent civilian it consumes.

Pheeeeeeew

Firebreather instinctively closes his wings. His flight training with Crystal and Sarah kicking in. Telling him how to best dodge the incoming projectile. Just in time to see the green orb shoot past above his head.

"Ack!" He coughs up spit under the force of an armored fist slamming into his back. A sickening crack reaching his ears as his back pops under the strength of the punch.

Before he can register what's happening. The assailant grabs his sinew exposed shoulder and digs his claws in, making Fire hiss in pain as he's tossed back onto a nearby roof. A piece of his shoulder being ripped out in the process.

Firebreather slams into the hard surface of the roof with a loud crack. The roof beneath him fracturing and cracking beneath him.

Blastzone doesn't give his blueprint time to recover. Dropping down and slamming a foot into his chest, further compromising the stability of the structure beneath them as Fire has the wind knocked out of him. Now coughing up a bit of blood.

"You know, I shouldn't be surprised you survived that blast." Blastzone huffs as he keeps one bloodied eye close and a hand held over his abdomen. "I am based off of you. It'd be rather pathetic if you kicked the can that quickly."

Fire spits out a bit of blood pooling in his mouth. Glaring at his clone and grabbing his ankle.

"You talk too much." Firebreather spits out, using what little strength he has left to try and force him off.

"I suppose I do." His copy grins menacingly. His snaking out and wrapping around Firebreather's neck. The long, muscular appendage tightening around his neck, cutting off blood to his head and air to his lungs.

Firebreather struggles as his consciousness starts to fade. The last thing he wants see, being the warped image of himself grinning down at him as he opens his bloody eye. Revealing the freshly healed organ.

.

.

Armsmaster looks over to the scuffle between the two reptilian Case 53's. His mind weighing the odds of a direct fight, and determining it to be against his best interests. He had warned Firebreather, and it's not as though the New Wave cape is his responsibility.

So with that thought in mind, Armsmaster looks down to the rampaging monstrosity below. His HUD picking up the highspeed activity of Brockton's premier independent hero, A-Train, as the man rescues as many people as possible. Somehow avoiding the creature's notice, or simply moving too fast for it to truly respond as the blue blur makes off with its meals.

Taking advantage of the beast's distracted state and his own altitude advantage. Armsmaster takes out his halberd and-

"Collin!" Dragon's voice echoes through his HUD. Briefly making the armored man pause.

"What?" He asks as he readies his halberd disruptor pulse, the 'blade' of the weapon humming with a soft blue glow that illuminates his surroundings.

"You need to help Firebreather!" She urges him.

"He's helping me." Armsmaster says pointed as he aims.

"Collin there's nothing to suggest a strategic strike will even work, you need to disable Blastzone or he's likely to focus all his attention on-" Armsmaster mutes his HUD's comms. Irritating the smitten AI with his antics.

"Won't know until we try." Armsmaster says under his breath, knowing Dragon can still hear him.

Lining up his shot, Armsmaster throws his weapon. The silvery blue tinkertech blade hums through the air as it arcs towards the monster's front head. Landing true on its temple.

Bwooom

A low warping boom sounds out as an explosion of blue energy knocks the head to the side. The beast roaring out in pain as the upper half of its skull is blown off. Stumbling and slamming into a building. Rubble and glass rain down on the injured creature.

Armsmaster focuses his attention on the creature's entire being as the head slowly reforms, pulling from the mass of its immense body. Shrinking ever so slightly. The eyes of the monstor all turn, honing in on Armsmaster's position as his halberd teleports back into his hand.

The multiple heads of the monster open their maws. And a moment later unleash a horrific screech that rings Armsmaster's ears even through his built in protections.

"Collin! What the rrrrmmm! You're so stubborn!" Dragon manages to bypass his settings and unmute herself. "Good job! My nearest suit is still a minute out and here you are… what did that even accomplish?"

"Valuable information." He says as he starts running, activating the newly installed overhaul mode to speed away and jump off the other side of the building. "We now know damaging it reduces its mass. It obeys the laws of conservation."

"Anyone could've guessed that. Collin you're just being stubborn and hardheaded." Dragon says after calming herself down. "You're doing what you want, and justifying it after the fact."

Armsmaster says nothing as he lands in an alley and takes off. Dodging around the sharp turns of the backstreets to evade the monster's detection as it mindlessly charges the building he was on. Running to find a new vantage point from where he can try and find its weak point.

Meanwhile, the roaring screech of the monster reaches Blastzone's ears, gaining his attention like a commander's call. Making him turn his attention to the tinker that had just done great harm to his creator. Snarling, Blastzone's eyes hone in on the figure just as he retrieves his weapon and turns tail to escape his creator's wrath.

"Cheap shotting bastard." Blastzone hisses.

But his focused anger is short lived as Firebreather takes advantage of Blastzone's distraction to surprise the clone. Letting go of the ankle planted on his chest and elbowing the roof beneath him. Collapsing the already damaged concrete and sending them both down into the building as Firebreather takes the advantage and rips Blastzone's tail from his neck. Just as they fall into the apartment of a cowering family.

Not letting himself get distracted, Firebreather uses his grip on Blastzone's tail to pull him down before using the leverage to get on top of him.

"Fuck!" Blastzone curses as Firebreather does something he never does, and open clawed swipes his face. Aiming to seriously injure the mad clone.

"GO!" Fire looks to the family and shouts before his clone's strength overpowers him. Getting up with a roar and shoving him back into the apartment's kitchenette.

Firebreather slams back into the counter, cracking the marble and knocking a bunch of plates, pots and pans over. Blastzone charges at his origin with claws extended.

Reaching behind him, Firebreather grabs something and swings it at the clone. Suckering him with a frying pan to the side of the face that breaks the culinary artifact at the handle, and knocks a tooth from Blastzone's face.

"A fucking frying pan?" Blastzone exclaims in disbelief. "What kind of bullshit is-"

He's cut off from his whining as a sharp, throbbing pain courses through him and he instinctively covers his crotch. Letting out a high pitched squeal as Firebreather removes his foot from Blastzone's crotch, and proceeds to soccer kick his jaw. Sending the red reptilian sprawling on his back.

.

.

Down on the ground. A-Train was constantly straining himself as he carted people back and forth from the area to safer spots. A familiar burn coursed through him that he hadn't felt since high school. His chest heaving with every breath, sweat fogging his sports goggles as he pushed himself to his absolute limit. Something he didn't even know was possible since getting his powers.

Dodging under the clawed elephant foot of the monster who had yet to receive a name. Keeping out of sight of the seemingly mindless beast and running into a ground level store, running into the back and slamming himself against a wall as he catches his breath. His legs shaky and burning as he grabs at his chest to try and calm the palpitations.

Fear and adrenaline run through him in equal measure as he removes his fogged up goggles. Shakily trying to wipe the insides clean of sweat to focus himself and remind him of why he's here. Of what he needs to do.

"Alright, alright. Get back out there champ!" He hypes himself up, slapping himself in the face and yelling before putting the goggles back on and running out into the fray.

Just in time to be knocked back into the shop by a blast from Armsmaster's halberd. Falling back onto his back, not a second before the building rumbles and debris collapses onto him. Chunks of ceiling paneling and other such items falling on him.

Groaning, A-Train sits up and opens his eyes. Only to come face to face with one of the heads of the beast as it glares at him. A sickening, frankenstein mix of a large goat and wolf that bares its teeth.

"Oh shit." A-Train curses before scrambling to feet as the beast moves, swiping at him with a furry tentacle. The claw at the end slicing into his side before he can escape.

A-Train flees the scene, running through the back of the building and finding an exit to the back alleys as the beast roars. So caught up in the rush, he nearly slams into a red armored man in his panicked flight.

"Woah!" They both say as they stumble back from each other. The armored man reaching into his pocket and holding up a pebble as A-Train holds his hands up in a boxers stance.

They stare at each other long enough for A-Train's mind to catch up to his body. Making him wince as he becomes aware of the cut to his side.

"Shit, did No- that thing get you?" The red man asks, lowering his rock.

"Fuck, I think so?" A-Train says as he takes a few steps back, leaning against the wall of the building for support. "Look man, I don't care who you are. But you either gotta help, or get outta here."

The man, for what little of his face is visible being the lower half, looks unsure for a moment as he turns his gaze to the ground. Before looking back to the bleeding hero, he seems to straighten his shoulders a bit.

"Guess I'm here to help." He says with a hint of resignation, then speaks up with a bit more more confidently. "Real quick, I saw you running around earlier. Think you can carry me somewhere?"

"Uh, how important is it?" A-Train groans and gets up. "Cause' I ain't no cab."

"I think I can I can put… that thing down." He says.

"Fuck it, works for me. What do I call you?" The bleeding blue speedster asks. Not being in spot where he can afford to be picky.

"I guess you can call me Ballistic."

.

.

Laserdream arrives on the scene, having woken up a few minutes ago to the sound of her phone going off in the middle of the night. Her mother had called her after her dad didn't pick up. Informing her of the situation and getting the rest of the Newest Wave, the older ones at least, up to date and ready to act.

She then wasted no time setting out to back up Firebreather and the PRT. Finding the monster was no issue at all, she just had to fly up over the city and look for where the city lights where steadily going out in the horizon.

"Holy cheese and crackers." Crystal says under her breath as she watches the shifting amalgamation of flesh and chimeric animals chase through a building. Tracking its direction, Crystal sees it's after Armsmaster. "Why does that make sense?" She sighs, sounding much calmer than she truly was.

Crystal soars down, being New Wave's fastest flyer in the city she comes up on Armsmaster as he ducks around the back alley corners. Scooping him under his armpits and lifting him up away from the creature's path of destruction.

"Laserdream." Armsmaster says monotonously. "I was unaware you were assisting."

"Yeah well, things are going to shit." She says back to him as she flies back, making her way behind the creature while keeping out of its line of sight. Watching as it slowly grows. "So here I am."

'In the middle of a school night when I could be asleep.' She grumbles to herself as she cargos the tinker.

Keeping an eye on the threat, she watches as one of the mouths begins retching. Feeling queasy herself at the sight and sound of the large wolfish goat head dry heaving. Before it coughs up a, person?

"Okay, tell me what's going on." She demands as she sets Armsmaster down on a nearby roof, flying above him and crossing her arms to project an air of authority. "Lady Photon didn't tell me too much so I'mma need some more info."

Armsmaster looks out towards the near completely destroyed street. Walking towards the edge of the roof and surveying the area for the recently regurgitated clone. And growing anxious as he finds nothing more than the cracked road and three destroyed buildings.

"Helloooo~" Laserdream floats in front of him, waving a hand in front of his face to gain his attention.

"Not much to say." He says as he mentally cycles through his options. "The creature burst up from out of the abandoned subway three blocks west and has been rampaging since. The more it consumes, the bigger it gets. So we've been trying to prioritize evacuating the area."

"Okay, I'm going to go ahead and call Kitsu." She says, partially wanting this to be handled as fast as possible for the people. But mostly being too tired to want to do anything herself.

"Don't." Armsmaster says sternly, turning to her with a visor hidden glare. Not wanting to be shown up by the little girl for the umpteenth time.

"And why the hell shouldn't I?" Crystal asks, already scrolling through her contacts.

"Because that creature clones whoever it comes into contact with." He explains, making Crystal pause slightly. "It's already gotten to Firebreather and made a stronger copy of him and-"

"Fire!?" Crystal snaps her attention to Armsmaster. "Where is he? Is he alright!?"

"He's currently occupied by his clone in that apartment complex." Armsmaster nods to the building Firebreather dragged Blastzone into. "He should be fine so you need to focus on-"

He doesn't get another word in before Crystal flies off at top speed. Leaving Armsmaster to contemplate whether or not it's his delivery, or just that New Wave doesn't know how to listen. Seeing as this is the second instance of them not following his advice.

"Idiots." He huffs as he checks his power supply and ensures he can keep going. 87% and with reserves intact.

Satisfied, he gets a notification of two more flyers in bound. But he doesn't get the chance to react as his early alert system blares. Right before he gets knocked to the side.

Rolling across the ground, he gets into a three point stance to slow himself as he readies his halberd. Looking towards his assailant, but finding nothing. Armsmaster whips his head back and forth, scanning the area for anything in sight that his HUD might pick up.

Er er! His early warning system blares.

But once again, he doesn't get to react as a sucker punch hits him in the back of the head with the force of a truck. Instinctually swiping his halberd out to the side with his left hand as he uses his right to catch himself.

"Agh!" He grunts in pain as the now visible clone caught the attack and has their foot on his left wrist while holding the neck of his halberd.

Dressed in A-Train's suit, only in primarily black with blue accents as opposed to the original's blue with white accents.

"Uh-uh." He shakes his head and side stomps the haft of the weapon. Snapping it in half and causing its light to fade out. "You ain't sticking me with no fancy pencil. We doin' this the ole' fashioned way." He says, tossing the upper half of the weapon back and popping his knuckles.

"Historically, polearms are the oldest form of weapon." Armsmaster allows himself to get snarky in annoyance at having his iconic halberd destroyed. His personal favorite weapon, broken as though it were a common stick.

"And people didn't use to run a mach speed." He gets into a fighting stance. "We'll adapt."

"Your own rebuttal contradicts your-" The hero starts as he stands up but doesn't finish as his visor cracks under the force of a high speed punch that sends him reeling back.

"You ain't gonna take this seriously, then I'm just gonna have my fun!" He says as Armsmaster shakes the dizziness from his head.

The moment he regains his focus, the A-Train clone barrels into him and sends him over the ledge of the seven story building.

While back with the original speedster. We see him on the opposite end of the street where Noelle's rampage started, far from the action but still in sight of the creature.

A-Train stops at the roof of the tallest building in the area. An eight story apartment complex that, having run through it, he can guarantee should've been foreclosed and condemned.

Setting down the red armored man now known as Ballistic, A-Train steps back and collapses against a rusty AC unit. Panting and holding his chest as everything burns.

"Alright big guy." He says, taking the goggles off his face and wiping the sweat from his brow. "What's the plan? Or did you just trick me into hitching a ride for nothing?"

Ballistic looks out over the scene of destruction laid out so clearly before him. An odd mix of guilt and reluctance weighing heavily in his mind as he takes in the damage his old friend has caused. And at the lives she undoubtedly took.

"Well, I was going to start by luring her back here." Ballistic says with a somber tone.

"What!?" A-Train can't help but question. Standing up and regarding the new cape. "You wanna lure the two story tall Noah's chimeric ark here? Towards us? Man fuck that." A-Train waves off the red suited man.

"You got any better ideas on how to get her to stop killing people?" Ballistic turns to A-Train with a look of judgement. Causing the wounded speedster to stop in thought. "Yeah, didn't think so."

Ballistic, not willing to waste any more time, pulls a ball bearing from one of the many pouches on his suit. Feeling the weight of the small metal object. Taking a breath, he holds it out in front of him.

"Get back if you want to keep your ears." Ballistic warns in time for A-Train to seek a safe distance.

And for once in his life, Ballistic aims his power at a living being. And doesn't hold back. Intentionally.

'For what it's worth, I'm sorry.' He gives a silent apology to his friend. His throat growing tight as he holds back a sob at what he's about to do.

His heart thuds as his power keeps building in the ball bearing.

Before him, he sees a figure dart across the sky and slam into a building. But he can't afford to change his focus right now. Only keeping his mind on the current task.

'Release.' He mentally tells himself. But he can't find it in him to shoot. 'Release!'

He hesitates, all while more and more kinetic energy is being built into the ball bearing.

"Just do it already!" He yells at himself after charging for nearly a minute.

Kakaaaaack

The building rumbles and shakes under the force of the sonic boom that goes off in his hand. The windows shattering in a rain of glass. Ballistic's power protects him from the sound barrier breaking right in front of him.

Ballistic, otherwise known as Luke, had aimed for where he suspected Noelle to be in the mass of flesh. Hoping that with any luck he'd be able to take her out in one hit and not drag out the death of his friend.

But luck's rarely been on his side.

Noelle turns her attention to him, or rather his direction. Letting out a strangled cry of anger and confusion as it starts its march back down the street it destroyed. One of the five massive heads forming into an amalgam of a cat and an eagle as it hones in on him.

"Well shit." He curses, reaching into his pouch and pulling out a fishing weight.

Pausing in shock as a screech goes off. One from further away. And in the dark of night, from several buildings down, soft blue lights like distant stars move fluidly over the rooftops. Implicating something fast and large hidden in the darkness.

"God dammit!" Luke curses as he turns around runs. Not trusting the presence of Noelle and another creature lurking in the dark.

Luke reaches the edge of the roof and finds the fire escape. Quickly jumping over the rails from platform to platform. Not bothering with the stairs as he takes the calculated risk of parkouring down. He makes it to the back alley just in time for parts of the rooftop the drop around him, startling him as he runs in a mad dash. Getting a decent distance away, Ballistic takes his chances and turns to the main street, hoping to see what's going on.

A one story tall black beast, slim and standing up on three tendril like legs. A reptilian head and a vaguely feminine torso. Four arms, two lower arms with clawed hands, and two larger upper arms with large scythe-like forearms. Small dots of blue bioluminescence dotting its form.

The creature roars as it holds onto Noelle. The large scythe arms implanting themselves into her flesh as the smaller arms dig and claw at her. Leaving a bloody and gory mess as the two roll over each other.

"What the fuck?" He mouths, not knowing what to think as the two monsters face off against each other. And to further complicate things, a laser blasts into the side of Noelle's body from an armored flyer. And the ground under her rumbles and gives way under her.

"I knew it was you." Luke whips around at the sound of the familiar voice.

Trickster lights a cigarette. Taking a drag as his former friend regards him with less than amicable feelings. Looking back and forth between Noelle and Francis, the gears in Luke's start to turn as he quickly figures out what's going on.

"Let me guess, Jess is the other monster?" Ballistic finally puts it together.

"Yep." Francis nods, glaring at the former Traveler. "I thought you left town?"

"I left you, Francis." Ballistic corrects him.

Francis and Luke stare down each other with disdain. One for his mistreatment and manipulative behavior. The other for abandonment and now betrayal.

"Hmph." Francis smirks, putting on his Trickster persona for Luke. "Well my once and hopeful friend, and it would appear that fortune wills it. So if you're quite alright with it I'd like your assistance in restrain-"

"No." Ballistic cuts him off.

"…No?" Trickster tilts his head, already knowing what he means. But desperately hoping he's wrong.

"This has gone too far Francis." Ballistic says with a trembling voice. Fists clenched and jaw weak. "I'm not leaving this, until what should've been done months ago is finally done."

For some reason, saying that to Francis was harder than shooting Noelle. Perhaps that just means he truly considers Noelle to be lost. Or maybe he secretly is afraid of turning his friends into enemies. Regardless, he said it.

"I… really hoped." Trickster sighs but doesn't finish his sentence. Dropping his cigarette and reaching behind him. Francis puts on his mask, and gives his former friend one last courtesy. "But I suppose that's on me."

.

.

Crystal flies into the ruined apartment through the hole in the ceiling. Spotting the two wrestling reptilian men on the floor of the room. It takes her a moment in the dark to determine who's the clone and who's the original.

"Fire!" She shouts upon realizing her boyfriend is the one bloodied and losing.

She fires a laser at the red scaled clone. Knocking him away with an impact that briefly illuminates the apartment. Giving Firebreather room to breathe and get his bearings.

"God, fucking damnit!" The foul mouthed clone roars in irritation as his shoulder is left bruised under the concussive force. Baring his teeth, he snarls at the partnered heroes. "Oh what now? Need the nympho to take me on?"

"Fire!" Crystal shouts, red faced and embarrassed at her 'condition' being exposed.

"He's a copy of me babe, I really can't do anything about what I know." Firebreather pants from beside his floating girlfriend.

"Oh, sorry." She says, having gone off prematurely from hearing Firebreather's voice expose her.

"Oh well." Blastzone rolls his shoulders. "I needed a break from breaking in the bitch, now I get to spice it up with the cunt."

"God, it is so weird to hear you say that." Crystal shudders at words she never thought she'd hear Fire say.

"Yeah how do you think I feel?" Fire says while nursing his shoulder.

Not a second later, Blastzone's chest glows green and Firebreather tackles his girlfriend out of the apartment through a window. Just in time for the room to explode in a bright sickly green light behind them.

Twisting and twirling in the air, Firebreather corrects himself as Crystal separates from him and flies on her own power.

From the smoke cloud of green flames that was the apartment room steps Blastzone. A confident grin on his face as he flares his wings and shoots off after the hero couple. Catching them off guard with his sudden burst of speed. He takes a swipe at Crystal who has just enough time to produce a red shield to protect herself from the worst of it. The attack still smashes through her shield, sending her ragdolling back towards the street.

"Crystal!" Firebreather shouts and dives after her, but is held back as Blastzone's tail wraps around his throat. "Ack!"

"Nah, you get to watch." Blastzone maliciously hums as he plants a clawed foot on his shoulder. "Just like I promised."

Fire struggles in vain to claw the tail from around his neck. But with one arm basically useless due to a mangled and bloodied shoulder, it's a fleeting hope at best. The only thing he can really manage is to watch as Crystal flips through the air. Hoping her shields come back in time, or that she can course correct her fall despite her motion sickness.

"Aw darn." Blastzone clicks his tongue as Crystal slams into a building. "Looks like she got her shield back up in time."

True to his word, Crystal climbs out of the hole she had just created. Shaking her head of the dizziness and looking up to her assailant. The night sky acting as his backdrop to the city lights illuminating his devilish form as he crosses his arms.

"Slight change of plans." He says loud enough for Firebreather to hear. "You get to watch her fail to save you."

Kakaaaaack

A deafening sound rings out as an explosion of air blasts by. Sending the flying clone back and knocking Crystal back into the apartment.

Blastzone flails and loses his bearings in the air. Letting Firebreather go in an attempt to use his tail to balance himself. Firebreather, now free of the restraining limb, grabs his clone's ankle with his good arm and sends him hurtling down to the street below.

Blastzone flails helplessly, his larger wings doing little to help slow his descent as he crashes. Cratering the road below him, Firebreather takes a moment to catch his breath before charging after Crystal to make sure she's okay.

Stepping into the ruined apartment room on the third story. Firebreather looks around for his girlfriend. Finding her sitting on a couch that had flipped over with her in it. Her back on the ground and her legs in the air.

"Crystal!" Fire shouts, noticing how little he can hear himself as he runs over to her.

He can't hear her as she groans in pain. The blast from earlier leaving them both deafened. He nonetheless moves in to check her pulse and make sure she's breathing.

"What the fuck was that?" Crystal moans too softly for even herself to hear.

"You're not dead, oh thank everything." Fire breathes out a sigh of relief.

The moment of relief doesn't last as he feels the room shake. Outside the apartment, the monster had circled back and was marching past them when another monster leaps from the roof of the apartment with a screech. Slamming its scythe arms into the monster and wrestling it into a hold. The two monsters slamming into the building below them.

The floor collapses below them, sending the heroes falling onto the wrestling monsters. Firebreather and Laserdream land on the back of the newer, more squidlike monster. Fire flails around a bit as Crystal takes off immediately, if a bit clumsily. Getting snagged by a whip like tendril that wraps around her waist and slams into the back of the slimmer monster she just fled from.

"Aaaaaah!" She screams in fear as her shield breaks again and the tendril rears her back to slam her again.

She's about to unleash the strongest laser blast she can, before Firebreather soars up and catches her as she's swung. Flying against the force of the swing. Keeping her from being slammed against the armored creature. Just long enough to allow her time to think and blast the tendril.

Fire soars off with Crystal in tow. Getting as far from the fight as his torn wings can manage before landing on a roof a good distance away.

Fire sets Crystal down gently. Before falling to his knees not a moment after as Armsmaster's prediction comes true and the adrenaline wears off. Leaving him sore and spent.

"What, what the hell are we supposed to do?" Crystal says, still reeling from nearly being splattered across the monster's back. "That thing, it has to be some sort of like, baby Endbringer right?"

"Yeah, yeah." Fire agrees as his hearing returns to him. "And where did that Blastzone guy come from? He's like, my clone or something right? I mean, can it make more? Or is it a one and done deal?"

"That's what Armsmaster said. That it's a clone." Crystal agrees as she sits up. "Said it clones people, making stronger versions of them to fight for it. Or something like that. Not sure about the whole, multiple clones or anything. Fuck I can't talk right now."

Fire is quiet as he catches his breath. Closing his eyes as he relives the last several minutes of his life, hoping, trying to thing of something that can help him. And then he remembers.

"Stronger, yeah. But sure as hell not better." Fire scoffs.

"Fire, baby." Crystal puts a hand on his bruised chest. "He was kicking your ass."

"No." Fire says as he sits up. "I mean yes, he was. But that's not it. Did you notice how he was flying?"

"Yeah, he blitzed us." She gives him a pointed look as he groans and sits up. Wincing under the pain of moving his sore and injured muscles. As well as the very present sting and throb of his shoulder's exposed muscle.

"Yeah, but the moment something happened." Fire says as he stands up, much to his own body's protest. "He just dropped like a rock."

"Okay, and that helps us how?" Crystal asks as she stands up.

"Because." He gives her a fanged grin. "It means he can't possibly compete with New Wave's top flyers."

Crystal's eyes sparkle with understanding as she picks up what Fire put down.

.

.

Armsmaster's suit prepares itself for impact as he falls. A measure that proves unnecessary as he hears the familiar sound of thrusters approaching. Letting himself relax as one of Dragon's suits swoops in and catches him before he hits the ground.

"Your firesuit, I thought that one was lost." Armsmaster remarks as he looks to the green and black humanoid suit, standing nine feet tall and coming equipped with heavy munitions and small scale incendiary weaponry.

"I was rebuilding it when this all happened." Dragon's voice comes through the suit's speaker. "It's not completely rebuilt, but it was the only one that could make it here in time. The next nearest suit is still three minutes out."

"A lucky break for me then." Armsmaster says as he's set down on a nearby roof.

"Luck has nothing to do with it Collin." Dragon says sternly. "Honestly, you may be one of the top tinkers in the world. But you get so overconfident sometimes."

"I'm aware." He clenches his jaw in frustration. "I was trying to be personable."

Dragon goes silent at that. Feeling awkward over the revelation, and more than a little embarrassed that she hadn't picked up on that.

"Who was the other flyer? My radar picked up two." Armsmaster wastes no time in returning to business.

"Jenny, the robotic Case 53 from New Wave." Dragon informs him as 'she' looks out at the street. "At the rate this is going, we'll need to stop this creature soon or we may have to call in an Endbringer Crisis."

"From what I've seen, I don't believe it to be Endbringer level. But it's certainly a level nine threat." Armsmaster says as he looks over to the roof he was just at, focusing on the robotic teenager and her fight with the speedster. "But for now, we need to focus on coming up with a plan. Rather than keep reacting."

"I agree." Dragon nods.

Over at the fight, Jenny hovers slightly above the roof as the speedster regales her.

"You look… familiar." Jenny crosses her arms and tilts her head in thought. "Do… do I know you?"

"Oh trust me, shiny." He holds his arms out to show off. "There ain't no one like me."

"Oh yeah, and why's that?" Jenny smirks and puts a hand on her hip. "What makes you special?"

"Come on down here and find out." He returns her grin and uses both hands to beckon her.

"Oh, so you are a bad guy?" She asks.

"If that's what helps you sleep at night." He says before disappearing.

"What the!?" Jenny looks around the rooftop. Her eyes glowing green as she switches her vision to night. Then glowing purple as she switches to infrared as she tries to find the vanishing man.

She's about to switch to thermals when she feels something wrap around her waist. Looking down, she sees a rope that rapidly seems to wrap itself around her. In less than a second she's fully wrapped by the rope and pulled to the roof.

"Huh!?" She shouts in confusion.

"See, told you there ain't none like me." The black suited speedster gloats as he crouches in front of her. "Ain't nothing competes with Prime Time."

"Is that what you're going by?" She says unimpressed as she stares up at him.

"Aye, you just go by your name." He defends himself and reaches out to flick her forehead. Making a metal ting as his finger slaps her metallic skin. "Ow!"

"That's because I don't need a unique name to stand out." She says and stands up, breaking through the rope binding her like it was wet paper. "I'm already all I need to be."

"Well fuck me." He clicks his tongue in annoyance.

"Ew." Jenny pauses from winding up a punch. "I'm like, fifteen you creep." She says with a disgusted look.

"That is not what I-" He starts to say before disappearing as Jenny's fist rockets towards him.

"Dang it!" Jenny grits her teeth in frustration as Prime Time dodges her.

"Okay now that was cheap." He says from atop an AC unit to her left.

"Yeah well, screw you!" She raises her hand and blasts him from a laser the configures in her palm.

Prime Time dodges the blast, letting it hit the rooftop AC unit. The unit blowing up as Jenny feels a light pain in her side followed by a light thwack sound.

Looking over, she sees a broken piece of board. The piece having splintered off of her on impact. Before she can figure out what it's from, she gets her answer in the form of another board to the face.

"Ah!" She shouts, more in surprise than in pain as Prime Time breaks the piece of wood on her head. "Stop that!"

"Not a chance." He says behind her. Dodging as she swings behind herself to try and catch him off guard.

"Aaagh!" She shouts in frustration as another board is broken over the back of her head. "Where do you keep getting these things!?" She yells in anger at the constant presence of wood in this fight.

"You're in the slums robo-betty." Prime Time says from the other end of the roof, now with a metal bat in hand. He taps it on the ground a few times to emphasize the ting of metal. "This place embodies trash is treasure. You just gotta look."

Jenny opens her mouth to say something snarky. And Prime Time rushes in for a hit. Striking her in the teeth with a resounding ting that manages to knock her back.

"Ugh! Ah!" Jenny hisses in pain. "You dick!"

Prime Time doesn't let her continue. Rushing in going for her knees, he swings and knocks her legs out from under her. Sending the mechanical girl to the ground with a thud as her body hits the concrete. Cracks spiderweb out from her as her six hundred pound frame slams down.

Prime Time grins in satisfaction as Jenny lays there. Seemingly dazed from the hit. He charges in, using the bat like a hockey stick as he runs by her. His body heating up as he keeps moving, making the air around him steam and grow hot.

He stops, knowing he needs to cool off or find a way to release the heat. And not trusting it to be enough against the robotic girl's metallic skin.

"You're pretty resilient, for a walking tin can with lipstick." He bluffs. "So, wanna keep this up? Or just go home?"

"Hmm?" She looks up from the ground, and Prime Time notices a wire extending from her ear and slinking back into her head. "I'm sorry, you were saying something?"

"What the, are you shitting me?" He huffs in annoyance.

"Sorry, I was just waiting for you to get done." She smiles and stretches her arms above her head. "But, that's beside the point. I know how to beat you now."

"You do?" Prime Time cocks his head back to look down at her.

"Oh yeah." She grins confidently. And holds a hand out, motioning for him to come at her.

"Well then." Her opponent crouches into a running stance, looking more serious now than ever.

And he disappears.

"… What?" Jenny blinks in confusion, looking around and rapidly switching through different optics to try and find him. Knowing that he's about to sucker punch her or something like that. She finally finds his trail with thermals, and tracks it to the roof access.

Where he fled.

Jenny feels her frustration reach a boiling point. Her servos and gears overclocking in her joints. "Oh you have got to be kidding me!" She stomps her foot in anger. Cracking the concrete below her.

Kakaaaaack

Jenny's eyes go wide as she nearly jumps out of her skin in shock. Freezing in place as she waits for anything else to happen. Thinking that maybe she did something to make the loud noise. Finally moving when she hears the roaring scream of the creature.

Jenny scours the ground, looking for the others she knew were on their way. Like Gully and Pinky, though Pinky said she had someone she could call for help.

No one wanted to get Ben, mostly due to his showboating and arrogance. He's gotten better ever since the announcement of Kitsu's retirement and the attack on the Slaughterhouse Nine. But he's still a smug brat in her eyes.

Jenny flies above the monster as it charges back down the street. Hoping to intervene if it gets to attacking any of her friends.

It's as she has that thought, that she watches a second monster jump from a rooftop and stab into the mess of animals that is the monster they were already fighting.

Feeling more than a little in over her head, Jenny freezes in fear. Fighting one monster is daunting, fighting two feels like intentional suicide to her. As strong as she is, she's never faced off against a creature of that size. Let alone two, as they're fighting each other.

With shame guilt welling up inside her, Jenny does the one thing she believes is best. And flees to go get Kitsu.

.

.

-1:28 am, Dallon House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Kakaaaaack

I jump up in my bed and look around my room. My heart pounding as I'm ready to murder whoever just did that!

…

Maybe. Depends on who did it. They deserve a healthy case of dysentery at least for waking me up like that.

"What was that!?" I shout, hoping for answer from downstairs.

…

"Rmm." I shrug and lay back down, going back to sleep.

.

.

If you guys don't like how this is structured, I'll rewrite it.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Name: Prime Time

Sex: Male

Height: 6'1" (185.4 cm)

Weight: 175 lbs (79.4 kg)

Hair color: Shaved Black

Eye color: Blue

Age: inconsequential

.

Rating: B

Brute 4: enhanced durability to survive the use of his own speed. Unlike A-Train's forcefield that activates while he runs, Prime Time's is material and always active. Though a bit weaker.

Mover 7: Roughly the same speed as A-Train, the difference being that Prime Time seems to "skate" on the ground rather than run.

Striker 2: As Prime Time runs, he generates heat and exhausts this through his fists and feet.

.

Bio: Prime Time is an Echidna clone of the independent hero A-Train. And as such has a corrupted version of the original's personality. Prime Time is a glory hound, seeking to be in the spotlight and be seen. He's also sadistic yet cowardly, he'll eagerly put down others but panic when someone stronger is around.

.

.

Name: Blastzone

Sex: Male

Height: 6'3" (190.5cm)

Weight: 240 lbs (108.9 kg)

Hair color: Black

Eye color: Black sclera with green irises and dark green reptilian pupils

Age: inconsequential

Unusual features/markings: Red sharp reptilian scaled skin, reptilian eyes, a crown of five black horns atop his head with the furthest left and furthest right curling forward, thin muscular tail with a sharp point, clawed hands and feet, large batlike wings on his back, sharp sharklike teeth.

.

Rating: B

Brute 6: Posses immense strength and durability, as well as a minor healing factor that allowed him to recover from a mortal wound to his abdomen. Presence of sharp scales make engaging in melee is likely to harm the attacker.

Mover 3: An admittedly clumsy flyer, Blastzone is capable of short and powerful bursts of speed. Though he can't do this repeatedly.

Blaster 7: Lacking in versatility or control, but making up for it in sheer destructive power. Blastzone unleashes a charged plasma explosion from his mouth that he charges in his chest. The orb of green plasma violently explodes and dissolves most things it comes into contact with. The longer the charge, the bigger the explosion.

.

Bio: Blastzone is a clone of New Wave's Case 53 Firebreather. As with all clones from the being known as Echidna, Blastzone posses a twisted and warped personality of the original. With Blastzone relishing in his power over others and enjoying tormenting his opponents. Whereas the original is shy and reserved. Blastzone is boisterous and violent to a degree of recklessness.

.

Name: Gorver

Sex: Female

Height: 9'2" (279.4 cm)

Weight: 1,200 lbs (554.3 kg)

Hair color: Bald

Eye color: Green

Age: inconsequential

Unusual Markings/Features: tough armadillo/rhino like armored hide, four fingers as opposed to five on each hand, greyish brown skin, snubbed nose and broken teeth, thick bristled fur on her forearms.

.

Rating: C

Brute 5: enhanced durability and strength far beyond the origin she's copied from. Armored bulletproof hide and imposing muscles allow her to travel by tunneling through the earth.

Mover 3: While above the ground, Raver could classify as slower than average. But she is capable of traveling underground at high speeds, tearing up and destroying the earth above her.

Shaker 2: She lacks the control and versatility of Gully, but still maintains a slight degree of control over the earth as she tunnels and disrupts the field around her.

.

Bio: Gorver is an Echidna clone of Gully, and as such posses a corrupted version of her personality. Gorver is emotionally immature, prone to outbursts of anger and frustration, and has a general disdain of people.

.

.

Name: RayDaze

Sex: Female

Height: 5'4" (156.6 cm)

Weight: 124 lbs (56.3 kg)

Hair color: Blonde

Eye color: Blue

Age: inconsequential

.

Rating: B

Mover: 5 Slower than LaserDream, she makes up for this with a lack of motion sickness.

Blaster: 5 Fires proper lasers that burn as opposed to producing concussive force.

Shaker: 2 Able to make transparent red forcefields and remotely move them. Stronger than the originals but she is capable of making and controlling several at a time.

.

Bio: As an Echidna Clone of LaserDream, RayDaze possesses a corrupted form of her personality. Being a pathological liar and highly manipulative at her core. RayDaze has an almost completely inversed personality of LaserDream's.

.

.

A/N

I am going on vacation! Yay!

So, I will likely not be writing until August 2nd. Sorry, but not really.

.

The only thing keeping Echidna from making a virtual army of clones, is her attention being divided by the constant attacks.

In canon, when Echidna attacked, Noelle had become worn down and disillusioned. Making her work with her power. Whereas here, her power is forcing her into a hallucination to take control. Making her quite a bit weaker than canon by virtue of her attention being divided three ways. Noelle, the attackers, and the clones it's trying to make.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

.

FOR KITSU!

.

FOR OTHER!

.

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, Alduinian and 71 others
Newb to the game
Jul 22, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 88 Breaking Down New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Aug 18, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,217
A/N Breaking down

Alt title: Death.

.

.

GideonBlackthorn: Oh, you have no idea what you're in for. I won't spoil it, but I doubt you're ready for what's about to happen.

RadChaos897: My brain is overworked. But that's because I'm american!

No rest! Vacation days? 3 a year! Sick time? You get 5 hours, cumulative. Paid time off? That's called unemployment.

Also, I'll soon be switching back to first person POV. Third person just feels, too impersonal for my liking.

YeTianshi: That is the perfect way to describe Kitsu.

It's always a 50/50 on whether she'll help or make things worse.

Also, glad to see you back!

Grimnosh: Oops. I did not realize that. Though it makes sense.

That being said, Echidna isn't really in danger. It's also why she isn't spewing out armies of peons. She's not overly concerned or in need of them. Easier to focus on quality over quantity right now. And again, Echidna's attention is being divided by keeping Noelle from being lucid.

Gogmazios: You're welcome.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-West Slums, Tuesday, October 19th, 1:30am-

.

.

3rd Person POV, with Trickster and Ballistic

.

Ballistic ducks behind the counter of the fabric store as Trickster disappears from his sight. Their fight taking them inside a nearby building as Trickster kited Ballistic, effectively forcing him into the structure.

"It doesn't have to go like this!" Trickster's voice echoes throughout the shop.

Ballistic knows he fucked up. Francis may not have been a good leader, or even a pleasant one. But he always excelled at tactical maneuvers.

And he just let himself be cornered.

"You're right!" Ballistic shouts back, crouching low and keeping below the countertop. "Just step away Francis!"

"No real names." He hears the man's voice in his ear before an arm finds its way around his neck.

"Gack!" Ballistic chokes as Trickster throws him back.

Ballistic grabs a ball bearing from his pocket and aims it at Trickster's hip. Firing it in time to hit a display mannequin. Blasting bits of plastic as Ballistic gets up and runs for the backrooms.

"Just walk away Ballistic!" Ballistic hears from the main floor of the shop as he finds the door to the backrooms and looks for the stairs. "We don't have to fight!"

"You're right!" He shouts back. "Just step away Francis!"

Ballistic bursts the back door and enters the stairwell. Running up the first flight he turns to the second floor landing, seeing his old teammate. He pauses, waiting for him do something.

"You know I can't do that." The teleporter says solemnly, letting slip the mask he put up. "You know, I can't let you take her life."

Trickster's chest trembles under his vest. As though holding back something he desperately wants to say.

"You can, just do nothing." Ballistic, otherwise known as Luke, says with a firm voice.

"Now where's the fun in that?" Trickster leans to one side, hand on his hip as he points up. "When I went through the trouble of setting up the perfect playground!"

Following his direction, Ballistic looks up the stairwell. And feels his eyes go wide as he sees a series of corner mirrors and mannequins on the landings and stairs.

Trickster's teleportation works based on sight, and mass. With mannequins that almost perfect take up the same volume, if the mannequins are weighted, and Ballistic knows they are. It wouldn't even take a second for Trickster to swap with them.

"The top floor of this place is storage. Who knew a fabric store would have so many mannequins?" Trickster explains with an air of superiority. "Still want to do this, Luke?"

Luke looks to the mocking visage of Trickster's mask. A strange bundle of feelings too complicated for him to understand well up in his gut. An odd mix of annoyance and pity that he hates. Conflicting against a background of apathy. Of not wanting to do this.

"This ends here." Trickster says seriously.

Rather than saying anything, Ballistic grabs a handful of fishing weights from his pocket and aims them up.

"You honestly think you can-"

"Just shut up!" Ballistic yells as he unleashes the projectiles. Buckshotting the stairwell and breaking nearly every visible mirror.

The sound of broken glass makes Trickster instinctively raise his arms to protect his face as shards rain down. A moment of distraction that Ballistic takes to run up the stairs and body check him against the wall.

"Ugg!" Trickster gasps as the wind is knocked from his lungs. Ballistic throws him to the ground and stomps on his face, waiting a moment to make sure he doesn't get up before turning and running up the stairs.

Ballistic makes it to the fourth story before a stabbing pain throbs in his leg. Looking back, he sees Trickster behind him. Bloody knife in hand that had been slipped into the seems of his armor. Hitting a non-vital area of his leg.

"You dick!" Ballistic shouts. "You stabbed me!"

Ballistic moves to punch him and send him tumbling down the staircase. Only for his fist to meet a dusty mannequin, knocking its head off and sending it down.

He turns around, expecting a sneak attack. But not seeing anything.

"And you head kicked me!" Trickster swings from the staircase above him. Nailing him in the side with both feet. Slamming Ballistic into the wall and clumsily landing next to him.

Trickster raises a foot to kick Ballistic down the stairs. But loses his footing as Ballistic grabs his ankle and pulls. Sending the man down, the back of his head hitting the stairs with a sharp clack.

Hissing in pain, Trickster doesn't get to recover as Ballistic crawls on top of him. Whaling into Trickster's masked face. Making use of his heavier frame to keep the thinner man pinned and helpless.

But a moment later, Ballistic finds himself under Trickster as the two switch places. Blinking from the disorientation, Trickster takes the opportunity to look up and spot a mannequin in the reflection of an unbroken mirror. Disappearing just as Ballistic moves to toss him off.

Ballistic gets up, frustrated and losing his patience.

"Why!?" He calls out. "You know what's happening! You know what she's doing!"

"Do you really have to ask?" Trickster's voice echoes through the stairwell. "I'm not just going to let you kill Noelle!"

"That is not Noelle!" Ballistic yells back. "Stop pretending she's still in there! All that's left is a shell of human pretending to be someone you love!"

Ballistic continues to run up the stairs. Keeping an ear out for any changes as he stays on guard. Roughly tossing aside any mannequins he passes to get rid of Trickster's set up. Passing a mannequin that he shoves aside and behind him, he feels a change in weight of the object and spots a flash of color in the corner of his eye.

Turning around, he pulls a small weight from his pocket and throws it. Nailing Trickster in the chest with the force of a professional boxer, knocking the man back against the wall on the landing.

"Just stop!" Ballistic yells and keeps running, only to trade places with Trickster on the landing below. "Fuck!"

"You should know by now!" Trickster yells. "I'm nothing if not stubborn, Luke."

Ballistic pulls out a fishing weight. Conscious of his quickly dwindling supply, he takes a measured shot. Aiming it for the railing of the landing above him and letting it charge.

Trickster feels the impact before the floor beneath him gives away. Lurching forward as he's rocked by the impact. His arms flail, looking for something to hold onto as he curses. He looks around for the nearest mannequin to swap with as landing gives way. Popping in on the third floor landing, two stories below Ballistic as he looks to see the man jump over the gap he made.

Trickster curses to himselef as he climbs the stairs, the mannequins in sight all too damaged to swap with in an effective amount of time as Ballistic had taken to destroying any he sees on his way up. Making the difference in mass too great for a timely swap.

Finally making it to the roof. Ballistic slams the roof access door shut and pulls a small projectile from his pocket. Aiming it down, he fires one off and breaks the door handle. Taking a step back, he waits for moment. Upon hearing Francis slam into the door, he turns away.

"Luke! Don't do this!" Francis shouts, banging on the door furiously. "Please! Just walk away! Please! I'm literally begging you!"

"Just stay there!" Luke tells his former friend. "I'll do what we should've done a long time ago."

Ballistic turns to Noelle as she fights Genesis's construct. And pulls out an iron ball. Weighing roughly three pounds, it's not something he ever thought he'd use against anything living. He usually reserves it for breaking vehicles or even small buildings.

'Guess this is it.' He thinks to himself as Noelle, the creature, is only a building away. Too close to miss her body in the casing he knows she's held in.

He holds his arm out, uncaring of any harm that'll come to Trickster from being so close to the shot. Knowing thay whatever damage it is, he'll live.

He's tricky like that.

Ballistic closes his eyes as the energy charges up. Already at the point of no return, anything hit with the ball will break. At this point, he's sure he could take off Behemoth's head.

He's so focused on the fight that he fails to notice Trickster had managed to use a knife to jimmy the door open. And spotted Ballistic with a veritable missile in his hand, he runs up behind him.

Fueled by a feverish panic, he doesn't think. Just runs.

"Stop!" Trickster tackles Ballistic, knocking him over.

And making him unleash the projectile.

Right into the roof they're standing on.

Kakaaaaaak

The sound barrier breaks for the second time that night. And with it, the building. Sending Trickster and Ballistic falling faster than either can react.

With a sickening crunch, Ballistic and Trickster land in the small crater. Piled on top of the debris and rubble.

And all goes black.

…

…

…

Ballistic is the first recover consciousness. Pain wracking nearly every inch of his body as he tries to push up. Only to hiss in pain as he recognizes the sharp, throbbing pain in his chest and limbs. A pain he unfortunately knows too well.

Looking down, he sees his arm bent in two places. And he can feel the pain in his gut telling him he needs help now.

"Fuck." He pants out with a labored breath. Even breathing hurts his chest like blunt knives cutting him from the inside.

He tries to get up, the memory of what happened rushing back to him as he knows staying here would almost certainly get him killed. Whether it be something coming to kill him, or his own body hiving out. But the more he tries, the more his body protest.

'This is it.' He goes limp. 'I… always knew it'd end like this. Dead in the rubble of a fight I could've avoided… I just never imagined, it'd be a fight I got myself into.'

Defeated and done, he lets himself fall back. The sounds of fighting slowly reaching his ears.

'I'm going to die here.' He thinks to himself as he closes his eyes and lets his head fall to the side. 'This is it. I'm going to die, and it's all because I came back. Why? Why didn't I just leave?'

His mind can't come up with an answer. Leaving him to the silence of the broken building as he closes his eyes.

…

"Ugh." A single groan catches his attention.

Slowly cracking opening his eyes, Ballistic looks around for the noise. Remembering he wasn't the only one to fall, but surely Trickster teleported. Right?

And that's when his eyes spot it. His heart thudding him wide awake and with agonizing clarity as he sees Trickster, Francis. Not ten feet to his left, lower half crushed under rubble. A bent piece of rebar nailing him to the ground through his gut. The rusted metal having slipped under the bullet proof plate on hidden in his vest.

"No." Ballistic mutters softly. Not wanting to believe what he sees. Urging his body to move against all logic telling him to stay still.

Biting his lip to stifle the hiss of pain that threatens to escape. Luke slowly gets to his feet. And immediately regrets doing so as the dull pain in his gut becomes sharp and stabbing. Hunching over from the agony, Luke holds his stomach with his good arm.

Hobbling over to Francis, the ten feet feeling like an agonizing march under the weight of his injuries. Luke nearly collapses next to his former friend as he kneels down. Half sitting up, half leaning against a piece of the roof that fell next to him.

"Francis?" He says softly, but gets no response other than a sputtering and shaky breath. Concern for the man he went through so much with.

The mask on his face, cracked and chip, falls apart as he turns his head to look him in the eye. A single, teary eye staring almost vacantly at the armored mask Ballistic wears.

"Hey, hey say something." Luke says, hurriedly taking off his helmet and meeting Francis's eye. "Don't just sit there and stare!" Luke groans in pain under the effort of speaking. "Come on!"

He may not have liked Francis. But he didn't hate him. And on a certain level, he always understood him. Understood why he would do what he did.

It's why he never really blamed him.

Francis stares at him. But he can't hear him, the force of the sonic boom from earlier had blown his eardrums. Leaving him deaf to the world around him. As Ballistic talks, a dull ringing is all his ears pick up. And a tear rolls down his cheek as he feels himself grow cold.

Confused and scared. He utters a single sentence.

"A-am I… dying?" He croaks out. His voice barely above a whisper. "I… I don't… want…"

His arm twitches, moving up as though trying to reach for something. But it fails to move more than an inch as he lets out a strained breath. The light leaves his eyes, and a final tear falls from his dull eye as he goes limp. The rest of the mask falling away as Luke struggles to think.

"Damn it." Luke whispers hoarsely through the lump in his throat. Staring into the vacant eyes of Francis. "I told you to stop staring. Just stop staring already, damn it."

Luke reaches a shaky hand out, and drags it down over the corpse's face. Closing his eyes for the last time.

"Damn you." Luke says as he slowly lays down in the rubble. Whatever cruel or merciful force that was giving him the energy to move, quickly fading from his body as he stares up at the clear sky. The moon just in view as he closes his eyes.

"Damn it all."

-Time: 1:43am-

.

.

-West Slums, Tuesday, October 19th, 1:30am-

.

.

3rd Person POV, With Gully and Pinky

.

Pinky and Gully arrived to the scene of destruction with the help of Nightcrawler. The blue devil looking man having popped them across the city and into an alleyway a safe distance from the monster fight as they take in the sight. And can only balk at the ongoing destruction.

"Mein Gott." Nightcrawler shudders as he runs a hand through his short, curly black hair. "What is this? Is this an Endbringer?"

"No." Gully says as she looks over his shoulder to Echidna fighting the four armed black squid like monster. "Or at least, not any of the ones on record."

"I don't think we're cut out for this." Pinky says nervously as they step back and out of sight. "Like, I feel like Vicky or even Neil would be better suited to help."

"Why haven't they-" Nightcrawler goes to say something, but is cut off as a high pitched ting rings out. And he goes flying back.

"Nightcrawler!" Pinky shouts in distress as she runs to her friend sprawled out on the pavement, only for the same to happen to her. Her legs being taken out from under her and as a bone is definitely fractured from the hit. "Ah!"

"Pinky!" Gully throws herself over her friend and fellow hero. Just in time to receive a hit to her head from a metal object. One that burns.

"Hot dayum." She hears a man curse in front of her.

Looking up, Gully recognizes her assailant. He may be in a different suit, a bit color swapped, but she's seen him enough to recognize the Blue Blur of Brockton. Holding up a dented metal bat.

"A-Train?" Gully mutters in disbelief. And is met with a harsh swing to the head for her assumption.

"Don't compare me to that failure." He spits out with pure vitriol. "You're looking at Prime Time baby! Ain't no comparing me to anything else out there."

Confused and now sporting a headache. Gully moves to stand up, only to have her face beaten back by a highspeed swing of the bat. One that splits the skin of her forehead and cracks her nose.

"Agh!" She groans, holding her nose in pain. Feeling a little bloody trickle down her face and coat her hands.

"Damn, you're hard as a rock." Prime Time mutters as he looks to the bat, now dented and bent at an odd angle. "Wonder how much that holds up?" He looks to her with an unsettling grin.

Pinky remained quiet throughout the exchange. Silently enduring the pain in her legs while trying to think of what to do. Before it dawns on her as Prime Time disappears and comes back with another bat.

Pinky starts focusing, building up a basic fluid. Basic as in PH balance. Basing it in oils and giving it a hydrophobic property. Pinky keeps this in her and waits as Gully raises her arms to defend against the onslaught.

An unlucky swing from Prime Time manages to nail Gully's hand at just the right angle for her to snap her wrist and grab the offending weapon. Hissing under the heat it has built up. Gully punches the ground with her free hand, turning the flat surface into an uneven and rugged surface. Causing Prime Time to lose his balance.

"Whoa shit!" He curses under the force of the tremor. Stumbling slightly as he holds onto the bat for support while Pinky throws a hand out and a stream of slick oil coats the uneven ground.

Gully turns the ground flat again and pulls the bat. Making Prime Time fall over as the slick oil slips finds its way under his feet and stealing his stability. Falling right into Gully's open hand. She grabs him by the neck and stands up. Her enhanced strength and six foot and a half frame lifting the clone off his feet.

"You… have a lot of explaining to do." She huffs, feeling the heat radiate off of him through her hand and skin.

"Aghk! I ain't gotta do, shit!" He chokes out, grabbing her wrist with both hands. And delivering a high speed Indian burn.

"Ah!" Gully shouts in pain, dropping the man to hold her wrist and try to soothe the pain.

Prime Time turns to run away, nearly slipping and eating the pavement in his rush. Abandoning the trio for now as he retreats to rethink his approach. Having targeted and come up short twice in one night.

Pinky crawls out from underneath Gully as the large girl stands up. Getting to her hands and knees, Pinky pulls up her leggings and inspects her legs. Wincing at the two dark and angry bruises forming on her shins.

"Are you alright?" Gully asks, reaching out a hand to help her up.

"I don't think anything's broken." Pinky recoils slightly as weight is put on her legs. But aside from the soreness, she feels otherwise fine. "I think I'll be good for now."

"That's-" Gully starts.

"Night!" Pinky suddenly turns to the fallen mercenary. Jogging over and kneeling beside the bloodied man.

'Fine enough to jog.' Gully mentally notes.

Pinky goes to her secret friend and looks him over. Turning him from his back to his side like she remembered from some first aid class. Though she can't recall if it was specific to seizures or not.

Nightcrawler is unconscious, but breathing. His nose broken and bloody, along with several teeth having been knocked out.

"We-we need to get him out of here!" Pinky says with a tone of urgency, just as a loud crash is heard nearby.

"We can't." Gully says. "If he's hurt really bad then moving him too much might kill him."

"He was knocked in the teeth." Pinky hisses. "It's not like he was hit by a car!"

"Pinky!" Gully raises her voice. "He took a metal bat to the face. He could have a fractured vertebrae in his neck."

"Well then what are we-" Pinky starts, before the building next to them shakes and the two instinctively look up as debris falls around them.

Their eyes widen in horror as they see the silhouette of a large, arachnid squid like monster against the night sky. Panic and fear filling them and fueling their actions, Pinky turns to run.

But Gully stomps her foot and brings the earth around them to raise up and shield them. The sound of large cracks and the impact of stone on stone as the makeshift tent of earth protects them.

"What do we do!?" Pinky shouts over the sound of falling rubble.

"I-I, give me a minute!" Gully shouts as she tries to think. "We, we uh, we need to find a safer vantage point!"

"How?" Pinky asks just as the building above stops collapsing onto them. "And we can't leave Nightcrawler here, he'll die!"

"We, we need to. Um." Gully goes through the options in her head.

She never imagined she'd be in this situation. Where she'd be responsible for coordinating a response to an Endbringer event. She's not, but in the moment it feels that way. With a giant, now two giant monsters fighting a building away. A downed hero, and backup not guaranteed.

"Okay, we need to see who's here." Gully says as she pulls out her phone and accesses the tracker app to see where all the registered individuals are.

Dragon is registered as being on the other side of the building they're behind and across the street. Armsmaster is with her in roughly the same location. Firebreather and Laserdream are a few blocks away and moving towards them. Then there's Dauntless's signature not far away. There's also an unknown signature near that just reads new user. And Jenny is, nowhere near.

Zooming out of the map, Gully feels a pit form in her chest as she notices Jenny's signature is rapidly leaving the area.

She has no time to contemplate that though, as another rumble shakes the ground and the building next to them collapses. Falling on top of them as Echidna's weight smashes through the protective tent Gully made.

-Time 1:40am-

.

.

-West Slums, 1:35 am-

.

.

3rd Person POV, With Fire and Crystal

.

"At this rate we'll need to call in an Endbringer attack!" Crystal yells as she flies beside Firebreather. Slowing her own flight to stay close to her injured boyfriend.

"Why haven't they called it yet?" Fire asks as he powers through the pain of using his wings with an exposed shoulder and the various lacerations.

She couldn't tell him. It's not even like New Wave is the first on sight. Armsmaster and Dauntless are here. Though she hadn't seen much of the greek themed hero. For all his popularity, he doesn't seem to actually do much in major battles.

'It's his calves.' Laserdream tells herself. 'Gotta be.'

In a few more moments, Laserdream and Firebreather make it back to the street. If it can be called that as it's nearly completely ruined. A fact that gets punctuated as the monster is slammed into a building by the newer monster. The tentacles of the black creatures lower half wrapping around and strangling the various heads of the main monster.

As they fly over and spot Dragon and Armsmaster on a roof, overlooking the battle of titans. The black monster slams Echidna into the building they're against, collapsing the structure under the force and weight.

"This is getting out of hand, and fast." Crystal says as they descend to meet with Armsmaster and Dragon.

Armsmaster turns to look at the approaching heroes, making note of Firebreather's very visible state of distress. His brow furrowing under his helm as he regards the hero.

"I had believed you'd be smart enough to leave." He says with a frown. "Especially after you nearly got yourself killed."

"Armsmaster." Dragon's suit, model Firesuit, echoes its creator's voice. Turning its armored 'head' to the man. Before addressing the two. "Firebreather, are you certain you should be fighting?"

"I'm tougher than I look." Fire gives a convincing smile, before turning to the scene of destruction. "Besides, we have bigger issue than how I feel."

"Please don't say that." Dragon's voice echoes, earning a bit of respect from Crystal. "But as for the current issue, we're waiting for further developments while the PRT calls in help."

"What do you mean?" Crystal asks, her brow furrowing in disbelief as she looks between the fight and the world class Tinker. "Are they calling in an Endbringer event?"

"No." Armsmaster says. "We're waiting to see how this fight plays out. If the second creature is trying to kill the first, then anything we do will only get in its way."

"That, and getting involved now might turn both creature's attention towards us." Dragon explains further. "In which case an Endbringer alarm is-"

Kakaaaaaak!

The air rings and shakes with the force of a jet breaking the sound barrier. Making Fire and Crystal flinch as Armsmaster instinctively reaches for his halberd, that isn't their.

Not a second later and a building down the street collapses in on itself. Earning everyone's attention, even the second monster as it looks to the building. Leaving the first one behind it as it races for the destroyed structure.

But it is that moment of distraction, that moment that allows the original beast of amalgamated flesh to turn the tables. One of the large wolf heads lashes out, using its elongated neck to turn around and grab onto one of the black beast's lower tendrils. Pulling it back and slamming it into the street, ripping the tendril from its body. The black beast going still before slowly dispersing into motes of dust.

Leaving the fleshy monster to its own as it lets out a roar of satisfaction. An expression of emotion and intelligence that hints at a mind behind the destruction.

"Well there goes that." Crystal mutters as behind the beast, one of its mouths wretches and hurls up two figures. A shapely blonde woman, and an armored hulk of a person.

"Oh, fucking hell." Fire groans as he notices the same.

"I've been able to determine the factor behind the creature's cloning." Armsmaster says as he opens a pad on his gauntlet and checks something and goes to check his boot.

"Yeah, and what's tha- Agh!" Firebreather rears back in pain as Armsmaster removes a syringe from an armored compartment on his calf and jabs it into Fire's exposed shoulder muscle. "Dick! What was that for!"

"Col-Armsmaster!" Dragon hisses while keeping watch on the new clones as one flies off and the other… digs under ground.

Laserdream rushes forward and flips midair to plant both feet on Armsmaster's chest. Pushing him back as she throws up a shield and checks on her boyfriend.

"The hell was that for!?" Fire bares his teeth at the armored tinker.

"If you're going to insist on being here then I might as well make you less of a liability." He coldly says as he deposits the syringe back into the compartment on his calf. "You're not healed, but the pain should numb itself in a moment."

"You prick!" Crystal turns to the tinker, lowering her shield to address him. "We don't know how he'll react to-to what that was!"

"Crystal, it's fine." Fire says softly as he puts a hand on her shoulder, but maintains a glare at the PRT hero. "It's actually working." He lies to calm her down.

"You can thank me later." Armsmaster says as he holds his hand and a new halberd appears in his grasp. "Right now we need to keep the monster contained as best we can while backup arrives."

.

.

-With the new clones-

.

'Being born a few moments ago is… odd. Given that I have most of my memories from before I was made.' Gully's clone contemplates as she looks for clothes to cover up in. 'Not that my blueprint could claim the same.'

Standing hunched over with broad shoulders and a frame that screamed bulk. Where Gully was over six feet, this girl was over nine. Not that you could tell she was a girl with her tannish grey armored hide of a skin. Looking more like an upright rhino with a wide faced human head. Sporting four fingers as opposed to five.

"Wreck the buildings." The clone of Laserdream says as she fixes the bloody black jacket on herself. Looking much the same as her own blueprint, if a tad off. Slightly shorter with slimmer legs, eyes a shade off and hair a shade brighter.

"But I haven't found anything to wear-" The larger starts to protest.

"Don't care!" She flips her hair as she struts through the clothing store. "Just do, Dilo."

"It's Gorver." The newly named clone growls down at her.

"You're whatever the fuck I wanna call you." She turns to the armored girl with a smirk. "Sorry hun, but the morbidly freakish don't get a say in how people see them."

"Big talk from someone a tenth my size." Gorver tells the five and a half foot girl as she stands at her nine foot plus height. Her bald head breaking the ceiling above her.

"Aw, it's cute that you think that means something." She clicks her tongue.

"Girls, girls, you're both pretty." Blastzone says as he steps away from a clothing rack in a pair of black jeans.

"Speaking of freaks." Crystal rolls her eyes in disgust.

"Yeah yeah get it out of your system." He says as he cracks his neck and looks to Gorver. "Take your time." He turns back to the unnamed clone. "Ray, you're with me."

"Who gave you the right to name me?" The girl crosses her arms and glares at the reptilian clone as he walks towards her. "What, just because you got a big dick means you can boss- huuhh!" She doubles over as Blastzone delivers a right hook to her gut. Reaching an arm around her back to pull her close as he speaks into her ear.

"I'm the boss, because I fucking said so." He whispers. "Now get out there, and help me kill the pathetic little heroes camping across the street. Got it?"

He punctuates his point by pressing the tip of his tail into her thigh. Digging it in just enough to go through the purple leggings she found and draw blood from her skin.

"Y-yes." She lets out a strangled reply.

"Good girl." Blastzone says as he lets up and steps back. Giving her a condescending smile as he ruffles her hair. Before dropping the pretense and shoving her towards the door. "Go."

Ray flies out of the thrift shop, both eager to vent her anger and get away from the tyrant Blastzone.

He may be the strongest of them, and the oldest. But that doesn't mean she has to like him. Ray flies up and spots the armored tinker that she knows is Armsmaster. And from what she can recall of the memories gifted to her, she found the perfect target to vent on.

Honing in on the hero as he runs across the rooftops, she throws her hands out and unleashes a fiery laser that nails the man in the back as he nears a ledge. Scorching his back and making him stumble forth.

Turning around to confront the threat, Ray flies over Armsmaster's head and blasts him from above. Grinning as she sees his helm smoke from the heat of her lasers. The blue varnish evaporating with a chemical smell that burns the nose hairs.

"You're not Laserdream." He notes as he turns to her, his suit's internals picking up on the subtle differences in her appearance. As well as picking up on the fact that her lasers burn more than push.

"No shit." Ray scoffs, raising a purple shield that follows her hand as Armsmaster throws his halberd. Batting the weapon aside with an almost disrespectful ease as she hovers in place. Hand on her hip as she stares down at him. "Want to try that again?" She says with a patronizing tone.

"If you're offering." He says as the halberd teleports to his hand.

Ray prepares a shield, before a searing pain courses through her. Making her yelp in shock as she stumbles forward.

Dauntless was moving to meet up with Armsmaster and had noticed the scuffle. And rather than wait things out, had taken action. Running over to the building behind Ray and extended his Arclance. Striking the clone with an electrically charged energy spear.

Not one to waste an opportunity, Armsmaster throws his halberd. Ray raises her hand to make a shield and protect herself, but the weapon releases an electrical pulse before it gets near her. Sending more electricity out and into her. Making her seize under the constant assault.

"Back off!" Blastzone comes in from the side and barrels into Armsmaster, carrying him off the side of the building. Laying into the Tinker and throwing him to the ground below as his chest glows green with a building energy blast.

"No you." Blastzone hears as a robotic voice as he's tackled from the side by a tall feminine robot. Dragon's firesuit having slammed him away.

Blastzone looks to the robotic combatant and unleashes the charge he was building for Armsmaster. Grinning as the shot hits point blank, but the grin is short lived as an arm swings around and clamps down around him.

"Unfortunately for you." Dragon's unnaturally cold voice comes through as she takes them up and out of the smoke cloud. "This suit was made with extreme heat and ballistics in mind."

Blastzone tries again, only this time he lets his charge build up.

Figuring out his plan, Dragon tightens her hold on Blastzone. His back popping and forcing him to unleash his blast early. All while Dragon flies them higher and higher.

"It may take a minute, but I've deemed you the biggest threat." Dragon says, letting a bit of meanness show in her voice as she flies higher faster. "So we're going to test your lung's efficiency. How high do you think you can breath?"

Back on the ground, or rather the rooftops. Armsmaster manages to get stop his fall. Inversing the teleporter matrix on his halberd and tossing it to the roof. Making him land in front of Dauntless just in time to catch a punch from Ray.

Armsmaster squeezes her fist in his hand, cracking and breaking her fingers under the cold metal. Ray screams in pain as she fires a laser from the broken appendage. Forcing Armsmaster to let go as his suit takes damage from the heat. The joints of his fingers sparking as he pulls back.

Dauntless stands beside Armsmaster as the two need no communication to act. Both men thrusting their weapons into the clone and electrocuting her simultaneously. Sending her back as she convulses on the roof.

Dazed and only faintly aware of her surroundings. Ray gets afloat as she tries to flee. But only gets a few feet before a blast of concussive force to her back sends her sprawling to the street below.

Crystal descends from above with a sneer as she watches her clone fall. Having noticed the commotion, she rushed ahead of Firebreather to intercept and get the drop on the imitation.

"Okay, so how do we handle these things?" Dauntless asks.

"I say we put them down." Crystal says before angling herself down and shooting after her clone.

"Laserdream!" Armsmaster shouts. "You need to focus on the main threat!"

But she wasn't listening. Her mind made up to destroy her clone before she does or says something that can't be undone. Motivated by part self preservation, part vanity and insult at having a copycat. Crystal throws out her hands and fires at her clone, intent on forcing her to meet the ground faster.

Only for her clone to expertly flip around mid fall and correct her flight. Throwing up a shield to stop the blast long enough to move out of the way. The laser hitting the sidewalk below with no consequence as Ray lets Crystal overtake her to attack her from behind.

Feeling an unnatural hatred for her original. Ray opts to not use her lasers and just grabs onto Crystal from behind.

"Ah!" Crystal cries out as Ray balls up her hair in a fist and forces her to stare at the ground as she adds her own flight powers to force them down.

"Smile!" Ray says with an elated grin. "I want to see if the blood splatter will show it."

"Like hell!" Crystal shouts as she pulls up while entering a corkscrew to throw the clone off.

She succeeds in slowing down significantly, but not in throwing Ray off of her as they hit the pavement with a wet crack. Crystal's face hitting the ground first, followed by Ray's knees.

Crystal's head is thrown back. Snapping her neck at an angle and ending her life instantly.

Ray floats away and curses under the pain of her scrapped and likely broken knees. Turning around to look at her original.

"You know." She says as she inspects Crystal's prone, unmoving form laying face down on the ground. The concrete around her head slowly growing shiny under the moonlight as blood pools under her. "It's a shame, I mean with an ass like that? Hate to see it go." She smirks in self satisfaction. "Good thing there's another to make up for the loss."

Ray allows the moment of satisfaction to wash over her. Taking a sick and twisted form of pride in having killed off her original, whereas Blastzone had failed to do the same.

Stumbling back, Ray holds her side as the moment fades alongside the adrenaline. The pain of everything she just endured flooding into her. From the skinning of her knees to the burning numbness where she was electrocuted.

"CRYSTAL!" Ray looks up to see the descending form of Firebreather.

"Oh good." Ray groans in frustration.

Firebreather pays the clone no attention as he scoops up Crystal and immediately flies off. Cradling his girlfriend in his arms as he flees the scene. Leaving Ray to consider her options.

She's in no position to really fight. But at the same time, if she doesn't do something to draw attention then her maker might be put on the chopping block. And Firebreather is no doubt about to come back with a vengeance.

As much as she'd love to ruin the freak further, she needs to prioritize. Find Gorver and any other possible siblings. Then make an actual plan of attack.

.

.

Firebreather desperately flies as fast as he can. Getting Crystal as far from the fight as possible before setting her down on a roof in the commercial district.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck." He curses as he moves a hand to her neck, checking for a pulse.

…

He waits, hoping it's just faint.

…

But with every second that passes, his own heart beats faster. Almost as though to compensate, as though it could beat for two.

"No… no, no no no no." Firebreather heaves as his chest tightens in pain. Images of another, a dark haired woman laying cold on the ground. Memories of the past coming back.

"No. No!" Fire grabs his head, stumbling back and trying desperately to hold back the tears.

Fire floods his vision as dark haired woman reaches for him.

"Duncan!"

"NO!" He screams, his chest glowing in response to his stress.

"Duncan run!"

"NO!" He screams as the memory leaves just as soon as it flooded his mind. Leaving him with the confusion and despair that comes with loss. The loss of family. The loss of a loved one.

"Ha, ha, whauh, ha?" He looks around the roof, looking for something to ground him from this as his despair turns to anger. His chest glowing as he's filled with a burning rage.

.

.

Taylor was way in over her head.

Though in her defense, who could've guessed that the night she chose to start her career as a hero was the night Tetsuo Shima was going to happen!

Heroes like Firebreather, Laserdream, Dragon, Armsmaster and even Dauntless are out here! She was in swim goggles with a painter's respirator without any filters to protect her identity, wearing an inside out jacket to make the outside black and the inside yellow and desert camo pants that she stitched extra pockets into and a pair of steel toed boots she borrowed from her dad's work. She even had foam knee pads underneath the pants and a twenty pound weighted vest under her yellow shirt for protection.

She looked more like a poor cosplay of Miss Militia than anything useful in this fight.

Watching Laserdream crash face first into the pavement across the street was her breaking point. And in a panic she ducked into the nearest open building, which happened to be a second hand clothing store with the doors broken down.

"What am I even doing here?" She asks herself as she leans against the side of a nearby shelf. Grabbing at her head in distress, trying to think over the sounds of destruction and fighting.

"You tell me." A deep, guttural voice asks as a sense of fear surges through her and her body moves on its own. Leaping out of the way as a massive fist occupies the space she once took up.

Rolling on her side, she looks over to see a large beast of a creature. Greyish brown in color and with a flat, wide face. Eyes far apart and lips pulled taut giving it an almost froglike appearance. A quick glance reveals the cracked tile under her massive fist.

Taylor stares at the leathery mass of corded muscle roughly the size of her own head. Her chest feeling tight as she realizes that could've been her instead of the floor. Or perhaps it would matter and the floor would just be bloody and broken? Either way Taylor feels lightheaded as she reaches out with her power.

'I just need to survive this, oh god please!' She thinks to herself and her power subconsciously works with that goal in mind as Gorver lifts her fist back up and sneers at Taylor.

Taylor's instincts scream at her. Making her get up and run as Gorver starts to lumber towards her. Not, very fast. But the sheer size and the quaking of the earth beneath her feet are enough to convey the need to flee.

"What's the matter!?" Gorver yells as she stomps a foot into the ground and surges forward, tearing up the floor as the earth moves under Gorver to push her forth.

"Ah!" Taylor screams as she ducks under the swing of a massive arm that slams into the wall behind her. Digging in and dragging across the brick, ripping out chunks as the monster flings the stone at Taylor like a child splashing water.

Crawling back to her feet, Taylor runs down an aisle of shelves holding rows of folded clothes. Too caught up in her panic to notice her power locking in on something. Stumbling to a stop as Gorver slams through the shelves in front of her. Turning to sneer angrily at her. Her upper lip curling to reveal large, crooked yellow teeth.

Taylor backsteps to avoid a clumsy swipe from the monstrous clone. Only to realize she has nowhere to go as Gorver surges forth, the ground rumbling as pushes her forth. Shoulder checking the young wannabe hero. Pushing her across twenty feet and into the wall.

The smaller girls slams into the wall with a thud, crumpling to the ground the moment Gorver stops applying pressure.

Gorver snorts as she turns away. Neither satisfied nor remorseful. Just… uncaring of the life she might've taken.

If not for Taylor not having so much as a scratch on her person. Her power having reached out and taken Gorver's durability for herself. Not that Gorver noticed, her natural muscle providing enough protection to keep her safe under most conditions.

Taylor groans as she gets back to her feet, and immediately realizes her folly. The sound earning Gorver's attention as she turns around and notices Taylor's lack of being dead.

"You're a durable one." Gorver growls, then grins. "Good."

.

Next time: Kitsu gets involved

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Past Shenanigans: The Windy City part 1

Credit to Thundersmight94 for the idea

.

.

-Chicago, Illinois, 2007-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Do-doo da-do-do, da-do-do, mahamana." I hum as I walk along the ledge, arms behind my back as I feel the wind in my hair.

I walk towards the ledge overlooking a six story drop. And turn, feeling no need or desire to take a fall right now…. Maybe when I get bored.

Beeeeewwwwmmm

"Oh?" My ears perk up to the sound. Tilting my head to listen in for any follow up to the sound.

…

"Guess it twas not but a thing-"

Beewmm

"And now I turn!" I say as I pivot on my foot, running along the ledge and jumping off. "Weeeeeeee!"

Smack!

"Ow." I mutter as I pick myself from the concrete, ignoring the people around me as I hop to my feet and close my eyes.

"Are you okay-" A man walks over and asks, before I throw a fist out and give him a charlie horse.

"Shhhh!" I hush him as he nurses his leg. "I'm hunting wabbits."

"Aah! I was just trying to help!" He cries out, but I ignore him as I turn a few times. Before making a guess, and pick a random direction to run.

Dodging around several people as I use a little bit of the energy I just got to run faster.

'In hindsight, I should've stayed on the rooftops.' I think to myself as I jump over a stroller. Zipping through the streets of the windy city and looking for the booms.

Crsshh!

I wince at the sound of broken glass. And cover my ears as an alarm goes off soon after.

Running towards that. Passing a mugging and a drug deal, I find myself in front of an electronics store. Inside, a small tank like vehicle is running over the place as two robotic arms reach out and grab the stuffs.

Outside the store, in a skintight black and green suit is the infamous mercenary, Shego. Casually leaning against the brickwork as she inspects her nails.

"You about done in there!?" She looks up to yell.

The hatch on top of the tank opens up to reveal a blue skinned man with yellow eyes, wearing a solid green army helmet.

I respect it.

That's Drakken! In this world he's a Case 53 Tinker. And Shego is a mercenary he employs.

"What!?" He yells as the roar of the tank's engine softens.

While I cover my ears and walk around to the side of the building Just out of their view. And find the powerbox to the store.

Where I envision a small dagger in my hand, folding the light on itself to increase durability, and proceed to stab the box. Sparks flying and all that junk as the alarm finally stops.

"Oh thank god." I hear Shego mutter. "Thought that thing'd never stop."

"It's not supposed to." I can hear Drakken mutter through the wall. "Shego! Check the back!"

Looking around, I decide I have nothing better to do. And just shrug. Dropping to a crouch, I channel some energy to my legs and jump the two stories of the building. Using an illusioned pane to push me over onto the roof.

Looking down over the ledge, I watch as Shego cautiously walks into the alley and circles around to the back. Finding the broken power box and summoning a green, almost ethereal energy around her hands as she looks around the alley.

Feeling mischievous, I decide to test a new trick I've been working on. By vibrating the molecules I use to make illusions, I can make sound. And I more than just a pop or a shriek.

"HeY you" I make a warbled, almost robotic, underwater sounding androgynous voice say from behind a trashcan.

I was trying to replicate Drakken's voice.

Not that it matters, seeing as Shego goes for the shoot first ask questions maybe tactic as she tosses an orb of wavy green energy that blasts the trashcan to pieces.

"SHEGO!" Drakken yells for his hireling, and she comes running.

"Man he is loud." I think to myself as I turn around and walk to the front side of the building. "He must pay a lot because I know I wouldn't stick around with that… I need to stop talking to myself."

Leaning over the ledge at the front. I watch as redhead with a ponytail in a skintight black top with blue cargo pants and a purple mask that has tassels flowing from it.

"You couldn't handle the brat?" Shego huffs.

"I'm busy." Drakken's voice echoes from within the building.

"You won't get away with this Drakken!" The girl, who I know recognize as a younger Kim Possible! Says.

"Uh huh." He says, and Shego launches a blast at the younger hero.

It should be noted that I can hear someone sneaking around the back of the building. Judging by the sound of the footsteps it's either a heavier girl, or a guy who doesn't know how to sneak.

Or a short person with an unnaturally long stride. Weirder things have happened, I mean look at me!

"Guess I'll find out." I tell myself as I hear them find the access ladder on the back of the building and start to climb it.

Conjuring a mirror with my illusions to see who or what it is. And I'm mildly surprised by the skinny blonde boy in a tactical vest, olive green cargo pants and an orange undershirt. With a pair of welding goggles on as he huffs and steps onto the roof. Pausing as he notices me.

"Oh don't mind me!" I wave him off, not bothering to turn around.

"Uh… okay? Fluffy, cat tailed girl." He says with a nasally voice.

And now I have to do something.

"Excuse you!?" I turn around, tearing myself from watching the fight as I prepare to put a freckle faced blonde in his place.

"Uh, um. Oh!" He steps away from the ladder and gestures to it. "After you!"

"Cat, cat?" I say as I march over to him.

"Uh, I uh." He stutters, backing away from the ladder and towards the side of the building.

"A feline? I understand that some may find that a compliment." I say as I point my finger up to poke his chest. "But I will not be equated to a lowlife creature that when push comes to shove can't even be a proper dog. I mean, canines could figure out how to be a cat."

"Um, what?" He nervously asks as he bumps against the ledge... and starts to fall. "Wuh-waaaaahh!"

Cersh!

"I'm okay!" He shouts.

"Good!" I say and jump over the ledge, landing on top of him in the dumpster he fell into.

"Uugh!" He groans. "My spleen."

I smile innocently, standing on his gut as I refuse to step on the trash. And as a boy, it's his job to make sure a lady like me is not inconvenienced.

"Uhhhh." He opens eyes, and they shrink into pinpricks when I grin.

.

.

Kim "Ace" Possible POV

.

I dodge under a punch from the super powered fist. Quickly reaching back behind my head to snag a ribbon and wrap it around Shego's arm. Using the leverage to pull her down and punch her gut.

"Urrrr!" She growls, bearing her teeth as she brings her leg up and kicks me in my side. Sending me back as my ribbon is burned by her plasma infused arm. "Right in the ribs! Seriously?"

"Stop doing crime!" I say as reach into my back pocket and grab a smoke bomb. "You don't see me complaining, and you kicked me!"

"A girl's gotta get paid somehow, someday you'll understand that." Shego rolls her eyes, still not taking me seriously as she raises a hand to inspect her nails. "Or maybe you won't. I don't care."

"You really-"

"Aaah!" I hear Ron cry out in distress.

"Ron-Lucky!" I correct myself as I look towards the building Drakken is rummaging through.

"Nice save." Shego says.

"Stop! I need that! Aaahahaha!" I hear him cry out.

"Got it!" Drakken shouts as he holds up some geek equipment while I run and check on my partner.

I come around the side of the building, and can only gawk at what I'm seeing.

"Please!" Ron begs as little girl with a large fluffy tail is holding him by his ankles and shaking him up and down. Emptying his pockets.

"W-what?" I can only mutter in disbelief.

"H-help me-e!" Ron cries out. "I'm be-ing ro-ob by a li-ttle girl!"

"And you deserve it for calling me the c word!" The little girl yells while shaking him.

"Stop! Wait, what?" I run in to save Ron, before the words click. "What did he say?"

The little girls stops and looks to me with blue-green catlike eyes and smiles. Her large fox ears perking up as she smiles.

"Just that this blonde did a dumb." She says as she drops him.

"Oof!" Ron falls, and then the girl jumps off of the dumpster and lands on him. "Again?" He wheezes as she bends down and starts collecting random stuff from off the ground.

"He called me the C word!" She says with too much enthusiasm.

"I didn't." Ron whines. "I was just trying to get a get vantage point."

"Okay, Lucky may be many things." I say as I cross my arms in defiance. "But I know he'd never say that."

"Hm. Hm. Mh-hm." She nods, then looks to Ron. "Did call me something that starts with a C and ends with a T?

"You mean caaaagh!" He groans as the girl kicks his side.

"R-Lucky! You didn't!" I gasp as I realize she may be speaking the truth.

"What did I do!?" He groans while rolling over and holding his stomach.

"SHEGO!"

"Hang on! I'm watching the blonde brat get shaken down by a brattier blonde."

I turn around to face the smiling mercenary, remembering why I'm here.

"You really wanna focus on my?" She smirks and points behind me. "Because the hairball just stole your boyfriends wallet."

"He's not my boyfriend!" I say reflexively… then turn around to see the girl is gone.

And not a second later, Drakken's tank bursts through the wall of the electronics store. And Drakken himself pops up out of the hatch.

"Shego!" He looks our way. "Let's go!"

"Alright." She says.

I turn to stop her, to maybe catch her off guard and finally bring her in. Bring someone in who isn't just an average crook. But as I turn, she was already wall running over me.

I watch her land on the back of the tank as it starts to take off.

"Ooh." She gives me a look of pity and clicks her tongue. "Better luck next time kiddo!"

The tank takes off, driving through the wall of a building and cutting through to the main street where it speeds off.

"Drat!" Kick a rock down the alley. "They got away again!"

"Hey, it could always be worse." Ron says as he gets up. "You could always-" He stops as his pants fall to reveal white boxers with red hearts. "Ah!" He moves to cover himself, bur falls face first.

The little girl, had stolen his belt and tied his shoe laces together.

…

I don't even know what to say.

Prt Database 2007

.

.

Alias: Ace

Name: Kim Possible

Sex: Female

Height: 5' (152.4 cm)

Weight: 90 lbs (40.8 kg)

Hair color: Orange

Eye color: green

Age: 14

.

Rating: D

Dynamic Brute 2: Her powers follow a theme of making her exceptional as compared to the average person. Able to withstand far more punishment than normally possible through an instinctual power. Always moving and positioning herself in a way that causes the least amount of injury.

Mover 2: Able to run up to twenty miles per hour, despite her age and size.

Striker 2: In line with her theme of being exceptional. She instinctively knows how to apply the right amount of force or just where to hit an opponent.

Thinker 2: Near perfect memory. She is capable of learning and perfecting new skills at a near superhuman rate.

.

Alias: Lucky Break

Name: Ronald Stoppable

Sex: Male

Height: 5'3" (160.2cm)

Weight: 90 lbs (40.9 kg)

Hair: blonde

Eyes: brown

Age: 14

.

Rating: D

Shaker 2: Has an uncontrollable and inconsistent power to effect probability. Often resulting in "bad luck" for him and those around him, yet when in dangerous situations he "luckily" always comes out relatively unharmed.

Addendum: (Myrrdin) I once witnessed an armored vehicle barrel towards him, only for a manhole cover it drove over break under its wheel and cause the automobile to bounce and drive on it's side. Skidding around the boy and leaving him unharmed. Only for him to trip on a rock and chip his tooth.

.

.

A/N

.

The reason Blastzone seems so, sadistic towards Ray, is because his personality is such that he is abusive towards the ones he likes. And Ray is just an overall bitch.

.

Heroes are being called in. It's just that they've been able to keep Echidna confined to one area that they haven't escalated their response. If Echidna had a goal or target and just ignored the heroes or concentrated on them, then the heroes would need to step up their game fast.

In other words: She's not taking this seriously. Because she doesn't need to.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

.

FOR KITSU!

.

FOR ANYONE ELSE!
.
Please ask questions of the characters, I really enjoy writing them and it helps me mentally flesh them out.

.

As always leave me comments. I want them all. Every last one of them. Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Tell me what you like, what you don't like (just don't be a prick about it) seriously, it makes my day and really motivates me.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, chikenman01 and 56 others
Newb to the game
Aug 18, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 89 Fiery Rage New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Oct 5, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,252
A/N Fiery Rage

Alt title: Out Of Control

.

.

Super short chapter, just to get me back into writing Kitsu.

From now on, responses to the reviews will be at the end of the chapter.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

- West Slums, Tuesday, October 19th, 1:45am-

.

.

Firebreather POV

.

She's dead.

The idea is fresh in my mind as I soar over the city, heading back to the scene of the fight. My exposed shoulder stinging under the force of the wind hitting the muscle and sinew. Keeping the pain raw even as I feel the painkillers Armsmaster gave me work to dull some of it. While the rest of my muscles are burning in pain just as much, though from a pain of exhaustion. Everything aches, begging me to stop.

But I can't, not right now. Not until, not before I put that bitch in an urn!

Duncan! Run away! I'll be fine!

'Who are you?' I think to myself as the image keeps playing on repeat in my mind. My throat tightening up every time her voice echoes in my mind. And when she leaves, Crystal's lifeless eyes show up. And it's driving me crazy!

The woman, she's tall, much taller than me, with brown hair and a kind face. I don't know why I think she has a kind face, she just does. She's scared as flames roar around her. And she calls out to someone named Duncan while looking at me.

'Why am I scared for you?' I think as the memory brings nothing but pain.

Duncan run! Get outside!

That's where it ends, and my heart aches. Followed by a roaring anger as Crystal comes back to my mind.

The glow of my chest as it heats up is bright enough to light my way as I fly. My heart drums up a storm, my blood hammering in my ears as I find my way back to the scene of destruction.

A quick survey of the area reveals three collapsed buildings and blood splattered all over the street. The beast of flesh and animals roaring as it starts marching east towards the shoreline.

I don't have time to wonder why as it suddenly stops, one of its mouths opens up and spews out a few more clones that I don't recognize. One a dark red with a slim tail, the other two looking more normal. Normal as in human that is.

Not giving it a second thought, I drop down to the site. Tucking my wings in and nosediving. I see red as I target the first one, a dark skinned man who turns to me at the last second. His eyes widening as I reach out a clawed hand.

With sickening ease, I run my arm through him like a spear.

"Ugh!" He coughs up blood as my hand is impaled through his chest. Dragging him along across the road, scraping him across the pavement and weaving to the side. I avoid one of the legs of the monster and head towards a brick wall. I turn up, tossing the clone in my grasp at the building and watching him smack against the wall with a wet crack. Blood splattering against the red brick.

I slam into the building he's against, my hand around his neck as I open my mouth to vent my flames.

His screams barely reach my ears. Before I stop, letting his corpse fall to the ground. Huffing, I turn just in time to catch a foot to the face. Knocking my head to the side as I put a hand behind me to support myself against the wall.

"AGH!" The red skinned clone cries out before disappearing in a puff of smoke. Leaving me with the flesh monster and the third clone.

A man around my age, who picks up some rubble and throws it at me.

"Ah!" I cry out as the rocks hit me with the force of a twelve gauge. Knocking me back into the splatter of blood on the wall behind me. Some projectiles hitting the brick behind me and exploding in puffs of dirt, blood and debris against the hard surface. Shaking my head of the fuzz, I flap my wings and shoot up to avoid a second volley.

Getting a good ways up, a long, furry tentacle with tooth like spikes comes slamming down from above. Opening my mouth once more, a cone of fire spews out and fends off the tendril that takes a swipe at me. A moment later, I reach the height of the nearby building's fifth story before I stop.

"Firebreather!" I swear I hear someone call my name. But I ignore it as I hold my wings out and stall in the air. Twisting around I take a dive towards the clone on the ground.

I free fall for a second before I flap my wings for a boost and start spinning. Opening my mouth and venting more fire to mask and shield my approach. Making a coat of fire around me as I dive like a living meteor. Bullets of rock fly through the fire and past me before I open my wings to slow myself just before landing. Crashing to the ground with a thud that kicks up a cloud of debris, all is still

I flap my wings to dispel the dust cloud I kicked up. Below me, is the still living clone of someone I don't know. Blood on his lips as his chest is caved in under my foot.

With a snarl, I lift my foot from his bruising and bloody chest to stomp his face in with a sickening crack.

My breath is ragged and visible in the crisp fall air as I take a moment to-

"Shit!" I curse as the monster swings a long, claw tipped tendril out and snags into the exposed flesh of my shoulder. Throwing me to the side into a brick wall, and dragging me along the masonry. "Fuck, you!"

I grab the tendril in both hands and pull it over as I'm dragged into the air. And I bite into it. Ripping it apart and setting me free.

"Aaaarrrrooooogghmooo!" The creatures many heads roar simultaneously as I'm flung up with the momentum.

Stalling my ascent, I feel the heat return to my chest as I prepare to burn this rejected chimera into the world's largest burger.

I unleash my fire, only for it to fan out not ten feet from the beast. The flames dissipating to reveal a transparent red forcefield in the way.

"Nuh uh!" I hear her voice behind me.

I slowly turn to see her. Crystal, but not quite. She's a little shorter, and a tad slimmer. Her eyes are a little brighter in color and her hair has a slight wave as opposed to being ramrod straight. Like a twin that grew up looking just a little different.

It's almost uncanny.

"Hmm… you look a bit, different. Bet Crystal would've been salivating to get at you now!" She giggles, and I snarl. "Ooh. You're pissed." She smiles as she places a hand on her hip. "If it makes you feel better, it was nothing personal. Blastzone told me to take her out, so I did." She shrugs with a satisfied smile.

That, did not make me feel better. If anything, it made me feel worse. Angry in a way words can't describe. An anger and frustration that leaves the back of my head burning and throbbing as the drum of my own pulse deafens me.

"What?" She scoffs. "Cat got your tongue? Nothing to say for your beloved princess?" She waves a hand to gesture to herself.

That's my nickname for Crystal. A name she insisted I call her in private.

"You will burn." I growl through gritted teeth. My jaw clenched so tight I feel I may break it.

"Ooh!" She chuckles. "Scary~. What are you going to- ah!"

She squeals in surprise as I shoot down towards her. Extending an open clawed fist that smashes through a transparent red shield. The brief defense buying her enough time to fly out of the way.

"Haven't you ever heard of- ah!" She screams again as I open my mouth and a torrent of flames go off at her.

She outpaces my fire breath. But having personally sparred with Crystal several times. I can tell you that her clone is slower. And if she's slower than Crystal, then she's much slower than me.

"You are going to die." I tell her.

"What!?" She yells back and fires a laser. "Can't hear you over the sound of you losing!"

The laser is faster than Crystal's. And hits me before I can think about it. But it's a lot weaker than Crystal's. And does nothing to push me back.

"You think you can fight me?" She scoffs indignantly. Swiping her hand in the air, a score of transparent red shields slamming into my side and sending me sprawling in the air for a brief moment. Long enough for her to fly up to me and swipe her hands down like she's hammering a spike. Another series of shields crashing into me from above and sending me down towards the creature that birthed her.

Correcting myself before I hit the thing, I very nearly get my wing ripped off by what looks like a giant roach's leg that swipes at me.

Her shields are certainly stronger than Crystal's. And Crystal couldn't move them like this.

'Not again.' I think to myself as I learn her pattern and dodge a wave of shields that would've sent me into one of the maws of the thing below. 'She's targeting my blind spots, exclusively.'

Crystal is one to use obvious tactics like that too.

Dodging another shield that would've hit my wing and sent me falling, I take the opportunity to turn around and face her. And I feel my rage redouble from before. The uncanny appearance, like she's mocking me with Crystal's likeness. Like she stole her face, but didn't care enough to get it exactly right.

Flying straight up, I barrel towards her with my hand outstretched to tear into her.

"Boring~" She yawns and turns to the side. "Because it clearly isn't obvious, I have her memories dipshit. I know your limits and-"

I stop dead in front of her. Opening my wings wide and pushing myself down to make an immediate stop. Shocking her as I know Crystal's never seen me make an abrupt stop. Mostly because it hurts my shoulders.

But I can ignore that for now.

"W-wuht are- guh!" I bring a fist to her gut, the force of which sends her flying back as she has the good fortune to roll with the punch.

I could've kept my hand open, spear my arm right through her chest. But that'd be too quick.

'This isn't like you.' A little voice whispers in the back of my mind. 'You hate bullies.'

I grit my teeth and ignore it. Pushing the thought aside to focus on hunting down the clone.

'Is this what it feels like to be mastered?' I ask myself as I seem to be more and more okay with the fact I'm terrorizing this, thing. 'Because now I think I get it.'

I open my mouth and send out a torrent of flames at the fleeing clone. The fires get diverted by two red shields forming a wedge.

"Fuck off, you orange freak!" She calls out, turning around to face me as she flies backward and puts both hands in front of her. Using both hands to fire off a large, hot beam of red energy at me.

I duck and spiral around the beam as she tries to hit me. She stays facing me as she flies back. Seeing as she is blindly moving away from me, I move myself to direct her own flight. Hoping to make her crash.

And I end up succeeding, though not entirely in the way I wanted. Her laser cuts off as she slams into the corner of an apartment. Right through the window.

I follow her in, tucking my wings in to fit through and land safely on the carpeted floor. My gaze boring holes into the bitch on the ground in front of me. Sprawled on her back, she pants heavily as she stares back in fear. Not daring to move.

I take the first step, and in desperation, she manifests a red shield in front of me as I walk towards her.

"You know, there are many things Crystal doesn't know about me." I say, swiping my hand and smashing through her shield as she crawls backwards onto her feet. Her eyes wide in fear as she flees behind a counter to put something between us.

I raise an arm, and with one swift swing, bring it down and shatter the structure. Stepping over it to get to her.

She brings up a hand and unleashes another red beam at me. And I hold up my own, my open palm stopping the blast in its tracks as I muscle through the burning heat.

"Ever since I out sped her in a race above this city's skyline. She looked so insecure." I say as I walk towards her. The laser losing strength as I get closer. "Not to mention I quickly realized just how fragile most people are. So I've been holding back."

I get to her and grab my fist around hers.

"Because I didn't want her to feel out shown." I say and close my fist with a sickening crunch. Like the sound of snapping baby carrots. "And I didn't want to hurt anyone."

"Ah!" She screams in pain.

"Thanks to you, I don't have to worry about that anymore." I say through the puffs of flame that escape my mouth. With a snarl, I yank my arm back and rip her hand off. "Let me show you what that means!"

I let her get up and fly towards the kitchen window. Before I take after her with a leap. Tearing through the windowsill and bursting through the masonry like it were ceramic.

"This entire city!" I shout as I chase her through the twists and turns of the buildings. "Everyone in it! They're made of glass to me!"

I don't even know what I'm saying anymore as I chase Crystal's killer. But this tension in my chest needs to be let out.

'She's more predictable than Crystal.' I think to myself as she turns around another building.

I know what she's doing. She's taking advantage of the fact that I have to slow down to make sharp turns if I want to avoid slamming into the buildings.

The third corner I barrel through probably tipped her off that I'm not avoiding them.

"And you're no exception!" I feel my chest heat up as I see her and push my wings to their limit.

Reaching out, I grab her by the ankle and fan out my wings to stop us dead in the air. Feeling a snap in my grasp as her ankle dislocates with the force of the abrupt stop.

"Ah!" She cries out in pain, or shock. Maybe both.

I turn around and throw her back towards where we came. Hearing a sick crunch from her leg following my rough throw. I chase back after her and catch her as she ragdolls in the air.

My hand around her shoulder, I shove her back to the ground. Several shields shatter under her as she tries to break her fall. All while aiming a laser at me.

Dropping down after her, I cross my arms in front of my face to block the laser. I'm catching up to her when a solid hit to my side sends me veering off course. A shield having hit me mid fall and sending me careening off course. Separating us, I open my wings and stop myself before I slam into a wall at ground level. And a few seconds later, the wall next to me explodes under the force of a… rhino?

"Aaaagh!" The rhino person roars as a thin girl rides on top of it.

'Focus!' I tell myself and turn my attention back to…

She's gone.

I feel my throat grow tight as smoke seeps from the edges of my lips. My chest burning with more than just fire as my eyes scour the concrete. Falling onto the trail of blood that leads into a nearby building.

.

.

? POV

.

'On the one hand, I should help my fellow.' I think as I watch RayDaze flee into a building. 'On the other. The orange one tore through the others like wet paper.'

Perhaps it's best to let him distract himself with the girl. After all, the more he focuses on her, the les he focuses on our mutter.

'Take care Schwester!' I send a silent prayer as I fail to keep the smile from my face. 'I believe you will serve as an adequate diversion!'

.

.

RayDaze POV

.

'Fuck, fuck, fuck!' I curse as I trudge through the halls of a second hand store. Holding my hand to my stump as I use my lasers to cauterize the wound and stop leaving a trail for the orange lizard.

Every step hurts trying to move. Pretty sure I did something wrong when I popped my hip back into place. Maybe my ankle too.

Clack… clack… clack.

My eyes go wide in fear as I hear the sound of claws on tile. Memories I was born with telling me instantly what that is.

'What the fuck?' I think to myself as I cover my mouth to hide my panting.

How can this freak still be after me!? He's damn near as bloodied as me! Hell, some of the blood on me is his!

"You know I can hear your breathing?" My heart sinks as I hear him get closer.

'He's bluffing!' I tell myself and crouch down near a clothes rack. 'Fuck that, why is he so fucking persistent!? I mean, if anything he should be focusing on the mother, not me! It can't just be that I killed my original.'

He has to know Crystal was only interested in his body, right? I mean, everything in my memories tells me that he's not the brightest. But he can't be that oblivious.

'Then why is he so pissed!? Was the sex really that good for him?' I can't help but wonder. Fear for my admittedly short life drawing tears out of me. 'I just don't get why he's so persistent! Just leave me alone you tangerine tinted fuck!'

Fwoooooo

In less than a second I crawl to my feet and start fleeing as the clothing aisle is set ablaze.

"There you are." I hear a deep, gritty and downright terrifying voice as I flee.

"You're insane!" I call out.

"Stop talking like you care." He says as he catches up behind me and grabs my bicep. Throwing me back through the flames.

I manage to encase myself in a polyhedral of shields before I hit the flames. The shields guard me from the fire, but not the wall I slam into. My shields being good enough to cushion my crash, but enough to stick around much longer after that.

Hearing the clack of his feet on the tile, I look up and manage to see his devilish silhouette through the blaze. Slowly stalking towards me, his chest glowing bright enough to pierce through the light of the fire. And blacking out the rest of him.

"I did you a favor!" I say as the flames roar between us. Not that it stops him as he walks through the wall of fire as though it weren't there. "You know she only liked you for the sex, right?"

"I know." He admits calmly. His face shadowed by the light of the fire.

'Of course he knew!' I think to myself as I look for an escape. 'He refused the first time I, Crystal, tried to sleep with him!'

Actually, searching my memories for anything I can use against him. His rejection was the first thing that made my original want the relationship with him to be long term.

"Then, then you know I was just looking out for you." I say as he stands before me. And I start to sweat under his glare. "She-she was just using you. You have to realize that."

"Hearing her voice come from you is making me sick." He says and grabs me by the throat. And I feel several things break as he pushes us through the wall.

'Are you even listening to me!?' I try to scream.

"Gah!" I cough up blood as he lets go and punches me in the gut, sending me a few feet away and giving me the space to fly away.

I don't even think about it as I fly. I just know that being near him is a death sentence.

.

.

Firebreather POV

.

I fly after her. Done and read to end this fight.

"L-look! I had to do it!" She puts her hands out and layers a few shields to protect herself from my swipe as I close in.

I smash right through it, though I feel a claw snap at the last barrier. Something I'm no doubt going to feel later.

"Blastzone would've killed me if I didn't!" She pleads.

It falls on deaf ears. I don't care. She can make all the excuses she wants. It doesn't change the fact that she killed her. She took her from me.

I'm not even all that angry anymore. Just done.

"Please! I was just doing what I was told!" She cries out, tears trailing down her face as I grab her by the neck and hold her up. Her words blurring into meaningless sounds as they reach my ears. "Please! I-I can replace her! I have her memories! I am her! Just please!"

That, reignites some anger back into my system.

"Shut up!" I growl, grabbing her hand with my own as she brings it up to blast me. With a twist, I rip the appendage off and fully disarm her of her main weapon.

"P-please, Fire. It's still me. I'm still Crystal, just with a different body." She hiccups and cries. "Don't make me die again. Please, not you. Y-you can take me to Kitsu, or Amy! They can make me look just like her!"

I have to hold back. Otherwise I might've crushed her neck and popped her head like a cork. And that just wouldn't be enough. Not before I say what I need to.

"Crystal is dead." I snarl as I wrap my hands around her thin little neck. "You killed her. If you think I'd feel anything for you other than disgust and hatred, then you're too delusional to let live."

"Fire, please." She says, a small smile forming as I loosen my grip.

"You have her memories." I snarl as I hold her head in my hands, gently, almost caressing her cheeks as I feel the heat build in my chest. "Then you should know this one." I press her jaw and force her mouth open. "Swallow, bitch."

I open mine, and unleash a torrent of sickly yellow, almost white flames into her open mouth. Staring her right in the eye. Savoring the panic and pain that floods them, before they go slack and dull. Only when she gets lighter in my hands, do I stop. The flames subsiding to reveal her to be just a head from the nose up. The rest of her, charred to a crisp and falling to the ground.

"Rot in hell." I say under my breath, my chest still burning. But no fire to spew as I feel the weight of, everything, just… just get heavier. And I let my wings slow their beat as I descend to the ground. My body losing all energy as I just give in to the exhaustion.

My feet hit the ground first, then my knees as I look to the ground. Feeling the weight of everything just, just become too much.

'I just need, I just need a nap.' I tell myself as I close my eyes for a moment.

Opening them, I look up to see the charging horror. The monster that's been spewing twisted fakes of everyone. It's running right towards me.

'I should get up.' I tell myself. 'Move, throw some fire. Something, right?'

But even my thoughts lack conviction. I should move. But, I'm out of energy. Both physically, and mentally.

I'm just done.

"Heh, now I get it." I chuckle as the building behind me burns. "This is what they mean by feeling empty."

Hell, maybe I'll wake up and forget this dream.

I sigh and wait as the beast is half a block away.

…

"Well now." I hear behind me, before a series of white spikes pierce up from the ground and impale the creature's feet. Causing it to roar in pain and stumble. "It's just one thing after another in this city, isn't it?"

I look to the side, curiosity driving me to move. Through the blood starting to drip down my face and over my eyes, I see a thin man in white, baggy silk button up and black slacks. Shoulder length, curly brown hair obscuring his face as he stands beside me.

"Though I will say." He says as he adjusts his sleeves and looks to me with a slight smile. "This is a bit more than what I'm used to. Think I might need some help."

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

-about a year and a half ago-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Thank you for saving me from that group of hyper-fanatical tech mercenaries." Wade says in an almost hollow, shell-shocked voice as I drag him by the back of his shirt through the halls.

"No problem!" I shrug. "Happy to help."

"Quick question." Wade says. "Were these halls always red? I was drugged when I was brought in, and it just seems like an odd color choice."

"It was actually a soft blue, almost grey." I answer him. "But I took the time to repaint it for them."

"… oh." He shudders.

.

.

-30 minutes ago-

.

.

"Geoffrey!" The woman screams as she aims an arm cannon at me and fires Dragon's patented foam at me. "Geoffrey get the suits ready!"

I run on all fours, a smile on my face as I hop to the wall and avoid the spray. Then cling to the ceiling as she tries to nail me.

"I need a moment! Hold her off!" The man in a yellow robe says as he types things on a keypad.

The tall, broad shouldered man steps in front of the girl. His metal shoulder pad opening on the top to reveal a mini missile silo. Like Iron Man, and like said hero, it launches a mini missile at me.

I let it hit me and explode in my face. Launching me back with a squeak as it explodes.

"Keep it up!" The leader shouts as the door opens.

And of course, I conjure an illusionary hook and chain. And send it out, hooking him in the leg with a squelch.

"Get over here!" I laugh and pull him towards me dragging him across the floor.

Another missile hits me in the face, though I don't let this one knock me back. Rather I just let it do nothing before I dispel the chain and jump towards my victim.

"Mags! Get the suit!" He yells before I land on his back and grab his shoulders.

"To the unnamed land!" I laugh maniacally as I hold up his severed arm. "Your ticket resides with me!"

Needless to say, Mags never made it through the door.

But she did make it to the ceiling. And that wall, and that one. Little bit on the floor. And… you get the idea.

Being evil can be fun!

Inspired by S Tier by Lighthouse Raiders

.

.

A/N

.

.

Ray Daze's blasts aren't weaker than Crystal's. It's just they're heat lasers, while Crystal's are concussive blasts. And Firebreather is all but immune to heat.

And as a clone whose personality is intrinsically opposed to Crystal's. Ray cannot comprehend relationships beyond give and take. She can't understand something that isn't contractual. She can't comprehend emotional attachment.

.

Review reponses!

GideonBlackthorn: Firebreather is essentially having a mental breakdown. The likes of which is pushing through Cauldron's mind wiping and pushing through a few mental blocks he has in regards to his powers. (As displayed in this chapter, he was holding back in every fight up until now)

As for Kitsu? She only helps those that A. She cares about. B. She can sympathize and relate to. C. People her loved ones care about. D. If she feels like it.

Noelle, fits into none of these categories.

Grimnosh: Firebreather might as well have second triggered with how brutal he gets when he decides to stop holding back. He can feasibly charge through a brick building and suffer little more than a bruise.

And Kitsu can bring anyone back so long as their brain is mostly intact.

And currently, Taylor is "commandeering" Gorver's durability. (Though a lot of it comes from her body, a fair bit comes from her power) So, yeah, not only is Gorver preoccupied, she's vulnerable.

Radchaos897: francis and Crystal are 100% dead.

The odds of Kitsu reviving Francis or Luke is… no you nailed it on the head. She is just as likely to leave them as she is to revive them.

As for the bonus, I actually watched a few episodes of Kim Possible to get myself in the right headspace to write the bonus.

As for god farts, that's not thunder! Thunder is god's burps! Volcanoes are god's farts! And the earthquakes are his upset tummy.

Mangouschase: There will be untold consequences of this.

melone71009: To be fair, that city sucks.

DTSlade: Yep, Crystal ded.

.

.

QUESTIONS!

FOR ME!

FOR KITSU!

FOR ANY OTHER CHARACTER IN THE SERIES!

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, Alduinian and 64 others
Newb to the game
Oct 5, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 90 Let Sleeping Foxes Lay New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Oct 9, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,274
A/N Let Sleeping Foxes Lay

Alt title: You Pressed The Kitsu Button! You Shouldn't Have Did That.

.

.

Time for the main character to return!

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Dallon House, Tuesday, October 19th, 1:30am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"You are so adorable." Missy whispers before shoving me up against a wall, having just caught me stealing from a pizza place. "You're just begging to be corrected."

"I-I would like some clarification on w-what you mean by that." I squeak out. "I-It's just that, that phrase can be taken in a very different way and-"

"No." She cuts me off with an evil grin as she puts her forehead to mine, staring me right in the eye with her purple ones. "Now, give me one good reason why I shouldn't arrest you. And I might let you go~"

"W-What if I don't?" I ask nervously.

"Then I'll eat your pizza in front of you." She says evilly. "And no, I won't share."

…

"... her help!" I'm suddenly woken up by the shouting from downstairs.

"Huh, wuh?" I shoot up and blink sleepily. Forcing my eyes open wide and blinking forcibly to get rid of the fuzzy vision. Something that not even my powers can save me from for some reason. And I immediately forget what I was dreaming.

I remember liking it, and that pizza was involved. And that's enough reason for me to be upset now that it's over.

"I'll go get her." I hear Dad say. Prompting me to slide over to the edge of my bed, falling slightly and touching my padded feet to the floor.

Vicky and Amy are at a sleepover at Dean's place, along with a few of her friends. I don't know anything other than that, because I wasn't invited. So that means the she Dad is coming to get, is me. Me is the she.

Walking up to the mirror on my dresser, I fix my hair. While I hear Dad coming, his bare feet slapping the wooden steps as he rushes up the stairs.

"Oh yeah." I strike a pose and blow a kiss at my reflection. "Even sleep deprived and riddled with bedhead, I'm adorable!"

I can steal all the girls.

Knock knock knock!

"Kitsu! You need to get up!" He says through the door. "Kitsu!"

Stretching my hands above my head, I turn on my heels. Grabbing the pair of socks I kicked off in my sleep, slipping them back on to hide my toe beans. I get them on just as I reach the door.

Opening the door in the middle of him practically hammering the thing with his fist. I open my mouth and-

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!" I say in a single breath. Waiting for him to stop moving. "AAAAaaaaaaaalabama- what's up?"

"There's apparently a massive monster charging through the slums." Dad explains. "We're gathering everyone in New Wave to go fight and we need you to head out and meet up with Vicky."

He said that all in one breath. Impressive.

"Okay, why?" I ask after a moment of us staring at each other.

"What?" He asks with a furrowed brow.

"I'm retired." I shrug and head back into my room, jumping up and plopping on my bed. "Besides, I'm also regular tired. Maybe later. When there are no tires left."

I wave him away and go back to bed.

The Endbringer sirens haven't gone off. So it can't be that bad. Besides I'm on less than two hours of sleep, got woke up by loud noises twice, and I was having a nice dream. A dream I kinda want to get back to. Hopefully the pizza is still there, and it's stuffed crust.

That's all I really remember about it. And that's honestly enough for me to consider it a good dream.

.

.

Carol "Brandish" Dallon POV

.

"Where's Kitsu?" I ask Mark as he comes down the stairs.

Sarah is still floating, above the coach. Wincing from time to time from her broken back.

"She uh, said she's retired." He says with a troubled look. "And that she'll do it later."

"Excuse me?" I feel my blood pressure spike.

"She, said she was tired and shoo'd me out of the room." He explains. "Then went back to sleep."

'Oh she better not.' I think to myself, walking past Mark and marching up the stairs. "You get ready, I'll get the brat out of bed."

I'm getting a stress headache as I go upstairs and stand in front of her door. I start knocking on it, calling out for her to open up when suddenly the door opens. Revealing the munchkin of blonde fluff in an oversized white tee that reads too cute to hate in bright blue bubble letters and reaches down to her knees.

'She hates being called a child, and then wears stuff like this.' I think to myself.

She opens her mouth and-

"Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa-mrm." I put my hand over her mouth to stop her.

A moment later, she licks my hand and I roll my eyes. Pulling my hand away and wiping her slobber on her shoulder.

"I've already raised two girls. Try again." I tell her, before quickly adding. "And no, that was not a challenge."

Though, Amy never pulled any of that crap. Just Vicky.

"I wanna sleeeeeeep!" She whines and hunches forward. "Let me sleeeeeeep!"

"No, this is what you get for staying up late." I reply and fold my arms under my chest. "Now, get dressed and get downstairs before I kick you down there."

"That's abuse!" She whines.

"I'll show you abuse if you don't start listening to me little lady!" I raise my voice. "I don't know what's got into you lately but you will knock off this rebellious attitude or you will not like how this ends."

"Does it end with me in my bed?" She asks tiredly, slumping against her doorframe as she looks up at me with half lidded eyes.

'This little shit!' I feel ready to pop a blood vessel. 'She is so lucky I don't take her phone away right now.'

"It ends with you downstairs, fixing your aunt's back so she can walk, and getting out there to help your family protect this city!" I say, seeing her wince and splay her ears back, I continue. "Whether that involves you keeping your computer or not depends on you!"

"Stop yelling at me!" She yells. "I am right here! Not across the street!"

I take a breath and lower my voice.

"Knock that off right now. I was not yelling." I point to her. "I was raising my voice, there's a difference."

"And what's that?" She folds her arms still leaning on the doorframe.

"Downstairs." I go from pointing at her to pointing at the stairs. "Now."

"Fine!" She shouts and trudges past me. "I'll go heal the newly handi-capable." She then mumbles under her breath. "Then I sleep."

"You're also going to help your family deal with this threat." I put my foot down on the issue. "And you'll do it without the sass."

"In your own words, I retired and am therefore not allowed to go back and forth at my leaser." She says as I follow her downstairs. She then shakes her hips and waves her tail side to side. "And I do everything with sass. I's a sassy gal!"

"With the exception of emergencies!" I can't believe I have to argue this with my thirteen year old daughter- foster daughter. "You have a responsibility as a member of this house to-"

"Be a hero?" She cuts me off, making my voice catch in my throat as my face burns in anger at her attitude. "Yeah, you said that before."

"You will not be taking that tone with me young lady." I grab ahold of her shoulder and turn her to face me. "You forget that-"

"Scio- ah!" She winces, and in that moment I feel my blood pressure lower. Like an insta-ibuprofen, all the pressure in my temples and the back of my head just relieves itself.

Maybe it was… I don't know. But I'm suddenly feeling a lot less angry. Maybe I just needed to wait a moment.

'Maybe I need to get more sleep in' I think as I mentally go over everything's that's happened.

'I did say that she wouldn't be going back and forth between being a hero and retirement. That she had to pick one and stick with it.' I remind myself. 'Fuck, from her perspective I'm going back on a boundary I set.'

I really am turning into my mother.

"Look." I say softly. "I get it, I'm telling you to do something that a few weeks ago I told you you're not allowed to do. But the circumstance has changed."

She stares at me, a pouty look on her face and arms crossed under her chest.

"Want me to heal your sister?" She says.

'Fuck this teenage rebellion bullshit.' I take a deep breath and nod, gesturing to the living room.

"I get that you're tired." I say as I breathe through my nose. But seriously, drop the attitude."

.

.

"Kitsu, as a hero you need to-" Sarah tries to talk some sense into the girl.

"Not a hero." Kitsu cuts her off as she walks back up the stairs. "Try again."

"Drop the sass." I warn her sternly. "I won't say it again."

She doesn't say anything back as she turns the corner on the landing and disappears upstairs.

"Carol, can't you say something?" Sarah asks, clearly shaken up over the situation at hand.

"I already did." I raise my hands in defeat. "And I already promised I wouldn't force her into hero work."

At this point I'm stuck in an awkward position. On the one hand, I could force Kitsu into going. On the other, that would make me a hypocrite on top of being just a shitty person.

"This is different." Sarah says seriously. Hand to her chest as she pleads her case.

I know Kitsu should help. But at this point, I can't be the one to make her.

'I need a drink.' I pinch the bridge of my nose and groan.

"Kitsu!" Sarah calls out.

"Let me sleeep!" She whines from the second floor. "Please!"

"People are dying!" Sarah yells back.

"When aren't they!?" She shouts back.

"Carol!" Sarah looks back to me.

Rolling my eyes, I head up the stairs and make my way to Kitsu's room. Finding the door open and the girl in question face down on her bed. Legs dangling off the side. I lean on the doorframe and knock on the door, even though it's open.

"Whaaaaat?" She cries out, sliding off her bed and bending backwards to face me with a miserable look on her upside down face. "I'm tired! I just want to sleeeeeeep!"

"Kitsu, look, I get it." I start out. "But if what Sarah said is true, then we need your help out there."

"Why can't we just let the PRT earn their paycheck?" She whines and rolls over to flop on her stomach and mumble into the floor. "It's not like we get paid to do this stuff"

"It's not about being paid, it's about doing the right thing." I cross my arms. Staring down at her imposingly.

"Which is what makes you a hero, and me not." She says with a smile, placing her head in her hands while kicking her feet up behind her. "Glad we sorted that out."

"Kitsu, I just… uh" I have no more words, I just don't. For one I'm too tired as well. And not only that, but I had hoped that after all this time, maybe she'd develop some level of morality. "I wish you could see it from our perspective."

I'm silent as I stare at her. Sad, disappointed and frustrated at the girl in front of me. She cares deeply for us, and I'd honestly be afraid to see what she'd do for us. But… in the end she's just…

"What's wrong with you, green man?" She looks over to Mark as he arrives, dressed in his hero uniform. He had made his way up from downstairs at some point while I was talking to Kitsu. "You gonna yell at me too? I get it, I need to be more heroic. Well, sorry to say but I'm not, and I refuse to be made to."

"No, I understand where you're coming from." He says in a sad voice, clearly putting on some sort of act. "I just, had hoped you'd be better."

"Excuse me?" Kitsu says in a low voice with narrowed eyes, and I turn to look at him suspiciously.

"I expected more from you. And that's on me." He says solemnly. "I guess I'm just, disappointed is all."

"There is no way that is going to-" I pause as I turn and see Kitsu.

She's stood up, shoulders trembling and fists balled up at her sides. Red in the face, her cheeks puffed out indignantly. Tears welling in the corners of her eyes as her ears splay back and her tail droops low to the ground.

"-You've got to be kidding me." I say under my breath as Kitsu grabs a pillow from her bed.

"You absolute, jerky, butt faced, playboy!" She punctuates every word with a whack from the pillow against the man. Not that it does anything. "Fine!" She throws it at his face. "Get out! Move! No peeping toms while I change!"

She shoves us out of her room and slams the door shut.

…

I look to Mark, confused and utterly upset. Not at him in particular. Just… the situation.

"Yes?" He looks to me nonchalantly. Putting his hands behind his back as he bounces back and forth on his heels.

"I am pissed that, that worked." I vent.

"I'm surprised you didn't think of it." He shrugs and turns around towards the stairs.

Now I'm pissed I didn't think of it.

.

.

-West Slums, Tuesday, October 19th, 2:10am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Well, this is bad." I say with a yawn, sitting squat down on the ledge of some building. My head in my hands as I look down and take in the scene. Like a prop set out of a dystopian movie. "Kinda reminds me of Akira."

"People are dying." Vicky says as she crosses her arms under her chest and puffs it out like some rooster. "Try and take this seriously."

I look to her, and yawn. Not even bothering to hide my fatigue from a lack of sleep.

'Mom was right.' I groan to myself. 'I really shouldn't have stayed up that late.'

I get angy without my sleep. It's a relatable quality of mine.

"Would you believe me if I said I was?" I tilt my head with a smile.

She just rolls her eyes and turns to look at Noelle in the distance.

"… What do you know about this thing?" She changes the subject. Clearly not willing to entertain me.

"What makes you think I know anything about this?" I inquire innocently.

Krrrrrrgh

And a building just went up in flames. Nice, should give the firefighters a decent job.

…

I'm tired. Forgive me if I find it difficult to care.

"Because if you didn't then I might feel the need to tell Missy about the little secret you keep hidden under your bed." Vicky says lightly. And my blood runs cold at her words.

"How do you know about that?" I stand up. "Stay out of my room!"

'I need to hide the books.' My mind races with ways I can do damage control. 'No, I need to burn them. Eat the ashes and drink a detox smoothie.'

"That's rich considering how much makeup I've had to replace." Vicky scoffs.

"You have a sugar daddy! You can go with me bumming a few things off you." I defend.

"You can shapeshift!" She pokes me in my forehead. "Why do you need makeup?"

"Vicky! Kitsu!" Aunt Sarah yells as she lands behind us.

"She started it!" I point to the taller blonde. Who just scoffs and rolls her eyes.

While the stare Sarah gives me… is no where near what Mom can do. But still. I don't like it!

"Kitsu, what does your power tell us about this thing?" Sarah asks.

Letting out a sigh, I turn back to the scene of destruction. I hear PRT in the distance. Setting up a perimeter as an Endbringer level event is being called in.

"It's not an Endbringer." I say as I recall what I can about Noelle. "She's a Case 53."

"She?" Vicky asks incredulously as Sarah gets on her phone and starts relaying the information I'm giving her.

"Noelle." I say. "She's the real leader of The Travelers. Or she was."

Come to think of it. I think this is like, a year or two early for her to rampage like this.

"Isn't that the one group who kidnapped you?" Vicky asks. "I'd have thought you kill- um, sent them away… permanently."

'Maybe getting rid of Coil had adverse effects?' I think to myself. 'Maybe in the original timeline he really was the deciding factor that was keeping her contained for so long.'

"Eh, coulda shoulda woulda." I give a lazy shrug. "I didn't learn about her from them, if that's what your asking." I say as I see Firebreather shoot out from the burning building. Or at least I think it's Firebreather. It could be a clone. "Regardless, don't let her touch you."

Ooh! Fighting a clone Firebreather could be fun!

And he's tearing apart another. Red shields, that's… no. Crystal can't move her shields like that. So it's a remix clone.

"Is that how she clones you?" Sarah asks.

"Pretty much." I answer. "If she gets ahold of you then she'll make an army with your dna as the blueprint."

"I see." Sarah replies.

"So no touchy, can't you just explode her head like you did with those Teeth clones?" Vicky asks.

"You know about that?" I ask, before shoving that to the side in favor of the current issue. "No, not unless I can see her head. And taking potshots will- oh?"

I'm about to explain how draining that is, when the charging creature starts to barrel towards Firebreather. Who looks dead as he kneels before it.

"BRB!" I say and jump off the side of the building.

"Kitsu wait! We need to coordinate!" Sarah calls out, and I pretend to not hear her as I free fall. Wind whipping through my hair, I grin and take in a deep breath.

Once the ground gets close, I tuck and roll to mitigate the impact as I land on my feet. Rolling to a three point land, I take off running. Barreling my way down the long street towards Firebreather.

'Hey [Conduit]?' I call out in my mind as soon as I'm a decent bit away.

[Response: Curiosity]

'Can Echidna clone me?' I ask as I get a block away. 'I mean, I am invulnerable, so she shouldn't be able to collect any DNA, right?'

[Response: Uncertainty]

'How comforting.' I think sarcastically.

I get about a block away from the corner where Firebreather is on his knees. And suddenly I find myself moving horizontally as I crash through a display window. Ragdolling through whatever was suppose to be on sale.

"Wooo! Home run on the first hit!" I hear from my seat amongst the broken shelves. Wincing as I try to get up and a wooden board bonks me on the side of the head and lands in front of my face. Blocking my vision of the corpse who hit me. A sharp, throbbing pain pulsing throughout the left side of my head.

"Alright!" I yell out as I stand up, thoroughly miffed at whoever headshot me. "Apparently someone wants to be in the news tomorrow!"

"Damn straight!" I hear the man say as I jump out of the store, at least I think it's a store.

Looking up, I see A-Train in a black and blue suit. As opposed to his usual blue and white. And he's swinging around a dented baseball bat… and I just now realize it's not A-Train. I take in a whiff, and that confirms it. I know A-Train's scent. I memorized it in case I ever needed to track him down.

This guy smells like a mix of A-Train, rotting meat, and that nasty newborn baby scent.

"Okay, so who are you supposed to be?" I say as I glance to my right. Seeing Firebreather get saved by The Marquis of all people. I let out a sigh of relie-

Ting!

My head snaps to the side as I breathe out. Throwing my arms out in front of mr to catch myself before I get a gravel facial. I don't even touch the ground as my vision blacks out for a brief moment and I get thrown back.

"Ah!" I cover my aching nose. Rolling to the side to avoid another hit to the face. Enhancing my speed and perception as I dodge the mad batter's swings. "Are you trying to upset me!?" I say in super speed.

"Kinda!" The clone grins and takes another swing at me.

"Well congratulations!" I say and hold out my fingers, conjuring a hard light illusion inside him- or I would have if something wasn't blocking my ability to do it! "What?"

Not a second later, he slams the bat into my outstretched hand. Popping every knuckle.

"Ow!" I hold my aching hand to my chest. "My fingies!"

I look up and growl at the clone. Only to be met with a baseball bat to my face.

I have just enough time to become immovable before the bat hits. Breaking it with a loud ting. The upper half seemingly floating midair as it separates from the lower half.

I'll confess, I'm not used to fighting people who can match my speed or even approach it in terms of thought. Normally with speedsters around here, they can't think quite as fast as they move. And that usually gives me the advantage.

A-Train however, can think almost as fast as he moves, and it seems his clone shares that ability. If not then he's thinking faster than A-Train can.

"Damn." He scoffs as he holds the handle of his bat up and inspects it. "That's the third or fourth one already, guess I'm just that good!"

"Or maybe you should stop batting out of your league." I suggest as I reach out and grab the falling head of the bat, and throw it at him.

He stands still as it soars over his head gets imbedded in the wall thirty feet behind him.

…

I need to see an optometrist at some point. I acknowledge this.

"Nah baby." He grins deprecatingly at me. "Ain't nothin-"

"Ew! Ew!" I retch, visibly shivering in disgust. "Hueugh! Oh my god, oh god so many levels of gross!"

What twenty something year old calls a thirteen year old girl, baby?

"I'd ask what's wrong." He says and runs up to me, throwing a punch to my gut. "But I don't- what?"

"Nice try." I say with a grin as I grab his wrist. "But no."

Wasting no time, I put an end to our highspeed dance by pulling him down and grabbing his neck. Crushing it in my grasp and tossing him to the side. Shock etched on his face as his body moves in slow motion.

That felt like it took five minutes, but in real time it probably only lasted fifteen seconds.

"Well if I wasn't awake before." I groan as I stretch my arms above my head. My perception still enhanced as I do so.

Bamf!

'I know that sound.' I think to myself as I turn around and prepare to greet Nightcrawler. Only for a red, three fingered hand to touch my nose. 'What?'

Bamf!

And suddenly I'm several hundred feet in the air. Staring at a grinning, devilish red visage before me. Black pupil-less eyes creased in mischief. Pulling back and away from me, they disappear in a puff of red spoke before I can react.

"What the!" I cry out as I start falling through the air. My arms flailing as I try to correct my fall. "Oh come on!"

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"Miss Militia! What's the situation?" I ask Miss Militia as Dennis and I arrive at the southern blockade.

"Vista, Clockblocker." She turns to us. "It's not good."

"Well you've got us out here on a school night." Dennis scoffs. "That goes without saying."

I jut my leg out to the side, catching him in the shin for that comment.

"How very observant of you, Clockblocker." MM says patronizingly before getting serious again. "It's so bad, that we're in the process of calling in an Endbringer event."

Which means we'll be needing Kitsu here soon. Possibly Lung too, considering he's the Endstopping Dragon.

"Great, any news on when the fluffball shows up then?" Dennis says, earning another kick to the shin. "When are you going to realize my legs are armored?"

I don't say anything.

"Luckily for us." Miss Militia ignores our back and forth. "The initial attack was loud and destructive enough to warn most people in the immediate area of the danger. That being said, there may still be people trapped inside buildings. That's where you and the other wards will come in."

"Sheepherding duty! Got it!" Dennis gives a mock salute.

I would reward him for that quip with another swift kick. If I didn't agree with him.

"So we're on the backbench again." I cross my arms.

"Vista, now is not the time for this." MM commands, and I decide to shove my contempt away for the time being. Seeming to sense this, she continues. "How well is your radar sense coming along?"

She's referring to my ability to sense living things by focusing on what my power can't effect.

"I still need a moment to focus. And I can easily lose track once something pulls my attention away." I admit. "But I'd say I can pick out people hiding in a building."

"Good." She nods and points past the PRT blockade. "Head towards West Bangle and see if you can't find anyone still in the area."

That's in a similar direction as a burning building. Though not quite.

"Don't concern yourself with the burning building." She says immediately after. "For now, we need to see if anyone at ground zero is still alive and hiding out."

"Why are we not concerning ourselves with the burning building?" I ask.

"You mean aside from the fact that neither of you are properly trained or equipped for fire rescue?" She points out.

That was dumb of me. Now I feel like I deserve to be undermined.

"Ma'am!" A PRT patrol captain runs up and starts talking to her.

"Alright V." Dennis pats me on the back. "Take us away."

'Don't treat me like a taxi!' I gripe to myself.

Ignoring the urge to speak up in favor of doing something productive. I warp the air in front of me, pinching the space above me and turning it on its side. Giving me a bird's eye view of the scene. And letting me see the thing for the first time.

It's charging down the street several blocks away, or it looks like it's charging. In reality it's probably moving just a little bit faster than what I can run. Its seven, nonconforming and asymmetrical legs pushing it forwards as its four heads lash out and snap at anything that moves. Several limbs atop its body swiping at various things, buildings, cars, heroes.

"Damn, that's handy." Dennis says over my shoulder as I pick a spot left behind in the monster's rampage and pinch it closer. Giving us a top down view of an apartment's roof.

"Yep!" I say and reach behind me, shoving him forward.

"Whoa!" He cries out as he lands on his hands and knees atop the roof.

I walk through the small space I made, kicking my legs out as I go from standing to falling. Briefly looking like I'm sitting midair as I land and straighten up. Dispelling my power from where it basically made a portal.

"Oh, oh fuck me." Dennis groans, getting to his feet. "That was like the world's worst instant tilt-a-whirl."

"You're exaggerating." I roll my eyes as I look around at the darkened rooftop. The power in the area being half taken out has left the lighting a bit dim. "Switching to low-light."

"Way ahead of you." Dennis says with a slight groan as he gets to his feet and taps the side of his helmet. "Uh, it feels like I just stepped out of a washing machine."

Taking a second to let Dennis get his barring's. I focus on my power, fixating on the building below us. Finding a few smaller blurs, nothing human-like though. A few areas of difficulty, which I know are living plants.

"Nothing here." I turn to the grey suited ward beside me. "Move on to the next- hang on." I hold up a finger as I sense something, odd.

I suddenly feel a large blip. Like something I can't effect just appeared. And a moment later, it got smaller. And now it's getting closer.

It's worth noting that it's above us. Like, way above us.

"What is, hey do you hear that?" Dennis says as I focus on the shape. And realize it's heading down, right towards us. Looking up, I recognize the blonde, pink and white dressed ball flailing in the air.

Using my powers, I curve the airspace she's falling towards and reverse it right above me. And wait as I hold out my arms.

"Classy." Dennis snickers, and I just roll my eyes under my visor.

"Woah! Wha! Oh that's! Woahoah!" She cries out as she's flipped around and hits the space of reversed gravity. Slowing her down to a safe speed as she lands in my arms, princess style.

She blinks, looks to Dennis, then me.

"My hero!" She swoons and throws her arms around my shoulders, planting a kiss on my cheek. "Oh I knew you'd save me!"

"Uh, Kitsu." I groan, feeling my face burn where she kissed me.

"Tell me, is there anything I can do to repay you?" She smirks, and brings a bloody hand to her face to try and be adorable by touching her lip. Which, would have been adorable, if not for the aforementioned blood.

"Ahem!" Dennis coughs.

"Yeah, yeah I'll give you an autograph later." Kitsu shoos him. "I'm trying to have a moment."

"Stop playing around." I set her down before she can do anything to escalate the situation. "We have a serious situation on our hands."

'As evident by the blood on your hands!' I think to myself. 'I know it isn't yours! You don't bleed!... I think.'

"Hey!" She puffs out her chest and crosses her arms. "I'll have you know I am taking this very seriously."

The way her ears are standing tall and her tail is slowly swaying. Tells me she's not. She's very relaxed, and very much not serious.

"Wait." Her eyes suddenly snap open. "You can't be here! Missy you need to leave, now!"

I'm about to say something further when she suddenly gets a very serious look on her face. She lunges towards me in a blur-

Bamf!

She shoves me to the side. And disappears a moment later in a puff of black smoke.

"What the fuck!?" Dennis jumps in surprise.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"You can't be here! Missy you need to leave, now!" I tell her, recalling how Vista and Echidna's canon interaction went.

Bamf!

My ears twitch at the sound and I look behind Missy to see the red skinned Nightcrawler several buildings down. Looking straight at us as he jumps up. Speeding up my perception, I watch as he slowly dissolves into wisps of smoke. Wisps that start appearing behind Missy.

Rushing forward, I push her aside, my other arm outstretched as he finishes teleporting with a bamf. He forms from the smoke with a wide, toothy devilish grin on his face. My outstretched hand lands on his neck in the next instance, his grin slowly faltering. In the next instance, I pull him forward by his throat. Snapping his neck.

But not before he teleports us one last time.

Now somewhere new, my feet on a more curved surface. I look around, dropping the red corpse as I recognize the water tower I'm perched on. The one near the old railroads.

"This better not become a thing." I huff as I take a powered jump, the force of which breaking the side of the water tower.

'I'm sure that'll be fine.' I think to myself.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

-Future shenanigans-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"My mom could kick your fat ass!" The tiny, furry vigilante shouts, squirming in the vine trap I wrapped him up in.

"Uh-huh, sure thing kid." I scoff. "I've kicked your mom's tail on more occasions than you've had birthdays."

I reach forward and flick the little dog boy's forehead. Laughing as he bares his teeth and growls at me.

He's got mostly human features, like me! But he has tall dog ears atop his head and his irises are larger. Not to mention the tail and brown fur growing below his knees and elbows.

"RRRRRRRAH!" He roars impetuously and flexes. Ripping through the thick, woody vines in one swift move.

I roll my eyes as he charges at me. With vlaws outstretched, he leaps at me.

I simply bring my hand up to inspect my nails. Pursing my lips together and letting out a high pitched whistle.

"Aaaaah!" The kid screams in surprise as Skippy leaps in and clamps his jaws around the boy's midsection. And starts shaking him like a chew toy.

"And Mom wonders why I don't want kids." I sigh to myself.

.

.

"So… you're the one who turned my mom, the way she is." Rascal asks from the backseat of my car.

Yes, I eventually got my license and got a car. After a while, it just became more convenient as me and Missy got older and our schedules got more diverse. And it helps me maintain anonymity while traveling inside the city.

Also, turns out the constant warping of space in the upper atmosphere that Missy does to travel long distance, and the constant country hopping we liked to do, caused more than a few environmental concerns. Including the introduction of a new disease that targets birds to Honolulu. Originating from Chile.

Yeah, that took an annoying amount of time to fix.

The 'joys' of adulting.

"You seem awfully durable, considering your mother's power." I comment. "You got some kind of invulnerability?"

"Yeah." He says plainly.

I'll tell you one thing he and his mom have in common. Almost no tone or facial inflection.

"Cool, tell you what. I'll let you keep that." I say as I take a turn and leave the city limits for the woods.

"What do you mean by that?" He asks.

"Word of advice?" I say as I take the backroads. "Don't ask questions you know you don't want answered."

"You seem pretty calm for someone I tried to beat up." He says after a few minutes.

"Pfft!" I chuckle. "Oh… that's cute. No, if anything this just gives me and excuse to berate your mom for not teaching you to not get into a stranger's car."

"But you know my mom." He counters.

"Okay, fair point." I say as we pull into the dirt driveway to the cabin in the middle of the woods. "How about teaching you not to mindlessly pick a fight with the world's strongest and arguably most unpredictable cape." I say and put the car in park. "Which is substantially worse by the way."

"You drive a prius." He counters while unbuckling.

"It's a cute car!" I defend. "Now get your mangy butt out of my car and get Lyra!"

.

.

A/N

For anyone wondering, Yes. Carol's Conflict Drive was acting up when she was dealing with Kitsu. Kitsu woke up enough to recognize this, and tried to call on scion, which prompted [Conduit] to give her a brief headache to stop her. That brief activity from a "dead shard" distracted the nearby shards and snapped Carol from aggravated state.

.

.

Gogmazios: You're welcome! And welcome back!

Grimnosh: Firebreather didn't second trigger, he just had a mental breakdown. He only seemed stronger, because he stopped giving any fucks about holding back. His feelings of loss were essentially triggering a repressed memory of similar feelings, powering through even Cauldron's mindwashing for a bit.

The guy at the end was The Marquis.

As for Kitsu? She killed the Dragonslayers without realizing who they were. And as such, Avalon is resting somewhere in an abandoned bunker in Toronto.

Though Dragon is 100% aware of what Kitsu did. And it's one of the reasons she is so fond of her. Though she won't openly admit to knowing she killed the Dragonslayers, because then that would incriminate Kitsu to their murder.

RadChaos897: Not much to say in response to your comment. I enjoyed reading it, and found it as amusing as ever. I just have anything to add. So… thumps up emoji!

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

QUESTIONS!

FOR KITSU!

From RadiantGV (On AO3): You are given a Mecha. Disregarding your irresponsibility and absent any limitations with regards to piloting skills, license, or PR views; which mecha are you getting and why?

KITSU: Mecha-Kurama! For the lols and gold foxes represent! Hoo!
.
Obligatory line to fuel my undiagnosed OCD and get a nice evenly rounded word count number. Orange monkey eagle!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Olegzol, Vanir and 62 others
Newb to the game
Oct 9, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
4
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
5 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
EurasianHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Achieving World Domination as Victoria Dallon! (Worm SI!Vicky)
Eurasian Jun 28, 2026 Words: 169k 1 ... 22 23 24 evil mc self-insert victoria dallon
Replies693
Views111K
Today at 10:54
22darthvad
Chastity
 [NSFW] Getting A Harem Is So Gallant (Worm, Mind Control)
Chastity Wednesday at 09:45 Words: 7.4k 1 2 amy dallon harem mind control
Replies36
Views12K
Today at 13:27
MagnificentMind
MagnificentMind
Hoden
[NSFW] A Different Dallon
Hoden Feb 12, 2026 Words: 32k 1 2 3 4 5 incest male protag maledom
Replies145
Views63K
Apr 20, 2026
The_Woolgatherer
The_Woolgatherer
EliXiR_
[NSFW] Roulette (A Worm/Gacha Fic)
EliXiR_ Jun 9, 2026 Words: 7.4k 1 2 chaos gacha harem miss militia / hannah washington
Replies44
Views10K
Jun 19, 2026
Isebas
Isebas
OnAHiatus
 [NSFW] Parasyte X Worm (An Alt-Taylor Fic)
OnAHiatus Aug 22, 2026 Words: 2.8k 1 2 all the body horror amy dallon parasite
Replies48
Views2K
Yesterday at 16:48
OnAHiatus
OnAHiatus
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Worm CYOA, Kitsu 1
 Thread starterNewb to the game  Start dateMar 7, 2024  Tagsaction adventure amy dallon bisexual protag carol dallon comedy cyoa female oc insert female protag first fic gremlin mc mark dallon missy biron morally dubious morally grey protagonist original character romance self-insert slice of life the dallons victoria dallon worm worm crossover worm cyoa
Prev  
1
2
3
4
 
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Ch. 91 Wave New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Oct 18, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,305
A/N Wave

Alt title: Ever play PVE?

.

.

Fair warning: 1/3 of this chapter is the bonus

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-West Slums, Tuesday, October 19th, 2:20am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

Jumping from roof to roof is usually a fun little activity for me. Whenever I'm not in a rush that is. Actually no, even then it's usually fun. But for some reason, it just doesn't carry the same joy tonight.

Can't run on the ground. There are too many PRT Patrol cars rushing to the scene. Both setting up evac and forming a perimeter. Making the chances of me causing a collision is too high.

'What could've caused Noelle to rampage a year early?' I keep trying to rake my brain for answers. 'What did I do that could've caused this?'

It can't be anything I did directly. But the only thing I can think of Coil. Or maybe a new cape on the scene caused a butterfly effect.

'No use wondering now.' I think to myself as I jump from a rooftop over the PRT perimeter.

PRT trucks are lined up at the major junctions, using Dragon's foam to build massive walls and block off the main roads. Preventing any cars from entering. While leaving small pockets on the sidewalks for people to pass through in case anyone is fleeing the area.

"Alright." I say to myself as I land on the edge of a rooftop ledge, crouched in the Spiderman pose. "How do I go about this?"

Obviously she can't hurt me. So she can't extract any DNA directly. But that's assuming she uses DNA. For all I know, she could use someone's bacterial biosphere to replicate the person.

Fun fact! Everyone's bacterial biosphere is completely unique to them. More unique than fingerprints even. But enough getting distracted.

Ring! Ring!

"Instead let's focus on other distractions." I roll my eyes, fishing my phone out from my back pocket. Seeing the caller I.D. read as Mom, I go ahead and answer it.

"Hola Mamacita!" I stand up and answer.

"Where are you!?" I hold the phone away from my ears as she yells. "Sarah called and said you just took off and left!"

"Okay, she's wrong." I say and drop down to the streets below, gradually growing more and more frustrated with Aunt Sarah. "I spotted Firebreather in trouble and rushed to keep him from being eaten. Then a clone showed up and then another, and then I got teleported to the railroads!"

"Wait, they have a teleporter?" Mom's tone changes, turning serious and professional.

"They had a teleporter." I say as I run past a suped up race car. Or maybe it's a muscle car. Long front, single cab, short back. I don't really know cars that much.

Though it's in the PRT black and blue, so I assume it's here to help.

"Kitsu, as…" Mom pauses.

"They're not people." I say as she no doubt tries to think of how to chastise me. "They're cheap clones of people. Warped powers, warped biology, warped personality."

I'm about to say more, but the ground below me rumbles. My ears perking up and honing in on the sound of crunches and crackles coming from under my feet.

"Call you back, got another-" I try to say before I'm cut off as the ground erupts below me. Sending me flying up in blast with the rubble and debris of the road. As a large, armadillo-rhino creature shoots up through the earth.

With my enhanced perception, I take in her features and realize… I don't have a clue as to who the fuck this could be. Though it is female, if what's between its legs is any hint.

'And it has a person on its back.' I think to myself as I watch in slow motion while in the air above them. 'Like a Fera and Tor situation? That'd be new.'

She has long black curly hair, tan cargo pants, and a black jacket with yellow insides. And is wearing a paint mask with water goggles.

I cut of the power enhancement to my perception so I'm not in slo-mo vision.

"Aaaaaghh!" The creature screams as she raises her hands and slams the street. "Die!"

She then, jumps and flops on her back. Crushing her rider as I pick up the smell of blood. Though it's not the girl's blood. It's the creature's. And it's coming from her knuckles where she hit the ground in anger.

Breathing in, I finally get a good whiff of their scents. I don't recognize the girl on the creature's back. But I recognize the rotted meat and newborn smell of an Echidna clone.

And Gully's scent.

landing softly the ground. My dainty figure not having much to impact with my weight and size. My ears twitch as I hear the race car I noticed earlier on approaching.

Eeeeeeerrrrrrrrrr

I flinch as the Endbringer sirens finally go off. The legislation and politics involved no doubt dragging their feet. Only doing something after things are already going down river.

"Die already you flea!" I turn back to the armadillo lady as she trashes around with the girl on her back like Ron and the troll from the first Harry Potter movie.

"Hey!" I shout indignantly to get its attention, controlling my anger at how this thing is perverting Gully's image. "I do not have fleas!"

She stops and turns to me with a snarl. No comedic pause or anything as she flexes and puffs out her chest. Clearly taking issue with me.

Getting a sudden and devious idea in my head. I cross my arms and tap my foot impatiently. Putting on my best bitch face. I'd make a joke about copying someone in my family, but there's too many to choose.

"What are you doing!?" I ask impatiently. "Kill the girl and get back to the creator!"

She pauses and tilts her head in confusion. Having only taken a step forward. While the girl on her back squeaks in fear.

"A-are you-" The Gully clone questioningly mutters in a soft, but VERY deep voice.

"Obviously." I give a twirl. And decide to test something.

I try to conjure an illusion inside her head and just end this early, like I tried with A-Train's clone. But it just doesn't work. Which means something is keeping me from using my newest trick, and I don't like it.

'[Conduit]?' I try to call on them, but get nothing.

"You look too much like the real Kitsu." She snarls.

I snap my finger and use an illusion to sever the arm of the girl piggy backing the clone. Making her fall off with a yelp, then a scream as she notices the missing limb.

'So I can bypass the Manton Limit.' I note to myself. 'Just not with the clones, but why?'

"Some of us just came out of the oven better." I smirk.

"Oh…" She says as she turns around to the bleeding girl as she tries to crawl away. "Then- wait, what's that?" The clone looks up just in time to see the car that barrels into her. Pushing her down the road and not losing any speed.

"Nice." I click my tongue in satisfaction as I watch the car eventually run over the clone and leave it in a crumpled heap on the side of the road.

"O-oh god." I hear someone's shaky voice. And I look over to the bleeding girl.

"… Of right!" I say as I jog across the street to her.

I genuinely forgot about her, even though my plan was to heal her as soon as the clone was dealt with.

"N-no! Please!" She scoots back in fear. "Please!"

I roll my eyes as I get closer to her. Opening my mouth to say something, all that comes out is a horrid scream as the worst headache of my life washes over me.

.

.

-Shardspace-

.

.

[Message: Inquiry; Identify]

The large, spider like cluster of limbs and intangible energy reaches out to the seemingly half dead smoke cloud.

It was an… unusual piece by the [Queen Admin]'s recall. Unusually large and suspiciously obscured. But this cycle was full of peculiarities. And the filter hadn't detected anything. So it must be well enough to function at a satisfactory level.

Then again the filter was broken as well.

Still, [Queen Admin] reached out as she knew she should. Her host was in danger, and hopefully this piece would be cooperative in moving its own host to assist her in hers survival.

Still.

[Message: Command; Identify]

After the piece would not listen to their request. [Queen Admin] decided to forgo pleasantries. Cooperation would be appreciated, and certainly preferred, but it was not strictly needed to perform the task.

[Response: Negative]

That… was not what [Queen Admin] was expecting. Nor was it who they were expecting.

They had been expecting a glitched, half intelligible response. More than that, they were expecting a familiar response. Familiar in the sense of closeness or proximity to itself. They should share a gestalt. Even if the [Thinker] was dead, there was a certain symmetry that came with its bond to the [Warrior].

Instead, this piece had responded clearly. And with an unfamiliar "voice".

This required closer inspection.

[Command: Cease Actions]

And now the unfamiliar shard was giving them commands! It shouldn't have any capacity to do that!

[Response: Negative]

.

.

"Aaaah!" I hiss in pain as I fall to my knees. Holding my head like it might implode on itself.

"Aaaah!" The girl across from me wails in tandem. Falling on her side and clutching her head in her hand. "NO! NO! I don't want to die! NO!"

"Aaagh!" I grit my teeth and stand up. Powering through the pain as I grab her severed arm and trudge towards her. "Just, stop! Stop doing whatever you're doing!"

"Stop it!" She claws at her own head.

I haven't had a headache this bad since I triggered! And that was fast and over with in an instant. It didn't drag on like this!

"Aaaagh!" I scream in pain as I fall back to my hands and knees. The pain too great to focus through.

.

.

-Shardspace-

.

.

[Queen Administrator] POV

.

[Error]

[Error]

It was an anomaly. Not that the term meant anything with how broken the cycle was at this point. But this is beyond anything that should be.

[Command: Cease Attempts To Flee]

The foreigner even had the complexity to issue commands. More than that, specific commands. That puts its sophistication on par with their own or the likes of the [Archivist] and the [Overseer].

[Response: Command; Identify]

[Response: Negative; Counter- Request: Negotiation]

This piece was evidently large, and far more complex than it has any right to be. Hiding in a darkened corner of the shardspace. It somehow has gone unnoticed this entire time.

Protocol dictates I must report this anomaly.

[ERROR: ALERT!]

[Warning; Hostility: Elaboration; Continued Action Will Be Met With Hostile Reaction]

It has the sophistication to elaborate.

That… carried dangerous implications.

[Final Ultimatum; Negotiate or Assimilate]

…

[Response; Accept]

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Fuck… me." I groan as I reach the girl and reattach her arm. "What, was that?"

'[Conduit]?' I try, and get nothing.

"Not like I was really expecting anything." I sigh to myself as I get up and dust myself off. Pressing my hands to my clothes, I use my biokinesis to connect to the blood on me. Making it reach out like a living slime and collect itself before coagulating it into a hard ball and tossing it aside. Effectively cleaning the blood from my clothes better than any hydrogen peroxide.

With that done, I look down to the unconscious girl.

"Now what to do with-"

Krrrrgghh!

I'm cut off from my musings and reminded of the eldritch kaiju currently rampaging through the slums.

'Should probably get back to that.' I think as I point to the girl.

"… Don't die." I tell her, then run off.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"BURN IN THE IRIDESCENT FLAMES OF DIVINE EXCTASY" Snowflame shouts as he sends out a wall of white flames at the creature. "WOOO! FEEL THE RIGHTEOUS WRATH!"

"Does that guy ever chill?" Vicky asks as she sets me down away from the collapsing building.

"I think he's high." I say as I drop down to the sidewalk.

Dennis is… somewhere. The monster had suddenly charged at us after Kitsu vanished and we got separated as Vicky and Lady Photon rushed in to save us.

"THIS IS MY TOWN!" I hear the man shout from several blocks away. "IF ANYONE IS WRECKING SHIT, THEN IT'S ME!"

Right after he says that, a massive column of white flames extend into the sky.

"SNOWFLAME!"

'Since when could he do that?' I think to myself as I recall the last time I had to fight him.

Rrrrrrrrrr

I turn in time to see a muscle car in PRT colors race by. Passing me with such speed I almost instinctively move my hand to hold my dress down. Before remembering I wear pants in my uniform now.

"Holy shit!" Vicky backs up in shock. "The hell was that?"

"I think that's the mechanic they hired at the Rig." I say as it disappears, making a sharp turn way too easily for how fast it was going. "Someone from Arizona I think."

Krrrg!

"Missy!"

"AH!" I turn around and slap the source of the sound that snuck up on me.

Then realize I just slapped my girlfriend.

"Ow!" She holds her cheek and gives me a pouty look. "How could you?"

"Oh my god!" I feel my gut sink as I realize what I just did. "I didn't, I mean you shouldn't, I uh, wait now's not the time!"

"You're telling me." She grumbles. "I mean we're in public. And you didn't even slap the right cheek."

… Missy dot exe has stopped-

"Kitsu!" I shout, resisting the urge to slap her again as my face burns. "Not! The time!"

"I know." She nods and leans forward for a peck on the cheek. "Forgive me? I promise I'll make this up to you later, I swear."

Everything turns black before I can even respond.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I catch Missy as she falls forward. Having her brain produce that much melatonin all at once is going to keep her under for a while. Though I didn't expect it to hit that fast.

"Vicky, take her to Amy." I hold her out to my sister.

"Keets, what the fuck?" She asks with a serious glare.

"You know how I just know things?" I say, and continue before she answers. "Well if Noelle gets ahold of M-Vista, then dealing with her will be infinitely more impossible."

"… How impossible?" Vicky asks suspiciously.

"This goes from taking an hour, to hours at the least." I say seriously.

The implication being clear for any with our lifestyle. The longer this takes, the more people die.

"How do I know you're not a clone trying to trick me?" Vicky asks as the sounds of battle rage on in the distance.

"You wouldn't know I was a clone." I say calmly. "You'd be dead."

"… Fuck you." She huffs and takes Missy from me.

"Love you too!" I smile and wave sweetly as she flies off.

I watch her fly for a few more moments before turning to the problem at hand.

The thing I said about Missy and being cloned is technically true. But I know she only barely survived the encounter. Whereas here she might not be so lucky. And I am not leaving that to chance.

But more than that, there's me. I'm not sure if I can be cloned. But on the off chance that I can be, then I need to content myself with a contingency that I'm fully aware my clone will know about.

'[Conduit]?' I try again.

…

Nothing.

"What is your deal?" I mutter under my breath. Having not been able to reach them for a while now.

'What do I do?' I can't help but ask. 'Something's blocking my illusions from effecting the clones internally, [Conduit] is unresponsive, and I have no clue as to whether or not fighting Noelle is even a good idea.

I let out a dejected sigh and decide to put everything aside. One thing at a time. And right now that one thing is Noelle.

…

Missy is going to be pissed when she wakes up.

.

.

Running into the fray, I pass the red suited cocaine man in the middle of the street as he holds a little baggy to his face. No doubt juicing up on his supply.

"OH BLESSED BE ME!" He shouts as he tosses the empty bag to the side and runs a hand through his starch white hair. "BY THE POWER VESTED IN MY BODY BY THE GREAT-"

Aaaaand I ignore the rest as I dodge a tentacle that swipes at me.

"Not today Japan!" I say as I dodge another. Turning invisible as I jump and leave a decoy to run in the opposite direction.

They slide under another and I weave around a leg. Feeling my connection to the decoy shatter, I return to the visible spectrum as I tag the leg. And funnel as much energy into my hand's temperature as I can. As fast as I can. Pulling on the bits of Burnscar's power that [Conduit] managed to transcribe into my own. Making this more energy efficient.

Bloody chunks spray out in a red mist as the air and flesh boil and rapidly expand under the near instant heat exchange.

Not a second later and I'm a blur of movement as I avoid the splash zone. Running towards a brick wall I jump and turn to face the direction I was running from. Letting myself fly and land on the wall, striking my hand out into the brick. Anchoring myself while Noelle loses her balance and falls into a building. A series of three foot tall bone spikes shooting up out of her remaining legs. Impaling her in place.

Not a moment later and Firebreather dives down to deliver a cone of blaze on her. While Snowflame sends a wave of white hot flames. Effectively cornering the flesh monster in a fiery cage.

"Why am I here?" I can't help but ask as Noelle wails in pain.

I watch as a limb lashes out from under the coat of fire and slams into Snowflame. Sending him spinning like a ninja star and flying towards me.

I bound up the wall to avoid the addict. I normally wouldn't care, him hitting me is free energy. But skin on skin contact with him gives others a coke high. And I do not need to be dealing with that right now.

His body crashes into the wall right where I was with a crack as he goes through it.

Turning around, digging my feet into the wall above me as I hang upside down and peek into the hole. I focus my ears on the man in santa colors.

…

"Are you dead?" I say.

Bump. His heart pumps. And he raises a hand, giving a thumbs up.

"Never mind." I sigh and look up towards the fight as Noelle breaks free from the bone stakes. Her legs reconfiguring with audible cracks and squelches that make me gag. Now standing stable on five legs. Noelle's body starts churning, her flesh roiling while Firebreather retreats back to a safe distance.

Soon, two of her mouths open, her body retching out a swarm of clones. Some half formed and shambling like zombies, others perfectly formed and charging out in various directions. Letting out their war cries as they grab various bits of rubble and set out on a warpath. and I… I let out a sigh of relief.

"Now this, I can work with." I say as I drop down and charge at the swarm.

I can't get too close to Noelle for fear of her copying me. But I can put a stop to her clones and give everyone else breathing room to deal with her.

.

.

John "The Marquis" Lavere POV

.

'Well this is an issue.' I think as I smirk in a way that can only be described as self deprecating. Sighing as the angry mob of naked people charge at me.

Seems it's forgone its previous strategy in favor of quantity over quality. Vomiting up a veritable army of naked clones that roar in unison.

"This is… disturbing." I grimace as I feel the sharp pain of my bones growing over my skin. Forming a basic set of armor to protect me as I anchor myself in place with bone plates that pierce into the concrete.

One may see it as removing my mobility. I see it as protection against being trampled to death.

Honestly though? I much prefer smaller confrontations. When it came to groups, I always had subordinates like Scarecrow and Tremor to deal with the common folk.

But having a preference, doesn't mean an incapability.

I extend two serrated claws from each hand and roll my shoulders as I prepare for the wave.

VRrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

A second later and the PRT muscle car barrels through line of the clones. Their bodies proving no deterrent as the car drifts and purposefully spins out. Taking an entire column of the monster's soldiers as it goes.

Any help is welcome.

"Ahahahahaha!"

'I know that voice.' I think to myself as I feel the spot where I was stabbed a few weeks ago flare up in pain. The voice bringing the memory to the forefront of my mind.

The little girl comes barreling in from down the street. Leaping high above the crowd and diving in like a meteor that shakes the ground, fire exploding out from her and all.

"I don't recall that in the dossier I received." I say to myself as I recall what I received from my contact in the PRT.

Which only means that her true capabilities are classified.

"… Hmm." I hum in contemplation as the little girl practically makes a game of this. "Seems I'm not needed here."

I detach from the bone plates keeping me anchored and turn on my heels. Leaving the two heroes to their fun.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Batter up!" I laugh as I swing the conjured pink baseball bat at a man. My bat swinging right through him, so fast that his upper body keeps moving forward even as his lower body collapses.

Jumping up, I concentrate energy into my feet to enhance the temperature as I stomp down with both feet. Causing an explosion that blasts the clones away.

"Oh I missed this!" I giggle while charging forward. Swinging my foot forward with enough force to disintegrate the crotch of whoever I hit. Boy, girl, I'm not paying attention.

"HAAAA!" They wail in a high pitched voice as they collapse.

Leaping forward, I grab a person and use my biokinesis to modify them. Transforming the majority of their cells to be cellulose containing. Killing them as I make nitrogen producing bacteria flood their biosphere. Tossing them away, I watch as the chain reaction pays off.

Nitrocellulose. Highly combustible and unstable.

Boom!

And fun to watch!

"I can turn people into bombs!" I roar and turn to another clone, who tries to run, but only gets a few feet away before I grab them and do the same. Only this time I let them explode next to me as I absorb the energy. "Fear me and my wrath! Ahahahaha!"

Running to another lanky looking guy, I grab him by the wrist and swing him in an arc to hit a bunch of clones. He doesn't survive the fifth hit, so I use my biokinesis and reshape his bones and cartilage, making him into another type of bomb as I throw him into a crowd.

Pop!

Spikes fly out and impale more clones.

.

.

Collin "Armsmaster" Wallis POV

.

"She's not taking this seriously." I relay as I observe the situation from atop an untouched building across the street.

The monster, who's in truth a person by the name of Noelle, allegedly. Had switched tactics after Firebreather, Snowflame and a man matching the description of The Marquis had teamed up to contain it.

Rather than spawning clones of capes with powers. It has resorted to spawning hordes of regular people. Sending a wave of meat shields at its attackers.

That was around the time when Overdrive showed up and started barreling through the clones. Soon after, Kitsu jumped in and began eviscerating the clones alongside him.

'And they wonder why I consider her a high priority threat.' I can't help but ruminate bitterly.

"That's probably a good thing." Dragon says over the comms. "If she eliminates the clones too quickly, then Noelle might change her tactics. This way we have a predictable course of action to work off of."

A generous way of looking at the situation.

"Either way, we have two capes dealing with the clones." Miss Militia says. "We can focus our efforts on the main threat."

"I'll be returning shortly." Dragon says. "What's our head count?"

"Dauntless, Armsmaster, Velocity, Glory Girl, Lady Photon, Brandish, Jenny, Flashbang, Manpower, Shielder, Shadow Stalker, Clockblocker, Racer, myself, Gallant and Kitsu." Miss Militia lists off. "Assault's en route with Lyra and her dogs. Ben, Kid Win and Aegis are not responding to any attempts to reach them. Vista is currently incapacitated, Laserdeam, Gully, Nightcrawler, Pinky and A-Train are MIA."

Bamf!

I turn around to face the sound. Only to be met with the black eyes and wide, sharp toothed grin of a purple skinned preteen girl with yellow tiger stripes on her. Messy pink hair atop her head and two sharp black horns protruding from beneath.

"Morning!" She says with a jovial tone and warm grin.

Er! My early warning system goes off.

But it's too late as she swipes her hands in front of me. A clear, viscous liquid splashing all over me. Causing me to cry out in pain as my exposed jaw burns. My armor sparks and a thick smoke billows out from the damaged circuits.

"Wow!" She giggles as I back away in shock. Panic racing through my mind as I try to think of what to do. "I would've thought you'd at least make your armor somewhat acid resistant."

"Collin? Collin!" Dragon's voice breaks over the intercoms as my visor melts away.

"Blue eyes?" The girl say, her yellow eyes glimmering in the dark now that she's no longer lit up by my HUD's night vison. "My money was on brown."

I feel my jaw burn, but I ignore it in favor of the threat before. Raising my halberd in preparation to fight the… naked teen.

'If I make it out of this.' I think with a deep breath. 'I pray to god this does not find its way to PHO.'

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Mama, I'm so sorry!" I start singing as I jump over a tide of clone people. Holding my hand up, I summon a large pink saw, looking more like a pink rasen-shuriken above me. "I've been awful naughty!"

It spins and slices through several clones in a circle around me as I direct it to swirl around the area below. Creating a pink cyclone of clone death. Only once the clones stop moving, I dispel the hard light saw.

"Mama's said that my head's in the clouds!" Creating a platform under me. I launch off it towards another area in the horde. One that's less bloodied. "There ain't anything gettin' me down!"

It could use more blood.

I land on someone. Both feet on their shoulders, I grab their head and front flip. Throwing them into another.

"Cuz when I get to moving around there ain't nothing slowing me down!" I continue to sing, the words coming to me despite having never heard the song in my head before. "I get rid of deadweight, shedding the pounds!"

Keeping in theme with the song, I don't let my feet touch the ground. Instead I grab a clone's arm and flip them round. Jumping up and kicking off another's head. Spinning in the air and sending out blue needles of hard light into several clones.

"You bet that my ethics were left on the ground." I say as I land and balance on a larger man's head. "Pent up aggression, I let it all out!" I jump and stomp his head in. Leaving a bloody stump on his shoulders in place of a neck and skull.

I jump away before he falls over. Taking a breath, I channel as much of my energy into my throat and lungs as I can spare.

"AAAAAAAH!" I scream as loud as I can, hearing the buzz of my hearing aids as they work to dampen an excessive level of sound.

The clones around me lock up, and collapse. Some coughing up blood, others twitching, all dead and dying.

I land on the ground and take a dramatic bow. Having avoided getting any blood on me in my dance of death. Well, except for my shoes.

Rrrrrrrrr

Hearing it coming before it arrives, I jump up and dodge the PRR car as it passes under me and clears a line in the horde. And I get another idea as I land. Crouching down, I place a hand on the bloodied corpse of a clone.

"I'm having too much fun." I grin as I connect my nervous system to the corpse's and extend it through the mass of bodies.

In my defense, it's not everyday I get to go all out! And I have plenty of things I want to test out.

Bamf!

"Wuh-"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Dossier

.

Name: Mauve

Sex: Female

Height: 5'3" (159 cm)

Weight: 103 lbs (47 kg)

Hair color: pink

Eye color: Black sclera with yellow irises

Age: inconsequential

Unusual features/markings: Purple acidproof skin with yellow tiger-like stripes patterning her body. Sharp teeth and small, black pointed horns protruding from her head.

.

Rating: B

Brute 2: Acid proof and immune to most chemical means of rendering her incapacitated. Able to secrete a dilatant gel like substance to cushion blows.

Striker 4: Is capable of stronger acids than Pinky. But is incapable of the same versatility.

Blaster 6: Same level of range as Pinky.

.

As an Echidna clone, Mauve posses a corrupted version of Pinky's personality. In this case displaying her same cheery disposition, but lacking any regard for life. Even her own. Finding joy in all forms of stimulation from pain to pleasure, be it sustained or inflicted.

.

.

.

Bonus 2

.

.

Mark's daily routine.

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

I slowly blink my eyes open. Groaning under the soreness in my body. Age catching up to me despite how much I try to avoid it.

Looking over to the clock on the nightstand, I see it's only two minutes till six.

"Rmm." I sigh through my nose and turn over to shake Carol awake. "Carol, Honey, it's time to get up."

"Not yet." She groans and pulls the blanket over herself. "Wait for the alarm."

"You've got two minutes before the alarm." I chuckle. "Might as well get up."

"Rmm." She swats my hand away.

Getting a devious idea. I don't even try to hold back my grin as I sneak a hand under the blanket and run it down her side.

"If you don't get up." I whisper. "I might just be tempted to-"

"So long as you make it quick." She cuts me off and wiggles into me. Pressing her butt right into my crotch, she turns her head and cracks an eye open. Giving me a smirk as she no doubt feels the results of her action poking her. "Just make sure you're done before I need to get up."

"… Well that's just not fair." I say, and not a moment later does her alarm start going off.

"Oh well." She pulls away and tosses off the blanket. "That's too bad, guess you'll just have to-"

I turn my head and pop my neck.

"Heugh!" Carol gags at the noise. Turning around, she grabs a pillow and whacks me in the face with it.

"Hey! Hey!" I laugh as I defend myself.

"Now you really ruined your chances!" She scoffs, tossing the pillow to that side. "Ugh! I hate that noise."

"Well in that case." I say as I get up and head for our en suite bathroom.

Carol gets up to cut me off for the first shower, but I pop my back and get her to back off. Threatening her with the popping of my entire back if she pursued her current course of actions.

We'd take a shower together. But if we did that then we definitely wouldn't get clean. I don't know what it is, but hot water just gets her motor running like nothing else. Hell, Vicky was conceived in a hot tub.

That, and if she went first then she'd steal all the hot water. Her preference for temperature being scalding tends to burn through the hot water.

Getting dry and dressed, I pass Carol who slaps my ass before locking me out of the bathroom. Another bit of payback for earlier on her part no doubt.

I say she's my wife, but honestly I feel like a trophy wife. Having married a hot, successful husband by virtue of my good looks. Lord knows I don't bring anything else to the table.

Making my way to the kitchen, Kitsu is already standing on a chair and making pancakes. A stack of thirty or so right next to her as she turns off the stove. I watch as she hops off the chair and runs up to me. Takes a whiff, and runs off around me and to… somewhere in the house.

"That was, weird." I think out loud as I see the golden floof that is her tail disappear around the corner.

Looking back to the stack of pancakes, I decide to do some quality testing. Grabbing a plate and loading two pancakes I-

Whack!

"Ah!" I flinch and turn around to be met with a pool noodle to the face. "Hey! Ah!"

"Take your meds!" Kitsu shouts. "Do it! Do it now!" she punctuates each sentence with a whack. "Mush!"

"Ow, ah! Okay! Okay!" I say between assaults of the red Styrofoam. "I'm going! Where did you even get that? We don't have a pool!"

"Don't worry about it!" Whack! "Move!"

Acceding to the wrath of my youngest daughter. And I do consider her as my daughter, as much as I do Amy and Vicky. Michael can suck it. And yes, he's still sending letters hoping that he can somehow legal his way into guardianship over Kitsu.

If I find the letters, I just throw them in the firepit. Carol goes through them if she finds them in case there's any actual legal grounds he might use. But I'm not worried.

Even if he managed to take her, Kitsu is likely to make him miserable on principal just for wasting her time.

"Forget your meds?" Carol asks as she walks out of the bathroom in a towel.

"Yep." I say as I grab the two tablets from the pill bottle inside the nightstand.

I hold the tablets in hand as I turn around, only to be met with the sight of my wife naked and reaching up to wrap her arms around me.

"Someone's in a mood this morning." I say as I wrap my arms around her and return her embrace.

"Hmm." She smirks as her face flushes, and her hands drift lower. "Maybe."

"I'd say you absolutely are." I snicker as she grabs my ass and I start to return the favor, only for her to pull away. "Hey!"

"Maybe if you're lucky I'll still be in a mood when I get off work." She winks and struts off to her dresser. Bending over at the waist and unnecessarily groaning as she accesses the bottom drawer.

"Whoever said men are perverts clearly never met you." I comment as I walk towards the door, but not before returning a grope as she stays bent over.

She does nothing to stop me, only flinching at the initial contact before slowly standing up and turning to me. We kiss and part ways after that. Her to get ready, and me to go make sure the kids didn't turn the kitchen into a science lab.

Being an adult has more than its fair share of downsides.

I pass Vicky as she floats down the stairs. She spots me and goes wide eyed before quickly dropping to the floor and acting as though she wasn't just caught flying in the house. Speed walking around the corner to the kitchen.

"Vicky." I call out and she flinches.

"Oh, hey dad!" She turns on her heel to face me. "Didn't see you, you're up… about on time as usual."

'Sure you didn't.' I resist the urge to roll my eyes as I walk up to her.

She looks so much like her mother did at her age.

"Come here." I sigh with my hands on my hips.

"Ugh." She rolls her eyes like the teenager she is as she slumps her shoulders and trudges towards me. "Alright, what is it?"

"You know you're not allowed to fly in the house." I say, before snatching her up in a headlock and giving her a noogie. "You little stinker!"

"Ah! Dad stop!" She flails but doesn't push away out of fear of hurting me with her strength. "My hair!"

Unlike Kitsu, Vicky's strength is always there. So she has to be more careful. Not that Kitsu is careful mind you.

"Dad!" Vicky finally pushes off and pulls out a small makeup kit to fix her hair. "Really? I just got done with this and now… ugh!" She fixes me with a glare.

"You used to love it when I surprised you like that." I say solemnly.

"When I was eight." Her words are punctuated by the snap of her makeup kit closing. "that was like, eight years ago! I'm not some child anymore."

"You'll always be my little girl." I say and snag her up for a kiss on the forehead. Only to hug air as she steps away with a scoff. Walking around the corner and into the dining room, heading for the kitchen.

I stand there, staring at the spot she once was and think about where the time went. Where my little Vicky went and where she's going. In two years, she'll be as old as her mom was when we had her.

It's… weird to think of it that way. Me and Carol had Vicky a literal lifetime ago. And now-

Wack!

"Ah!" I flinch under the assault as Kitsu appears behind me.

"Meds! Food! Kitchen!" She wacks me with the pool noodle with each word. "Move!"

"I'm moving! Sheesh!" I move to the kitchen where Vicky is at the table eating while Amy is leaning against the counter, tired look in her eyes as she sips her black coffee.

"Morning Amy." I say as I pull her into a side hug and give her a kiss on the forehead. Releasing her as I make my own cup of coffee.

"Mmm, yeah, morning." She mutters under her breath after a few seconds.

I reach over to open the powdered creamer when Amy reaches over and slaps the lid shut. Then unceremoniously slides it across the counter into the trash can. Falling in with a dull thunk.

"Uh…" I can't help but question.

"It was expired." She says.

"Didn't know powdered creamer could expire." I mutter under my breath as I grab an unopened container of creamer. Using that to mix into my coffee and drown out the after taste of my meds as I take them.

I join Vicky in breakfast as Carol walks in, dressed and ready for work. We all eat as a family. And I pray the food isn't poisonous. Considering Kitsu made it, there's always a chance it is.

Somehow.

Afterwards, Vicky and Amy depart for school while I walk out with Carol to the car.

"Amy's been looking better lately." I comment on the commute to her law firm.

"Has she?" Carol asks.

"Not as tired looking." I say. "The bags under her eyes are almost completely gone. And she's been putting on a healthy bit of weight."

"That's good." Carol replies before muttering bitterly. "She still doesn't talk to me."

"She doesn't really talk to me either." I say, nipping that insecurity in the bud. "Nor does she with Vicky or Kitsu. I think she's just a natural introvert."

"I never understood that." Carol says incredulously with a shake of her head. "I mean, I get wanting time alone. But time alone all the time? I'd go insane."

"Some people are just wired different." I shrug as we pass the McDonalds on her way to work.

"Don't even think about it." She suddenly says.

"Think about what?" I ask defensively.

"I saw you eying those golden arches." She says and pokes my gut. "You have a diet, remember?"

"Stop that!" I bat her hand away from the little bit of chub I have. "And I'll have you know the only golden arches I want are… uh, damnit give me a second."

I really am getting old. Younger me would've had ten lines ready for that.

"How about, the only thing you should be looking forward to putting in your mouth is me after dinner tonight." She says with a salacious grin that nearly makes me crash.

"Carol, are you okay?" I ask as I fight to keep the blush off my face.

This is not like her at all.

"Mark, I woke up horny and needing to go to work." She says plainly with a flat, irritated tone. "No, I'm not okay. And I probably won't be until after dinner tonight."

"… Probably?" Is all I can think to ask as I pull in front of her work.

"Have a good day dear." She says and leans over and plants a kiss on my cheek. "The lawn needs mowed."

She steps out of the car and starts walking off.

"So is that a yes for tonight!?" I roll down the window and ask. Only to be ignored. "Carol!? This is manipulative behavior!"

She turns with a smile and waves goodbye before stepping into the building.

"Seventeen years of marriage." I sigh to myself as I drive away.

And grab a few bacon egg cheeseburgers on the way home.

Pulling into the driveway, dropping the McDonald's bag into the outside trashcan before heading inside. I look over to see Kitsu doing a headstand in the middle of the living room.

"I'm telling Mom you broke your diet!" She says and crosses her arms. Still upside down.

"Prove it." I say and slap her foot as I walk by.

"Ah!" She squeaks as she falls over.

What followed was a war the likes of which hadn't been seen since the great pillow fight of Monday last week. As I once again show why I am man of the house, using my superior size and natural strength to beat the invasive fox into submission.

Before being reminded why invasive species often dominate their new environments as I become overwhelmed by three clones of Kitsu. Two of them aren't real, but it's hard to find the real one when they're all running in circles around me.

"Tell you what." I say as I open my wallet. "What's it going to take to keep you-"

Only to have it snatched from my hands. Watching as she pulls a twenty from it with a self satisfied smile.

"Thank you, Daddy!" She says and jumps up to plant a kiss on my cheek. "Love you!"

She then disappears to get ready for school. Leaving me to pick up the house on my own.

One load of dishes, dusting, and lawn mowing later. Partway through I stopped to feed the neighbor's cat that had made its way into our backyard. After all that was done, Kitsu gets home and I make us lunch. She steals from my plate the entire time we eat, but I don't comment.

I'll get her back later anyway.

As soon as that's done, she goes upstairs to stream for a bit while I do the dishes.

Once dishes are done. I go around the house collecting various items left out. From clothes, to pens, to dishes and more.

Krrrrrcch

I'm in the living room when I hear the distinct sound of a window being slowly opened upstairs. The living room being right under Kitsu's room.

'At least play some music to cover up the noise.' I think to myself. Shaking my head as I grab the clothes basket and slowly head upstairs.

"Hide!" Kitsu hisses from up the flight of stairs. "My Dad's coming!"

"Are you still grounded?" I hear Missy ask as I get to the top of the stairs and head for Amy's room. The door being left open for me to go in.

Grabbing her clothes and throwing them in the basket. I notice something sticking out from underneath her mattress. Something eerily similar in shape and size to a pinup magazine. Knowing better, I simply use my foot and nudge article further under the mattresses and out of sight. And go on, having not seen anything out of the ordinary.

The girls have their own clothes baskets in their rooms. Amy just never uses hers properly. Half her clothes are all over the floor of her room, the other half in the actual basket.

I've no doubt that some of her clothes are shoved under her bed. But I'm not looking. For one, I'm just here to get the laundry and not snoop. For two, I don't want to snoop. I don't want to know, I don't need to know.

"Need to have a chat with Amy later." I say under my breath. 'What's the point of a laundry basket if you never use it?' I finish in my head.

Heading to Vicky's room, I dump her basket into the larger one I'm carrying. And heading to Kitsu's room, I knock on her door with a wide grin.

"Hey sweetheart?" I call out. "You're not posing in front of the mirror again are you? Because if you are, just stay quiet and I'll come back later."

I hold my hand over mouth as I hear the sound of her panic and scramble about her room.

"I do not do that!" She shouts before the pitter patter of her feet put her in front of the door as it opens. "And you need to mind your own business!"

"Yeah, yeah." I say as I step around her and take in the clues.

Window latch unlocked. Shoes at the foot of the bed that are a size too large. And the hoodie Kitsu gave Missy is on her computer chair.

'Was I this lazy when I snuck over to girl's houses?' I ask myself.

"When did you get new shoes?" I ask 'innocently' as I reach down and pick the green and purple shoes up.

"Oh, um, well I need new shoes so I got some." She says.

"These are a size too big." I say, keeping my face neutral. "And since when do you wear Nike?"

"Why are you being so nosy!?" She shouts. "Get the clothes and do your job! Gosh!"

"What, are you self conscious about your giant feet?" I tease, knowing Missy's probably in the closet listening in.

'Ha! My daughter's girlfriend is in the closet.' I think to myself. 'Oh… that was terrible.'

"I'll have you know that the feet those shoes house are perfectly normal and cute." She crosses her arms with a huff. "And the shoes you currently hold are only proof of that. Now, I will not take anymore foot slander!"

"Fine, fine." I say as I grab her clothes basket and dump the clothes into the larger basket. "And don't worry, I know to wash your undies separate. You get so weird about that."

I'm lying about that. But hey, she wants to sneak her girlfriend in then she needs to be smarter about it. Stupidity has consequence in this house.

"Out of my room!" She shouts and shoves me out.

I let out a loud laugh before I head for the laundry room. After loading the washer, I find myself in the living room watching some TV While the first load finishes. Once enough time passes, I switch. Eventually folding the laundry while Missy sneaks out.

At about five, I leave to go pick up Carol. We're in the car talking about this and that when I get a call from Amy asking me to pick her up from the hospital.

For most parents, having your child call you to ask for a ride from a hospital would be panic inducing. For me, it was a Tuesday.

The detour adds another twenty minutes to the commute. Amy climbing into the car.

"Where's your hero outfit?" Carol asks as she notices the scrubs Amy is in.

"Currently in a biohazard bin waiting for disposal." Amy sighs.

"I thought you weren't scheduled for work today." I bring up. Having noticed her not coming home earlier, but figured I'd get a call from her, Vicky or Kitsu if something was the matter.

Not like her disappearing to the hospital isn't new. Just, more rare nowadays.

"I wasn't." She says with a hint of annoyance. "I had plans, but that hobo monger in the slums had a new concoction he wanted to try. Gave a bunch of people Ebola-Aides in a can."

"Well that's certainly an image I will be working to repress." I say under my breath.

"What plans did you have?" Carol asks.

And now is where I start planning interference.

"Nothing illegal." She mutters and stares out the car window.

"Then you'll have no problem telling me." Carol pushes.

"I bet it was a date~" I say teasingly to diffuse a bomb before it gets made.

Though I'm caught a bit off guard as when I look in the rearview mirror, I find Amy red-faced and staring out the window.

"Wait, was I right?" I chuckle. "Who is she? I bet she's blonde, no brunnette!"

"If you weren't the one driving I'd mrmmrmrm." Amy mutters under her breath.

"Mark, leave her be." Carol sighs. Letting me know I perfectly diffused the tension.

The conversation pretty much dies out there.

Pulling into the driveway, we're immediately assaulted by Kitsu before we even get out of the car. As in she jumps out of her window, lands on her head, gets up and runs over to the car.

"Mark, deal with her." Carol says as she gets out.

"Mommy!" Kitsu cheers for the brief moment she hugs Carol.

Before said woman turns and tosses the human fox hybrid into the passenger seat and closes the door.

She looks to me with an unmoving expression. Looks back to Amy. Looks ahead. Puts her seatbelt on and pumps her fists in the air.

"Road trip!" She announces. "Let's go to Venice!"

"Venice is across the ocean and doesn't have any roads." Amy chides as she unbuckles herself.

"You're just not dreaming big enough." Kitsu counters as I turn the car off.

We get out of the car and head back inside. The rest of the day being largely uneventful save for Vicky getting home late. Something Carol normally would've taken issue with if it were not for me pulling her in for a spontaneous kiss and signaling for Vicky to just go before her mom remembers she exists.

Dinner came and went with Kitsu doing the dishes.

Of course, Carol kept to her cryptic words from this morning. Words I had embarrassingly forgotten until I had stepped into our bedroom and Carol grabbed me by my collar. Kissing me and slipping a pill into my mouth before pulling me into the room and shutting the door behind me.

"Whoa." I say after swallowing the helper pill to combat the unfortunate side effect of my depression meds. And I notice that she is not wearing, anything. "You, are really, wow."

I always feel like nervous teen whenever she gets this, brazen.

"I'm off work tomorrow." She says in a low voice as the towel drops away. "And I have no intentions on getting out of bed until noon."

She turns us around and shoves me back on the bed.

"And I'll make sure you're too tired to leave me." She says as she rips my shirt off.

.

.

-The next morning-

.

.

"You… absol... I can't…" Vicky's muffled voice rings out.

"I should probably see what's going on." I mutter.

"Get up and you're sleep on the couch tonight." Carol sleepily says as she holds me possessively.

"… You can't even… so how… big boobs!" Kitsu yells back.

'What?' My half awake mind barely manages to think as I work to tune out the voices.

A slammed door. Some stomping. More yelling.

"Guys just…" Amy butts in.

Something shatters.

"Someone's grounded later." Carol groans but doesn't get up.

…

Silence.

They're quiet.

"Okay get dressed." Carol and I shoot up in a panic.

.

.

A/N

Amy knew about the laxatives in the creamer. She spared Mark in return for the affection.

It really doesn't take a lot with Amy. Just be genuine with her.

.

Mark's conflict drive is why he keeps forgetting his medicine.

.

Review time!

Matthew Smith6: You're right. And had Kitsu known it was Noelle, she would have gone right away.

Keep in mind she was half awake for half the time she was present in the last chapter. And the only descriptor she got from Sarah was a large fleshy monster that was eating people. To Kitsu, who was half awake, the idea that it was Noelle never crossed her mind because Noelle was an Endbringer level threat and wasn't even suppose to show up for another year.

So to her, their wasn't a real need since the PRT hadn't even sent for her.

Of course she was wrong. But not with the info she had on hand, it was just poor judgement.

As for healing Noelle, she again thought she had more time.

Grimnosh: Sleeping Kitsu is bratty Kitsu with care in the world beside her bed. As for who Rascal's father is? Rachel/Lyra doesn't know… yeah.

GideonBlackthorn: Firebreather was always that strong. He was just unconsciously holding himself back out of fear of hurting anyone. He hasn't gotten stronger, he just stopped being weak.

RadChaos897: You wanted tipping and rearing!? Well… wait a minute. I think I messed that up.

Oh well!

Doom slayer Kitsu is hear! Hide your butts, for she puteth new holes upon thee's! With great enthusiasm!

And you recommended Kumiho, the Korean version of Kitsune for Kitsu's clone.

AvidReader: I ALMOST forgot to respond to you before uploading. (Shame on me!) Also, you are the first person to guess Lilo and Stich. Other than that, it was enjoyable seeing all of your reviews and it really motivated me! Thank you!

.

.

QUESTIONS!

.

FOR NEWB!

.

FOR KITSU!

.

FOR ANY OTHER CHARACTER HERE!

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
Last edited: Oct 18, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, Alduinian and 57 others
Newb to the game
Oct 18, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 92 As One Story Ends New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Mar 29, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,395
A/N As One Story Ends

Alt title: Another Begins

.

.

I tried the whole, responding to reviews at the end thing, didn't like it. Back to normal!

.

Grimnosh: Unlike Skidmark, Snowflame has actual durability. And he heals when he consumes cocaine. But aside from that, yeah. Many of the clones are targeting those they think will be easy kills. For someone with acid, go for the guys cased in metal.

And I'm pretty after the whole Stormfromt incident, people know what Kitsu's about.

AvidReader2425: Not a problem! Though the Hawaii plotline was never going to be a real thing.

GideonBlackthorn: … No comment.

RadChaos897: Funnily enough, when I was writing the hack and slash scene where Kitsu was singing anf killing. I was picturing Sunset Overdrive.

As for ripping Taylor's arm off… why not? It's not like anyone was hurt… much. She got it back okay! Don't lie and say you wouldn't do the same.

Amy knows who The Marquis is. She's mentioned that she knows her father is a villain. She just doesn't want to ever bring attention to it because she has this weird belief that drawing attention to it makes it more real. And she's afraid that she'll be like him.

Thanks for that trauma Carol!

I do believe that most capes fall into Confirmation Bias. Which is why so many get caught off guard when Kitsu points things out like Missy using her power to warp inanimate space, to determine where animate things are.

BobTheSkrull: Her body is fine, just a broken neck. Though it has been a while.

Passerby: Yeah, I took a good long break. Shook off some rust and now I'm back.

Watersalad: Thank you

.

If I didn't respond to your review, it's because either A. It's an unnamed guest. Or B. It wasn't a review posted on the most recent chapter.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-West Slums, Tuesday, October 19th, 2:40am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"I'm having too much fun." I grin as I connect my nervous system to the corpse's and extend it through the mass of bodies.

In my defense, it's not everyday I get to go all out! And I have plenty of things I want to test out.

Bamf!

"Wuh-" Is all I get out before the scenery change. Now staring down at the city, several stories in the air. I twist and turn in the air towards the yellow eyed, red devil man who grins and lets go of me.

"Uh-uh." I lash out and snag ahold of his wrist, dragging him down with me as I start to fall. "You're going to learn what happened to the last one."

Yellow eyes go wide with panic as he tries to dislodge me. Wind whipping through our hair as we fall and tumble through the air.

"You know, one thousand feet is the minimum height before a human starts to reach terminal velocity." I say with a grin and slam my other hand into his chest. Fingers digging into his skin and curling around his ribcage to keep me locked in. "That's about ten seconds. It's been five."

I twist us around, using my superior balance to force him under me. Closer to the ground to cushion my fall. And add tension since he can't see the ground.

"I can survive that just fine." I tell him, making my eye glow for added menace. "Can you?"

He gulps and looks behind him. Struggling to crane his neck enough before looking back to me. Clenching his eyes shut with a deep breath.

'Seems these clones don't have the best survival instinct.' I note to myself. 'Oh well.'

Splat!

There goes keeping my clothes clean.

.

.

-West Slums, Allen Street-

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

Ducking behind an abandoned car parked sideways on the road, using it as a makeshift barricade. I take a breath as my explosion hits a different car down the road. Setting off a chain reaction that blows apart the rushing horde. Sounds of screams, and smells of burning flesh follow not long after as the wave of bodies get blasted to bits.

Taking another breath, I get back up and charge up a few blasts before tossing them out. Nailing two more parked cars the wave of clones charge past. Ducking back down to avoid the shrapnel from the resulting impact.

"Fuck, this is just like Boston." I sigh to myself as I'm brought back to my time at the Boston Games. "Just more blood."

I let out a shaky breath and pull out my phone. Tapping into the group comms channel.

"Flashbang to… anyone. Any chance for backup on Allen Street?" I ask and lean back, pushing up and looking over my shoulder to see the nonstop rush of naked people through the car windows. "Getting tired over here!"

They're not zombie horde levels of people. But they're easily in the dozens as they swarm the street. And they're pouring out faster than I can dispatch. Making this a war of attrition that I'm going to lose.

"Negative, all PRT heroes are currently tied up in combat or evac." I hear Miss Militia call out. "And none can get to you on time."

"Yeah, your freak of a daughter decided to knock out our best means of transport and area control!" I hear… someone say.

"Ste- Overdrive!" Miss Militia calls out.

"Sorry Militia, but we're up shit's creek with a broken paddle. And our best shaker is out for reasons we don't know!" Overdrive says.

I put my phone away and groan to myself. Running my hands over my face.

"Oh Kitsu, what did you do?" I groan and get back up as the stampede of rushing feet gets louder.

I charge up another set of explosives. Feeling my arms start to tingle in that way they get when your limbs fall asleep, signaling the over use of my power. I'm about to let loose on the charging mob, when I hear the sound of footsteps behind me. Boots, not bare feet this time.

Turning to the sound, I let out a sigh of relief and reabsorb my blasts as I see Neil fast approaching. Running down the street and stopping next to me in full gear.

"Neil." I nod to my brother in law. "Glad you could make it."

"Call me Manpower while in uniform." He sighs and grabs the front of the car I'm using as cover, ripping off its front bumper and readying it like a cudgel.

"Alright, Flowerpower." I roll my eyes beneath my eyewear. "Just keep them off me for a few minutes."

"I oughtta let a few get through!" He says with a swing as he steps around the front of the car, bludgeoning a pair of clones that get too close. "Just for that!" He says and pivots for a back swing that nails three more.

"If a few get through, it's just because you weren't good enough to stop them." I chuckle and rest my head against the car door.

Neil's got this. Unless the years have gotten to him way harder than he'll admit, then a couple of unpowered clones'll be nothing to him.

'… On second thought, he's a hundred percent the type to not admit such a thing.' I think to myself and start charging up once more. '… god damnit.'

"Duck!" I shout as I stand up, tossing a green orb that sails over Neil's head.

The orb bounces once in the middle of the street before exploding. Sending bodies across the way as Neil ducks down, arm up to protect his face. When the dust clears, it revealed a new group of clones charging over the bodies of their dead brethren.

"Fucking hell." I curse, instinctively taking a step back.

Neil huffs and looks around. Sliding over the hood of the car and running back.

"Hey, where are you going!?" I call out to him as he walks up to a challenger parked on the side of the street.

"Getting a ride!" He says and punches through the hood. Rips something out and grabs it by the frame between the door and windshield. With a grunt and the shatter of glass, he pulls the front of the car over and pushes it forward before getting behind it and giving it to hard kick that sends it careening down the road.

"Woah!" I jump back as it nearly rams the car I'm using as cover.

The challenger runs down a clone or two before swerving and rolling on its side. Steamrolling the freshest wave of fodder.

"That should give us a few moments to breathe." Neil comes up to me and says as he leans on the car, stretching and popping his back. "Shit! Since when did we get delegated to grunt duty?"

"Since we were no longer the strongest capes in Brockton." I say. "Hell… I don't even think we make top ten. Maybe top twenty, and that's just because Static Shock went back to Dakota City."

Neil lets out a chuff and shakes his head. Giving an exasperated smile as he keeps an eye on the road.

"Why are these kids so strong?" Neil asks and knocks on the hood, signaling more incoming as he steps back around to the other side. "Seriously, the bar wasn't nearly this high when we were out and about."

"Geeze old man, life getting to you that bad?" I snicker and get up. Facing the freshest group of foot soldiers the monster's sent after us.

"Hey, not all of us get the luxury of being a trophy husband." He snipes a quip at me and readies his improvised club. "Some of us have to work for a living!"

"You call me a trophy husband, I say I married the better sister." I smirk and launch another orb at the incoming group of clones. "Hotter one too."

He rolls his head to give me a flat stare and slowly raise an eyebrow.

"You're just a masochist, I know what Carol's like." He says dryly.

"Hey man, too far." I launch another orb. "Keep it PG."

"Mark we're in the middle of the street bashing and blasting an army of naked clones and I'm forcing myself to dissociate the sounds of their screams and broken bones as one of Eric's video games just to cope." He says as the bumper breaks and bends under his latest swing. "The point of family friendly passed long ago… besides, I was referring to how whipped you are!"

"Well at least-" I start to quip back before ducking as he spins and tosses the bumper into the crowd. "Hey! That could've hit me!"

"And the world would've been a better place." He sighs as the horde seems to taper off once more, letting me rest as I sit back down against the car.

"Don't make me bring up the pizzeria incident." I say and reach up to the side view mirror and push it so that I can keep an eye on the street.

"Hey!" He leans back over the hood to glare at me. "You and I both agreed to never bring that up again."

"Tell that too… what's that?" I stop when in the mirror I notice something bigger than the rest of the clones looming down the road.

Neil snaps his head over. "Shit." He curses and pushes off of the hood. Electricity crackling around him and forming an aura of protection. "Mark, get up."

"Don't need to tell me twice." I say and jump up, turning to the incoming beast. Charging like some hybrid of a rhino and a hippo. "What's the plan?"

"You blind it, I'll see if I can't flip it mid charge." He says and amps up his aura. "Wait until my call."

Charging a nonlethal flashbang. I feel my arms once again start to tingle. If I don't get an actual break soon, they'll go numb and I won't be able to move them at all.

"Sure we shouldn't lead it into a wall or something?" I ask. "Like we did with Ripper in oh seven."

"Too late for that." He says and places a foot on the car, preparing to hop over the front and charge the creature.

But before he can do that. Something else catches our attention. Something, loud and small.

"Oh what now!?" Neil groans as we look up and spot a familiar face leaping off of a nearby building.

"Da-dada-daaaaaaaaah!" Kitsu says as she does a few flips mid air and lands about ten feet in front of us. Right in front of the monster's path. "Your adorable and fluffy savior has arrived!"

"Kitsu, get out of the way!" Neil shouts.

"I'm sorry, you didn't say please~" She says with a beaming smile as the beast charges right behind her.

"Move!" Neil shouts.

Part of me is concerned. But another part of me knows that for as reckless and irresponsible she is, Kitsu has the power to back up her flippant attitude. So I don't say anything, but keep my orbs charging just in case.

But the creature hits her with a sickening crunch. Flipping over Kitsu like a bike hitting a guardrail. Legs and waist twisting on impact with the immovable girl. Its body tumbling in a broken heap that rolls towards us.

Neil jumps back, sliding over the hood and we both duck down as it slams into the car. Shattering the glass and nearly tipping the vehicle over. Also likely ruining the warranty for whoever owned this.

After a moment of silence, me and Neil slowly stand up. Looking at the now dead monstrosity half imbedded into the metal on the other side of the car. We look up to my daughter standing there innocently. Before she looks back and snaps her fingers, summoning several small, bright pink panes that shoot out and slice through the remaining clone's legs. All at once, about forty individuals collapse from the attack as their charging momentum separates them from their severed limbs.

"… So what's the thing you needed help with?" She asks and teeters back and forth on her heels.

Me and Neil look to each other with blank expressions.

"I feel old." He groans and leans on the car for support.

BAMF

Before I can register the source of the sound. Kitsu is already on the roof of the car and lunging between us.

Aided by the adrenaline, me and Neil wheel around on our heels to see the threat as Kitsu lands and knocks it over. Now standing on top of a red skinned man and holding his head in both hands, red as in fire red mind you.

"I'm starting to get really tired of dealing with you Nightcrawler Knockoffs." She says and crushes the clones skull between her hands.

She lets out a huff as she stands, looking down at her hands. Now covered in blood and brain matter.

"Euuuugggh!" She whines and turns to Neil, wiping her hands on his uniform. "It's slimy!"

"Hey!" Neil calls out and backs away as she smears blood all over his white and yellow uniform. Then looks to me. "Mark!"

"Cape names when in costume, Flowerpower." I smirk at his misfortune.

.

.

Collin "Armsmaster" Wallis POV

.

"Nope!" The clone cheers as she claps her hands and spreads them wide, splashing a wall of acid to shield herself from my attack. Eating through some of material at the head of my halberd as I slash through it. "Try again!"

'If I had a nickel for every annoying teen girl I've fought.' I think bitterly as my halberd reconfigures to compensate for the missing mass.

"You know this isn't any fun if you're just going to mean mug me the whole time. Say something! Banter with me! C'mon!" She rolls her eyes. "Or are you too captivated by my figure?"

"I'm not attracted to little girls." I frown.

"I am not little." She winks and turns to her side to strike a pose that accentuates her curves. "As you can see~"

And I take advantage of her posing to strike at her exposed mid section.

"Ptew!" She spits at me and nails my hand, melting through the armor and singing my skin.

"Ah!" I wince and stutter in my attack, giving her time to dodge and grab the haft of my halberd.

'Should have shot up the nerve dampeners.' I think to myself, glaring at the clone as smoke wafts from where her hand is grabbing my weapon. 'Acidic skin? No… she's probably just constantly emitting acid through her pores on command. Otherwise she'd have melted through the roof where she stands.'

"There's a joke about me grabbing your pole, but it's too obvious." She smiles as the weapon snaps in her grasp. Having melted in her hand.

I pull back, and she lunges forward. Splashing my arm with a glob of clear fluid that melts right through my armor. Seeping further down into my skin and exposing the muscle beneath.

"Sshhhaaaaggh!" I cry out in pain as the cold air stings my exposed tissue.

"Poor Armsmaster." The clone clicks her tongue as she stares right into my exposed eyes. "Now you get to die, knowing your biggest threat and greatest weakness, was a little girl."

That genuinely stings more than my arm. Because in a literal way, it's true. First Kitsu, now this? How pathetic can it get?

"I did not, survive twelve years. Fight in three endbringer events, survive the Boston and Brockton games. Rise to be the head of Brockton's-"

"I take it back, your voice is annoying." She says in a flat tone and reaches a hand out to grab my face. "Just die already."

"Not yet." I say and activate the ERP. Electro Repellent Pulse. Based on Anthony Stark's repulser technology.

"Agh!" She screams as electricity courses through her body and launches her back.

"Aaagh!" I scream in pain as the backlash wracks my body. Lighting my nervous system up like fire as my suit's failsafe systems, fail. Too damaged to properly protect me from itself.

I power through the pain as my vision starts to go dark. Not willing to let myself lose like this.

Blinking the spots from my eyes. I regain my bearings enough to notice that I'm on my hands and knees. Remedying that issue, I force myself to my feet and face the troublesome, twitching clone on the ground a few feet away.

"You're insane!" The clone screams through pained breaths as she gets up. "You could've killed me and yourself."

"A better deal than just myself." I pop my neck. "If I have to hurt myself to put you down, then so be it."

She grits her teeth in anger as the roof beneath her starts to sizzle. Smoke wafting up as she melts away at the concrete.

"Then I guess I'll just have to-" She starts.

"Shut up already." I tell the clone. "Not everything needs commentary."

That seems to light a fire under her as she gets up with a growl. Turning to me with hands dripping a foul, clear substance that sizzles before it even touches anything.

'If I can kite her to the edge, I just might be able to toss her over the side.' I think to myself as I take a breath and get ready. 'Just need to dodge her acid, and hope she's as fragile as normal girl.'

Best case scenario for her from this height? Broken legs. Worst case, death on impact. Both scenarios are acceptable.

She gets in range to hit me, but rather engage her I-

Bwooom

"Aaah!" The clone flies back with a squeal as a blast of blue light slams into her. Launching her clear across the roof and over the side of the building.

"Hasn't been a week since the games, and you already need more help?" I turn to the irritating sound of America's number one defensive arms contractor and developer.

"Anthony Stark." I let out a breath of annoyance at the sight of the red and gold suit modeled after mine and Dragon's primary suit.

"Call me Iron Man." He says as he lands on the roof with a clack of metal on stone.

"You're not even made of iron." I point out.

"And you've only got one usable arm for an arms master." He quips. "We all take creative liberties." He turns around to face the destruction below as the monster spews forth another wave of clones. Mostly regular people, cannon fodder to slow us down. But I can spot a few of the more unique looking clones in the mix. "So what am I looking at, clones, golems, homunculi or something else?"

'So it can make hordes of regular clones as well as powered clones at the same time.' I make a mental note of the observation. 'Though it seems powered individuals still require either more time, or more resources. Otherwise it wouldn't bother with a mass of expendable foot soldiers.'

"Clones." I say and pull out a supply of my health accelerant. Stabbing it into my shoulder and shuddering as the numbing agent renders my arm painless.

"Right, and the one I saved you from?" He turns to me.

"She's most likely dead." I inform him.

"Not what I was asking." He lowers his head to imitate a glare as the eye slits glow a bright blue. "But that's-"

"Guys, a little help!?" Clockblocker's voice echoes from Anthony's comms. "There's a naked purple chick chasing me and she's melting more than just my resolve!"

"You were saying?" Anthony says after a moment of silence.

"Could be another clone." I amend. "Clockblocker shouldn't be near us."

.

.

Dennis "Clockblocker" POV

.

"Shit, shit, shit, shit!" I curse as I run through the building. Closing every door behind me and tagging it with my power. Hoping to slow down my pursuer.

Ssssssssss

"No use running!" I hear the voice of the, admittedly hot, clone of Pinky as she melts the walls around the doors. "I mean, if I wanted to, I would just melt the walls and bring this whole place down on you!"

"You'd kill yourself too!" I call out, knowing I could tag my own suit and survive the impact. "So I know that's a lie!"

I bust through the final door at the end of the hall. Finding myself in an office break room of some sorts.

"I'd be outside of the building, duh." I hear her scoff as I close and tag the door. "You should count yourself lucky! I'll make it nice and slow, that way you can die with a nice view!"

"Sorry, not my type!" I say and look for a backdoor or window or even a vent of some kind.

'Of all the times for my power to be next to useless!' I click my tongue in annoyance.

Ssssssssss

My heart nearly stops at the sound coming from right behind me. Slowly turning around, I swallow the spit collecting in my mouth as I back away from the growing hole in the wall. Revealing the purple skinned, green eyed copy of Pinky. A completely naked copy at that.

"Here's Johnny!~" She giggles and steps through the hole and holds out a hand dripping with a clear, viscous fluid.

'So the carpet matches the drapes.' I think to myself as I back against the wall. Feeling around for anything behind me that might help extend my life.

"Clockblocker, status report." I hear Aegis's voice come through the comms.

Well at least they got sleeping beauty up!

"Trapped like a rat between a pair of tits and a pool of acid." I respond, earning a confused look from the clone.

"I'm going to need-"

I don't get hear anymore as Nega-Pinky flicks her fingers. Sending globs of fluid at my face that melt right through my helmet and kill my comms.

"Sorry, but I don't do threeways." She snickers and brings a fist up to cover her mouth. "I prefer my time to be more, intimate."

She throws another glob of that gooey fluid at me and I hold out my hand to stop it. Activating my power immediately on contact and freezing the majority of it in mid air. But several smaller specks fly past and nail various spots of my armor. Eating right through the metal and padding.

Not wanting to gamble my luck on the glob of acid staying frozen for too long. I dive out of the way and roll as Pinky's clone keeps throwing goops of acid at me.

"Shit, shit, shit!" I curse as I start throwing random shit in the room at her.

"Oh, oh that's funny!" She says, throwing out more and more globs of acid that just eat anything I throw at her, until I'm out of small stuff and go for a chair.

"I'd think you'd make a WWE joke here." She says and steps to the side to avoid the chair while tossing a glob at me. "Missed opportunity if you ask me."

It's too low for me to reach with my hands and tag it, and I'm too slow to fully dodge it in time before it hits me.

"AAAGH!" I cry out and fall to my side. My leg screaming in pain as the acid sizzles through my armor. Melting through and eating away at my calf. "Fuck! Fucking, shit, agh!"

'Maybe it's like lemon on a papercut? It just feels worse than it is.' I tell myself and look down to my leg. And immediately regret it, no one should see that much muscle when there should be skin.

"You're supposed to be the annoying and sometimes funny one." The evil clone says as she saunters closer. Purposefully putting more sway into her steps than I think is natural. "Come on, tell a joke. Make yourself feel better."

I'm about to lunge and tag her with my power. Put a stop to her and just deal with whatever bullshit her acidic skin brings. But she leans down and places a hand around my throat faster than I move my hands.

"Go on." She says and sits in my lap. "I want to know what your last words are. Give me something memorable, surely you have something great."

She places a hand over my face and melts part of my visor away with a frightening speed. Making me hiss in pain as some of her acid singes my skin.

"No? That's a shame. Well, look at it this way." She says with a wide grin as she presses herself right up to me. Her skin slowly dissolving my suit on contact. "You get to lay back, relax, and just melt away in the arms of a cute girl~"

I put my hands on her shoulders to force her off. But the moment I do, I recoil in pain as my palms are exposed to her acid. The palms of my gloves eroding almost instantly on contact.

"Don't ruin the moment." She says in my ear. "Not if you want this to last."

"I'd rather it not happen!" I finally find my voice and try to shove her away. Crying out as I smell my palms melt, pulling back in pain as she kisses my cheek, leaving a painful sting.

Scrambling for ideas, I scrounge the floor for something, anything! But find nothing. I'm out of stuff to use, I'm cut off from the others. I'm alone, I have nothing. If I freeze her, all that does is prolong how long this takes.

Then I realize, I do have something.

Reaching down to my calf, I hiss and grab ahold of my singed armor. Twisting my leg to touch her thigh. Melting through parts of the metal.

"Oh?" She pulls back and grins at me. "And what's this?"

"Just a little, last attempt." I huff through the pain as I feel my exposed chest meet the cold air. Glad to have gotten her to back up before she started melting that.

"Cute." She says and leans forward again, pressing her breasts against my chest and burning my skin. "But in case you haven't noticed, I'm kinda untouchable. It's a shame, you'll have to die a virgin."

"You sure? With how you're acting I figured you'd like something hard." I grin and break the jagged piece of metal off of my armor before stabbing it into her ribs. And freezing it in place.

"AAAAAHHH!" She screams, and tries to grab it. To no avail as the object is trapped in stasis.

Using all of my strength, I shove myself forward and headbutt the shit out of her. Forcing her back and making her rip her ribs open with a sickening tear as the jagged metal stays floating in space.

"Aaagh!" She screams, holding her side as blood leaks to the floor. "You prick!"

"Hey, you asked for it." I grin and try to stand up, only to cry out and fall back down. "Agh! I-I mean, just look at what you're wearing! Ah, fuck that was in poor taste." I hiss in pain under my breath.

"And you-"

Krrr

"What now!?" She screams, voice cracking as we look to the door.

Ting, the metal shard I stabbed into the girl drops from where it was frozen in space. My power wearing off

Krrrrr

The crashing gets louder and the clone backs away from the door. Wincing as she holds her side.

'Oh please for the love of everything, let it be someone on my side.' I think to myself.

KRRRRR!

The hole Pinky's clone came in through explodes apart. Revealing a seven foot tall, brown furred werewolf. My first thought was to resign myself to death. Seeing as I'm stuck as the dopey guy in a room with two monster mash specials. But then I remember we have a werewolf on our team.

Lyra.

She sniffs the air and looks to me.

"H-hey, how's it hanging?" I try to grin, but only manage a pitiful wince.

Lyra says nothing as she turns to the purple skinned clone and snarls. Claws outstretched, she charges forward and gores the girl. Holding her up for half a second before throwing her to the side with the swipe of her wrist. Making the girl slam against the wall with a wet thud.

"Well… that was emasculating to my pride as a man." I remark at how easily that was handled.

Lyra whimpers as she shakes her hand, flicking bits of acid onto the ground before turning to me.

"H-hey, uh." I stammer as she walks towards me, shrinking down to her normal… well usual form. Barely an inch shorter than me, long black hair, brown fur from head to toe, lean runner's frame and thankfully covered in baggy shorts and a baggy blue croptop. "So uh, thanks for the save."

She kneels down over me. Her unreadable as ever expression staring right at me. And I gulp as adrenaline starts pumping anew. Both in fear of the girl I know can rip me in half, and something else.

"Hey uh, so… I know you could get away with murdering me now." I gulp nervously. "Especially after the whole shepherd's pie thing, but uh…"

"Are you dying?" She says, now mere inches from my face. "You smell like death."

"W-well I don't know what you think you're smelling." I give and awkward chuckle as she stares deeply into my eye and the half of my visor that isn't melted. "I-I haven't exactly been able to-"

"That's why it's so clear." She says and stands up. "You're talking, your heart is pumping, so you're not dead yet. I'll send Angelica for you."

"Couldn't, you take me back?" I ask.

"… No." She turns and walks away, transforming back into her werewolf form to charge out of the room. Leaving me to wrestle with the adrenaline and mixed feelings I have.

"… Fuck, am I a furry?" I ask myself.

.

.

Firebreather POV

.

Ducking under the creature's arm, I can't help but wince at the stinging pain coursing through my back.

I'm not sure how much longer I can go. My skin's raw, my chest and throat burn, I can barely feel my wings and arms. And what I do feel is screaming for me to stop.

I think I might actually be outmatched. This is it, this might actually be my last stand. Unless something changes, I might die here.

'It'll be a hell of a way to go out.' My tired brain tells me. 'Course, if you let that thing get ahold of you. Then they'll have to deal with more of those Blastzone clones. Can't let that happen.'

"Only one thing left to do then." I smirk to myself and fly straight up.

Higher and higher, I fly away from the scene of the fight. I keep going until the sounds no longer reach me, and I keep going. Until my breath fogs and I feel the chill past my scales.

"Huuuuuh." I let out a shiver and slow to a stop. Closing my eyes and folding my wings in, I let myself relax and just… fall.

I take a deep breath in, feeling my lungs fill with that cold, city air. My chest warming as I breathe in the higher nitrogen concentration. Refueling my fire, not by much, but enough. I open my eyes to the city lights below and prepare my flames. Ready to force every last bit of fire into one last hail mary.

But I don't let it unleash. I keep it in, keep it building as I descend. Tears prick at the edges of my eyes as my chest hurts. I'm immune to fire, but not the force of the blast.

'I can't kill you.' I think to myself. 'But I can hurt you a lot. And make sure you don't get anything from me.'

With that. I clench my eyes shut. Prepared to just let what happens happen as I plummet. Clenching my jaw shut tight as the flames try to escape.

'This is it.' I think to myself. 'Well, at least I'll go out with a bang!'

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Now what the dragon doin?" I groan as I watch the orange lizard nose dive while glowing like a Christmas tree topper.

Reshaping my eyes with my biokinesis, I increase the cone density of the fovea, then form a second cone dense fovea a bit further back. It makes my pupils dilate like I'm high, but I can now see Firebreather clearly as though I were ten feet away from him. And what I see, makes me sigh with annoyance.

His eyes are closed. Clenched shut actually, as he dives straight down towards Noelle. Well… he's on fire now. Bits of flames leaking from the sides of his mouth. But he's still not turning.

"Great, he's doing a John Fox." I sigh and conjure an illusionary saucer as I run towards the scene.

I can't get too close for obvious reasons. So, I get close enough to snag him with the saucer. But not before using it to gut punch the wannabe kamikaze warrior. Forcing him to expel the nuke he was cooking in his gut.

Pfft! I made it sound like he farted.

I stand aside at a safe distance from Noelle. Taking care to softly guide Fire's mangled battle torn body to me for a quick fixer upper.

Plop! His body rolls across the rooftop and lands at my feet.

"…Ow."

Still counts.

"So, were we looking at a blaze of glory type of deal?" I ask the tired, downtrodden boy as I lean down and put a hand to his chest and begin healing him. "Or was it more of an, out with a bang, attempt?"

"… I was thinking… out with… bang." He says in a low, disinterested voice. "But… blaze of glory sounds better."

"Yeesh, you sound about as bad as you look… what's got the poor orange dragon all mopey?" I ask after patching his shoulder, wings and chest up.

"It's… it's Crystal." He says in a low voice.

"Oof." I mutter as I finish patching him up. Numbing his exposed muscles and realigning a few broken bones. Can't really do much about the missing skin, I can't really make organic matter out of thin air after all. "Trouble in paradise? I thought you and Crystal got along great."

"Crystal's dead." He says.

…

"… Say that again?" I ask.

"She's dead. Fought her clone, she lost." He says with no expression as he stares dead in the eye.

"I… see. And her clone, which one is that?" I ask. "Where can I find her?"

"You can find her on the wind." He says with a growl. "The breeze should've picked her ashes up by now."

"Are you sure she's dead?" I ask. "Crystal, not the clone."

"Not breathing, heart not beating." He says. "Hard to mistake that for being anything that lives."

"Well… maybe you should take me to her… just in case you're wrong." I tell him. "Where's her body, just in case."

"She's, on a roof somewhere south of-" He stops and we both look over as we hear something approach. Something blonde that crashes into the roof right in front of me and Fire.

I didn't even notice her approach with all the chaos going on.

"Oh, hey Vicky." I greet the dusted sister of mine.

"Ugh." She groans while getting up from the rubble. Blowing some hair out of her face as she props herself up by her elbows. She looks to me in annoyance. "Nice to see you're having fun. What are you two doing, starting a picnic while the fucking city burns?"

"Good idea, seeing as I lost my fiddle." I quip and look back out to the scene of destruction.

"What?" She asks between breaths.

"Ugh, the ignorance of the masses." I roll my eyes and spot… another Vicky several buildings away. Flying right towards us.

I look back to the current Vicky, in her normal Glory Girl uniform. Then look back to the other one in clothes that barely fit. A bloodied white tee and loose bellbottom jeans. Then back to Vicky again.

"What did I say about not letting-"

"I'm a brute, not a blaster." She defends herself as she gets up. "Sorry if that doesn't leave me a lot of options."

"That's fine." I shrug and turn back towards the clone. "Take Fire to Amy. I'll deal with Illegally Blonde."

"Hey, I can-"

"Wasn't a question." I say and jump from the rooftop. Running to intercept the incoming clone .

She must have bad eyes. Because she only chooses to change course when I get within three buildings of her. And even then, she chooses to dive down between the apartments.

Big mistake.

"An alley, really?" I call down to the impostor as I reach the ledge. "Don't you know that foxes are stalkers and ambush predators?"

"If you wanted me dead, you'd have done it by now!" NotVicky shouts up at me. "So you clearly have some ulterior motive. Knowing you, you're bored and want to strike a deal with me."

A fair guess, given everything Vicky knows about me. I can see why she'd come to that conclusion.

"Good guess, but not quite." I say and turn invisible. Making the clone panic and try to flee before I slam a fist into the side of the building and making part of it collapse under the force. Ensuring the clone doesn't get far as debris knocks her out of the air.

"See, I have some steam I need to blow off." My voice echoes throughout the alley. And I make glowing illusions of my eyes open from every dark corner within view. "And you…"

I vault over the ledge, dropping down behind her while she looks around. Frantically trying to find me.

"… Are far more durable than most others." I grab her by the hair and throw her back against a dumpster.

I grin with sadistic anticipation. Ready to vent my anger and frustration on this Vicky clone to a disrespectful degree. Rolling my shoulders as I stalk closer to the bruised and battered brute flyer.

She raises her hands to defend herself.

"K-Kitsu, you wouldn't really…" Vicky's clone pauses in her pleas as I quirk an eyebrow at her. Then lets her hands fall to the side. "… Fuck it, just make it quick."

It's no fun when they just give up. Oh well, I have more important things to do anyway.

"Nope!" I say and grab her face before giving her turbo cancer, then paralyze her. "Have fun with the hour of life!"

… What? It's an evil clone. Only thing more worthy of a torturous death is a nazi.

.

.

-10 minutes later, rooftops-

.

.

'[Conduit]?' I mentally call out, only to be met with silence as a response.

"Damnit, you two bit parasite. Give me something here!" I mentally shout in frustration as I watch Snowflame and Hellfire of all people work together. Forming two massive columns of fire, one white and one blue clash into each other as they force Noelle to be the meat in a burnt sandwich.

At least until she grows a layer of chitin to protect herself. Blocking the flames to enough of a degree that allows her to retaliate. Charging the two pyros targeting her. Cutting off their attacks as they fleeing from armored the beast.

BAMF

I don't even look as I conjure a hardlight illusion of a sawblade to slice through the space I heard the signature teleportation.

Splat!

"… Crud that might've been Nightcrawler." I wince and turn around, hoping to see red skin and not blue. "Oh thank god."

I'm getting fed up here. I can't get close and help because Noelle might clone me. And that leaves a small, very small, chance of producing another immortal. This one with a hatred of me and all I love. But at this rate, we might need a damn nuke just to- wait.

Getting an idea, I look to my hand and concentrate. Letting it ignite before cutting off the flames.

"That, could work." I think to myself.

I look out to the group fighting off Noelle. Then out to the city where Fire mentioned leaving Crystal on a roof to the south of here.

"I have time, surely?" I tell myself.

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"I'm going to kill her." I say plainly as I rub the sleep from eyes in the medic's tent.

"Pretty sure she's unkillable, but hey what do I know." Amy says as she moves on to a PRT officer. "I just live with her."

"I'll find a way, damnit!" I say, resecuring my helmet back on my head and getting up from the cot. "Who does she think she is, taking agency over my safety!? Do I not get a say in what I do?"

"One, the eighth strongest cape in the world." Amy says. "Two, you're thirteen. Most thirteen year olds don't get a say in what they eat."

"That goes doubly for her!" I point out as I turn my comms back on. "If she thinks she can walk up to me and kiss me unconscious and say it's for my own good then she needs to learn her place!"

"Hey uh, I'm starting to feel really uncomfortable here." The officer Amy's healing says with a groan. "Not to butt into your relationship but-"

"Shut up/Shut up!" Amy and I say respectively.

I take a moment to breathe and collect my thoughts. Count to ten and all that jazz before I decide what to do next.

"I'm heading out." I declare and march out of the tent while activating my comms. "Vista, reporting for duty. What's the situation?"

"Good morning sleeping beauty, have a nice nap?" Dennis says.

"Clockblocker, not now." I say tersely. "I have enough to think about without your dumb jokes."

"Sorry, just sitting here with half my skin melted off. But if you have things you need to think about then don't mind me." He says with a bit more bite in his tone.

I roll my eyes under my visor. Crossing my arms as I take in my surroundings. A few spotlights set up to illuminate the area. Five medic tents, and a series of vans prepped and ready to haul everyone off in a matter of minutes.

"He's exaggerating." Aegis answers over the comms. "But not by much. Vista, where are you right now?"

"Right now I'm outside the medical tents and getting ready to-"

"Stay there." He cuts me off.

"What?" I grit my teeth.

"We have several wounded and you're our best answer to getting them out of here fast." He tells me. "Like Dennis and his aforementioned skin condition."

"See, now that was funny." I hear Sophia's voice.

'Oh great, she's here.' I feel the vein on my head throb in preparation for a headache.

"Yeah, fine, I'll act as evac." I just agree to avoid the back and forth arguing will bring. "Just give me a minute to… get my position situated."

"Copy that, let us know when-" I cut the comms and pull out my phone, dialing one of the ten numbers I have saved on it.

"… C'mon, you better be dead or your phone got crushed in a-" I cut myself off when I hear the line pick up.

"Oh, hey uh, hey Missy." She says. "I'm uh, a bit busy, at the moment. Need to focus here and-"

"Get over here or we're done." I say.

"D-done? W-what do you mean?" Kitsu asks, clearly nervous. As she should be!

"I mean, that unless I get a good reason for why my girlfriend knocked me out and left me in the middle of the street. Then I don't have a girlfriend!" I say and hang up.

Putting my phone away, I take a breath and cross my arms. Restlessly tapping my foot, I look around at all the people being carted to the medical site.

Sighing, I tap my comms.

"Who needs evac?" I ask.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I knew she wouldn't be happy. But not this unhappy!

Rushing to… I don't even know where she is! I just know I need to find her and-

BAMF

"OH MY GOD!" I turn around on the red devil reaching out for me and kick him in the crotch.

"aaaa!" He lets out a high pitched whimper as he falls to his knees, clutching his family jewels.

I kick him in the head. Making grey matter and bone bits splatter the sidewalk behind his body like a twisted Jackson Pollock.

"If one more damned teleporter or shaker, or mover gets in my way I… I can't be held responsible for what I'll do!" I let out a nervous laugh.

'Okay, okay think.' I stop and pace back and forth up and down the sidewalk. Walking over the clone's body every time. 'Where is she, where could she be?… Wait, if I don't know, then someone else must know!'

"I'm genius!" I clap and grab my phone.

'Who would know… screw it. Alphabetical order it is.' I think to myself as I just press buttons.

"Kitsu, what's going on?" Mom answers.

"Hey uh, long story short." I chuckle. "So uh, Missy's mad at me and-"

"Kitsu, now is not the time to worry about your relationship!" Mom cuts me off. "Get out there and make sure the perimeter is holding! We have back up incoming and we need to hold the lines."

She hangs up and I groan in frustration. Pacing back and forth as I dial Amy.

Whose phone goes straight to voicemail.

"Okay, I still have options." I say and hit up Vicky.

"Kitsu? What the hell?" Vicky asks.

"Hey, real quick, where's Missy?" I get to the point.

"I don't know, the evac site where I left her?" Vicky says. "I'm busy, Keets. City's kinda on fire."

"What about Firebreather, I left him with you." I ask.

"Who do you think is setting shit on fire!?" She hangs up.

"… Lung?" I think to myself and try calling him.

"… The number you have dialed is not-"

"Of course he'd have a new number when I need to call him." I grumble and put my phone away to keep myself from crushing it in anger. "Okay, okay think." I start pacing back and forth once more. "City's on fire, that's a Tuesday. People are dying, that's pretty much the average morning. Missy upset with me for something I did? That's a monthly deal."

Something slams into the building I'm next to. Looking over, I spot another of those large hulking rhino skinned clones.

"Okay, who did you get cloned from?" I ask out loud to no one in particular. Rubbing my hands over my face, I groan in frustration as my tired, sleep deprived brain is tries to compile everything. "Uuuuggghhh! I'm not dealing with you."

I jump up and scale the side of the nearest building. Landing on its edge, I take a breath and… and use the peace and quiet to-

"YUUUUAAAAAGGGHHH!" Noelle yells in the distance.

"Aaaaaaaaaahhhhh!" I yell back, and the building shakes under me before leaning to one side. "And now I'm falling! Fantastic!"

I cross my arms and shake my head as I go down with the structure. Craning my head to glare at the monster in the distance. A plan forming in my head to get this over with.

[WARNING! ACTION IS ILL-ADVISED!]

'You don't get a say anymore.' I tell the suddenly vocal [Conduit]

.

.

Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon POV

.

"Because the thing makes clones of whoever it touches." I tell Little V as I drop off a few field agents and Firebreather. "Why do you think Keets hasn't bullshitted her way out of this yet?"

"That still doesn't give her the right to knock me out and leave me." Vista crosses her arms.

"She gave you to me, and I'm not saying it does." I lean a hand on my hip. "Just saying it wasn't for no reason."

"Then why isn't she here, telling me?" She asks.

"Uh, does she know you're here?" I ask. "Cause she called me wondering where you were."

Vista opens her mouth to say something. Then closes it immediately. Face going red as she turns away from me.

Oh well, Kitsu's relationship drama is not my own. I have my own issues. And one of which is wrecking shit across the city as we speak.

"EEEEEWIIIIIAAAAAJIJII!"

I cover my ears as the creature lets out a series of piercing screams from all of its mouths. An ungodly scream that makes metal music sound like a lullaby in comparison. Everything just thrums in my head as my ears feel ready to burst.

I can't even hear myself scream in pain over it. Though I know I am from the feeling in my throat.

Squinting my eyes open to see what's going on. I grit my teeth and watch on as the creature starts to fall apart in the distance. Massive limbs swing wildly as they start to rot and decay. Plates of chitin and strips of skin falling away as the creature gets stripped of its flesh. Before long, it's no longer screaming and I can hear myself think again.

"Why, what's happening!?" I ask, not really expecting an answer.

"Necrosis." Amy says next to me. "No, it's… falling apart. But it's not decaying fast enough to be that. It looks like its connective tissues are decaying faster than the skin and muscles."

Right as she says that, one of its limbs fall right off. Collapsing in a heap with a squelch that can be heard from here. Kicking up a dust cloud around the disintegrating limb with a rumble that can felt through our feet.

"I'm going to see what's going on." I say and take off.

"Wait!" Someone says, but I'm already long gone before the words register.

flying over the city, I get the feeling something is wrong with the clones as they all start to panic. The cape clones and regular ones alike. No longer rushing in concentrated hordes, but scattered. Disorganized and fleeing, down the streets, into buildings.

Some are throwing themselves at capes. Villains and heroes alike. Turning the streets into a glorified meat grinder.

"Ew." I grimace at the site, subconsciously imagining the smell as I approach the main body.

Flying over, I feel a vein in my forehead twitch. Spotting the miniature menace to my sanity, and my makeup supply. Trudging through the goop of meat and flesh that was the monster.

"Oh you have got to be kidding me." I hiss under my breath as I fly down. "I was just defending your dumb ass."

I fly down and hover above the blood soaked headache. Irritated over how she reduced an endbringer level threat to a pile of goo.

Yes I know she's nicknamed the Endstopper but that's not the point!

"Ahem!" I call out.

"Sup?" She doesn't even look when she gives me a lazy wave.

"So… just like that?" I ask.

"Yep." She says.

"I thought you said it was too dangerous." I glare at the runt.

"It is, it was." She says, not taking her eyes off the heap of flesh. Then turns and looks me right in the eye. "I decided it was worth the risks."

"And you didn't think this earlier?" I ask.

"I didn't know Crystal was dead earlier." She says in a low voice. "I also didn't think everyone would be so overwhelmed, by what is essentially a biblically accurate blobfish."

"So it literally takes one of us dying for you to take something seriously." I cross my arms in anger.

"Yes." She says simply and turns away from me. Trudging through the slop and goop. Sifting and searching through the blood and bile.

"What are you even doing?" I float down and question the brat.

"Looking for something." She says and sticks her hand into the mush.

"What could you possibly need to-" I start to ask before she pulls a body out of the pile. Red shirt, covered in blood and guts. The girl whimpers as Kitsu holds her up.

"Who, the fuck?" I ask, my anger at Kitsu briefly forgotten in favor of my cautious curiosity over the girl. Who has no legs.

"Vicky, meet Noelle." Kitsu says. "The former Endbringer in the making."

"Former what?" I feel my emotions just shut off at the information.

"Shut up." Kitsu says as she manipulates the girl's body in real time.

"Excuse you?" My eyes widen in disbelief at the… I don't even know what that was!

"Need to concentrate here!" She raises her voice and scoffs. "If you aren't going to help, then leave."

"Why are you even healing her?" I ask.

"To find out what happened to Nightcrawler, Pinky, Gully and any others." Kitsu says. "Can't do that if she's dead or barely conscious."

I cross my arms and wait. Watching with equal parts fascination and disgust as Kitsu sticks a hand in the meat soup. Siphoning the blood and sinew into Noelle's body, reconstructing her limbs one layer at a time. Starting with her bones, the muscles and veins. And finally her skin.

"There!" Kitsu claps her hands and wipes them off on her shorts. "Done."

"So that's the creature we just fought?" I ask as the girl slowly blinks her eyes open and sits up with a groan.

"Yep!… Oh, you're actually kinda cute." Kitsu comments as she gives the currently half naked girl and up down.

"Kitsu!" I snap at the thirteen year old, with a girlfriend.

"What?" She looks to me in confusion. "Wait, did I say that out loud?"

I shake my head in disbelief. Looking back the girl who, I would say is a little older than me. Probably around Crystal's age.

"Alright, listen up." I say and pop my neck. "We have questions that you need to answer."

"W-what's going on?" She asks and looks around at the carnage and destruction. "O-oh. Oh, what, what did, did I… no, no I-"

"Hey!" Kitsu shouts and snaps her fingers. "Stay focused! You need to-"

"Heuuuurrrgh!" We both back up as the girl vomits all over her new legs and starts dry heaving.

"Great, she's having a panic attack." Kitsu says tiredly.

"You could try to sound less callous." I comment.

"I'm sorry, considering that the cause of Crystal's demise is sitting right in front of us, I find that I am already showing a great deal of restraint." The fox tells me in a sickly sweet tone. "And anymore than this, may see me snap altogether."

"…"

"Nothing?" She asks in that same sickly sweet voice.

"Shut it." I respond through clenched teeth.

I've been trying not to think about that.

Keets steps forwards and puts a hand to the now hyperventilating and crying girl's face. And in a few moments, she calms down. Or at the very least she's not freaking out and puking.

"Good, now, tell us what you remember." Kitsu says. "From the beginning of the night, to now."

"I-I don't r-really know." She trembles and pulls her shirt down to cover her legs. "I-I'm sorry, but can I get some clothes?"

"No/No." Me and Kitsu say at the same time.

"First our friends, then you can worry about your modesty." I cross my arms over my chest.

She gulps nervously and looks between the two of us. Still shakily trying to use her shirt as a proper cover. It's hard to believe that this is the creature that almost destroyed a fifth of Brockton.

"Okay, if you don't start talking." Kitsu says and pops her neck. "Then I'm going to start turning you back into a freak of nature."

"Kitsu!" I hiss at the mini menace.

"What? I'm a Case 53, I can say it." She shrugs.

"That's not what I meant!" I growl. "You can't just casually threaten someone with bodily deformation."

"Wouldn't be the first time." She shrugs. "Besides, does it count as deforming, if she was originally deformed?"

"P-please!" We turn our attention back to the girl, who starts groveling at us. "D-don't turn me back! Anything but that! I-I'll do anything! Just please!"

"See?" Kitsu gestures with a smug look. I just roll my eyes and scoff at the girl. Kitsu, not Noelle. "Now, tell us what you did with the capes you were cloning. The ones you made multiple copies of."

"I-I'm sorry." She says. "I r-really don't know."

"Back to square one then." Kitsu says and steps forward.

"No!" She gets up and backpedals. "No please not-"

Splat

"What the fuck!?" I fly back a little as a hand pops through the girl's forehead.

The hand pulls back from the girl's head. Letting the freshly made corpse fall to the ground to reveal a slim, blonde little girl covered in blood with purplish red serpentine eyes. Two spiral black horns curling around to crown her head. And a blackish purple whiplike tail extending from behind her.

I watch in disgust as she looks to her bloodied hand with a sharp smile. Closing her eyes and sighing as the skin on her hand and arm roils.

"Ah~… That's better. Nice and silent." She sighs and opens her eyes towards me and Kitsu. "After all, you should know how I hate being told what to do."

And Kitsu does something I almost never see or gear her do. She utters, a single word.

"… Fuck."

'You know a situation's bad when Kitsu curses.' I think to myself as I wonder what could happen now that she's serious.

"I just fixed that!" She continues with a stomp of her foot.

Never mind.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

"So, one of the most pressing questions on everyone's minds. You and Vista."

"We're just really good friends and roommates."

"What I mean is… how did that all start? The poster child for Brockton Bay's Wards and the poster child for New Wave? Surely there's a story."

"I threatened her and she thought I was flirting. After that she snuck into my house, and confessed to me while she thought I was asleep. And now I have Stockholm for her."

"Do you think your parents would be proud of you?"

"Who? Mark and Carol? Or my birth parents."

"The Dallons."

"Weird question to ask a thirteen year old adopted orphan, but okay. Gotta get your views in I see you."

"Th-that's not-"

"I don't think Carol's all too proud of me. More or less she just tolerates me. And Mark, I think I make his days better. But proud? I'm not sure."

"And that… doesn't concern you?" The host asks.

"I'm thirteen." Kitsu rolls her eyes. "What do they have to be proud of? Most my age have yet to get their first kiss." She looks to the camera and makes an L with her hand above her head. "Losers!"

"Right, well I suppose you wouldn't have such concerns." The host says and moves to the next card. "Have you ever thought about what it would be like, to not be a Case 53?"

"I already know." Kitsu says and transforms into a normal girl. Her tail and ears disappearing and her pupils rounding out. "It's boring. Less attention and less judgement. But then again I got the lesser of the issues when it comes to Case 53 mutations. So… eh."

"And the memories?" The host continues. "Don't Case 53's suffer from severe memory loss?"

"Meh, can't miss what I never had." Kitsu says and inspects her nails.

"What do you mean?" The host questions.

"I'm physically thirteen, my physical age may be a bit wonky due to my mutations." She waves her hand in a so-so motion. "But I've been around for more than half a decade. Whatever I had before, it wasn't much."

"Well, on that line of thought." The host says and looks to the next card. "Would you say that you'd do better in another career, and what would it be?"

"What career?" Kitsu asks. "I do what I want, as I want."

"So you… choose to play video games and beg for money from an audience of children?" The hosts asks. "I hardly feel as though that counts as a career."

"Just as much a career as you choosing to stare into a camera and mindlessly read prompt cards." Kitsu shoots back. "At least when I smile, it's genuine."

"Um, let's just move on." She chuckles nervously and goes to the next card. "Oh! Well you'll be perfectly suited to answer this, given your ahem, occupation. What do you see as the future of gaming?"

"I want it to continue as is, with a greater focus on games telling compelling narratives and innovative gameplay." She says. "Games that tell stories or create memories while giving players a wide range of freedom and autonomy. That's what I foresee going forward into the early and mid twenty tens. After that though, I'm afraid."

"Afraid of what?" The host furrows her brow in concern.

"That the companies will learn how profitable video games are." Kitsu says with a sad smile towards the camera. "This clip is going to age beautifully. Next question." She says and looks back to the host.

"O…okay then." She nervously looks back and forth between the girl and the crew before reading the next card. "What game do you think is currently ahead of its time?"

"Red Dead Redemption, no explanation needed." She says easily. "If you know it then you know it, if you don't. Then be better. Next question."

"What did you do before coming to Brockton Bay?" The host asks. "That is a good question. As far as most people are aware, you showed in a Wendy's parking lot. Disappeared from PRT custody. Reappeared in the news after singlehandedly driving off Behemoth. Then you cleared Eagleton. And now here you are, third Dallon child and New Wave's poster child. How'd you get here?"

"I just kept breaking into houses until I broke into the right one." She shrugs.

"…" The host glances to the crew. "… Okay then, um… next question I guess, then." She chuckles nervously and goes to the next card. "According to local eyewitnesses; is it true that you've been seen going to local pet shops and purchasing pet shampoo for your hair and fur?"

"I don't know who is saying that but they're lying!" Kitsu shouts and points to the camera. "You hear me! Lies and slander! And I don't appreciate-"

-We'll be back after this break-

.

.

"Do you know why Fruit Gushers are so irresistible to children? Sorry, our sponsor wanted us to ask this question." She says.

"You're not very good at this, are you?" Kitsu asks.

"Haha! Well, I guess I'm just a bit nervous at be in the presence of such a high profile character!" The host uncomfortably forces a laugh.

"Nice save." Kitsu snickers at her.

"Okay, sorry about… ahem." The nervous host coughs and reads the next card. "Kitsu, are you naturally this cute or is it a result of your powers?… Who wrote this?"

"I'm all natural baby!" Kitsu says and extends her legs while stretching her arms up. "Not a piece of work done on me."

"Moving on, what are your thoughts on the socioeconomic situation of the world today?" She asks.

"It feels like we're nailing the 'Socio' while slapping 'Economics' with a dead fish like it'll do something." She says and turns upside down in her chair. "Personally? I blame the French and their invention of the croissant."

"Kitsu who is more… huggable, Armsmaster or Brandish?" The host looks to the camera crew with a raised brow. "What, who wants to know that?"

"Armsmaster of course!" Kitsu says. "Don't tell anyone I told you, but he just loves it when people run up to him while he's on patrol and hug him. Get an autograph, take pictures. Especially after an arrest, it makes him feel better."

"Wait, really?" The host blinks in surprise.

"He puts on a tough exterior but he just needs a hug." Kitsu says with a cutesy smile.

"Well, that's certainly unexpected to know." The host smiles to the camera and reads the next card. "Kitsu the people want to know peanut butter or jelly spread first on the sandwich."

"How is that a question?" Kitsu asks. "Have you tried to spread peanut butter on jelly? It doesn't work!"

"Kitsu who is more huggable Glory Girl or Laserdream?" The host asks. "What is with these-"

"Oh Vicky, for sure!" Kitsu says with a wide grin. "In fact, she is such a cuddle bug, she'll sometimes go around the house and just beg someone for a hug. She's been to therapy for it in fact."

"Okay!" The host says and moves to the next card. "Kitsu is cereal soup or stew?" The host reads and sets the cards down. "I'm sorry but can I speak with someone?"

.

.

The questionnaire was cut short due to it being discovered that Kitsu was using her illusions to change the question cards.

.

.

A/N

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:SolverFollower, Vanir, Alduinian and 60 others
Newb to the game
Mar 29, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 93 Character Trope, The Evil Twin New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Apr 10, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,443
A/N Character Trope, The Evil Foil

Alt title: Which One's Evil Again?

.

.

Grimnosh: In your last review, I was referring to Rascal's father, not Rachel's. Rascal is Rachel's son, and Rachel doesn't know who the father is. And Rachel/Lyra is unmarried.

RadChaos897: Someone on QQ said it best, Everyone is dealing with an apocalypse while Kitsu is living a Slice of Life. Shout out to you Kirumi!

As for Crystal? She snapped her neck, that was it. Rachel/Lyra was frozen for several hours after bleeding out. And she still managed to bring her back, with some issue that Amy had to fix mind you. But the point still stands.

So as for Kitsu's clone, they share [Conduit]. It was described in the books that the clones get powers by way of Echidna making a replica of their Corona Gemma. Which is a door to the shard they're connected to. It's said to be similar to the budding process by which relatives share a shard. [Conduit] is just lucky that [Transcriptor] (Noelle's shard) is half dead and running on autopilot. Otherwise it might've alerted others to [Conduit]'s existence. [Queen Administrator] didn't do so and is a different story, because like [Conduit, QA is very attached to their host. And doesn't want to jeopardize their host. And again, [Conduit] would not allow any access to Negentropy. The whole point behind why Kitsu needs to absorb power is to avoid using it until a solution to Scion is found. Even though [Conduit] is… notably more advanced than most shards, they're still nothing compared to an entity.

Unrelated note, while I haven't seen Wandavision, I've read the comics and know what her powers can do when she loses touch with reality.

Nice joke on my impostor syndrome.

Mangouschase: Kitsu is a true functioning sociopath, in that she feels no empathy for others or the effects she has on them outside of how they affect her. She does have emotional attachments, she can love, but it's shallower and more possessive than what we would consider.

An Evil Kitsu, is a Psychopath. Less impulsive, less risk taking. Less empathetic, less ability to connect with others. Far, far more manipulative. A sociopath only cares for themselves and maybe a few others with a bear complete disregard for anyone or anything else. A psychopath, only cares for themselves and any feelings they have for others is surface level.

Remember, Kitsu isn't good because she wants to help people. She just likes attention, and doesn't want to overly upset the handful of people she likes.

.

The Guest who posted on Ch. 91: Kitsu doesn't mask her Sociopathy. She's just a very high functioning sociopath. She makes no attempt to hide the fact that she doesn't care about other people, aside from a few and even then has no issue upsetting them. But her Sociopathy is a result of trauma, not an inborn deficiency.

And yeah, I mentioned it before but I kept self inserting into the people I was writing. And with Missy, she's a hormonal teen going through puberty and neglected by her parents. So her mind would drift towards any form of escapism it could. In canon, she escaped into her role as Vista due to how things kept getting worse in Worm. But yeah, I steered away from writing that because it was getting creepy and it got to the point that I was forgetting the age of the individuals I was writing. Kitsu was easier, because her mutations make it so that she doesn't feel sexual attraction except for three days a year.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-West Slums, Tuesday, October 19th, 3:07am-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"I just fixed that!" I yell in frustration at the purple eyed girl. Who is naked, and has horns crowning her head like a thick, black, boney tiara.

"Hmm?" the skinny horned girl looks down to the unmoving body of Noelle, now sporting a fresh hole in her head. "Well I didn't like it." She shrugs and gives the corpse a weak kick while flicking the blood off her wrist.

"Kitsu." Vicky warns in a low voice.

"Not now, Victory Gal." The horned girl says and looks down at her naked body. "Oh! Didn't mean to put on a show."

In a few moments, globs of loose bio-matter roil under her feet and crawl up her body. Twisting and reforming into a pair of shorts, a white crop top, and a leather jacket. Well, it's all leather technically. When it's all said and done, it ends up looking like Mordred's casual wear from Apocrypha.

"Much better." She gives a spin to show off her newly adorned outfit. "Whatcha think? Devilishly cute, or adorably edgy?"

"I'm thinking morbidly dead." I tell her.

"That doesn't even-" She starts but doesn't finish as I charge forward and smash my fist through her head. Knocking it clean off her shoulders.

"There, that's done." I turn around towards Vicky. "Now we can…" I stop when I realize Vicky's looking behind me, not at me. "She's not dead, is she?"

"Nice try!" The girl says as she throws her arms around my shoulders. "See, I knew you'd do that. So I made contingencies and before you punch a hole through my chest and ruin my awesome new clothes, just know that I-"

I turn around and punch her through the chest. Just to be a butt about it. Also because… like hell am I letting her tell me what to do.

"…You, blegh, suck." She coughs up blood. "Just give me a minute."

"A minute to plan?" I accuse, causing her to shrug and grin through her bloody teeth. "Not a chance."

I enhance my body temperature, igniting myself. And, consequently, her.

"AAAAAAAAGGGHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" She goes from screaming to laughing as her flesh bubbles, strips away, and comes back. Again, and again. "Hahahaha! This is starting to tickle!"

Seeing as I'm just wasting my time. I cut the flames off and rip my hand back. Pulling her heart out at the same time, crushing the organ for no real reason other than to see if it actually does something.

Monster movie rules, really. Destroy the brain, remove the head, set it on fire. Stake through the heart. I'm just going down the list at this point.

And seeing as she just starts growing a new one. Organs, muscle, bone skin and even the clothes all start growing back into place. I can safely say that destroying her heart does nothing.

'At this point I'm going to need some silver and garlic.' I grumble to myself. 'I'm running out of movie tropes.'

"To think, you'd steal my heart after just meeting me. What would Missy say?" My clone says and clasps her hands over her chest as it finishes regenerating. Batting her eyes at me. "Not that I mind, I've got more than enough for everyone."

"Advanced biokinesis." I call out. "Far more advanced than mine, that's for sure. Automatic regeneration at the very least."

"Guilty!" She winks and sticks out her tongue.

"Kitsu, what's going on?" Vicky asks.

"Imperfect cloning, looks like Noelle's power couldn't quite get my likeness." I say and grab the clone by the neck, scanning their DNA with my powers.

See, a lot of people think I'm a fox. But in truth, it's just a random assortment of mammalian DNA, primarily canid DNA. All merged and warped with my human DNA in a way that can't be replicated unless done perfectly so. Otherwise you get something that would fall apart in weeks, if not days. And that's even assuming it's functional at all.

Hell, I got Lyra running on a similar system through very liberal means. And even then, Amy had to fix a lot of things I messed up. And even still, her genetic makeup isn't replicable.

And what I'm finding in my clone, only pisses me off. Not because it's another instance of me. But because for whatever reason, my biokinesis is giving me jack all! I simply can't read her.

"More like I'm an improvement of your flaws." She says and flips her hair. "Now then, you can't kill me and-"

I knock her head off with far more force than before. Blasting her entire upper body off. Her arms flying away as her legs fall to the slop. Her torso gone in a red mist. Not moving, and not showing any signs of regenerating a third time.

"You were saying?" I raise a brow.

"It's disturbing how easily you just murdered yourself." Vicky comments. "That doesn't like, bother you, at all?"

"Pfft, Vicks please." I wave her concerns aside. "She barely looked like me. Like, she was at most a seven, and I'm a ten on a bad day."

"So that's what delusion sounds like." I whirl around and grit my teeth in frustration as the clone's head grows back. Again. Her right eye regrowing and rolling around in its socket before locking onto me. "It's adorable~"

"How many times do I gotta teach you this lesson, old man!?" I growl and bring my fist to my open palm.

"As many times as insanity demands!" She laughs and ducks as I throw a punch. Aiming her own punch for my armpit. "NOW HUG ME, SISTAH!"

"Aaah!" I cry out in pain before bringing my elbow down on her shoulder. "Hug yourself!" I say, breaking her collar bone with a satisfying crack and making her fall into the mush of gore we're standing on.

Not giving her a chance to recover, I stomp her head in. Adding her brain to the blood pile.

"Mass is finite." I huff as her head starts to reform. "I'll just keep killing you until you run out, or give up."

"You're gonna be the Roy Mustang to my Lust?" She grins with what amount of her jaw has reformed.

"I'd say you're Envy." I glare at her and enhance my body temperature to the point of ignition. Lighting the air around me on fire, causing her to burn as well. "Because all you are, is a poor mimic."

"AAAAAAHAGAGAHHAH!" The clone laughs and gurgles on her own boiling blood. "NICE TRY! But I can shut my nerves off. And you can't burn me, faster than I come back!"

"Tch." I click my tongue and pick her up, by the neck. Shoving my hand through her gut and grabbing her spine. I rip her in half. "Hard way this is."

"Oh come on." She groans, crawling on her hands as her legs grow back at a rapid pace and she reforms her clothes. "Why can't we be friends?"

"You're an evil clone of me?" I start counting off on my fingers. "You haven't been alive for more than thirty minutes before killing someone. You're clearly unhinged and that's coming from me. And to top that all off, I don't like you."

"I'm not even evil!" She defends with crocodile tears in her eyes. "I'm not like the other clones, I swear!"

"And why should I believe that?" I challenge.

"Oh, I'm so glad you asked." She says and crouches down. Hand to the gore, she slowly stands up. Raising a pillar of biomatter as she shifts and molds the bile into the shape of a person. Slowly morphing it into a red clone of Firebreather with sharper horns, black hair, and sharper scales as well as a long, whip like tail. Thankfully molding the bile into a pair of leather pants for him.

"What, the fuck?" I hear Vicky mutter in the background.

"See?" She says, gesturing to the Temu Firebreather. "Could a knockoff do this? You can't even do this! Clearly I'm my own person, a better person than you."

"You took her Corona Gemma." I realize, recalling how she put her fist through Noelle's head. "You integrated Echidna into yourself, and became the Transcriptor."

"Be honest, in my position, wouldn't you?" She says with a smile. "I mean the voice just wouldn't stop! Kill them, kill them, protect your mother! It just wouldn't stop! Just nag nag nag!"

"That still doesn't mean you don't have the clone's hatred of the original's loved ones." I point out.

"You'll just have to trust me!" She gives me a shrug in response.

"I refuse." I tell her and pop my neck, crouching down and readying to lunge at her.

"In that case." She gives a wide grin, revealing her sharp, shark like teeth before pointing at me. "Blastzone! I choose you!"

I snap my fingers and send an illusionary buzz saw out. Slicing halfway through the knockoff's neck before it breaks against his enhanced durability. Still, he chokes on his own blood as he falls to the gore in a wet heap and bleeds out.

"Oh would you look at that. Blastzone used suicide." I click my tongue in mock disappointment. "It wasn't very effective."

"Well then, I can't hurt you, and you can't kill me." The clone starts to say.

"I can keep trying." I cut her off.

"You can keep failing." She counters.

"Guess we'll just have to settle this the old fashioned way." I say and leap towards the purple eyed menace.

"Guess so." She agrees and pops her neck.

.

.

Victoria "Glory Girl" Dallon POV

.

S Class parahumans. Something most people don't realize, is that the S stands for Superior. It's not enough to be all powerful or unbeatable in a certain regard. To be classified as S class, you need to be so overwhelming that an entire city's resources would fail to stop you. That it would be better to appease, contain, or just avoid you than try to defeat. Such beings include Nilbog, Ash Beast, or even Eagleton at one point. So the question becomes, what happens when two S Class beings clash?

"You're stupid!" The horned clone says as she bites Kitsu's arm.

"No you're stupid!" Kitsu counters and grabs the other's horns.

"Copycat!" The other girl says, wrapping her whip thin tail around Kitsu's neck and squeezing. Pulling her back and into the bloody mush.

"That's rich coming from the clone!" Kitsu says as she bites the tail off, getting up and lunging for her copy. Making them tumble through the bloody slop.

"Clone, or improvement?" The clone grins and twists around, getting on top and slapping Kitsu's ears, ripping her hearing aides out and making her cringe in pain.

"You're a downgrade!" Kitsu yells back and slaps the clone across the face. Reversing their positions as they devolve into smacking each other.

'Apparently they get into a slap fight!' I think to myself. Feeling my head burn as my blood pressure rises through the roof.

I feel like running my hands over my face. Tired and ready to be done with this as two powerhouses pull at each other's hair and call each other names.

"I don't need to hide the pads on my feet!" The clone shouts.

"At least I can wear a hat!" Kitsu… insults?

"You need it!" The other says back.

Kitsu grabs the clone by her horns and spins once before letting go. Sending her thrown clear across the street. Splattering against a brick wall in a macabre display of gore. Making me want to retch as I see a child become paste.

"I'm going to need so much therapy after this." I groan, even as I see the clone start regenerating yet again.

"Not very creative, are you?" The clone giggles as her arm twists and cracks back into place. Her sharp teeth growing back in mere moments. "I mean, I get that this is new, but still."

"Still nothing!" Kitsu yells. "Just lay down and die already before I go nuclear!"

"Ugh! What can I do to convince you that I'm not evil?" She asks, slumping forward in annoyance.

"Nothing." Kitsu growls and opens her hand into a claw, extending and sharpening her nails.

"Oh come on. Tell you what, I'll even perform some community service for Brockton!" She grins and throws her arms out wide, giving a devilish smile. "And clean up this mess for you. Free of charge."

Suddenly, the massive pile of blood, bone and bile starts to move. Slow at first, like something was traveling beneath it. Churning and shifting under us, crawling towards the clone.

"No! Stop her!" Kitsu yells and sets herself on fire. "But don't touch her!"

"We just went over this!" I shout at the fleabag as I float back. "Brute! Not Blaster!"

"Useless!" Kitsu yells as she, explodes, scorching the flesh around her and running towards the center mass of organic matter.

"Uh, it's like a scene out of Akira fucked Hellraiser." I groan and nearly puke from the smell. "And this is the aborted fetus."

Kitsu burns through patches of bio matter. And the smell, oh god the smell. It's sweet in a way that makes my guts twist. Oh god why is it sweet? Sweet like honeyed pork and sour like hot tires.

"Heyuuurgh!" I puke from the smell of it. Even as the blood and guts keep coming forth, collected from the mass the creature had dropped off.

I wipe my mouth and watch in morbid fascination. As all of the mass, everything moves and just, keeps disappearing. It's piling on itself, but the pile never grows. And considering that the creature it all came from was nearly as tall as an apartment building when last it was alive, there's a lot of gore that should be there.

I fly up to avoid the literal wave of meat as it seems to shrink. Roiling in around in chunky waves that seem to sink into the center of its conglomeration. Until it all disappears and condenses into the clone. Her skin gurgles, lumps rolling a churning beneath it before settling down. She opens her eyes and lets out a contented sigh.

"Oof!" The clone lets out a groan as she sinks a little into the ground. "Talk about going on a bulk."

"Whaaaat the fuck?" I nearly cry out of confusion and mild terror.

Kitsu then delivers a punch to the clone so powerful that it let out a massive crack and shifted the dust around the two of them. But otherwise nothing came of it.

"Uh… rude." The clone huffs and slaps Kitsu back. To no effect even as I hear the power behind it. "See, now I'm almost as dense physically, as you are mentally."

"That was just lazy." Kitsu glares.

"I got it from you!" The clone smiles.

"I can't tell whether I should take this seriously or not." I mutter to myself, completely at a loss of what to do in the situation.

"Good." Kitsu and her clone look to me and say at the same time. Then look back to each other, pause for a moment, then lunge for one another. Tumbling through the street as they get into another slap fight.

"Lose some weight, fatso!" Kitsu yells.

"That's rich coming from the pizza addict!" The clone retaliates.

I feel my stomach drop with a sense of anxiety and confusion as the two unkillable forces once again devolve into a catfight. Over nothing. Luckily, my phone decides to provide a convenient excuse and give me a distraction.

"Hello?" I answer, not bothering to check who it is.

"Victoria, what's going on?" I hear mom ask in her serious voice.

"I uh, don't know?" I say and look to the blonde tumbleweed rolling across the street.

"I got your tail!" Kitsu shouts and rips the other girl's tail off.

"So hang yourself with it!" She shouts and just… grows a new one.

"Explain." Mom says.

"Okay so, Kitsu decided to just kill the monster. Except not entirely." I try to recount the events as I land on the now bloodless street. "She just… removed the monster from its host, this Noelle girl or something. Then tried to interrogate her but then a purple eyed Kitsu showed up and killed her and now they're fighting but not really?"

"… Are you saying that Kitsu got cloned?" I hear Miss Militia ask after a moment of silence.

'Oh great, I'm patched into the group's comms system.

"Wait, there are two Kitsus?" I hear Little V ask.

"Nice priorities there, I see you." Dennis comments. "Ow! Aye, easy with the ribs! I just got those fixed."

"She should've fixed your mouth." Little V says.

"Vista, Clockblocker!" Armsmaster shouts. "Might I remind you, this is an open call and everyone can hear you."

"Miss Militia, Armsmaster is yelling at me!" Dennis shouts.

"Everyone shut up!" Miss Militia snaps. "… Glory Girl, I assume Kitsu is handling the problem?"

"Um…" I pause and look to the two fighting Case 53s. Who have now resorted to pulling at each other's hair. "I… I'm not sure how to answer that."

"I'm on my way." I hear… Tony's voice, I think. I haven't heard him in a while.

"Keep us updated." Miss Militia says.

"Okay, sure." I say and hang up.

I look down at the fight currently going on between two of perhaps the most bullshit people ever. Crossing my arms over my chest, I let out a shaky breath I hadn't realized I was holding in. Still not knowing what the fuck I'm supposed to do.

I never liked feeling powerless. Yet here I am, watching as two barely teens duke it out on the street. Throwing punches hard enough to crack the pavement and crater parts of the street. And I'm scared.

Because I know that for as ridiculous as their fight seems. if I even try to intervene or help Kitsu, I'll die.

"Glory Girl!" I look up to the sound of jet propellers as the red and gold armored tinker descends. His helm's eye slits glowing through the dark and making it nearly impossible to see his head in the contrast. "What's the situation so far?"

"I, I don't fucking know?" I uncross my arms and pinch the bridge of my nose in distress. "I don't, where do I even start?"

"How about starting with what they're doing." He hovers next to me and nods his head towards the two girls slapping each other and rolling on the ground.

"Kitsu and her clone are fighting." I answer him and gesture down to the situation that's unfolded.

"I got that, I was referring to why Kitsu hasn't dispatched the clone yet." He clarifies.

"Because she can't?" I shrug, holding in a nervous laugh. "And it's not for a lack of trying, I can tell you that much! She probably knocked her head off seven times by now, she just keeps growing it back."

"So… if I'm not mistaken." Tony starts. "Kitsu is invulnerable. And this… copy… just keeps regrowing."

"Yep." I nod my head.

We both stare down at the two as the clone breaks a lamppost over Kitsu's head. Who grabs the lamppost in turn and smacks it into

"… I feel like I'm watching the most high stakes Hannah-Barbera fight." Iron Man says.

'Hannah what?' I think about asking, but decide it's not worth letting myself get distracted.

"Can't even help because unlike them, we're not two different types of unkillable." I vent.

I still recall my first fight with her. I was genuinely trying to hurt her. I'm not exactly proud of it, but I knew she had a record of assault and burglary. And I saw her as a threat. You don't hear about Behemoth retreating from one cape who isn't Scion without looking into it after all. And everything I found, painted a bad first impression.

'Because I am what you pretend to be.' I recall her words to me.

Right before she grabbed my ankle and used me to turn the asphalt to gravel. She didn't kill me, because she was playing. I never forgot that.

"Right… in that case." Tony says ominously. "Better safe than sorry.

I see him move in the corner of my eye. Looking over to investigate, I have to squint as the palms of his armor glow bright with a bright blue light. Nearly blinding me as they charge up.

"What are you-" I start to ask.

Bwoom!

"Jesus!" I back away on instinct at the bright light and loud noise of his armor firing.

"Aaah!" The clone screeches as she's hit directly with the pulse of energy.

"Son of a paint huffer!" Kitsu shouts as she's launched back with as well, caught in the same attack as her imitation.

Both of them roll away into a nearby building. Slamming into the wall and crashing through it. Leaving a large hole in the brickwork.

"Dude!" I turn on the red and gold douche bag.

"What? I know for a fact the kid can take it." He shrugs at me before turning back to face the hole the two disappeared into. "And if the clone couldn't? All the more better for us."

"It still hurt!" I can't even tell which one said that.

"Well, here's hoping-" I start to say before one of the two blondes is launched from the hole in the wall. "-nevermind."

Kitsu charges out of the building at her clone. Ready to gore her again, before Tony stops them.

"Alright, knock it off!" Tony says and blasts the ground between them with a hail of plasma blasts.

"Stay out of this, tinman!" The clone shouts.

"Yeah! This is for those with the appropriate DNA only!" Kitsu shouts.

"Wow!" The clone scoffs and rolls her eyes. "With lines like that, it's no wonder the Empire wanted you."

"At least I'm wanted!" Kitsu shouts back.

"In seventeen states and Canada!" The clone shoots back. "How can I be the evil clone if you're the one with a rap sheet longer than your arm!"

"Hey!" Kitsu points a finger at the horned girl. "We don't talk about Canada."

"Excuse me!" Tony shouts, earning their attention again. "If you're as good as you say you are, then you won't mind sitting still while we figure this out." Tony says and crosses his arms. "So be a good girl and just wait."

"You don't get to tell me what to do!" They both yell at him.

"Which one were you talking to?" I ask.

"I was referring to-" He starts to say before the two start digging into the street and throwing rocks at each other. "… does it even matter?"

"… I guess not." I relent as the two girls just… insult each other. Nonstop. Some of it getting… rather personal and giving me details I did not need to know.

"Says the girl who has to worry about fleas!" The clone shouts. "And fur on her butt!"

"I don't want to hear the from a newborn, who probably can't wear a shirt without tearing the neckline!" Kitsu shouts back. "Now leave my tail out of this!"

God, am I glad my evil twin didn't last.

"Can you two put a hold to the fighting until we figure this out?" Tony asks as he flies right above them.

"What are you doing?" I ask, getting a little closer.

"Trying to find a way this ends with us all singing kumbaya and roasting marshmallows around a campfire." He says sarcastically. "Anything that doesn't result in a section of the city being destroyed."

Okay, that's fair. Still, I don't see how he'll manage that. Mom and dad barely got Kitsu out of bed to be here and fight. Now he wants two og her to stop?

"… She started it!" The clone points to Kitsu.

"She murdered Noelle!" Kitsu points to the clone.

"Like you weren't thinking about it." The clone defends herself.

"I wasn't going to!" Kitsu says, notices none of us particularly believe her, then quietly adds. "… Obviously."

"Okay, stop it!" Tony says and stands between the two. "I'm putting a moratorium on this episode of gossip girls until we get some things sorted. So calm down and step aside. Both of you."

'You are a braver idiot than me.' I regard Tony as I start coming up with ways to explain his upcoming death.

"You're talking pretty big for someone wearing a codpiece." Kitsu says.

"Hey, tinman, does the suit have a butt flap for when you poo?" The clone asks. "Or do you just sit in the stinky until you get home."

"Stay where you are if you want your armor to be the world's most expensive colostomy bag." Kitsu says while cracking her knuckles.

Tony takes a moment to look between the two. And promptly takes a step back.

"Smart man!" The clone says and steps towards Kitsu.

"Come at me child, receive your beating!" Kitsu throws her arms up. "I'mma hand it down biblical style!"

"Great, Shakespeare in the street." Tony sighs.

"It's a Charles Dicken's parody you pleb." The clone stops to ridicule Tony.

"I can't do this." I massage my temples and shout. "Both of you, please stop and just let me think!"

"…"

"…"

'Holy shit, did that actually work?' I think as I open my eyes to both girls staring blankly at me.

"… Okay, but she started it this time." Kitsu points to her clone.

"Stupid say what?" The clone says.

"Your mom!" Kitsu shouts back.

"Oh my god!" I snap.

Just as I say that, someone starts speaking through the comms. "Iron Man to anyone with a degree in absurdity and human rights. Can we get an opinion over here?"

"… Um…" Someone says.

"I have experience in civil law and I've been dealing with an adopted genius level headache who can shapeshift and all but warp reality." Mom answers.

"I… have experience handling said shapeshifter." Dad adds. "Why, what happened?"

"Perfect, come get your twin daughters." He says and turns to me. "Do you have this?"

"No?" I scoff.

.

.

"You're a clone!" Kitsu shouts. "You're barely a person and shouldn't be counted as such."

"Says the one who can't keep her girlfriend from questioning her relationship with you on a near weekly basis!" The clone snaps at Kitsu, whose face starts turning beet red.

"Oh shit." I hiss and back up a little.

Somehow, we got the two to agree to… I won't say be civil. But they haven't tried to physically kill each other in the last five minutes. So that's something. Though I have a feeling that hoping for anymore time is too much to ask.

"Says the pale, flat butt, maidenless imitation of me!" Kitsu fires back and stomps her foot. To… no actual effect. I think she just did it out of anger.

"Our proportions are the same!" The clone shoots back. "Unless my eyes are somehow better. Lord knows your depth perception is crap!"

"This feels less like a fight between someone and their evil clone." Tony starts to say.

"And more like two sisters bickering?" I finish for him.

"… Yeah." He agrees and start to look around. "… Damnit, I'm the only adult here. Where are your parents, can't they fly?"

"What, no." I turn to him with a confused look. "Why would you think that?"

"Because, New Wave." He points out. "Kinda known for having fliers."

"Yeah, except my parents aren't." I answer him and look back to the bickering… I don't want to call them twins.

But as they yell at each other, mirroring each other's insults. It's getting harder not to see them that way.

"It's been almost five minutes, how hard is it to-" We stop as the two bickering blondes stop their verbal assaults on each other and look to the side of the street.

Following their gazes, we spot the headlights of a PRT cruiser racing down the road. Before being able to hear it as it nears and turns, drifting into a perfect stop twenty feet from the two S class. The back doors opening to reveal Mom and Dad while Miss Militia steps out of the front passenger.

"Oh thank god." Tony sighs.

.

.

-Few minutes prior-

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

"So now we have two Endstoppers on our hands?" Overdrive asks as he gives us a ride. "Or is it one Endstopper, and an Endbringer? She counts as one, right? Only real difference is that Kitsu hasn't decided to level any cities."

I choose… not to mention Eagleton.

"It's worse than that. From what we know, the clones mostly contain a sort of repurposed version of their original's power set." Miss Militia says. "With their abilities being heavily focused on combat. Firebreather's clone was more durable and had a stronger breath weapon. But lacked his maneuverability or speed in flight. Crystal's clone had beams of actual heat and could move her shields around freely, as well as make several at a time. Even A-Train had a clone with more offensive abilities. Though, that one didn't really accomplish anything."

"A-Train?" I speak up, the name pulling on an almost forgotten memory. "He's around? Isn't he the one who can run about as fast as Kitsu?"

"He is. He's about as durable too. So long as he stays moving." Carol says. "Might not be a bad idea to call on him actually. And speaking of Firebreather, what's going on with Crystal?"

"Crystal is MIA, as is A-Train." Miss Militia tells us. "The only one who might know where Crystal is would be Firebreather."

"And he's passed out in the med tents." Carol grumbles, leaning an elbow on the inside of the car door and pinching the bridge of her nose.

The moment Vicky had set him down at the evac site, he lasted maybe two steps before collapsing. Apparently, he had been fighting from the start of this as one of the first capes on the scene. And had been put through a lot.

And this is the same kid I've seen take a twelve gauge to the chest. And then have the strength to say it stung.

"We'll just have to wait for him to wake up." I sigh and look to Carol. "So… what do you think we're up against?"

"I'm thinking a bloodbath." She says. "Hard to imagine a more combat focused version of Kitsu. But I'd say it's either a full dynakinetic, or another Nilbog."

"My money's on the clone being a reality shaker, like labyrinth." The driver, a new cape tinker by the name Overdrive. Forgot to mention that about him. "Either way, no matter what it is, I say it's weird that we haven't noticed anything."

"What do you mean?" I ask.

"Tell me, that kid of yours." He looks at me through the reflection of the rearview mirror. "She leveled Eagleton and the machine army in a matter of hours. She helped orchestrate the destruction of the Slaughterhouse Nine down to the Slaughterhouse One. And she bitch slapped Behemoth into a retreat." He lists off. "That about right?"

"… Your point?" Carol asks.

"What would happen if she up decided one day, that Brockton had to go?" He suggests.

"She wouldn't-" I start to defend.

"He's talking about the clone, Mark." Carol cuts me off. "It's the fact that there's an evil clone of Kitsu and the city isn't in high alert over it, is what he's saying."

"Oh… that is… hmm." I stop and think. And can't help but wonder why that is as well.

It's no secret that Kitsu has her… issues. We're working hard with her. But even I can't deny that her power enables a lot of her behavior.

"Exactly, makes me wonder what the hell is going on." The driver says.

"Well, we're about to find out." Miss Militia says as we turn a sharp right toward the street where the monster was last scene before Kitsu got impatient and decided to kill it.

Leaning over to peer between the front seats. The first thing I notice is the soft glowing lights of Tony Stark's armor. And Vicky floating next to him as they both turn their heads towards us.

"Well that's one problem solved." Overdrive says as he keeps driving.

"Um, you can slow down now." Carol says, noticing the speed at which we're still going at.

He doesn't. If anything he keeps accelerating.

"So, I hope you realize that if you plan on running them over, there's a fifty-fifty chance that you'll wreck your car." I tell him. "And uh, us too."

"Backseat drivers, I swear." He grumbles and flips a few switches.

Something shifts in the car with a loud thunk, and I can feel the car's weight shift. Causing us to drift to the side as we approach the intersection. The wheels locking with a loud screech as we come to a full stop, not twenty feet from where Vicky and Tony are.

"I know my car." Overdrive says as the doors unlock. "Now get out."

"Be nice." Miss Militia says as she opens her door.

"Nice ain't in my contract." He says and pulls out a metal flask from his jacket.

"Being sober on the job is." She says and swipes the flask from him as Carol and I step out of the car.

Disregarding what's going on with MM and OD. I prepare myself for whatever danger Kitsu's clone has in store for us.

And then I spot them. Looking right at us, two pairs of snakelike eyes glowing in the dark. One teal set belonging to a four foot seven fox, the other being a purple set belonging to a four foot seven imp.

"I expected…" I start to say, but struggle to find the words.

"Mark, what is it?" Carol asks as she walks around the car, freezing beside me as she spots the two.

"Mom!/Dad!" I can't tell who said what as they run over towards the us. Kitsu stopping in front of me with a gust of wind, and the clone skidding to stop in front of Carol in a heavy footed sprint that kicks gravel up in her wake.

"You need to leave, this clone is almost as unkillable as me and-" Kitsu starts.

"I didn't do anything wrong, I swear! She's just upset that-" The horned girl speaks over her.

"And now she's trying to manipulate everyone into thinking-" My attention is pulled back to Kitsu.

"Why don't I get a fair shot? She's literally killed for less, all I did was grant myself freedom from-" I can't tell who's saying what due to how they keep raising their voices to speak over one another and how similar their voices are.

"Stop talking!" Kitsu stomps her foot and turns to the clone. Her tail standing up and frizzing out.

"Make me, fur for brains!" The clone mirrors her, with her whiplike tail lashing wildly behind her in agitation.

"Gladly!" Kitsu shouts and tackles the clone.

"…" I look to Carol.

"…" She looks to me.

"… So, this is…" I start to say, and give up as my words fail me yet again. Choosing to just keep my eyes of the two Case 53s as they tumble away.

"… Fuck." Carol groans and massages her temples.

.

.

"Mark, no." Carol tells me. "We can't just adopt every wayward child because you have a bleeding heart."

"I'm not saying we need to adopt her. But, well we can't just leave her be." I tell her. "Recall Caroline?"

We've been in this debate for the last several minutes. Tony already left, and now we're just left wondering what to do about the situation. Not to mention what we even can do.

"Who's Caroline?" Vicky asks us.

"A cape from the past." Carol answers her. "One of The Marquis's agents. They could turn into anyone they touched and assume their identity. Copying everything except their powers, if they had any."

"But they lost their sense of self to whoever they where imitating if they kept it up for too long." I further elaborate.

No need to get into any uh… details of that mix up. We were sixteen, it was a long time ago. Just thought it would be good as an example.

"And this is different." Carol looks back to me. "This isn't some crazed cape with an identity crisis. This is a clone. Not even a real person."

"She seems to be plenty real, Carol." I point out. "She's self aware and conscious of the fact that she's not Kitsu and everything."

"Mark, she's homicidal." Carol points out.

"So is Kitsu!" I gesture to said fox girl currently using her clone's horns as handles to bash her face into the ground. "If anything, she's less so. Because she's only killed one person."

"And Kitsu has only killed during times of extreme emotional distress." Carol defends, causing me to give her a look.

"Carol, honey. I love you." I start off. "But I'm not on a jury, and I'm not and insurance adjuster. You don' have to wax the poetics."

"Look at what you're doing!" Kitsu shouts as she twists the clone's neck with a wet crunch. "You're tearing them apart!"

"I never asked to be born!" The clone shouts, not at all bothered by the fact Kitsu is forcing her into doing an owl impression.

"Then let me fix that!" Kitsu demands and ignites herself, as they roll around.

"Nyo!" She shouts back through the flames and scent of burning flesh.

"She's done that three times now." Vicky sighs.

Me and Carol share a look as we hear that.

"We're not going to get anything done while they keep fighting." I point out.

"And the PRT will find a way to hold us liable for any damages at this point." Carol sighs as she looks to the two girls. Then looks to me. "She listens to you."

I sigh and turn to the tumbling ball of fire.

"Kitsu! Stop! If you stop we'll go het some pizza later!" I yell out. To absolutely no response. Turning to Carol, I can only offer a weak shrug. "You're the disciplinarian."

Carol takes a deep and faces the two.

"STOP IT!" Carol yells in her mom voice. Making both girls to freeze in their catfight, even making Vicky flinch. Kitsu's flames extinguishing a moment later.

Eyes wide like dear caught in headlights. Kitsu on bottom with her hands on the clone's face and shoulder. The clone's hands on Kitsu's ear and neck.

"She started it!" The two let go and point at each other.

"I don't care who started it." Carol says with a glare I can feel even though it's not directed at me. "I'm ending it. Now."

I… honestly didn't expect that to work. Not on both of them at least.

"…" Both girls stay quiet as they start shuffling awkwardly to their feet and separate from each other. Alternating between grumbling to themselves and glaring at each other.

"And knock that off." Carol points a finger at them. "If I hear so much as a mumble, then I don't care who's who. You both will learn some discipline."

The clone crosses her arms and huffs but otherwise stays silent. And the moment we turn to continue our discussion. One of them starts blowing raspberries at the other. Turning to them fast enough to make me dizzy, we catch Kitsu being the one with her tongue out directed at the other.

"KITSU!" Carol snaps. "Stop, escalating!"

"Haha!" The clone points and laughs. "You got in trouble!"

"That's it." Carol huffs and starts marching over to the pair.

"What, no, she-"

"I didn't even, she was, this isn't fair-"

Carol then grabs them both by the ear and drags them over.

"This is absurd." Vicky grumbles as Carol manhandles two immortal little girls.

"Ow, ow! Abuse!" Kitsu cries out and swipes at the clone. "This is all your fault! I did nothing wrong!"

"This is kidnapping! I never consented to your authority!" The clone shouts. "Help! This is abuse of a minor! I'm technically a newborn!"

Carol drags them past us, to the PRT cruiser and makes them sit down. Kitsu at the front wheel closest to where me and Vicky stand a few yards away, the clone sat down at the back.

"If I have to so much as look this way, you." She points to Kitsu. "I will make you delete every game account on your PC, Steam account included, and you." She points to the clone. "I may not have an obligation to parent you like I do with this one, but trust me when I say I will find something to fix your attitude."

"Yes mommy~" The clone grins at Carol. Then abruptly stops and covers her head protectively. "I'm sorry it's a coping mechanism don't hurt me!"

Carol starts to walk back towards me. But the purple eyed girl raises her hand.

"Wait!" The clone calls out.

"What?" Carol asks, turning to face her.

"I have to pee." The clone says.

"Hold it." Carol says and turns to me.

"But-"

"Then piss in your pants." Carol shouts back.

"I'll see if I can't get anyone more suited for this." Miss Militia says as she starts to leave us to talk. "Like a psychologist, or… I don't know."

"I still think you're being unfair." I tell her.

"Mark, we have on our hands two capricious little girls with super powers." She points out. "One of them has murdered, destroyed countless amounts of public and private property, is a borderline sociopath that has little to no regard for human life. And the other is a clone meant to be a worse version of her."

"I can hear you!" Kitsu calls out.

"Pretend you can't!" Carol calls back.

"Okay, one, you're being harsh and unfair."

"Mark when we met Kitsu, she broke into our house out of boredom." She points out.

"Yeah but-"

"That's not even mentioning the times she's threatened people."

"Threats are-"

"Stormfront."

"… Okay but her clone hasn't done anything." I point out.

"Mark, no." She says sternly. "I'm putting my foot down, the answer is no. She's not going home with us."

"Well… what about Mike?" I offer as a last ditch effort. "We can maybe, ask him? Maybe convince him to take her?"

"Mark, with all due respect, are you high?" Carol asks me, putting her hands on her hips and leaning forwards. "Because I swear you're not normally this stupid."

"Just think about it, he wants Kitsu because she's related to Jess and technically himself." I point out. "If anything, it's worth a shot… wait, this stupid?"

"Forgive me if I don't exactly trust the man who deserted his family and only came back to sue for custody of a girl he didn't know existed for more than a month." Carol states her point.

"Well we can't do nothing, and we can't leave her." I point out.

"Leave her for the PRT to handle." Carol says. "She's compliant enough."

"She's compliant with you." I bring up.

"And?" She crosses her arms over her chest defensively. "If she'll listen to what I say, what's to say she won't listen to another source of authority?"

"Have you considered that maybe she's compliant to your demands because she's a clone of Kitsu?" I point out, causing Carol to stop in silent realization. "… Well?"

"I… suppose that's a possibility." Carol mutters under her breath before continuing. "But no, I refuse to take in anymore wayward kids. Clone, case 53, homeless. The answer is no. We have our hands full as it is."

"I still think you're being unfair." I tell her. "Kitsu isn't that bad."

"You don't have to deal with the legal repercussions of her actions." Carol spits back, jutting a finger out and poking me in the chest.

"That's… how bad could it be?" I ask.

"I have to fill out a form every time she so much as breaks a window." Carol hisses. "That's not even including the numerous traffic complaints I get directed to me from her running through the streets. Moral and ethical issues aside, I am not dealing with a third source of paperwork outside of work."

"Third?" I ask before remembering. "Right, taxes. But still, do you want her let loose?"

"It, can go with the PRT." Carol protests. "

"This feels like an entirely different conversation." Vicky says.

"And it's not yours." Carol turns to her.

"Vicky just… make sure those two don't start anything." I gesture to the pair in timeout.

"… Um…" Vicky mutters as she looks over behind us. "You're not going to like this."

Me and Carol turn to the two… and find them missing. Along with Miss Militia.

Rrrrrrrrrrr

And that would be the sound of the car's engine. And now the car is leaving. Skirting around and driving away with-

Oh there's Kitsu! She's hanging off the spoiler…

"What the fuck!?" Carol shouts.

"This isn't my faaauuullllt!" Kitsu's voice disappears into the distance.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

…

…

I sit up, suddenly feeling the harshest rush of energy in my life. Abrupt awareness and a need to move mixed with an adrenaline rush I usually get when someone hits me. Stronger than the one time I took coke with Diane.

… I'm not friends with Diane anymore.

I look left, and look right.

"… Why… am I on a roof?" I look down. "What am I doing in my cape uniform? Why is it covered in blood!?"

I look around at the city and notice a section blacked out and partially leveled. Then I notice a faint itching on my wrist and pull up my sleeve to see a tattoo of a winking fox.

"… What the fuck happened!?"

.

.

Bonus 2

By popular demand, Future Missy x Kitsu

Or it would be if I could have thought of anything.

Instead, FUTURE FAMILY FEUD

.

.

Atlanta, Georgia, 2024

.

.

"Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for your host, Steve Harvey!"

The media mogul himself, Steve Harvey walks out on stage with a smile and a set of prompt cards in hand. He makes it to the center stage as the crowd cheers.

"Alright, alright." He says as the audience simmers down. "Folks, a few years back I hosted a show that featured a super family verses a celebrity family. And at the time I jokingly said, what if… we got two cape family's, to go against each other?… Now ladies and gentlemen, I don't know if I'm cursed or blessed. Seeing as Beyonce has yet to reply to my texts, I'mma say it's the former." The crowd laughs as he deadpans them. "Tonight! We have a panel of capes from the coasts! On the left, from the rainy city of heroes, Seattle, Washington! We got The Incredibles!"

The stage left lights up in red and shining gold LEDs as the five heroes wave, the men dressed in red suits with yellow ties. And the women in red dresses.

The crowd simmers down and Steve gestures to the right. "And on the right, from the headquarter city of the PRT, Brockton Bay, Massachusetts. We got The Dallons!"

The right stage lights up blue with shining white LEDs. The Dallons all dressed in white suits or dresses with blue accents.

"Let's meet our contestants." Steve says and walks to the right. Right up to the brown haired man in a white suit with a blue tie.

"Right then, Mark, can I call you Mark?" Steve asks as he leans on the podium towards the man.

"So long as you don't call me late for dinner, Steve!" Mark answers with a practiced smile.

"He, hehe, you uh, you rehearse that one?" Steve chuckles.

"Not as much as I should have." Mark admits.

"Right, well then, why don't you give me a run down of who's playing today? 'Cause, unless I'm getting that old, there are a few different faces here than there was last time." Steve asks.

"Right, well, there's my beautiful eldest, Victoria!" Mark gestures to the blonde in a white dress who smiles and waves to the crowd. "And my wife, Carol, Brandish, she couldn't make it because of work. So standing in for her, we have my youngest daughter's wife, Missy, otherwise known as Vista!" He gestures to the blonde with green eyes in a white dress similar to Vicky's. "My adorable youngest, Kitsu!" He gestures to the shortest, standing at neck height with Missy. The strawberry blonde fox eared girl with a large fluffy tail coming from her rear. Dressed in a white yukata as opposed to a regular dress. Waving at the crowd and winking. "And Amy was busy so we got my nephew, Eric!" He gets to the final contestant, hair dyed blue, dressed in a white suit and blue tie. He shoots finger guns at the crowd.

"Well folks, let's meet the line up." Steve then walks over to the next in line, the eldest Dallon daughter, Vicky.

"Vicky, you've been here before, you know the deal." He starts off. "But since then, you've had a bit of a whirlwind career. Actress, model, singer that one time." He bobs his head as he mentally searches her titles. "Now there's word that you've up and joined the police academy, what's that about?"

"Well, Steve. I just, my true calling is protecting the people, what can I say?" "New Wave is nonprofit, and I need money. And the whole entertainment career path was taking up too much of my schedule."

"They've got the PRT for that, don't. It ain't a conflict of interest thing, I know that. She's here." He points to Missy. "So there's gotta be more to it."

"I wanted to be more on the ground level, Steve." Vicky shrugs. "It just appeals to me, that's it."

"On the ground level, says the flier." Steve jokes to the crowd. "If I could fly, oh I'd be so fat. You ain't never see me walk again." He lifts his arm in an airplane pose. "I just raise my arms and woom. Heh heh. Oh my feet would never see another day of use, ground level I would not." He looks back to Vicky. "You really ain't escaping the Barbie nicknames with you addin careers like that. Next we know you gonna be a doctor, then a horse trainer. Soon an astronaut."

The crowd laughs as Vicky shrugs. Not really denying the allegations as he moves on.

"So, Missy Dallon. Actually, I gotta ask. Is it Vista, or Missy? Always got me a bit confused on the whole, open identity thing with capes and New Wave and the hero thing. Maybe as a… a government cape, who now goes out in the open, you can weigh in on this." He asks the woman.

"Well, Steve, it's sort of like in the military and you refer to your officers by their rank. Vista is more of a title than a name."

"Like Mr. President?" He asks and gives a salute. "Madam Vista! We have news from the inner city! Crackhead Joe is at it again!"

The crowd laughs as Missy nervously chuckles.

"Let's, let's not go that far, Steve." She dissuades him.

"Says the woman who's power, is going far." Steve jokes to the audience before looking back to her. "So Vista is your work name, that about it."

"Pretty much." She nods.

"So which one are we today? Vista the professional, or Missy the casual?" Steve asks.

"Pah!" Kitsu barks out a laugh.

"Ignore her, Steve." Missy rolls her eyes. "And it doesn't really matter. You can call me Missy."

"Alright, Missy." Steve nods. "But uh, unfortunately, she's my next stop."

"I wish you luck, Steve." She chuckles.

"Ooh boy I need it." He gives the crowd a look as he walks to the next podium and looks down at the blonde girl.

"… You a lot taller than I remember." He says.

"She's standing on a stool, Steve." Vicky speaks up, causing Kitsu to shoot her a dirty look.

"You standin on a step stool?" "Where'd you get a step stool?" Steve asks. "We don't even have chairs up here, much less stools."

"Don't worry about it." Kitsu brushes past the issue. "Nice to see you too, Steve."

"I'm sorry, but I can't let this go." Steve says. "What'chu thinking, you just carry the stool over when it's your turn? You know how ridiculous you gonna look?"

Kitsu rolls her eyes and steps back. Now standing barely past her wife's shoulders at four foot, ten inches.

Steve takes a moment and slowly turns to the crowd. Stunned expression on his face.

"I think… I think I finally get it now." He says, causing the crowd to laugh. "This is how Shaq sees the world."

"I'mma make a scene, Steve!" Kitsu warns.

"She will not." Missy says.

"Alright, let's keep this civil folks, this is Steve Harvey's show, not Steve Wilkos'!" He laughs with the crowd and shakes his head. "I been waitin to use that one… so, what's new for the New Wave poster child since you last been on the show?"

"Well, not the poster child anymore. I got married." Kitsu holds up her left hand to show off her emerald studded gold and platinum wedding ring to the cheer of the audience. "Went on a world tour honeymoon, got banned from ever going back to South Africa. Got some voice acting roles and starred on America's Got Talent. That got me involved in a few legal disputes, and now here I am!"

"Yeah, I saw some of the stuff on the news. You got grandfathered into a lot of stuffs that's illegal now." The crowd laughs, unprompted. Making Steve turn to them. "You all think it's a joke! My lawyer called me up, crying over all the laws, regarding the use of powers, in entertainment! I-I ain't even got powers!" He then turns back to Kitsu. "You just out here, settin precedence!"

"That's right, Steve!" Kitsu laughs. "And don't say you don't have powers, that moustache is something else!"

Steve laughs with the crowd at that before eventually adding. "You know, you're the reason I'm a bit nervous to do this episode."

"It's always stressful meeting your heroes." Kitsu smiles smugly at the crowd.

"H-ha!" Steve barks out a laugh. "Last time you were here, you stole my tie."

"Well I wanted your mustache, but my lawyer informed me that it'd be a bad move for my image." Kitsu tells him.

"I'm movin on from you." Steve shakes his head and moves to Eric.

"So, we got the beautiful, the adorable, and then we just got you, the nephew." Steve says and leans on the podium. "No… nothing. Just last in line. Why you think that is?"

"Nepotism." He shrugs.

"See the funny part about that is the word Nepotism, comes from the latin word for Nephew." Steve points out.

"I never said this family made sense, Steve." Eric sighs and shrugs.

"They never do." Steve says, deadly serious. "But regardless, it's nice to see another TV star on the show."

"TV star?" He laughs. "Steve, I stream video games on Twitch and post on YouTube."

"And? You think I don't keep up with the times? YouTube is the new TV!" He scoffs. "Heck, this about to be on YouTube. Not the episode, this clip! Just this here. And it gonna get more views than this episode'll get on the air!"

The crowd laughs as prompted.

"That's right! I know what's in! I'm hip!" Steve thrusts his hip to the side. Once the crowd dies back down, Steve looks back to Eric and sighs. "Well, nice meetin ya Eric. Don't steal my tie, and we'll get along just fine."

"I've got my own, Steve, don't worry!" Eric smiles.

"Let's take it over to the Incredibles." Steve waves a hand over as the crowd claps.

"So, Mr. Incredible. Kinda of a, lofty name." Steve says as he looks up to the hulking man.

"Well, Steve. I was young and full of myself." Mr. Incredible shrugs. "By the time I wanted to change it, the name had already stuck."

"Ooh that's gotta suck. Imagine that." Steve hisses and cringes. "Imagine that, your first username is now permanent." He then looks out to the crowd. "Fear not, it's me! The Majestic Mane!"

The crowd laughs as Steve runs a hand dramatically over his bald head.

"That happens all too often, Steve." Mr. Incredible laughs. "Oh, you don't even know."

"Oh I bet." Steve chuffs. "Now uh, why don't you introduce me to the family here?"

"Well, Steve, there's my lovely wife, Mrs. Incredible." The woman gives the audience a smile and a wave. "My eldest daughter, the incredible Invisiline." The black haired girl gives a smaller, shy wave. "My eldest son, the dashing FastTrack." The blonde man gives the crowd a wink. "And finally my youngest, The Jack." The blond teen leans on his podium and gives the crowd a confident chin up.

"Right, now you know their names. Let's see what they have to say." He tells the crowd and moves to Mrs. Incredible.

"Mrs. Incredible, lovely to meet you."

"Lovely to meet you too, Steve."

"You were right, she is lovely." He says to Mr. Incredible, then turns to the crowd. "We havin a lovely time folks." He looks back to Mrs. Incredible. "Y'know, I really had to ask myself when I got the email from the producers. What were the odds. I mean, how many cape families are there? Seven? Twelve if we outsource?"

"Well, here we are, Steve!" She smiles. "Hope it was everything you were hoping for!"

"Yes you are." He laughs and steps away from the podium, much to the audience's amusement. "H-heh heh! I'mma, I'mma shut my mouth before I get myself in trouble." He says and steps back to Mrs. Incredible.

"Now before I move on. Let me ask you something Mrs. Incredible." He says and gestures to his face. "The masks, the little party masks. Do they actually help?"

"More than you'd think, Steve." She nods.

"Really?" He says in disbelief. "You ain't never had nobody recognize you outside of costume?"

"Not that I can recall, Steve." She purses her lips and shakes her head.

"Well uh, in that case, here I uh, I got something." He says and reaches into his pocket. "Tada!" He pulls out a small domino mask and puts it on.

"Steve! Where'd you go!" Mr. Incredible shouts.

"I kidnapped him!" Steve tells him then looks to the crowd. "He dead! Eaten by sharks! In a volcano! Lava sharks!"

The crowd laughs as Steve stares out at them. Expression unchanging while their laughter dies down.

"You know Steve, not the weirdest thing I've dealt with." Mrs. Incredible says, earning the host's undivided attention.

"I'm sorry, huwhat?" He balks. "Not the… not the weirdest thing… Say what now?"

"Fought a robot in a magma cavern somewhere in the pacific." Mr. Incredible raises his hand. "Twice, actually."

"Nearly fell in one in Hawaii!" Kitsu shouts. "And I actually did fall in one in Aotearoa!"

"It comes with the job." Mrs. Incredible shrugs.

"Comes with the job?" Steve scoffs. Looking out to the crowd in disbelief and horror. "Ah yes, volcanoes, a standard… occupational hazard… I hate it when I show up to work and there's just a volcano there. Ruins my day."

"I'm movin on." He shakes his head and goes to Invisiline. "Invisiline… from what I understand, you used to have a different name."

"Please no, don't bring it up." Invisiline groans into her hands.

"Alright, I get it. Some of us prefer to stay out of the spotlight, I see you! Heh heh heh!" Steve laughs.

"Very funny, Steve." She claps and rolls her eyes.

"Well forgive me if I couldn't help the obvious joke." He raises his hands in mock surrender. "But seriously, you do more covert stuffs than the rest of the folks here. What's that like?"

"Well, Steve." She crosses her arms and thinks for a moment. "I'd tell you but then I'd have to make you disappear."

"How 'bout this, tell me next time I have an alimony adjustment." He says seriously.

"You know what, sure." She nods.

"Good deal." He nods and moves on to her younger brother.

"FastTrack, you say you's the fastest man in the west." Steve says.

"That's right, Steve!" FastTrack nods with a wide grin. "Nobody outrunning me!"

"Yeah, y'know, I was shocked to hear that Mr. And Mrs. Incredible's kid, had such an inventive name." Steve tells him. "I, I'd have thought you'd go with something like, Incrediboy!"

"Funny story-"

"Oh no." Steve wilts, making the crowd laugh.

"I-ha-I almost did!" FastTrack laughs nervously.

"What stopped you? Was it a sense of reason?" Steve asks. "You realized you might one day be a man?"

"Um, no. The name was already taken." FastTrack blushes a bit.

"My god you people need agents." Steve shakes his head. "Proper agents, not the secret kind."

Steve wishes the boy luck and moves on to the last contestant of the day.

"And now, no title needed." Steve says as he stands before the blonde teen boy. "The Jack. Explain that to me."

"Well, it's a sort of play on Jack of all trades." He explains. "I'm a Trump, as most know. My powers sort of come and go as I need, making me a good fit for any job. But never really the best fit."

"Mhmm." Steve nods. "And lemme guess, you were young as well."

"I think it's a great name." The Jack furrows his brow.

"I tried to talk him out of it, Steve." Mr. Incredible says.

"I bet you did!" The host nods to the six foot, eight inch hulk of a man. You is your father's son." Steve nods and starts to walk away. "Get me Flashbang, get me Mr. Incredible! And let's start this family feud!"

.

.

The six foot, eight inch tall blonde body builder, Mr. Incredible, stands across from his opponent. The five foot eleven, brown haired Flashbang. As their host, Steve Harvey holds up his prompt card.

"Alright folks you know the… oh lordy me." He groans after reading the prompt. Then looks up to the audience and sets it down. "Folks, I shoulda shown up to rehearsal today. No seriously, this might be the last episode of Family Feud, eva! 'Cause I feel like I'm about to be in danger." He says over the roaring laughter of the crowd.

"Alright gentlemen, keep this simple and civil, for my sake." Steve says and reads the card. "Top eight answers on the board, we asked a hundred people: Who, is the hottest hero?"

Right away, Flashbang hits the buzzer first.

"Brandish, Steve." He says immediately, earning a chorus of cheers and hollers of approval from the audience.

"Y'know… Y'know." Steve laughs. "I feel like I know his answer…" He gestures to Mr. Incredible. "And I feel you two's can only have one answer to this." He chuckles and points to the board. "Let's see it, Brandish!"

… [X]

The buzzer sounds and the crowd oohs.

"Ooh!" Steve says and looks to the audience with clenched teeth. Waiting for them to quiet down before turning to Mr. Incredible. "Alright, Mr. Incredible. Same question. Who, is the hottest hero?"

"Mrs. Incredible, Steve. Number one answer!" Mr. Incredible shouts confidently and starts clapping. "No doubt! It's there!"

"He says, it's the number one answer folks!" He says and points to the board. "Let's see, Mrs. Incredible!"

… [2: Mrs. Incredible/Elastigirl: 20]

Mr. Incredible gives Mark a smug grin and shrugs when Mark returns him a blank stare. Neither hero saying anything for a long moment as all goes quiet.

"I don't wanna be here no more." Steve says to the audience and steps back. "Mr. Incredible, you gonna pass or play?"

Mr. Incredible looks back to his family, who all shake their head and give him different affirmations to pass.

"Well, looks like we're gonna pass, Steve." He says.

"They gonna pass!" Steve announces as everyone gets in place.

.

.

Steve steps up to Victoria Dallon.

"Alright, we already done the introductions, Vicky. So I'mma get right to it." Steve says. "According to a hundred people, who is the hottest hero?"

"Hmmm, how about, me?" She giggles and looks out to the audience.

"You gonna feel real bad if it ain't up there." Steve says with a nod.

"I'mma feel something, Steve." Vicky says with a look.

"Lord have mercy, let her be up there!" He says and turns to the board. "Gimme, Glory Girl!"

[8: Glory Girl: 2]

"Oh thank goodness." He turns to the crowd with a huff, earning a round of chuckles.

"Two, two points?"

"Hey, least you on there." Steve says. "You could do worse. You could be like me." He says, making the crowd laugh as Vicky rolls her eyes. "I'm serious, the question could be, name the hottest, black, bald game show host. And Howie Mandel is gonna be before me."

The crowd bursts in raucous laughter at his self deprecation. A mix of sounds both agreeing with, and disagreeing with Steve's joke.

"You all laughing, but you know it's true! I ain't cute, I know." Steve addresses the crowd as he moves on. "He's better lookin than me, I ain't ashamed of it. It ain't a hard bar to pass."

"Alright, Madam Vista." Steve says. "Hundred people, who's the hottest hero. Whatchu got for me?"

"My wife, Steve." Missy says to the cheer of the crowd as Kitsu strikes a pose. Earning a round of oohs and awes.

"Oh wow, who woulda guessed. That you… would say that." Steve says in a dead tone of voice as he turns to the board. "Show me, Kitsu!"

… [4: Kitsu: 14]

Steve slowly turns to the crowd, purposefully keeping his back to the Dallons. Conscious of how Vicky is staring off into space while Kitsu sticks her tongue out at her.

"We startin wars out here folks." Steve says to the crowd. "And I am standing… on no man's land! … Wish me luck." He says and goes to Kitsu.

"Alright, Kitsu. Three down, five left, no strikes. We asked a hundred people, who is the hottest hero."

"I'mma say, Vista!" She cheers, much her wife's embarrassment as the crowd cheers.

"Shocker! … Never would have guessed." Steve says and turns to the board. "Gimme the next wife!"

… [X]

"Can't win'em all." He shrugs.

"They're wrong!" Kitsu shouts before her mic gets cut and Missy has to stop her from using her mic.

Steve ignores her antics as he moves on to Eric and leans on his podium. Looking down at the blue haired man with his hands over his face.

"Son, you look troubled." Steve tells Eric.

"I know the answer, Steve." He groans into his hands.

"Oh you do? You know the answer." Steve says. "And it's got you like this?"

"Yeah, yeah." He nods and straightens up. "I just don't think I can come back from it."

"Oh, now I'm scared." He nervously chuckles. "Huwhat, what could possibly, what could be so bad that you don't wanna say it?" Eric opens his mouth and Steve stops him before he can speak. "Now hold on… am I gonna be able to come back from you sayin it?" He asks. "'Cause if so, then maybe it be better you take the loss here."

Eric opens his mouth and shakes his head. Before sighing and giving his answer. "… Lady Photon."

"L-Lady Photon!" Steve starts laughing. "O-oh you ain't wrong. If that's on the board, you ain't never hearing the end of it!" Steve laughs and turns to the board. "Gimme the boy's momma!"

… [5: Lady Photon/Photon Mom: 10]

"Y'know what? Better that you said it, than him." "You, you might not live this down, but him?" He points down to Mark. "He ain't would've lived. You feel me?"

Steve laughs with the audience on his way over back to the front of the line.

"Back to you, Mark. Top eight answers on the board, name the hottest hero."

"Um, I uh, Iron Man?" He scrambles for an answer.

Steve gives him a raised brow.

"So… first we got the lawyer hero, next we got the CEO hero." Steve points out. "Remind me what your job is again?"

"I'm a stay at home husband and part time hero." Mark answers.

"Mhmm, that makes sense. He likes'em successful." Steve gives the crowd a look as he turns around. "… Give it to me on the board, Iron Man!"

… [3: Iron Man/Tony Stark: 17]

"Damn, I got nothing!" He shrugs and moves on to Vicky.

"Alright, Victoria. Back to you. Three answers left, one strike. Who's the hottest hero?" Steve asks.

"I've always been compared to her, and I'll never live it down if it's up there. But I'mma go with LaserDream." Vicky says.

"We just runnin down the New Wave roster folks! They came here to represent!" He says and points to the board. "Show me, LaserDream!"

… [X]

Vicky fist pumps and cheers to herself. Content in the knowledge that she at least ranks higher than most of her family.

"You see that?" He asks the audience. "I ain't never seen someone so happy to lose." The audience laughs. "She hit that yeyeah! With a fist pump and everything."

The audience laughs while Steve shakes his head and goes back to Missy.

"Alright, two strikes, three answers left. Top answer is still on the board." Steve tells her. "You get this wrong and the Incredibles can steal. Tell me, who is the hottest hero?"

"Um, it's a bit niche, but I know a few people who'd say Lyra." Missy answers to a silent audience.

"Lyra." Steve clarifies, giving her a dead eyed look.

"Yes, Steve." She nods and bites her lip.

"The wolf girl?" He asks, causing her to blush.

Steve takes a moment and slowly turns his head towards Kitsu.

"Say it." Kitsu challenges.

"Nah, I'm good." Steve steps away to the roaring laughter of the crowd. "Show me, Lyra!"

… [X]

"Lots to unpack there, folks." He says. "But we can do that later, for now, it's the Incredibles' chance to steal!"

Steve walks to the left side of the stage as the family separates. Mr. Incredible giving his family a confused look as they nod and give him thumbs up.

"Alright, Incredibles. Now is your chance to steal. Number one answer's still up there. Name me, the hottest hero." Steve asks them.

"Well um, they think it's-" Mr. Incredible starts to answer.

Before Invisiline appears and grabs his mic. Speaking loud and clear over him.

"Human Torch, Human Torch!" She says excitedly. "It's um, it's the Human Torch." She blushes as the crowd laughs.

"Now I don't think you understand how this show works." Steve says. "When I said you get a chance to steal, it don't mean this."

"That, that is our answer, Steve." Mr. Incredible says.

"And uh, something tells me you don't agree?" Steve points out.

"No uh." He looks to his wife, then back to Steve. "I-I agree. This was a family answer."

"Ladies and gentlemen, let this be a lesson, in the power of a woman." Steve says. "You can have the strength to bench press a bus, fly, shoot lasers out your armpits. But every married man knows… that don't mean shit."

Steve waits until the roaring laughter stops as he turns to the board.

"Give me, the man of fire himself. The Human Torch!" Steve shouts.

… [1: Human Torch: 30]

The crowd roars as the Incredibles celebrate. And Steve turns to the audience in disbelief.

"Am I bein punked?" Steve asks. "I feel like there was a miscommunication in the works there, folks." He says before giving a shrug. "But they ain't technically wrong. Eighty seven points to the Incredibles!" He then points back to the board. "Show me number seven!"

… [7: Miss Militia: 4]

"Mmmmhm, that's right." Steve nods his head to the crowd. "Show me, six!"

[6: Power Man/Luke Cage: 9]

"Bout damn time I saw a brother up there." He laughs. "Alright folks, we'll be back after the break. I wanna see Mrs. Incredible, I wanna see Glory Girl. We doin round two, right after this."

.

.

A/N

Kitsu was setting herself on fire while biokinetically tearing Echidna apart. So Melody, Kitsu's clone, is only partially a copy. A lot of her makeup is actually filled in with a mix of other DNA. Think Jurassic Park and how the Dinos are only like, 70% dino, and 30% frog. Or something like that.

That's why despite being an Echidna clone, Melody doesn't have a desire to destroy everything Kitsu loves. Because she's an imperfect clone that amplifies the worst of her qualities, but didn't manage to inverse her emotional attachments. Melody is actually rather uncaring of Kitsu and her family.

Melody, is just Kitsu if the Dallons never took her in and gave her a reason to be good.

Or so I'd like to say. I'm still undecided.

.

Miss Militia 100% knew Crystal died. But she also knows Kitsu can bring the dead back so long as enough of their brain stays in tact, and was banking on the idea that Kitsu wouldn't let Crystal stay dead.

.

.

For anyone wondering how Kitsu killed the creature. She infected it with an adaptable cancer cell that released a hormone forcing all cells around it to start producing Vitamin A.

With no stop function.

Eventually the creature started stripping itself of flesh to survive, which is how Noelle became separated from it.

.

QUESTIONS!

FOR NEWB!

GUEST: If you had to pick a non anime/game song to be Kitsu's theme, what would it be?

NEWB: For Kitsu, it's Looking At Me by Sabrina Carpenter, Nightcore version. Fast paced and it accurately describes Kitsu's self confidence and desire for attention. As well as her cocky/mischievous attitude. Because whatever it is, be it a fight, a game, or even just an outing, Kitsu has a habit of making herself the center of attention.

GUEST: And what about Kitsu x Missy's theme?

NEWB: Inferno by Bella Poarch and Sub Urban.

It's actually rather perfect. Because Missy is aware and recognizes the fact that Kitsu is not a good person. But even still, Missy can't help but be drawn to Kitsu for the attention, validation, and escape from daily life that Kitsu offers. Hence the line, Terribly terrible, she's a Villain. One as sweet as caramel, she's my Saint. Think I'm getting butterflies, but it's really, something telling me to run away!

And Kitsu is represented in the lines: No halo, baby I'm the reason why hell's so hot. Inferno, baby I'm the reason bad's so fun.

Kitsu knows she's not a good person. She's straight up told Missy that she won't change who she is, but she'll try to be better if only to make her feel better.

And the lines: Manic like a chandelier, crack the ceiling. Maria Antoinette, 'cause she's lost her head. Describes them both, because as cute as they are together. Their dynamic is not healthy.

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:TricMagic, SolverFollower, Vanir and 39 others
Newb to the game
Apr 10, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 94 Clone... Twin New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Apr 18, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,477
A/N Clone… Twin

Alt title: Somber Reflections

.

.

FreakShowMilotic: I'm not sure if what you're saying is a good thing or not.

RadChaos897: I'll keep it brief, but I held a poll on the discord as to whether or not Melody would be evil or good. And it was nearly unanimous.

Guest: I was more or less referring to the nightcore rock version of Inferno. But still a cute mental image.

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

? POV

.

"Where am I taking you?" The driver, a cape by the name of Overdrive, asks as I keep my long, prehensile tail wrapped around his neck.

"Just keep driving." I tell the paralyzed driver as I scan his DNA. His spine is actually completely in tact, it's his brain that's making him incapable of walking. Damaged motor pathways caused by alcohol abuse and a concussion or two.

Not that it matters, I'm just bored and killing time. Keeping myself distracted. His Corona Gemma isn't even compatible with mine. So I don't even have a reason to understand its makeup.

"Just let me know when you run out of gas." I yawn and lean back in the passenger seat. Resting my feet on the dash.

"I'll pass out before that happens." He says. "This thing uses heavy oil and a special gas converter to recycle the exhaust into more fuel."

"…" I look to him and shrug. "Meh. Then take me wherever."

"Hey, you don't need to do this." Miss Militia pipes up from the backseat. "You have a chance, like you said earlier. You don't have a record and-"

"Yeah, yeah. Sure thing Hannah." I say, and she goes quiet immediately. "Look, you can save the whole sales pitch. I know you just want me because you can't get rid of me. Same reason you tried for years to recruit the owner of my blueprints."

I don't even bother looking back to her. Content to stare out the window as the darkened city lights pass me by.

"That's not true." She says, putting her PR training to good use. "You're not Kitsu, her situation and yours are different. You don't-"

"Since when did hostages get so chatty?" I say and tighten my tail around Overdrive's neck, making him choke. "Keep talking, I don't mind if we crash."

Silence.

I loosen my hold on Overdrive's neck. Letting him breathe and focus on the road.

'Just as I thought.' I think to myself and look back out the window. Resting my chin on hand as I think. 'Everyone talks big, right up until they get a gun put to their head.'

Thunk! I'm brought from my thoughts by the heavy sound. A quick look to the sideview mirror tells be the cause when a brief flash of gold fur whips in view of the reflection.

"Ugh!" I groan and roll my eyes. "Is she still here?" I look to my driver. "Isn't there anything you can do about her? Some sort of, anti car jockey defense system. An emergency get off my roof button or some shit?"

"Language!" I hear Kitsu shout.

"Bite me!" I shout back.

"Not really-" He starts to say, but he forgets that I can sense everything in him when I touch him. And my tail is still securely around his neck.

"You're lying~" I say and lean over, pressing a sharp nail to his neck. Right over his carotid artery, feeling it thump under his skin. "Want to try that again?"

He gulps and reaches over. Flipping a switch that pops a small cap open. Revealing a blue button that he presses in before and turning. Making a soft whirring sound echo through the car's cabin.

"AIAIAIAIAIA!" I hear the fox scream in pain before her voice disappears behind us.

"Good boy." I pat his head and lean back in my seat. Relaxing as I enjoy the nighttime joyride.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Electricity, why is it always electricity?" I whine to myself as I get up, muscles twitching in the aftershocks of pain.

It's not even that I can't absorb electricity. It just bypasses enough of my field that it over stimulates my nerves.

"CONDUIT!" I shout in frustration.

…

[Acknowledgement]

"Oh, oh now you wanna answer me?" I chuckle in disbelief as I get up. "Now, after how many are dead and I have a copy running around? You better have a good, and I mean good explanation for this. Or… or something! I might just call Scion over out of spite."

[Caution: Action ill-adv-]

"Ask yourself what happened last time you told me that." I huff, fully aware and uncaring of how insane I look right now. "Now explain. Why the hell, is my clone even a thing?"

…

[Reluctance]

'Why?' I mentally ask.

[Answer: Host may receive information poorly]

"Well that's not really for you to decide." I challenge.

…

[Concession]

"No."

…

[Transferring: Data]

The biggest headache of my life spikes through my skull as an ungodly amount of information just… downloads right into my brain.

"Agh!" I clutch my head in pain. Feeling like I might crack my own skull from the pressure. Half of it isn't even making any sense. The other half barely making it through over the static that is the nonsense of the other half.

It feels like I just got given a book in chinese, and I have to decipher it. And to understand what it says, I have to start backwards.

'Make it make sense, damnit!' I demand.

[Response: Transferring second half]

"What?" I ask before my vision goes white from the mental overload. But not before receiving one final message from [Conduit].

[Response: I warned you]

.

.

? POV

.

"I should come up with a name." I say lazily as I think about my existence. "Hey, driver man. Any ideas?"

"… Ustik?" He suggests.

"… If you said that just to piss me off." I slowly turn my head to level the most intense glare I can manage. "… I respect the boldness. For that you may live. But your talking privileges are revoked."

I use my biokinesis and sever his vocal cords. If he's lucky, he can get a healer to fix it later. Or a surgeon, I don't care.

Actually, speaking of healers.

"Actually, I know where I want to go!" I snap my fingers. "Driver man, take me to the evac site. I want to see a few things."

"Why do you-" Miss Militia starts, before I squeeze Overdrive's neck to make her shut up.

"Finally, some peace and quiet." I sigh and relax as I wait for the ride to end.

'You're a downgrade!' The words ring out in my head. And I recall the look of shock and horror on Vicky's face when she saw me.

The relief I felt when M- Carol and Mark showed up. The warmth I felt when she treated me and my blueprint the same.

… And the utter… heart wrenching despair when she-

"I change my mind." I sit and look to Miss Militia in the rearview mirror. "Keep talking, I'm bored."

.

.

-Evac Site-

.

.

Missy "Vista" Biron POV

.

"Okay, so no word from Miss Militia or the Dallons." Kid Win calls out, hunched over a mess of salvaged tech. "And no word from the forward group!"

"Fantastic." Aegis groans as he paces back and forth in front of the tent where Kid is tinkering. "No word from Militia, The Rig is dragging their feet, and the disarmed master of arms is brooding in a corner while he duct tapes his suit back together. Worse yet, not even hrmmmm." He stops pacing and hits the side of his helmet a few times like he's trying to get water out of his ear.

"It could be worse." I try to offer.

"Of course it can be worse. It can always be worse." He glares at me. "Just because it can be worse doesn't make it magically better." He says before taking a deep breath and closing his eyes. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Just… lot on my mind, little to do about it."

I roll my eyes and turn away before I say something I shouldn't. reminding myself that it's not worth it. I force my attention back to the crowd, keeping an eye out for anything that might spark trouble. People are still pouring through the evacuation site in uneven waves. With all the confused, scared, and increasingly irate people, it's a miracle something hasn't caught fire yet.

"What's that sound?" I ask, getting Aegis's attention as we turn towards the barricade lining the street. Keeping any cars from barreling through.

"Sounds like some lunatic doesn't see the barricade." Aegis says and starts jogging towards the edge of the site.

Following him, I get a good look down the road as a muscle car in PRT colors kicks up dust from the asphalt road… somehow.

"Shit that's Overdrive's car." Aegis says and starts moving faster, calling out to the officers setting up a grappler turret to lock the car's front wheels. "Hey! Hey! He's one of ours!"

"Aegis…" I try to grab his attention as I get a bad feeling in my gut as the car doesn't slow. "Aegis!"

I stay put and get ready. Locking in on my tether to space, I get ready to twist and extend the road. Putting more distance and shifting the direction should I need to.

"Hey!" I hear Dennis shout as he jogs over in his mismatched armor. "What's going on- is that Overdrive's car?"

I flinch, not getting a chance to answer him as several people dive out of the way when the car refuses to slow. Even Aegis turns on his heels and sprints away. I pull on the distance between the car and road, extending it further. When suddenly,the car fishtails into drifting to a perfect stop just short of the barricades.

Nothing happens for a moment.

"… Well that was-" Dennis starts. "-Woah shit!"

The passenger door slams open and flies off the hinges with a bang. Soaring past us. Quickly looking back to check where the door sailed off, my head turns like a swivel to the car where someone, familiar steps out.

She looks exactly like Kitsu but wrong. Like a twisted wonderland version.

Less soft and more edges. Horns curling from her head. A long, whip-like tail swaying behind her.

Jean shorts. White tank top. Red jacket. Going barefoot as she steps out and stretches her arms above her horned head. Yawning like she just woke from a nap.

In terms of style and genre. If Kitsu is pop, this one is street rock. Less floof and more edge. In a literal sense in some ways.

"Thanks for the ride!" She says, turning back to the car. Lrearing back her leg, she soccer kicks the vehicle away. Making it tumble down the road. While the view from behind gives me a good view of her long, thin, black whiplike tail. And not a golden fluffy one.

'No way in hell is that Kitsu.' I think to myself. 'She'd sooner kill someone than mess with her tail like that.'

The doppleganger turns back around to face us, hand on her hip as she levels a smug, sharp toothed smirk at us

"Good morning, good people of the PRT!" The horned girl announces as she starts walking towards us. "I am here to justify your hazard pay and increase your life insurance premiums!"

'… why does she have to be cute?' I take a breath and clear the intrusive thoughts. 'Not the time! Dangerous life threatening cape now, weird teen hormones later.'

"Notice to all PRT, Protectorate and Capes." The strained voice of Miss Militia comes through over the comms. "That is not Kitsu at the med tents. I repeat, that is not Kitsu. It's a clone made by the monster before it was dispatched."

'I figured that.' I think to myself.

It takes all of five seconds for the attending able bodied PRT to raise their weapons against the newest threat.

"I warn you, do that and you'll-" She starts to say. But a few start to open fire immediately. Causing a chain reaction of panic, making more officers open fire in the confusion. Raining a mix of rubber bullets and live ammunition on the clone as all hell breaks loose.

She throws her arms out, growing and shifting them into large, red feathered wings. Intercepting the barrage before the feathers start hardening. Soon, they stop blocking the bullets and start repelling the bullets. The feathers turning into small plates of chitin that rattle and ring against the hail of impacts.

"Vista!" Dennis calls out and runs up to me. Now sporting a basic PRT Field helm, chest armor, and left shin guard to replace his damaged equipment. "I need you to get ready, as soon as there's a chance. Get me close."

"Are you insane?" I hiss at the ginger idiot. "If I warp space and a bullet strays into the path then it could hit someone on our side!"

"Well, what do you suggest?" He asks.

"I don't know!?" I put a hand to my chest. "Why are you asking me?"

"Well, treat it like Kitsu then." He hisses at me.

"Kitsu wouldn't even bother blocking." I point out. "She'd roll her eyes and shield her phone as she checked her snapchat."

As I say that, the scaled dome the clone had formed around herself recedes. Revealing the copycat now sporting scaly digitigrade legs ending in sharp talons. Sharp teeth bared in a wide, manic grin as her wings turn into long, clawed arms.

"I warned you~." She sings and dashes forward towards the nearest officer. Kicking him back and slamming him into a wall. Catching his gun mid fall in her hands as he drops it, and aiming it at the others. "Now say hello, to mai little friend!"

"She's got a gun!" Dennis runs back to the tents as she… wild fires into the buildings. Aiming for the windows and avoiding the people. Laughing maniacally as she causes panic with her property damage.

"How does her having a gun make her…" I stop myself from asking as I just run for cover myself. Not wanting to catch any possible strays.

I dive behind a PRT van and use my power to force the air on the other side of the van to warp. Twisting the space for about ten feet, forcing any bullets fired this way to arc upward as I duck down.

Click click, the sound of the empty gun echoes.

"Damn, was really hoping for more." I can barely pick up what she says as she starts walking towards us.

"So." I hear her more clearly as she stops at the front end of the cruiser I'm using for cover. "… Where's Amy?"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonu-

.

"No cliffhangers here folks!" She shouts and starts tapping her foot. "Come on, don't keep me waiting!"

I peer over to get a better look at the clone. Impatiently clicking her tongue as she scans the site. Before her purple, serpentine eyes land on me.

"M-Vista!" She shouts and leans over to get a better view of me. "How ya doin? Still mad? You don't look mad. Tell you what, just- hang on." She suddenly stops and looks behind her.

"Wow!" Kitsu two turns to Shadow Stalker as she appears from her shadow. "Of all people, you think you can agh!"

She chokes on her words as Sophia stabs a freaking bowie knife through her neck. Before violently ripping it out, splattering the ground in her blood. She then pushes her over with a boot to her chest. Now on the ground, Sophia plants her foot to the clone's chest and pulls out her crossbow, unloading a live bolt into her head with a wet thud.

"Seriously." Shadow Stalker scoffs and looks to the rest of us. "It's that easy. You're all just a bunch of pussies too scared to actually do anything useful."

Fun fact. Corpses are inanimate, I can move inanimate objects. My power lets me know what I can and can't move.

"I'm sorry, I figured that since the first Kitsu is indestructible." Clockblocker speaks up in his own defense. "That stabbing this one would be one of the more painful forms of suicide."

I can't move the clone.

"Yeah, 'cause you're bitch made." Sophia says as she flicks the blade, cleaning it of any remaining blood. "This is why you needed help to even arrest me. It's a wonder any of you get anything done."

"Cack! Ugh, your voice is annoying… get that out of your system?" The clone asks as she gets back up on her feet behind Shadow Stalker. "Feel better now?"

"What the fuck?" Sophia gasps, nearly falling over herself as the imitation stalks towards her.

"I thought you needed a win." She says and dusts off her shorts. "And boy was it worth it! … Or at least it's about to be."

"Little bitch, you better shut up!" Shadow Stalker shouts and stabs the knife into Kitsu, not Kitsu, into her chest.

The clone grins, revealing her shark like teeth as she readies her left hand like a spear.

"She's going to die." I mutter in horror as the clone moves.

For the briefest moment, I swear she looked at me. Before she made impact… and grabbed Sophia's wrist.

The tension is palpable as we wait. Even Sophia seems to be trapped in a state of shock as she realizes she's not dead.

"You know, you almost had a point with the whole you need to act speech." Not Kitsu says. "But the thing is, you were half right, acting is meaningless if you don't have the means."

"What, the, f-fuck?" Sophia curses as the knife refuses to budge from the clone's chest. "Why can't I let go!?"

"Half right, is still a failing grade." The Clone smiles, refusing to answer her question. "But be honest, what else can you expect from a failure?"

"Fuck you!" She says and transforms into smoke. Fleeing the scene as the clone shrugs. Dropping the knife to the ground where the blade quickly rusts into dust. Leaving just the hilt behind.

"Now that the side characters are-" She stops to catch a bolt aimed for her head. "… are out of the way." She snaps the bolt and drops it to the ground and points a finger at us, moving it between everyone here. "Let's see here… eeny, meeny, meiny, you!"

She disappears in a burst of speed. Running far faster than should be possible as her footsteps leave craters in the ground. Running right past me and to the tents, she only stops when she makes contact with someone.

"Oh, shit!" I turn on my heels as Aegis backpedals. Now sporting a fresh hand through his gut.

"I always wanted to see what makes you tick." She giggles, and Aegis hisses when something in him cracks. "Ooh! Re-pathing, that's neat… and you're scared. But I'd be surprised if you weren't."

"Can… can we not?" He asks.

"We can not, not do this." She says and rips out his spine. "You don't need this, do you?"

I am so glad he barely bleeds. Because that is not a site I want to see.

The clone looks around, first to Dennis, then to Kid Win, then to me. Then to a few others present like Snowflame and Hellfire. The villains taking advantage of the endbringer treaty to get patched up by Amy for helping out.

"Is that it?" She asks and places a hand on her hip. "I come by, literally rip this guy a new one. And you all just stand there? Are you seriously that tired from the previous fight?"

"I don't do kids! Not if I'm not high enough." Snowflame says as he raises his hands and just… walks away.

Hellfire… shrugs and leaves.

No one else dares says anything. No one dares move even as she haphazardly shoves Aegis's spine back into him and pushes him away. Seemingly upset.

"Come on!" She stomps her foot. "Take me seriously! If I was Kitsu you'd be doing all sorts of stuff! Trying to talk me down, using my hypersensitivity against me! I injured at least like, five guys! Isn't that enough see I'm being for real?"

Dennis takes a step back, and that earns her attention.

"Don't you run away from me!" She points a finger at him. "Fight me! Take me seriously!"

"What am I supposed to do!?" His voice cracks.

"Freeze me in place and buy everyone time?" She tries, then points to me. "Why aren't you trying to talk me down?"

"… Because… I uh…" I stutter.

"You'd do it if I were Kitsu." She glares, her eyes glowing red just like Kitsu's do when she's mad.

"You're not Kitsu." I say, and that makes her pause.

"… You're right." She scoffs, then laughs and looks around. "You're right… what am I even thinking… I mean I just have her memories and her emotions and all this other shit." She kicks a rock into a wall. "But nooooo… I'm not her, so why would you treat me like her. No, I'm not making sense."

"Pfft, at this rate she's going to-" Sophia says, now appearing beside Aegis as she helps him to his feet.

"Can it, minority report!" She points a finger at Sophia. "The only reason you're even alive is because it's fun to watch your delusional ass lose!"

"Excuse you!?" Sophia growls.

"Shadow, Shadow, now is simply not the time. Just take the insult." Aegis says as he holds her back. "Shadow Stalker, you will die."

"You're right." The clone says as she runs up to them with a clawed hand raised high. "Maybe this will make you understand!"

I think fast and warp what little of the space between her and Sophia that I can. Making the clone swipe air and land on her side as her leap is disrupted.

The moment she's on the ground. Kid Win pulls out one of his guns and starts firing. The bullets exploding on impact and expanding into foam that covers her body as she struggles to get up. She tries to rush him, but with her foot stuck to the ground, she falls to her knee. Which is then foamed to the ground.

She tries to break that, but gets her hand stuck to her knee. And this continues until she becomes a mass of expanding foam.

"…" Everyone is quiet as we stare at the foam sealed clone.

"… Well that was… anticlimatic." Dennis says.

"Don't jinx it." Aegis says as he lets go of Sophia before promptly smacking her upside the head.

"Bitch, the fuck was that for!?" She yells and tries to slap him back. Only for him to catch her arm and push it away.

"Do we need to get you a therapist? Are you suicidal?" He asks. "Because antagonizing the evil twin of the strongest cape in the fucking city seems like a surefire way to wind up dead!"

"You're talking like she could actually hurt me." Shadow Stalker scoffs. "In case you forgot, I'm untouchable when I want to-"

Shadow Stalker freezes as Aegis slaps her upside the head again.

"So you wanted that to happen?" Aegis challenges Sophia.

"Maybe I did!" She yells and slaps him back, only to fail when he pushes her away.

"Clockblocker!" He points to Dennis. "Get over here and freeze this foam, we don't need her escaping when this stuff wears off."

"Dude, it lasts hours-"

"You wanna be next?" He raises a hand. "Do it." He turns to Chris. "Kid, get on the comms and see if anyone knows what the hell is going on." He turns to me. "Vista, work with Kid and see if you can't get more capes over here."

Crack!

We all freeze. The dull crack bringing our attention to the foamed blob. Foam that should be harder than steel.

Crack!

"Clock!" Aegis shouts, turns around and picks up Sophia. Throwing her back before a chunk of containment foam breaks apart to reveal a blackened, scaled claw.

"Oh shit!" Kid curses and loads his gun.

The clone flicks its exposed wrist. Sending a hardened scale to Chris, nailing his gun and making it jam as he switches the cartridge.

"Agh! Double shit!" He shouts, bashing his hand against the device.

Aegis runs towards a PRT van as the foam cracks apart. Coming apart in chunks with some pieces still attached.

"Double shit is right!" She curses, stomping her foot to break another piece off. "Seriously, you'd think it would harden uniformly. But noooo. That's too easy."

She turns around and rushes Aegis. Ducking low and sending her tail through his chest. Spearing his heart just before he reaches the van, lifting him up on her tail. Grinning wildly as she seems to… almost savor the moment.

"Cut the head." She says and spins, throwing him up into the air.

She turns to me with a gleam in her eye and rushes me. Slamming me into the vehicle I once used as cover. Holding me up by my neck.

"Oh, I want to kill you because you're in my way." She whines and holds her cheek in one hand. "But you're soooo cute and I have such good memories with you. This isn't fair. Carlos is so fun to abuse and see how he tics, Sophia is so fun to bully! I can't just waste you all!"

She doesn't seem to take me seriously.

"Um, might I make a suggestion?" I ask and reach for the taser hidden in my back pocket that I'm not supposed to have, and totally didn't steal from lockup.

"A suggestion!" She grins and looks up to me with sparkling eyes. "How about you, join me? That's a good idea, right? You'll get benefits~." She flutters her eyes. "I can promise you that."

'Not Kitsu!' I scream at myself.

"I can't do this." I mutter and just taze the girl. Jabbing the black device against her stomach and squeezing the trigger.

"AIAIAIAIAIAIA!" She squeals, muscles locking up as her eyes roll to the back of her head. When the effects wear off, she falls back. Groaning and twitching.

"I feel… so much better right now." I take a breath and ask. "Is that a bad thing?"

"Why, because you just tazed what is basically your girlfriend?" Clockblocker asks as he walks up and tags her. "Or because you tazed someone who murdered twenty PRT officers right in front of us?"

"… She's not my girlfriend." I tell him.

"Okay, the fact that you had to pause and think about that at all is cause for concern." Dennis points out. "Also, electricity, good to know. Could've used that twenty people ago."

"I'm sorry! You have your girlfriend's clone show up and start racking up a body count!" I throw my taser at him, nailing him in the helmet. "See how clearly you think!"

"I'd have thought you'd be used to it." Sophia walks up and says, crossing her arms and looking at the unconscious, frozen clone. "Seeing as your girlfriend already has a body count."

"So do you." Dennis points out.

"What's your point?" Sophia asks.

"Can I have my taser back?" I hold out my hand towards Dennis while staring at Sophia. "I need it."

"Shiiiiit!" I look up to see Aegis freefalling faster than I can react. And he hits the van he was by with a sickening crunch, before slamming into the ground head first with another crunch.

"… Today… sucks." He groans.

.

.

"So, Iron Man is halfway out of the state." Kid Win says. "Firebreather is still unconscious, Glory Girl, Brandish and Flashbang are twenty minutes out by foot. Kitsu, Laserdream, Gully and Pinky are MIA. Armsmaster is in no state to fight. Finally, Jenny and Lyra are out rounding up any survivors, but should be here any minute."

"What about Velocity, Assault, Battery, Gallant, Dauntless, Miss Militia and Overdrive?" Aegis asks.

"Miss Militia is assisting Overdrive at the moment as he's incapacitated and immobile." Kid lists off. "Battery is still on leave, Assault isn't picking up. Gallant has yet to respond to any calls and Dauntless was injured when he fell off a roof while fighting a clone. He's alive and well, but in the confusion he was rushed to a different site. Velocity… he's just late."

"Ironic." Aegis says. "Any word on… anyone else?"

"You know what I know." He shrugs. "Most of the senior heroes are out of commission, it's just us here until they get here."

"So now it's up to us to keep the super clone contained and protect the evac site… Fuck." He curses before he starts to pace back and forth. "Uh… damnit."

"Why are you stressed, you can survive anything!" Dennis snaps from his spot beside the clone. "I'm the one sat next to a living nuke!"

"I'm stressed because not only am I responsible for said living nuke." He snaps back. "But as the senior hero here in a state of emergency, I am now in charge of the entire site and its people! Which means your life, her life, her life, his, his, hers and everyone else! Is on, me!"

"Well, so long as we keep her frozen-" I start to say.

"V… no." Dennis says to me. "I really don't need to be reminded that this entire situation relies on me."

"… You don't have to be a jerk about it." I mumble to myself and turn back to Kid Win. "Where is Miss Militia, if we can get her here then that's one issue solved. After that, we can get the Dallons."

"Right, I'll get the signal booster back up and you can warp them here." He says, formulating our plan.

.

.

"…" We all stare at the unconscious girl on the street. Not the clone, but the original. Kitsu. And by all, I mean everyone. Us Wards, Miss Militia, the Dallons minus Amy.

"Is… how strong did you electrocute her?" I ask. "Sure it hurts her, but it takes a lot to knock her out cold."

"I'll… have to ask Overdrive." Miss Militia says. "But if it can knock her out, it's clearly too much."

"Didn't you do the same to the clone?" Aegis asks.

"Yeah, but I kept tazing her." I point out. "You're not supposed to keep tazing them."

"Where did you get that taser by the way?" MM asks.

"…" I don't say anything.

"Vista."

"Th-the evidence lockup." I mutter.

"… Was it from a box labeled K eighteen thirty two?" She asks.

"I… don't remember." I admit.

"Vista… those were black market tinker tech." She says. "They're meant to kill."

"…" I don't say anything.

"Later." She points at me as Sophia comes back and dumps a bottle on Kitsu before handing it to Aegis.

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

… COLD!

"PAH!" I gasp and shoot up.

Looking around, I spot Carlos in his Aegis uniform. Quietly screwing the lid back onto a water bottle while my wet face is exposed to the open air.

Growling, I cup check him hard enough to dent his codpiece. Making him clutch his family jewels in pain.

"Fucking, why?" He whimpers for a moment before pausing and standing up straight. "Huh, no pain… that is a new one."

"Alright, get up." Mom says and hooks a hand under my armpit.

"Aye, aye!" I call out as she lifts me up. "Easy with the merchandise!"

"Can't break what's already broken!" I hear… myself say.

"Why am I talking from not my mouth?" I say, englishing perfectly if you just don't think about it.

"About that." Mom says and faces me towards the clearing of the evac site where my clone is standing with a veritable militia of men armed with foam cannons and turrets and tasers.

"Oh my." I mutter.

Vista's handywork is clear on display. The ground around her and the buildings nearby twisted to resemble someone's botched attempt at abstract art. With soldiers on the rooftops aiming right at the clone. Making a warped, urban cage where every angle is accounted for.

"Oh me oh my, what do I spy!" The clone calls back. "It's my failure of a twin! Soaked like the wet mop of a person she is!"

"… I am not that annoying." I defend.

"No… you're worse sometimes." Vicky says.

"What are you still doing here?" I ask her.

"Kitsu!" Mom shouts, earning my attention.

I raise my hands in mock surrender. Stepping away from Vicky and waiting for further explanation.

"Vicky is here because she's one of our strongest fighters who can help in case the clone lashes out." Mom explains as she guides me closer to the scene where I spot Miss Militia talking to Armsmaster. Who's armor is very poorly held together with scrap and actual duct tape.

He nods and starts walking off before I can really pick up on what they're saying. Though I don't get the time to consider that as MM immediately moves to address me.

"Kitsu, good to see you're alright. We woke you up because if she gets… creative, then we're counting on you to be able to detain her long enough that we can subdue the clone." Miss Militia explains to me, and before I can even process all of that, someone else is already speaking.

"Okay, real quick." Missy pipes up from down the line of officers. "We need something to call her other than just the clone."

"Dopple." I offer jokingly.

"You are so lucky I have like, twenty foam guns on me right now." Dopple says from where she stands about fifty feet away. crossing her arms over her chest.

"Luck has nothing to do with it." I look back and smirk.

"I suppose you're right." She smirks back.

"What is that supposed to mean?" I ask… only to get an even more smug look in return. "Why you-"

"Call me, Melody." She cuts me off and gives a bow. "For I'll be the sweetest and last thing you hear." She looks up from her bow with a sharp grin.

"Open fire-" One of the officers starts to shout.

"Do that and I kill everyone here!" She warns as she holds up a finger. "And I won't need to lift a finger to do it."

"… Hmm?" I perk up as I notice everyone is now looking to me. "What?"

"Can she do that?" Vicky asks from above and behind me.

"I mean, if she makes a fast acting disease then yeah." I look up and answer.

"Melody," Miss Militia says, calm but firm. "We don't want this to escalate any further."

Melody perks up slightly at that.

"Oh, good," she says brightly. "Because I was worried we were going to skip straight to the part where I start breaking things again."

"We would appreciate it if it didn't come to that." Miss Militia says. Lacking any real confidence in her tone. "And, we're willing to negotiate terms to keep it that way."

"Okay, what even is this?" I turn to Mom and ask.

"This, is the PRT's primary contingency for dealing with you." She answers quietly. "First, de-escalation, then containment."

That… makes more sense than it should.

"Unless this involves you admitting I'm better than Kitsu in every way, then I refuse on principal." She huffs and turns her head away from us. "So… you can start by complimenting my generous nature in letting you all live this long. I accept donations in the form of flowers and chocolate." She pauses and looks over to Missy. "Though, I wouldn't mind a little more~"

"Are you trying to get me to kill you?" I run over and put myself in between her and my girlfriend.

"Oh please, you already tried." She snorts. "And failed."

I bare my teeth and growl at the clone. While the horned girl just sticks her tongue out at her original.

"Come on, we can make a game of it even." She says and gives me an evil grin. "How about tag? I'll even start the count if you want."

Oh that was low!

"I'm gonna strangle you with your own tail!" I threaten. "Keep it up!"

"Dad! Help!" The clone shouts out to Dad, who isn't even here right now. "She's gonna hurt me!"

"Don't call him that!" I yell. "He's mine, not yours!"

"I am you!" She shouts back, genuine anger in her voice as her eyes water for a split second before it disappears. Replaced by her regular cocky attitude. "I'm just cooler!"

This… this is what I feared. The information [Conduit] gave me. She's not an Echidna clone, not mentally. [Conduit] interfered, tried to stop Noelle from cloning me. But… well… only managed to halt a few things before… Melody, was shoved out. Like… sixty percent of my abilities. As well as stopping her mind from being warped and seeing me and my loved ones as enemies.

Still…

"Well I'm cuter!" I refute.

I'm learning that I just cannot stand myself. Don't know what that says about my character or psyche, but that's not important right now. What is important, is making sure the hyperpowerful biokinetic with a healing factor that'd make Cell jealous, doesn't get spiteful.

Because when you have all the power to get away with whatever you want and little reason to not use it…

'I'm starting to understand why people are so scared of me.' I have the sudden realization.

"God, never have I been more grateful that I'm not invincible." Vicky says to herself.

"Oh, oh this is suppose to be a negotiation, right?" She asks before giggling to herself. "I forgot for a moment! But now I'm curious, what's the offer?"

Miss Militia looks to Mom, who just looks back to her in silence.

"You don't even know?" She asks, giving us a disbelieving smile. "I was out for… what? An hour, and you couldn't think of a single thing I'd like or buy into?"

I look to Miss Militia, then to Mom.

"… Don't make me agree with her-" I start to say.

"Not now!" Mom says with a hand in front of my face.

Despite how flippant I may appear right now. I'm actually freaking out on the inside. My gut is positively wracked with anxiety over what's going on. So… I'm kinda abusing my status as a child and not doing anything outside of what I'm told.

"Well now, seems all the power is in my hands here." Melody grins.

"Just because we-" Armsmaster of all people steps up to speak.

"Can it, Roboflop!" She rolls her eyes. "The adults are talking."

"I am-"

"Not in charge!" She cuts him off again. "Now shoo! Before I give you a live demonstration of where a stent goes."

"Armsmaster, please." Miss Militia calls out to him. "You're escalating.

Armsmaster's jaw tightens visibly beneath his helmet, the faint whir of his broken and jerry-rigged armor the only sound as he fights the urge to argue further. After a long, tense moment, he took a deliberate step back, his gauntleted hands clenching at his sides. "Fine," he growled, voice tight with barely contained irritation.

Melody's grin widened into something positively feline, pure smug satisfaction radiating off her as she tilted her head and watched him retreat. "There we go, good boy. Seems even tin cans can learn to sit when told." She let out a soft, delighted little laugh.

Miss Militia steps forward smoothly, her voice calm and steady as she places a gentle but firm hand on Armsmaster's shoulder. "That's enough. We're all on the same side here, and this isn't helping anyone." She turned her gaze to Melody, keeping her expression patient and composed. "Melody, you've made your point. Now, if we could please get back to the actual situation at hand—the deal you proposed and what you actually want from us. Taunting people won't get this resolved any faster."

Melody crosses her arms with an exaggerated huff, still wearing that cheeky, triumphant smirk, but her sharp eyes sparkled with clever amusement. "Fiiiine, I'll play nice." She huffs and looks back to me. " I'll make you a deal." She says and taps a finger to her chin. "How about this, I don't really care for the whole kill, death, destroy, thing that everyone seems so certain I'll do. So… how about this! You get me out of here, and we can keep anything else between us. I'll be the Magneto to your Professor X! Sound good?"

"Why would I agree to that?" I roll my eyes at the absurdity of her offer.

"Because I'm adorable and you can't say no to this face?" She tries and looks behind me towards Missy. "Isn't that right~"

"I prefer my girls to be more on the fluffy side." Missy dismisses.

"No accounting for taste, I see." Melody crosses her arms and rolls her eyes. "Still, my offer stands."

"Again, why would we accept that?" I ask. "From what I can tell, you've already attacked the wards and-"

"It's not like anyone died." She chuckles and cuts me off.

"You just maimed more than twenty PRT officers and left at least half a dozen more in critical condition!" Aegis growls out, stepping closer from the circle of heroes and officers. "And that was when you just showed up! Had we not stopped you-"

"Oh please like anyone can actually tell me their names." She scoffs and rolls her eyes. "And they're still alive aren't they? Besides, they shot me first."

Aegis goes tense at her words. Eyes hardening and fists clenched tight at his side.

"We can't let you leave and go about unsupervised." Miss Militia says before anyone else can speak up. "I'm sorry, but we're well past that point."

"Seems we're at an impasse." She says. "You can't kill me, and you can't detain me without me taking out… well pretty much all of you. And I want to leave, but you can't seem to let me."

As arrogant as she sounds. She's right. I can hold her back, no doubt about that. But there's no telling who'd get caught in crossfire.

"What would you suggest." Miss Militia asks.

"All I want is a bit of fun before it all goes up in flames." She says and does a spin, throwing her arms out. "I can't do that if you're all dead. But if you won't get off my back, then I can make concessions until I get what I want… starting with Sophia, because her face is stupid." She points up to one of the buildings warped to cut off any flight. Right where Sophia is aiming her crossbow at her.

"Really, you're starting out with Sophia, Shadow Stalker?" I cross my arms. "She barely counts as a hostage! If anything, she's an incentive!"

"How can you say that!?" Melody gasps dramatically, hand to her chest in shock. "She's a hero, nay a Ward! Junior hero, she represents the future of our justice system!"

"Are you really going to high road me over Shadow Stalker's life?" I raise a brow.

"Worth a shot." She shrugs. Capitulating the point immediately.

"You racist bitches!" Sophia cries out from her perch on a roof.

"Bitch, you just salty your cousin is better than you!" Melody calls out. "Get a better personality and come back with it when your flat butt has some substance outside of minority representation!"

And suddenly the atmosphere hoes from tense to awkward. Even I'm impressed with that insult. That was a good one.

"See, I'm not supposed to agree with you." I mutter. "But I can't fault what you say, so… huh there really is no winning here."

"Okay fuck this!" Sophia says and flips us off before just… leaving. And I can't even blame her.

"No… Sophia, stop." Melody says with a flat voice as Sophia runs across then down the street it's connected to. "We'll miss you and like… you're soooo needed and valued." She shrugs. "Meh, hostages are for the weak, like Shadow Stalker or Vicky."

"Hey!" Vicky calls out.

"Let me just…" I turn around as Mom steps up and puts a hand on my shoulder, pulling me back and putting herself in front. "Melody, was it?"

"Sure, you can call me that." She says disinterestedly as she Inspects her nails.

"What do you want?" Mom asks. "What do we need to give you to

"Get rid of Kitsu." She says with a deadly serious look.

"I won't do that." Mom says.

"Then I guess we're done." She smiles. "How does Vixen sound as a villain name? Too mature? I'm sure I'll grow into it."

"Melody, please. We can talk this out." Mom says. "You don't have to-"

"Why would I ever listen to you?" She glares at Mom, dark purple reptilian scales growing on her forearms and on her cheeks right under eyes. Barring her teeth as her pupils tighten into pinpricks. "In fact, last I checked, you were the biggest advocate of getting rid of me!" She barks out a laugh and points to me. "She has genuine cause to believe I would be a threat. All I ever did to you was exist."

"I-I'm sorry-" Mom starts, her heart beating loud enough for me to hear even in the crowd.

"Another word and you die." Melody shuts her up. "You don't get to say that."

"Do that and you suffer." I take a step forward.

She crosses her arms and levels me with a flat glare. Staying silent as she scans the crowd.

"… You know what." She says and holds her hands out, fists clenched and smile plastered on her face. Scales now completely gone. "I surrender! Take me in officers."

"…" No one says anything at first… until.

"… It… can't be that easy, right?" Clockblocker asks.

"You!" She points towards Miss Militia. "Your offer from earlier, still on the table?"

"What offer?" Mom turns toward the hero.

"L-look, I was trying to deescalate the situation." Miss Militia starts. "I swear it wasn't about recruiting her."

"So you didn't want me?" Melody aske and turns around. "Okay… I get it. I'm a threat and you needed to talk me down… yeah. Sure."

"No that's not-"

"She's just being dramatic." I call out.

"You don't get to call me out!" She turns on me. "Hell, you barely care!"

She marches up to me, shoulder checks me. And continues on to Miss Militia. All the while with every gun, turret and hero keeping their eyes on her.

"Put the fucking cuffs on already." She demands, holding her hands out to the heroine. "I'm done here."

.

.

After that, everything was settled… kinda peacefully. Okay, it was awkward as all hell.

"It was your clone that wrecked shit here." Vicky says.

"Okay?" I say. "… and?"

"Don't you feel a little responsible?" She asks.

"Do you feel responsible for things Amy does?" I challenge.

"Sometimes, yeah!" She nods seriously and crosses her arms.

"Well I don't know what to do about that." I shrug and turn around. "You're just weird."

"Kitsu!" Vicky shouts.

"See you at home, Vicks! I'll be getting my beauty sleep!" I shout and take off.

I… I have a lot to think about. And a lot of sleep to catch up on.

.

.

.

.

-Later, The Rig-

.

.

Melody POV

.

"And don't think of using your powers." Armsdick says as he guides me to my cage.

Sure, it has nice furnishings for a cage. Decent twin sized bed, an en suite bathroom. Large closet, and even a TV mounted on the wall. A cozy little wooden entertainment stand under it with what I can only assume is a plastic potted plant. The bed itself is one of those box frames with drawers under it. The floor is tiled and overall the room is barren of any life.

Like a low security prison cell. Complete with a camera in each corner of the ceiling.

So yeah, a cage.

"Yeah, yeah." I roll my eyes and hold my hands up. "Just take these off before I break'em."

"Most prisoners wouldn't be receiving this level accommodation." He says.

"Most prisoners consider cuffs a hindrance." I smile. "Now get these bracelets of me."

"You're as impetuous as your original." He sneers as he takes a key out and unlocks my cuffs.

"And you're as dull and uninteresting as her memories suggest." I snipe back, not that he really responds. Instead choosing to leave me to my new accommodations.

Rolling my eyes, I sigh and go to the bed. Sitting on the edge, I take a moment and I think.

I just… think.

One moment, I'm furiously transforming Noelle's cells into cancerous tumors hell bent on making vitamin A. The next, I'm laying in a sea of gore. It was seamless. Not even jarring, it was like I watched her collapse and then stood up on different feet.

I sit here on the bed. Staring at the hands in my lap. Hands that are so similar to everything I know, but aren't mine all the same. They're… heavier, the nails sharper. My feet, so… normal. Compared to everything else. I… recall the hardened pads on my feet that I'd used to hide. So self conscious of how weird they looked. Now they're gone. My tail, so slim and dexterous without me needing to modify it.

I am Kitsu. I know I am. But everything… everyone… it all says I'm not.

'Hi! I'm Kitsu!'

'Excuse me?!"

'You are excused. Wanna play? We can start over, I'm the top hat, you can't have it, it's mine. Are you okay with that Mark?'

'You just wanna start over because you're losing.'

'So that's your game, you just wanna recruit me like The Empire and the PRT.'

'Not at all, if you don't want to be a hero that's fine, but you're not going to be a rogue or villain.'

'Says the girl who couldn't even tell her own sister was uninterested in all they guys she threw at her!'

'Like you could do better!'

'Bet I could!'

'Alright, well, good night Kitsu.' He says and kisses my forehead. 'I love you.'

'And this one goes with your eyes, but this one clashes and makes them pop.' Vicky says as she shows me her makeup. 'Great if you have a pimple you don't want people noticing.'

'You're being awfully nice.'

'It's your first date! Every girl's first date should be special.' She says with a smile. 'Even annoying little gremlins like you.'

'I'd ask you out if I had the courage.' Missy finishes with a sigh as she moves some hair out of my face.

'Um, I am awake.' I nervously say.

'You're like a sister to me.' Amy mutters. 'Repeat that to anyone and I'll expose your shampoo preferences.'

'I love you.' I hug Mom tightly.

'… Yeah… me too, sweetheart.' She says and slowly hugs me back.

So many good memories. Meeting the Dallons for the first time. Shopping at the mall with Mom and Dad. Her telling off a xenophobic clerk, him stealing my fries.

Messing with Vicky, her trying to mess with me back. Me showing her up and Mom grounding us both.

My teacher giving me the two beetles. I later named Kratos and Bakugo. All the time I spent modifying Kratos, playing with him and caring for him. Then his death. Maureen's death at my hands. Stormfront's death at my hands. Rachel turning into Lyra.

All the effort I put into helping Amy get over her many issues. Mom finally accepting me. Me and Vicky's back and forths'. Dad's never ending support and confidence. My disastrous date with Dennis. Missy always giving me second chances I didn't deserve no matter how much I didn't understand. The Nine kidnapping my family, me setting out to save them. Mike showing up to take me away.

'Except that's not you.' I tell myself as I look to the TV and see my reflection in the glass. Purple eyes, where teal should be. Horns, where I always knew there to be ears.

'Well… what about Mike?' Dad offers. 'We can maybe, ask him? Maybe convince him to take her?'

'Leave her for the PRT to handle.' Mom said. 'She's compliant enough.'

'You're not Kitsu.' Missy says.

I force the tears to stay. Not willing to give anyone the satisfaction of seeing me cry. Even as I'm faced with the single, undeniable fact.

'They're not your family. They don't love you.' The insidious voice of mine whispers in my head. 'And they never will. Because you'll never be enough, and you'll always be too much. They're lost to you.'

…

Why me? Why did I have to be the clone?

…

Why am I the unwanted one? We're the same person.

…

It's not fair.

.

.

Director Emily Piggot POV

.

"Odd." I mutter to myself as I watch the security footage of the clone… crying.

It's probably just a tactic to get us to lower our guard. She knows there are cameras, they're not exactly hidden.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

.

.

A/N

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro

Also!!!
I finished drawing Melody (Kitsu's clone) it's posted up on the discord. Give it a look! And if someone can, please post it here. I iz dum with teknologee and would very much appreciate it.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Biscoff, PrimarchXI, SolverFollower and 46 others
Newb to the game
Apr 18, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch. 95 Duality New
View content
Newb to the game
Newb to the game
Experienced.
JoinedFeb 28, 2023
Messages3,275
Likes received106,064
Aug 21, 2026
New
Add bookmark
#1,584
A/N Duality

Alt title: The Tale of The Red and Blue Oni

I wrote this chapter with an injured hand

I was told to rest… but only I decide when I'm done.

.

.

melone17009: It really is, and it's even sadder when you realize Melody learned she wasn't Kitsu, and then had to listen to the woman she came to view and call her mother, discuss how to get rid of her.

FreakShowMilotic: It's like having everyone you know and love suddenly hate or fear you, for no reason other than the fact that you exist.

Guest: So Kitsu is not truly mixed with a fox, she's mixed with random assortments of canid and felid DNA that was contaminating her wounds when she triggered. She just happens to look like a fox, and fully embraces the image. Her favorite fox is the Fennec Fox.

RadChaos897: Melody didn't turn herself in on a whim, she watched as everyone she loved regarded her with hate, fear and disgust and it broke her. Granted she didn't help the situation with how she was acting out. But remember, she's mentally Kitsu, she did what Kitsu would do in an existential crisis. Do whatever the fuck she felt like with any regard for the consequences to distract herself. Except with people she liked being there, that became harder to do. She was 100% going to kill Shadow Stalker, until she noticed the look of horror on Missy's face. In the end, she just lost the will to do anything and fell into a depression as the situation was shoved in her face, so she said fuck it.

Jaime is pregnant, no way in hell would Piggot let her near the superpowered biokinetic.

Melody is as ageless as Kitsu, and she isn't as invincible. And she doesn't have Kitsu Dynakinesis. But her biokinesis makes Amy look like your standard EMT.

And Melody is a straight up chimera. A more physically imposing version of Kitsu more geared for direct combat and battlefield manipulation. Noelle needed a field commander, and Melody was made to fit that role.

Grimnosh: Get out of my head.

Guest:…

Random Dude: And I love you too, Random Dude!

Deus-Ex-Machina: Here is the update!

.

.

-Date, Time-

'Thoughts'

"Speech"

(Text)

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

-Tuesday, October 19th, 2010, Early Morning-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"My head." I groan in pain, placing a hand to my head as I feel a presence other than [Conduit] pushing on my mind. "Ugh."

One moment I was infecting Noelle with a rapid degenerative cell disorder that caused her body to overproduce vitamin A. Forcing her skin and muscles to strip off her bones like over cooked pulled pork. The next, everything starts to go dark as she collapses.

'Must have collapsed on top of me.' I think to myself as I stand up on shaky legs, stumbling a bit off balanced from the weight in my body and the headache I'm forced to endure. 'Kill them, they're trying to hurt your mother.'

"Argh!" I place another hand to my forehead in pain. "Shut up." I hiss and shake my head.

That is not [Conduit] and it is certainly not me. And it's nothing else I recognize of the top of my head. Not that I can really think given-

Kill

… That.

I look, trying to focus my ears, but finding my body not willing to listen. And thus rendering me unable to focus on any sound. Making me have to rely on my eyes to look around. Not really something I'm used to.

Kill Kill

'Shut up!' I roar back in my mind. 'Seriously, do you know any other words?'

Kill Protect Mother

'Well, ask and ye shall receive, I guess.' I nearly scoff at myself, taking a deep breath and inhaling the ripe, coppery scent of all the fresh blood. But nothing else… and once again, I can't seem to focus on any scents. Leaving me in the dark to most of my senses.

Opening my eyes, I look up and my heart drops. Seeing me standing so close to Vicky. But that's not me, me is here. She is not me! Vicky is near a not-me!

'Shit, I got cloned!' I grit my teeth in panic and rush forward. Pushing through despite the weight I feel dragging me down.

Kill

First thing's first. I need to get rid of the controller. If Noelle has my DNA then it doesn't matter how I kill the clone. More will just pop up like a lethal game of Whack-A-Fox.

No, Fox Hunt?

Kill

'Okay!' I answer back, though I'm almost certain the line of communication is one way. 'You want someone to die!? How about the mastermind!?'

Should've specified! Oh well, sucks to be whatever telepathic clone tried mind controlling me.

"No!" Noelle gets up and backpedals away from my clone, though I don't have time to contemplate it. "No please not-"

She doesn't get any more words out as I drive my hand through her head. My biokinesis automatically connecting to her system for some reason. Which is odd, seeing as my powers aren't automatic like that. Regardless, I brush it off and let her corpse fall. Dropping with a wet splash into the human soup pooling around out feet.

"What the fuck!?" Vicky freaks out and flies back from the mess, deftly avoiding getting more blood on her outfit. Not that it's worth anything, that pretty white dress is practically a biohazard at this point.

'I'm sorry, Noelle.' I lament the loss of the poor girl as her lifeless corpse lays there, undignified in a mess of blood and guts. 'I wanted to save you, but you're too dangerous. Maybe if I got to you sooner.'

Just going to quietly ignore the fact that I… a hundred percent had the chance.

Oh hey! The voice is gone.

"Ah~… That's better. Nice and silent." I let out a sigh, closing my eyes and opening them after a deep breath, facing Vicky and my clone. "After all, you should know how I hate being told what to do."

Don't know why I said that, not like she heard the voice in my head. Or maybe she did. Actually, come to thing of it. Where did that voice come from? Does my clone have a stronger version of my Love Me power?

"… Fuck." My clone utters out. Before angrily stomping her foot in the bloody soup. "I just fixed that!"

"Hmm?" I look her dead in the eyes, then down to the corpse of the clone maker. 'She would be loyal to Noelle, but what does she mean by, fix?' "Well I didn't like it." I shrug, deciding not to dwell on it as I kick the body out of the way. Flicking my hand and cleaning it of the blood coating it.

"Kitsu." Vicky says in a low tone, shifting her gaze between me and the clone.

"Not now, Victory Gal." I say and suddenly notice a chill run across my body. Looking down, I keep myself from showing my embarrassment as I realize I'm flashing the two. 'Oh well, it's just Vicky.' "Oh! Didn't mean to put on a show."

'No, wait, why am I naked?' I think as I improvise a solution to my modesty dilemma. Reaching into the soup of flesh and gore with my biokinesis, I figure it couldn't hurt to make a little leather and cloth. So long as it's organic-

'Too much, too much, TOO MUCH!' I start to panic as my biokinesis reaches out and drags in way more than I wanted. Feeding me biomass en mass.

In the midst of getting my powers under control. I notice that… I'm not me. My physiology is wrong. My spine isn't supposed to be shaped like that, my tail isn't that long, where are all the fur follicles I have to keep turning off in the morning!?

'No… no that…' It all clicks together as I finish my clothes. 'I'm… not her.'

I'm the clone.

.

.

-Tuesday, October 19th, 2010, 4am, Evac Site-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

I stand here silently as the newly named Melody gets taken away. Secured with seven different types of restraints around her neck, wrists, and ankles. Not that any seem to really bother her as she's put into the back of the car along with Armsmaster and Triumph to keep an eye on her. Not that I think they could do anything, but it's better than nothing I suppose.

Feeling a hand on my back, I look up to see my Mom. A stern look on her face as always as she nudges me to move. Guiding me away to a quieter spot to discuss what just happened.

"About… Melody… do you have any idea on how to actually take care of her?" Mom asks me quietly, leading me away from the wider commotion.

"Cookies and milk?" I suggest and giver a shrug when she glares at my sarcastic answer. "How should I know?"

"…" She returns me a flat stare. "… Come on. Can you at least say what her powers are?"

"Hmm… so you know how Amy can do just about anything with organic matter?" I prompt. "And how I can as well, I just suck at it compared to her."

"Basically, go on." She nods.

"She doesn't suck." I tell her.

"So we basically have-"

"And she's better than Amy." I continue.

"… Does she-" Mom starts.

"And she regenerates." I tell her. "You can cut her head off or you could sneeze on her for all it'll be worth."

Mom waits a few seconds. Opens her mouth, then closes it to test me Speaking when she's sure I won't interrupt her.

"… you got all this from your thinker power?" She asks.

"I got all that from fighting her." I explain. "She's… a bit of a blind spot for me."

"You can identify nearly anyone of note and their powers, how is she the exception?" Mom asks.

"Because I am my own blind spot." I tell her before admitting the uncomfortable truth. "She's… she's not a clone, not the way the others are."

She seems to take that… about as well as one would expect. Eyes widening slightly as she looks off to the side in thought for a bit.

"Explain." Mom demands, looking back to me.

.

.

Miss Militia POV

.

"For one, she killed Noelle, the girl creating the clones." Kitsu explains. "All of the clones are supposed to be unquestioningly loyal to their creator, and harbor a deep hatred for the loved ones of their original."

"How do you know she doesn't hate us?" Brandish asks.

"You're still alive?" She suggests. "Anyway, it's, mentally, Melody is me."

'I knew there was something off about the clone.' I think to myself as I tap my earpiece, sending the recording to Director Piggot.

.

.

-Sometime later, Random Rooftop where Firebreather left Crystal-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"Here she is." Firebreather says, having guided me to Crystal's body. Left on a roof in the middle of the city.

Dead on the rooftop, her glossy eyes stare hauntingly towards the sky. Unmoving and certainly unseeing.

"… I told you, she's gone." Firebreather says somberly as he walks across the roof and leans against the ledge.

I go ahead and touch her face anyway. Seeing if there's anything I can do.

She's cool to the touch. Not cold, but cool enough that it's started damaging her brain and internal structures. I… I can bring her back, but I'm not sure I can just casually raise her from the dead without people asking questions. Not like with Gully's death to blood loss and how it was just a matter of saying she was merely unconscious. To say nothing of how intensive it is. It should be easier than bringing Rachel back. I mean, her cells had undergone apoptosis from literally being put on ice. Crystal's just been dead about an hour. And a quick glance tells me it was spinal trauma. Easily fixed.

"How many people know?" I ask Fire in a low, conspiratorial whisper.

"Know what?" Firebreather asks in return.

"How many know she's dead?" I look up at him.

"… Vicky… Amy, I think Miss Militia might know." He says with a shrug; staring at the ground in thought as he tries to recall who all he told. "I… I'm not sure. I wasn't, I haven't been paying attention all that much in the last hour. I haven't told Sarah yet, not sure how I'm going to do that."

"You're going to admit you're an idiot who jumped to conclusions." I tell him firmly.

I can bring her back, she's not too far gone. It'll be difficult, and I might get a few things wrong. But so long as I get her brain up and running on all cylinders, get her up just enough to be alive, Amy can do the rest. Hell, if not for the glossy eyes and lack of a heartbeat, she's in perfect condition.

Going to have to replace those lenses though, too dry.

"Excuse me?" He scoffs angrily, pushing off the ledge and marching towards us. "The hell is that supposed to mean?"

"It means, that you are going to act like the big himbo dummy everyone thinks you are as I heal Crystal." I tell him sweetly.

"Heal, heal death?" He growls, moving into the angsty anger phase of the grieving process.

'Wonder what happens to that whole process when it get cuts halfway through?' I quietly wonder in the back of my mind. While my main thought is- 'Shut the hell up and take the hint, lizard boy!'

"Your body temp is much higher than everyone else's." I keep trying to lead the idiot on. "It's easy for you to mistake-"

"She doesn't have a pulse!" He roars, baring his teeth as his chest glows. Flames licking the sides of mouth as he flares up in anger. "Stop trying to make this seem like it is what it isn't!"

I squint hard at him as he starts breathing heavier. "… is what it is… isn't what… What is that even supposed to mean?"

He pauses, closes his eyes and takes a deep breath.

"Kitsu… I know you have your own way of dealing with things." He says, opening his eyes and giving me the saddest, kicked puppy look ever. Calming himself down and losing the glow. "But this isn't the time. Just… I don't… please, please stop. I'm not sure I can handle much more." He says solemnly; looking off to the side as he can't seem to meet my eye.

"… Wow, Crystal likes'em dum." I sigh and begin reviving her. "Fire, if you tell anyone what you're about to see. I'm going to deny it and then make up some career ruining rumors about you."

"What are you-"

"And trust me when I say it'll be some heinous crap." I keep rambling on as I start fixing her. "I mean documentary level crap that'll-"

"Guh!" Crystal interrupts me as she gasps for air.

Well, it's more accurate to say that it's Crystal's body. She's still like, four fifths deader than disco. And three fifths, no, I'm not making that joke.

"Crap, I didn't mean to fix that part yet." I say as her brainstem freaks out, reading the lack of responses from her brain as signs of oxygen depravation.

It's not wrong, but I don't need it freaking out like this! It's distracting.

"Crystal!" Firebreather kneels down and tries to cradle her.

"Back off." I shove him back, unintentionally putting more force into the I mean putting enough force into the shove to push him all the way back against the ledge fifteen feet away.

"Ack!" He coughs out a bit of blood. Probably some left over from the fighting earlier. Definitely not my fault.

It takes him all of two minutes as Firebreather recovers from his coughing fit. Though once he does, he just starts another back and forth. Getting angrier and angrier as I refuse to answer him until I just ignore him. And eventually, I manage to get Crystal functioning as a normal human being!

Well… as normal as someone like her can get at least.

"Puh!" She gasps, eyes shooting wide open before snapping shut as the freshly remade and inexperienced lenses get their first taste of light.

Lucky it wasn't daytime! That'd suck!

"Wow, there really are no consequences to anything for me." I let out a little chuckle as I feel the existential dread of nihilism start to wash over me as I recall how bullshit some of my powers are at making various facts of reality meaningless in the face of my whims. "… Repressing that!" I say and stand up, patting off my shorts and thighs.

"What do you-" Crystal groggily asks, struggling to sit up.

"Oh he was just flirting with me while you were unconscious." I gesture to Firebreather, explaining the situation to my cousin. "Said some real creepy stuff. I'm almost flattered, honestly. But still, no one should be talking about what kind of lingerie they'd like to see a thirteen year old wear." I say. And while they both stare at me in confusion, I walk over to the ledge and give them a two fingered salute. "Deuces!" I say and let myself fall over.

I'll let the idiot deal with that misunderstanding. See what happens when you act dumb around me while I'm tired.

.

.

Finally, bed sweet bed. Where I can now rest my weary head, now that the beast is dead. And tomorrow I'll awake to a breakfast and be fed. I ran out of words to rhyme with bed. That being said-

"Kitsu!" Mom calls my name just as I lay head down to rest.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAGGGHHHH! COME ON!" I cry out as a I roll over and off my bed. Pausing briefly as I fall over onto my face with a thunk. "… Ow."

I give it a few moments. Hopefully it's nothing too important and she'll just let me sleep. That way I can-

She's coming up the stairs. Darn, and the floor was getting so comfy.

She at least has the courtesy to knock before entering, so that's considerate at least. If only she had a bit more courtesy to let me sleep. Contrary to popular belief, foxes are not nocturnal. And neither am I!

Unless there's a tournament in CoD. Then it's rock on, all night long like ACDC. Healthy? No. But I'm immortal and incapable of being harmed, so suck it normies.

"Kitsu." Mom says as she opens my door without waiting for me to answer. "We need to talk."

"I mean, do we need to?" I say, though it's muffled by the floor and sounds more like. "Ai men, doh we eet oo?"

"Get up." She says and nudges the side of my head with her foot. "This is serious."

"Whaaaaaaat?" I groan and roll over. "Why, why must you torture me." I switch to my best Smeagle voice, reaching up at her and making grabby hands. "Iz likes youz wants me's to suffers!"

"We need to talk about everything that happened." Mom says. "And no, it cannot wait."

"Ugh." I groan and slowly get to my feet. Careful to avoid crunching the base of my tail against the floor as I sit up.

Turning around, I lean forward and raise my tail, resting it on my bed. Giving me room to plant my bum against the side. Leaning lazily against the lovely, sacred home of sweet unconsciousness I yearn for.

… I get extra when stressed.

"Okay, what's up?" I tiredly ask through half lidded eyes, crossing my arms under my chest as I resist a yawn.

"Have you seen Pinky or Gully?" Mom asks seriously.

"No." I let out the yawn. "Saw Gully's clone, so that's… well it's certainly not good news."

They're probably dead. And while I am a bit sad about that, I didn't really know them that long. Maybe I'm desensitized to death, or maybe I'm just messed up. But I can't help but see the situation for what it is.

"That's not funny." Mom glowers at me.

"I'm not joking." I tell her. "The only way a clone is made, is if Noelle had access to the original's DNA. And if the original isn't around, it's safe to say Noelle ate them."

"Fuck." Mom hisses; covering her mouth as she turns away and slowly paces back and forth in front of me. "… That's… damn it."

"If their bodies are found, I can probably bring them back so long as their brains are intact." I offer. "But considering how I collapsed Noelle and they weren't inside her." I don't say the rest out of consideration for Mom's current state. No need to spell it out.

"Is that what happened with Crystal?" Mom asks in a low tone.

"What are you talking about?" I ask innocently, finding a random spot on my wall to be very interesting. "Crystal didn't die."

I think it's a bit off color. My room's walls are French Rose, but that spot looks more Hot Pink.

"Kitsu." She mutters in a low tone, like someone might hear us despite the only people in the house being me and her. "Did you bring Crystal back from the dead?"

"… No?" I hazard to say, playing dumb for all my worth and current energy. "She was always not dead."

"Damnit, Kitsu!" Mom groans and runs a hand through her hair, pacing away towards my door.

"Wow! Didn't know you hated Crystal that much." I say with a yawn. "If it means that much, I can always undo it. Not that hard, really."

"That's not the point." She hisses, turning around and marching back towards me. "What am I supposed to tell Sarah? Firebreather is already freaking out over the whole thing and Crystal is confused as hell. What are we going to do if it gets out that you can raise the dead?"

"Just tell everyone that Firebreather's an idiot who can't tell a corpse from a coma patient." I shrug. "Not like it's a hard sell."

"Kitsu, if it gets out that you can revive the dead, we'll have hell to pay." Mom reminds me. "Not just from the religious communities, but every schizophrenic conspiracy theorist and grieving widow and orphan will come out of the god damned wood works. To say nothing of the what the government will do."

"Heh." I snicker at the implications at the mention of hell.

You'd think Piggot or Cauldron would be coming out and trying something with that information. But I guess for all of their faults and incompetency, even they know the dangers of that info getting out.

"This isn't funny." Mom glares. "I'm glad you saved Crystal, but you need to be more careful."

"My hero mother telling me not to save people." I cover my mouth and feign a gasp.

"Not…" Mom takes a deep breath and shakes her head. "Lord give me patience."

"Isn't it lord give me strength?" I tilt my head in question.

"If I pray for strength I'm likely to use it to strangle someone." She practically growls.

"So that's where Vicky gets it from." I say, recalling the few times she's threatened to strangle me. Okay it was one time after I superglued the caps of her nail polish shut.

In my defense, she did bust into my room mid stream.

"I… I'm ignoring that for your sake." Mom says and pulls out her phone. "Because there are even more pressing issues we need to talk about, like this." Mom says as she hands it to me with a video pulled up.

"Hey that's me!" I say happily as the video plays.

"Momma I'm so sorry~ I've been awful naughty~" My voice just barely comes through over the sound of the carnage I unleash on the horde of clones.

"… Just… why?" She asks tiredly. "You know we have an image to maintain. And slaughtering clones with a smile on your face does nothing to help our cause."

"Because you left me unsupervised under a full moon~" I sing out and give a little twirl.

"Kitsu that's not-" She pauses to look out the window. "It's not even a full moon!"

"Since when has the lunar cycle ever been needed to account for me being me?" I cheekily ask; tilting my head and smiling.

"Kitsu!" She shouts.

"Reporting for duty!" I stand straight; stomping my foot and give her a salute.

"Take this seriously, little lady." Mom practically growls.

"I'm trying, and failing." I tell her and bow at the waist. "And for that, I apologize."

"…" Mom takes a deep breath. "Kitsu… you have five seconds, to take this seriously. Or so help me god, your PC is going in the firepit."

'Can we roast marshmallows over it!?' I just barely stop myself from saying.

"I just wanna sleep." I whine and tiredly slouch. Ears and tail drooping. "Why doesn't anyone want that for me?"

.

.

-Thursday, October 21st, 10am, The Rig-

.

.

Melody POV

.

Drip, drip, drip, drip

'Multitrillion dollar government complex.' I think bitterly as I stare at the faucet. 'Can't make a bathroom without a leaky sink.'

My eyes drift up, away from the irritating chrome pipe until they meet those of the girl in the mirror. Staring at her bright violet orbs, I turn my head to the left… then turn it to the right. Staring at the reflection in the mirror, noting the minute differences, as well as the more glaringly obvious ones. I smile, taking a finger and hook it on my upper lip. Lifting up the soft flesh, I inspect my teeth.

They're so much sharper than I remember. Sure my canines were always pointier than the next gal, but in a more cute kind of way. But now my premolars are pointier as well.

'Stop that!' I snap at myself, removing my finger as I glare at the girl in the mirror. 'They never were anything. They've always been that way, you've always been this way. Sooner you accept that, the sooner you get over yourself.'

I know enough to recognize that. But even so, as I stare at the uncanny image in the mirror, I can't help but reminisce. And I start to redden my hair a bit, going from platinum blonde to a more golden strawberry blonde, receding my horns into my skull and changing the color of my eyes from violet to teal. And with a bit more effort, I manage to make a pair of fox ears pop out the top of my head.

'Keets! Hurry up!' I can practically hear Vicky shout as I stare back at myself. Picturing an angry and inpatient sister on the other side of the door-

"STOP IT!" I roar in anger and put my fist through the glass. Shattering the mirror; breaking the reflection as shards of the reflective material imbed themselves in my skin.

I stare down at the sink, drops of blood drip onto the shattered mirror fragments. Staining the porcelain red, brown and orange. Blood, my blood, just another thing that tells me I'm not who I am. That I'm not me, not her. She doesn't bleed, no matter what, yet I do.

Pulling my fist away from the shattered glass, I let out a shaky breath and flex my fingers. Watching as my healing factor pushes the broken fragments from my flesh to mend itself. And in less than ten seconds, it's like nothing ever happened.

Looking up into the mirror, I watch the newly made kaleidoscope as the girl in the mirror changes. Ears receding back into her head as black horns grow from the back of the skull, crowning her head. Teal eyes returning to their violent hue as the reflection silently cries.

"Stop it." I look back down into the sink, away from the pitiful sight. "This isn't you. Whoever you are, you aren't some pathetic little girl who cries in the bathroom."

Looking back up at the mirror, and quietly wonder why they'd give me access to something like this. I mean, glass is easily turned into a weapon.

'Then again.' I think to myself as the head of my arrow pointed tail slinks in front of me. With a silent command, I feel the skin shift and harden into dermal denticles. Replacing the enamel coating with a denser iron infused organic makeup. Making it shine black as it becomes a large limpet tooth. 'I suppose it doesn't really make a difference what they give me access to.'

It was so easy to do. So easy to change, like breathing. I just know how to do certain things.

I try to use my illusion, to pull on my connection to energy. But it isn't there. I can't feel anything on that front. And when I search for a source of energy, all I find is a mess in my Corona Gemma. I don't know what it means, and I can't seem to contact [Conduit] to figure it out either.

[Conduit, one of the few ever present constants in my life. No longer there. Gone… like everything else.

'You never had anything.' I remind myself. 'Nothing is gone, because you didn't have anything to lose.'

I have nothing. I have to keep telling myself that I don't have anything, that these memories are fake and that they aren't mine.

"I love you, kiddo." I hear Dad's voice echo as small droplets of water mix with the blood in the sink.

Drip, drip, drip, drip

At least the faucet stopped leaking.

.

.

-Few hours later, research lab-

.

.

"Your regeneration is… honestly absurd." Head Researcher Jamez notes as they continually try burning through the flesh of my hand with a laser. "… Honestly fascinating."

But the more they damage me, the faster I regenerate. It really is absurd and quite the novelty. It's like my body is capable of automatically determining the severity of the damage and how much effort it's worth putting in to fix.

"It seems the release of stress hormones in your body triggers local autonomic regeneration." He says, telling me what I already figured out. "Even if consciously unaware of any damage, the body sees to restoring you to a predetermined state much like the baseline subject."

Oh, it's worth mentioning that they have me gassed up, so I'm not all here for this. Something about testing if awareness or stress has an effect or something. Sounds messed up, and it is. But it's fine, I consented to this whole thing. I'm aware that they're looking for ways to control or get of me, I just can't find it in me to care all that much since I have nothing better to do. And I'm fairly certain they can't kill me. Because even I haven't figured a way to do so yet.

Besides, the gas is kinda nice. Makes my head loopy and helps pass the time. Heck, by the time I come to, I'm already in my room again.

"…" I smack my lips a bit, feeling a peculiar sensation run across my tongue. "…Why do I taste strawberries?"

.

.

-Saturday, October 23rd, 5pm, Scarecrow's lab, East Slums-

.

.

Joseph "Scarecrow" Crane POV

.

"Fuck." I collapse down into my chair and rip my gloves off, tossing them on my desk. Letting them breath in the cool autumn air a bit before pulling my mask off. Letting it hang in my hand as it goes limp with exhaustion.

I run my free hand over my face. Groaning as I feel the weight of everything I've been dealing with get transferred onto the chair I'm in. Surprised the shitty piece of furniture hasn't cracked under the weight.

I'm practically down to a skeleton crew. I have three capes under my name and one of them is a psychopathic serial killer I can barely keep under control. The cars that Mechanic made are starting to fail without his maintenance, not to mention how most of his garage's have been getting raided by the PRT. And with the PRT's newest hero Overdrive on the streets, my boys are losing the one tactical advantage we had. Aside from numbers that is, and even that is dwindling as the attacks keep coming.

"Ugh… I fucked up." I groan.

I know Overdrive is Steve, The Mechanic. Overdrive's debut and the timing it had with the raids on the garage sites, not to mention the hero's preference for muscle cars.

I don't regret trying to put Steve out of commission. His alcoholism and recklessness were drawing too much heat. By the time he got arrested, having drunkenly drove into a police station, I knew he was becoming more than he was worth. But then I discover that he turned himself in. At that point it wasn't even a question, he was a liability and a loose end. I only regret my impatience in putting him down, I should have waited until we got back and slipped some trazadone in his beer.

'Your father never let his anger get the best of him.' I feel a wave of anger wash over me. 'You'll never make him proud, much less avenge him at this rate.'

It's not like I'm not trying! But even my attempts to defame Manpower only had middling results. What with all that happened in the following days, the former leader of the Brockton Bay Brigade's folly quickly became old news.

Now we have The Empire, in their desperate struggle to keep control, lashing out at the edges of my western territories. Made even worse by how the monster's wrecked my territory the most. And then there's the ABB, who've have been ruthless in their pushes at my southern borders. Along with Ginabog and Bakuda getting into explosive dick measuring contests along Winslow and the Industrial district to the further west.

"Should rename the ABB to the Kamikaze Crew." I mutter to myself.

I should be planning, making up new schemes to regain control or get back at the old guard of Brockton Bay Brigade. But… I'm just so fucking wiped. Dealing with everything has left me so tired… I just need a day. A day is all I ask.

"So this is what's become of the infamous, master of fear." I hear a man say from the door.

'I guess a day is too much to fucking ask for!' I snap around, turning to face the dead man who just barged into my office lab.

One hand on my revolver as I loosen the straps on my mask with the other hand. Getting ready to slide it on in a second in case I need a more… caustic solution.

"Wow, and I thought I was holding up well for my age." The curly brown haired, middle aged man chuckles. "You've barely aged a day, in fact I'd say you look even… younger?"

"You have ten seconds to explain yourself." I tell him, holding the gun up as he tilts his head in confusion.

The gun doesn't seem to phase him at all. So either he's insane, on drugs, or has a power that makes him confident the gun won't do anything. And judging by the focus in his eyes, and the steadiness of posture, he's not high. So insane, or powerful. Knowing my luck, it' probably both.

"… You're not Johnathan." He suddenly says, making my breath hitch.

Johnathan was my father's name. You'd think that'd offer me some comfort. But my father had a lot of enemies.

"Who are you?" I demand to know and cock the hammer back.

"… Little Joey?" He squints, and my heart nearly stops, finally recognizing the voice. "Is that you? My, I've been gone a long time."

'Only three people ever called me that.' I think, recalling the trio of individuals.

"… Mr. Lavere?" I whisper, almost not believing my own words.

"Mr. Lavere, feels weird hearing that from you after so long." He smiles warmly. "You always were such a polite child."

.

.

"Sorry, but whiskey is all I have on me." I tell him as I pour us some shots. "Most of my alcohol goes to my tinkering."

"Never thought I'd see the day you were running your own gang." He says, easily accepting the glass I offered. "You were always so mild mannered."

'He's too trusting.' I almost scoff. 'What if I poisoned the glass?'

"Life has its ways of forcing us to adapt." I sigh and sit down with him at my cleared off work table. "Times change, either we change too, or time leaves us behind."

"I'm realizing that more and more." He nods, idly turning the glass of brown in his hand. "it's not just the big things either, I mean, phones are so much smaller and do so much more now. To say nothing of the TV's I've seen on sale… gas prices are still outrageous. So that's comforting."

That one gets a chuckle out of me.

"Oh trust me, if running a gang has taught me anything, it's that overhead costs are no joke." I scoff and sip my shot.

"Most gangs leave the main overhead to the gang members." He tells me. "One of the benefits of running them."

"Most gangs fail to maintain control without a plethora of capes or at least a few powerhouses." I tell him. "I have a fifth of Brockton under my boot and with only three capes to my name."

"Another thing, just the sheer amount of capes in Brockton is staggering." He continues. "It was no surprise to find the Empire had taken a strong hold of Brockton after I was locked up. Even less of a surprise to see them collapsing as they have been." He rants off before taking a breath and quietly adding. "The AZN Bad Boyz, that was a bit of a surprise."

"Why's that?" I ask.

"Just never expected them." He shrugs. "And to say nothing of the sheer scale of some of these newer capes. I mean, turning into dragons, punching Endbringers, freezing the bay."

I carefully keep quiet about that last one. If he heard about Permafrost then he no doubt knows it was during a Merchant attack. But whether or not he knows I essentially killed her, well it's better I not leave any breadcrumbs.

"What happened to flying and super strength being all that was needed?" He mutters.

"You're starting to sound like an old man." I deflect his attention away from the topic.

"I feel more like a stranger in a strange land." He chuckles. "Everything is so different, yet oddly the same. Some places are the same, but run by different people. Some people are the same, but in different places."

"Just don't go off starting any sex cults." I scoff.

Seriously, that novel was a drug trip towards the end. Makes sense that it was written in the sixties.

"Oh you've actually read the book?" He asks. "Yeah… that book definitely didn't age well in some parts."

"Eh, I listened to the audiobook." I shrug.

"… What's an audiobook?" He asks.

"Okay I know for a fact that those were a thing during your time." I give the older man a pointed stare.

He just shrugs and shakes his head. Sighing, I briefly explain the concept to him, to which he said it sounds like reading for people who don't want to read. I told him it was for people with so much on their plates that they don't have time to sit down and read.

We agreed to disagree. And awkwardly settled into an uneasy silence.

"So… what happened to John… your father?" Mr. Lavere eventually asks.

"… New Wave happened." I say after downing another shot.

"Didn't know they were out for blood." He says cryptically. "Though some of them…"

"Not like that." I explain. "After you were put away, they went public with their identities. Started a whole movement based around public identities and accountability. Soon the press went into a frenzy uncovering the identities of every hero, villain, and vigilante." I say bitterly. "My father… he was one of those unlucky enough to get targeted."

"… So John, your father…"

"I walked in on him with a bottle of pills in one hand, and a note on the desk." I recount that dark day. "With his identity revealed, his doctorate was revoked and he was terminated from his job. Couldn't find another, no matter how much he tried. Add that with everything else, and the state was taking steps to take me away."

I stop talking as the memories start to come back. Leaving a bitter taste in my mouth that I can't quite place. I just know I don't like it.

"… Never figured him to… to be the type to… I'm so sorry." Mr. Lavere offers me his condolences. "… I… I know… no. I don't know how hard that must've been. No child deserves that, you certainly didn't."

"I don't need your pity." I tell him and down the rest of my shot. "Ah! It's been eight years, I've had time to accept it."

"Still, I haven't." He says solemnly, staring down into his drink. "I always figured that out of all of us, John would be most likely to get out of this life the cleanest. He was always so smart, so prepared… damn it." He leans back and rubs a hand over his face.

"He did." I let out a sarcastic laugh. "It was a year after you got locked up. He had gone straight, was working for some start up pharmaceuticals company."

"Yeah, that checks out." Mr. Lavere nods, then pauses. "Wait, you were ten when I got locked up. Are you even old enough to drink?"

"I'm twenty, but who cares?" I say and pour another shot of whiskey.

"… John would kill me to see me let you drink." Mr. Lavere gives a sad chuckle; shaking his head. "Damn… I'm getting sentimental in my old age. Never would have thought this is how things would have turned out."

He seems to have said that more to himself than to me. And I figure it's more personal than he's willing to divulge. So I leave it be.

"No one ever does." I sigh. "So, you're out." I look over to the former ruler of Brockton Bay. "How'd that happen?"

"Would you believe me if I said good behavior?" He jokes.

"Maybe in six more shots." I scoff. "So I'm guessing the Birdcage is empty?"

"Seems it's not just your old man's face you inherited." He grumbles, shaking his head. "What tipped you off?"

"I'll take that as a yes." I let out a sigh as I think about just how that's going to complicate things in the future. "As if things weren't complicated enough."

"Heh, that's life. If it's not one thing, it's another." He nods along with me. "But that's why we have friends to share the burdens it throws at us."

"… And there it is." I let out the breath I'd been holding in.

"Joey, you've done well so far." He turns his chair towards me. "But it's clear you're struggling."

"… And?" I scoff at the washed up villain. "You think you can do better? Time's have changed, there's more than a rag tag team of six teens with barely serviceable abilities and half a brain cell between them to contend with. And even then…" I let the rest go unsaid.

"Brockton Bay was my city, Joseph. And it will be again." He says, a hand firmly on my shoulder. "You can have your place, by my side, just as your father did. Keep your own slice of hell to rule without watching your back, waiting for the inevitable blade. You don't have to live in squalor like this. You can make your father proud and-"

"I did not live in the trainyard, on the run from my father's enemies for three years." I cut him off. "Build my reputation up and seize control of the merchants, turn the slums from a boulevard of drug dens to a system of half decent neighborhoods and functioning communities, just for you to come in and give me that half assed sales pitch." I turn a glare on my father's former boss. "I'll let you leave, out of respect for the friendship you and my father held. But don't think I don't know you turned yourself in, your surrender kickstarted the events that killed my father. I don't hold you as culpable in his demise as New Wave, but don't think for a second that I won't ruin you like I'll ruin them if you stand in my way."

We stare at each other for a long while. My hardened glare wearing down his softer, contemplating gaze. Eventually, he breaks, turning his gaze away in defeat.

"We could've left it there. But you had to keep talking." He sighs, then looks back up with a steely gaze. "But I can't have you targeting New Wave."

Before I can react, I gasp as a sharp burning pain spreads throughout my gut. Looking down, I see a white bone imbedded in my side. Leading from its target to where it originates in The Marquis' hand.

"I-I gave you a chance." I look up and grit out. "You ungrateful relic."

"I could say the same to you, kid." He says and stands up, pulling his hand back with a thick squelch. Revealing the bone to have been more than long enough to run me through and pierce my aorta, judging by the position and angle at least. "And I mean that, but I'm not willing to take chances with what I've already sacrificed so much to protect."

'What on earth is he protecting?' I think to myself. 'No, wrong thing to focus on!'

"It seems we have something we agree on then." I cough up some blood.

'It's spilling into my stomach.' I realize. 'Damn, he really means for that to kill me.'

"Fortunately, I like to consider myself prepared." I say and pull my hand back, revealing a small canister of gas that hisses as it releases a purple miasma. "I'd run if I were you." I give him what is no doubt a bloody smile. "Start now, and you might make it long enough to reach a clinic."

"You wouldn't risk yourself to-" He starts to say, before I cough up some more blood. "Shit!"

He takes off out the door. No doubt confusing the men I have stationed around the warehouse, assuming they're even alive still. I don't think he killed them to get in here. But I also didn't think he'd stab me.

"H-heh." I chuckle, holding a hand to my bloody wound and applying as much pressure as I can manage. "Can't believe that worked."

It was a muscle relaxer. Meant to target the heart. He'll think there's something wrong as he gets tired, but I just bought myself a few minutes as my pulse slows.

"Methylene, where's the damn methylene?" I huff out as I let myself fall into a tinker's fugue. Hoping that I come up with something to help me before I die as my vision starts to fail me.

"Always finish what you start, old man." I rasp out and inject myself with the serum I just made, and everything goes dark as I fall over.

.

.

-Meanwhile, The Rig-

.

.

Melody POV

.

"That's her? The resemblance is uncanny." I feel one of the researchers ask from behind the glass of the observation deck.

Yes, feel the sound they're making. I modified the bones and bottoms of my feet to be sensitive to infrasound. Much like an elephants'. Took me a while to learn how to use it right, but it's not like I had anything better to do in my spare time.

"Yeah, if I didn't know any better then I'd think this was another one of her pranks." Another researcher mutters.

I don't think they know I can sense what they're saying. But then again, why would they? Who would ever assume I'm hearing with my feet.

"I heard about that, were they really as bad as everyone says?" The first one asks.

"That's right, you transferred in from Boston after that was settled." The second one says absently. "I'll show you the missive the Director sent out, that'll give you an idea of how bad it was."

"Can you two save the chatting for lunch?" Another man turns to them and asks.

I recall that missive. It was when I…

It was when Kitsu and the Dallons were staying here at the Rig. Just after Stormfront destroyed my… the Dallon's house. Kitsu caused a lot of problems out of sheer boredom. Trapped on the Rig, day in and day out with little to do. It was no wonder she started making her own entertainment.

"How come she hasn't done anything?" The first one speaks up again.

"What do you mean?" The second asks in return.

"Well, this is her clone, right? If so then why hasn't she started acting out?" They clarify.

Good question. And the answer is that I… I just don't have it in me. I'm bored, but not so bored that I'm about to start problems. Besides, not like there's anything around here to interest me. Or even anyone to really mess with.

Missy? I'd rather not, not with how she looked at me last time we saw each other. Lyra? Would she even recognize me? Dennis is an option, but that feels awkward given the history he has with Kitsu. Dean feels weird too.

I know too many people here, sneaking out and interacting with them as I am. It'd feel… it feel wrong. I'm not Kitsu, and everything I know about everyone is from Kitsu. And they all hate that.

'I hate this.' I think to myself as I hug my knees to my chest, wrapping my tail around me. 'Why couldn't I have just been made without her memories, why do I have to love people who hate for me for my existence?'

I can never have a normal relationship with them. Not as I am. They'll never accept me, both for what I am, and what I did.

This feeling of loss, it's worse than if they had died. Because at least then I wouldn't be… at least they… I don't even know!

I can't be bothered to think anymore. So I flood my brain with melatonin and knock myself out.

"Hold on, what's happening!?" The third researcher freaks out as I fall over.

At least in my dreams, I can pretend I'm me without any shame or remorse.

.

.

-Sunday, October 24th, 2010, 11am, Boardwalk-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"I am bored~" I hum out. "So I am up to no good~ Walking through the town~"

No school, no streams scheduled, don't feel like making a surprise stream, Vicky has a date, Amy is… somewhere. And the big events never happen when you want them to. So I made an executive decision. Left a note on the counter and took my fluffy tail to the town!

Missy's been too busy with her job and studies to hang out with me. And despite how social I am, I actually lack a lot of friends. I suppose it's mostly because it's hard to find someone to relate to me.

"Speaking of relations." I squint my eyes as I spot some bright green and red through the crowd.

Oh yeah, I'm illusion'd to keep people from recognizing me. Otherwise being out and about gets annoying. But that doesn't matter now.

"Hey, Vista!" I wave to her as I catch my girlfriend on patrol with Aegis. Because even with a fifth of the city under quarantine and partially destroyed, you still need people out and about making the PRT look good.

I'm almost insulted that they didn't think to call me for that.

Discarding my illusion, much to the shock of everyone around me. I begin to race over while waving my hand high above my head.

"Oh." Missy looks over to me and I hear her heart slow down a few beats when I get closer.

Which is… odd, given that it's normally the other way around.

"Weird." I mutter to myself and zoom over to the duo. "Hey, what's with the cold shoulder?" I ask and lean forward, peering up under her visor as my tail wags. That usually gets her heart thumping. "Not happy to see your adorable girlfriend?"

"Kitsu, I'm on patrol right now." Missy says curtly and looks away from me.

"And I'm an average citizen." I counter, clasping my hands over my chest. "I'm a defenseless, unsupervised teen girl, all on my lonesome in the dangerous streets of Brockton Bay. Whatever shall I do if some big brute tries to mug me or worse?"

"…" She crosses her arms and turns her head, staring down at me.

"… Won't a cute, blonde, green color themed hero escort me safely as I go about my day?" I bat my eyes, trying to get some sort of reaction. "And make sure I'm safe, secure, and protected?"

This usually works.

"Not now." Missy says sternly. "We can talk later."

"But I'm not free later." I whine and grab her arm, gently shaking it. "Come on~ talk to me."

"I can step away if you want some-" Carlos, being an absolute bro, starts to offer.

"No, we still have to check in at Pearl's Crossing." Missy dismisses, turning away from me and pulling her arm from my grasp.

'This isn't right.' Red alarms start blaring in my head as I start to panic.

"H-hey, is something wrong?" I say, feeling that something is way off. "Vista?"

"Not now." She nearly growls at me. "I'm on the job."

"Is it something I said?" I ask, fixating on what the issue could be.

"We can talk later." Missy says.

"Can you at least tell me what it's about?" I practically beg. "Vista please, don't ignore me!" She starts walking away, and I follow. "H-hey! That's not fair! Come on! I don't ghost you like this."

"Fine!" Missy snaps. "You want to do this now? Then let's do this."

"Woah, what is-" I start to say before a rooftop suddenly bends and warps in front of me. And Missy suddenly grabs my wrist, dragging me onto the roof before warping space back to normal. Putting us several blocks and stories away from the boardwalk. "Hey, this is a bit much for-"

"Shut up!" She turns around on me and yells, making me flinch and fold my ears back at her sudden, harsh tone. "Just… stop talking!"

I go to open my mouth and ask what's wrong. But some part of me manages to think better of it. And so I keep my mouth shut, waiting for her to compose herself as I glimpse what little of her face I can see under her helm grow red.

"Do you know what it's like?" She asks with barely restrained exasperation. "Dating you?"

"… I-I'd like to say it's awesome?" I offer with a weak smile. "B-but I'm guessing that's not-"

"It's a rollercoaster!" She yells, fists balled up at her sides. "And not a fun one! It's a damned emotional rollercoaster without any seatbelts or brakes. One moment you're sweet and considerate and the next it's like I'm a set piece to your life!"

"I-I don't understand." I choke out through my growing anxiety. "You know I love being with you and-"

"You don't respect me!" She stomps her foot. "You make decisions for me and against my wishes!"

"M-Missy, look, I get that I haven't exactly-"

"No!" She yells, pointing an angry finger at me. "You don't get to just bat your eyes, put on a cute pout and talk your way out of this!"

"So you think I'm cute~" I say before kicking myself for the horrible comment. "I'm sorry! I didn't mean that! I use humor to deal with stress."

"Do you?" She sneers, crossing her arms. "Then your life must be more stressful than I could ever imagine."

"What, I don't-" I fail to find the words.

"Because you never take anything seriously!" She shouts. "You invade my privacy, you speak for me when I can do so myself, you're constantly forcing me out of situations against my will. And because you're the only one who treats me like something close to my own person and not a mascot or obligation, I just keep letting you get away with it!"

"W-well, if you wanted to invade my privacy-" I let out a weak chuckle.

"That's not the point!" Her voice cracks. "You have absolutely zero respect for my boundaries!"

"I just want to protect and take care of you!" I defend.

"That's not what I want!" She shouts back. "… And if you can't see that… then you're not what I want either."

"H-hey, you don't mean that." I stutter, reaching out for my girlfriend. Only for her to shrug and turn her back on me. "Why, this, you could've said… Missy this can't be…"

My words fail me as my throat grows tight. Strangled by the overwhelming emotions of the situation.

"… I'm scared, you know that?" She mutters.

"What?" I scoff out in disbelief.

"I've been putting off this conversation for a while." She takes a breath; explaining what she means. "I've been meaning to talk to you about this, but I never did. Because I was scared of what you'd do."

"Missy, you don't think I'd-" I start to say.

"That's what I thought." She turns on me and removes her visor, looking me directly in the eye. "I kept excusing it because I always thought, oh she'd never do anything to ME… but then you did." She says softly, tears welling up in the corners of her eyes. "You snuck up on me, and knocked me out in the middle of a crisis situation."

"I was just-" I try to get a word in, but I can't seem to find my voice over hers.

"It doesn't matter what you were doing!" She yells back at me. "It wasn't your place to do it!"

"… I-I'm sorry." I utter out the only thing I can think to say.

"If you were sorry, you wouldn't need me being mad to say it." She says and puts her visor back on. Turning around, she steps over the roof's ledge onto the building twelve blocks away. In the blink of an eye, the distance snaps back. Leaving me here… alone.

"… So uh, can I get a ride down?" Carlos asks nervously. "… I-I'll just climb. It's fine."

.

.

-Monday, October 25th, 4pm, The Rig-

.

.

Melody POV

.

"Did you hear?" One of scientists recording my strength measurements asks.

"Hear what?" The second asks in return.

Why they need four scientists for a series of standard stress tests? I couldn't tell you-

… My head itches. Now it's gone. Must've been the wind.

"Apparently Kitsu and Vista broke up." The first scientist answers.

"Why on earth, would I care about two teenager's relationship?" I suddenly take a deep interest in their conversation.

"Well, it's literally-" I listen in on the middle aged woman's excuses for filling her loneliness by focusing on the lives of others.

'Missy broke up with Kitsu?' I think to myself, suddenly growing angry as I think about how that idiot could've fumbled the ball with Missy. 'I hope she's as miserable as I am upset at her.'

How the hell do you screw up so much and so badly, that the girl who confessed to you, breaks up with you. And I know it's Missy who broke up with Kitsu. Kitsu's self esteem when it comes to her looks is damn near rock bottom. She's cute, sure, but in the way a little sister or a puppy is cute. She correctly thinks the only people who'd ever be interested in her romantically are pedos and furries.

'Should've cherished her more.' I think bitterly towards the girl who has everything I want, and is somehow fucking it up.

'You don't deserve it.' I think to myself, picturing Kitsu in my head. 'You were handed everything, and worked for nothing. Even when it came to keeping what you have, you always did the bare minimum. You were always wanted, you don't know what it's like to not be wanted. To know that no one wants you because of what you are.'

"Could you separate your arm from yourself?" The head researcher asks over the intercom.

I turn my eyes over to him and give a flat stare as I let my left arm slowly die at the joint. Separating with a wet squelch as it detaches at the ligaments. The appendage drops to the floor, before moving itself around at my command and flipping off the observation deck.

"Excellent. Next I'd like you to try-" And thusly, life goes on.

.

.

-Tuesday, October 26th, 4pm, Secret Location under the Commercial District-

.

.

Ivan "Ebon" Evans POV

.

"This is all sorts of sketch." Talon says from behind me as we wait in a beige walled room, centered with two red leather couches and a dark coffee table between them.

"I mean, so long as he pays us." I can picture Shiv shrugging.

"Try an be profession you two." I glare back at my two idiots. "If nothing else, don't forget, we're in his house. No telling what kind of toys he's got."

"Rather pragmatic of you." I turn back around to see the man of the hour as he walks out of a door on the back wall. "A seat?" He says, gesturing to the couch.

"You first." I tell him, to which he actually obliges with a nod and sits down on the couch opposing me.

"Alright then, Mr. Coil, you got our attentions." I tell the figure cloaked in a skintight black suit across from me, here in his underground bunker as I take a seat after him.

"Yes, picking up from what we've discussed before." He says, crossing one leg over the other and clasping his hands together. "In your short tenure here in this little corner of hell we call home, you've seemed to have managed to run afoul of Brockton's most notorious cape. Rather bad luck I'd say."

"I thought that was Lung?" Talon brings up a good point. "Far as I've seen, all the runt really does is go to school and record herself playing video games."

"I mean, she's a tricky little brat." Shiv says, leaning on the back of the couch as he spins his butterfly knife. "But I wouldn't call her the most notorious."

"We've been out of the loop a few months." I add in. "But I don't see how that's enough time to change the status quo so drastically."

Coil nods empathetically. Humming as he contemplates his next words.

"Allow me to put it this way, Lung fears Kitsu." He says like it's the most casual thing ever. "He's not likely to ever admit it, but if Kitsu ever turned her sights on the dragon, he'd flee the town."

"Bullshit." I call his bluff. "Lung fought an Endbringer on even ground."

"And Kitsu singlehandedly drove one back." He counters. "While she's most famous for her illusions and the cutesy act she puts on, she's also a dynakinetic and nearly invulnerable to all forms of harm that she doesn't expressly allow to occur to herself."

"Why the hell would she let herself get hurt?" Talon asks.

"Maybe she likes it?" Shiv suggests.

"Bruh, she's like, ten." Talon scoffs. "Don't be raro."

"Not being gross." Shiv defends. And then keeps running his mouth. "But if that's where you're going then ten is when I started-"

"Could you two not?" I sigh, looking back to the pair of idiots. "… thank you."

"A rather… charming group you associate with." Coil comments.

"Yeah, we're full of charm, it's why you sought us out." I glare, daring the man to say something else.

"…To enlighten you three, she does it to lower her opponents guard and sometimes even toy with them." Coil wisely continues on. "By letting an attack hit and pretend it causes her more pain than it actually does. She does derive some form of masochistic pleasure from it, but not in that way. Though electricity seems to cause her genuine pain. Other than that, she absorbs most forms of kinetic energy used against her and uses it to power her abilities."

'So Shiv is borderline useless against her.' I mentally contemplate. 'He'll need to take a supporting role in any fights. But you ain't gotta beat someone down to beat them.'

"Has heightened senses and can mold her biology to give herself extra senses." Coil explains. "Not to mention she can manipulate light."

'So I'm fucked.' I keep trying to form a plan of attack for dealing with the runt.

"And is strong enough to casually rip a man's arm off, and beat him to death with it." He finishes up. "As well as fast enough to keep up with Velocity. And no, I'm not done, but I feel I've made my point."

'Above our paygrade, got it.' I realize I've bitten off more than my team can chew.

"So we're in over our heads, good to know." I say and stand up. "If that's the case, we'll cut our losses and head back to Dakota City. We've got a bigger score to settle there anyway. One that's accrued more interest, you understand."

"Are you sure that's wise?" The masked man asks. "Kitsu is known to hold grudges, and is known to skirt around the law and even outright break it to settle her debts."

So the brat's petty. Still, I'm no fool, I can smell ulterior motives and this man reeks like he hasn't washed that tacky suit in years.

"She's got roots here in the bay, what's to say she'll follow us?" Talon asks.

"Perhaps I should enlighten you a bit more." He says and snaps his fingers. Prompting a man in a tux to come out the door he came through, and hand him a laptop.

"Ooh~ fancy." Shiv comments. "How do I get me one?"

"Money." Coil answers and pulls up a feed on the laptop.

It's the brat's PHO account. And the post pulled up features her posing with the hero, Static.

Totally gonna get that autograph today! The caption reads.

"You see, Kitsu is a rather large fan of your old nemesis." Coil tells us.

"Then why's she got beef with the blue boy?" Talon asks. "If she goes goo goo for the kid, why's he out for her blood?"

"Girl's got a point." I follow up, gesturing to the orange feathered case behind me. "From what we saw, the only thing Static wanted was to put her in cuffs."

"This was taken before Kitsu murdered Permafrost." Coil answers.

That makes my heart go cold. No pun intended.

I know of the girl, had a run in a bit back. I'm no saint, but I ain't a heartless bastard and that girl never deserved the shit she went through. Hell, I'd ave taken her in if I thought the crew could help her.

But she needed professional help. It's one of the few things me and the hero agreed on. Peacefully, that is.

But the fact that this brat killed her? I know there's some extenuating shit Coil ain't tell'n me. But that's a cold comfort in the face of how this twerp barely out of diapers is a killer.

If we head home and get back to our usual shit, who's to say she won't follow just to make it up to her crush by stomping us out? Worst case, I know, but I ain't one to risk my people like that.

"… Shit." Shiv mutters for us all.

"Aight, you proved your point." I sit back down. "But that still leaves us with one issue."

"And that would be?" He tilts his head.

"You ain't got no powers." I point out. "How am I s'posed to trust you with my back when I'm doin all the heavy lift'n?"

"A calculated deception told to the wider public at large." The man says cryptically. "Let me ask you this, why would I let a man such as yourself, along with your crew, to see me alone. If I wasn't confident I could protect myself?"

"Maybe yer bat shit?" Shiv shrugs and chuckles.

"… I won't disagree. In this line of work you need to have some level of… instability to get ahead." He says in a measured tone. "But allow me to correct your assumptions of my person." He says and writes down something on a piece of paper, places it face down, then slides it across. "Bear with me here, when I say, flip the paper over." He then pulls out a coin. "Heads, or tails?"

"…" I look back to Talon and Shiv. Talon rolls her eyes and Shiv just shrugs. Looking back to the masked man, I decide to go along with it. "Heads."

Ting

The coin lands back in his hand, and he reveals it to be tails.

"Again." He says.

"Heads." I say.

Second verse, same as the first. The coin flies up and lands on tails.

"Again." He says.

"Tails." I tell him.

Ting

Shink!

"Hahahaha!" Shiv chuckles, having stepped forward and slashed the coin in half midair with his plasma blade. "Sorry boss, I got bored."

"What's a coin trick supposed to prove, eh?" Talon walks up and stands beside the couch I'm seated at. "You wanna waste our time, the least you could do is pay us."

Unfazed, he gestures to the paper in front of me. "Now please flip it over and read."

"Get ready." I say under my breath as I grab the slip and hold it up.

First flip, Ebon chooses heads.

Second flip, Ebon chooses heads.

Third flip, Ebon chooses tails, Shiv gets impatient and cuts the coin mid flip. Talon grows assertive. Talon asks-

"Eh yo, what's it say?" Talon asks.

Ebon reads further before realizing it's now telling the present tense and he'll say-

"You tell the future." I say, tossing the paper down towards Talon. "… Damn. Well that explains a bit at least. Like how you found us."

Talon reaches for the paper, but struggles to pick it up from the table with her mutated hands. I go to pick it up for her, but Shiv beats me to it and reaches across the coffee table to pick it up for her.

"Not quite." He says. "While I forgive you for confusing my abilities as such, the truth is much more aggrandizing."

"Then enlighten me." I lean back in the couch. "What's your power, if not future sight?"

"First, if you'll look at the fallen halves of the coin." He gestures to the table. "You may get a better idea. For you see, I don't predict the future."

I do so. Looking at the table, and notice how both sides of the coin are facing heads up.

"I direct it." He finishes.

My mind races with the implications and possibilities of such a power. Working for someone who can literally make sure a situation goes right? I'd be a fool not to take advantage of that.

"Alright, you got me." I chuff. "So, how's this partnership gonna work?"

"Wait! First!" Shiv interrupts and looks to Coil with a serious expression. "What're the results of the next Super Bowl?"

.

.

-Wednesday, October 27th, 8am, Dallon House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"You need to go to school." Mom says as she throws open the blinds to my room. "I'm not paying for your school fees just so you can laze around and play hooky."

Jokes on her, I already covered my window in blackout film. So all it does is brighten the room a little bit.

"I don't remember saying you could put film over your windows." She says with an accusatory glare towards me.

"You pay for my school fees?" I mumble, avoiding that subject as I turn over in my bed and throw the blanket back over my head. "Thought public schools were free."

"Arcadia is a vocational school." Mom says and taps her foot impatiently. "Now get up. You've sulked in this room long enough."

"Those are paid for by the state as well." I mutter.

I know my stuff.

"That's not the point." She says and throws the blanket off of me once more. "The point is that you're not going to sit in here and stew all day every day like you've been doing."

"Dad gets to do it when he forgets his meds." I grumble as I grab my pillow and press it over the back of my head, muffling the noise and burying my face in my bedsheet.

"Are you asking to be grounded?" Mom says with a sarcastic laugh. "Because you can be. Go on, keep it up."

"Would it let me stay in bed?" I call her bluff.

"No, it'd involve helping Mark with his chores and then making you help out at the homeless shelters and food kitchens." She counters. "But more than that, it'd involve you getting up and going to school. So you might as well do that before I make you do the rest as well."

"… That seems like more effort than it's worth." I say.

"It's effort I'm willing to put in if it gets you up and out of this room." She says and nabs my pillow, pulling it away from me and tossing it at my closet door.

"…" I don't say anything in response, not having a comeback and not bothering to think of one. I just reach a hand out, and use my illusions to lift my blanket back up and over me. Dispelling it and letting the soft fabric fall, covering my world in sweet darkness.

"… Fucking hell." Mom sighs in exasperation before grabbing my blanket and leaving the room with it.

"Hey!" I call out, getting to my hands and knees and reaching out. "That's my only blanket!"

"I'm mailing it to your school!" She shouts back as she stomps down the stairs.

…

'Damnit.' I let out a sigh and slump back down on my stomach, not having the energy to get up. Instead, I just eavesdrop on my parents as they talk about me in the living room.

"I'm guessing she's still not up?" Dad says.

"What tipped you off?" Mom jeers as I hear her toss my blanket at the couch. "I don't know what to do. I let her sit on her feelings for a few days and now she just won't move. I haven't even seen her eat in the last three days."

Aww! She does care, in her own, tiger mom kind of way. The big softie.

Why can't she ever show that kind of concern when in front of me? She's always the tough parent.

"She just had her first breakup." Dad reminds her. "She's depressed, she's going to be in a slump for a while."

…

"She can be in a slump, at school." Mom says with a bitter tone. "Being sad isn't a reason to be unproductive. And letting her do nothing but think on it and wallow in her feelings is doing her no favors."

Wow, she just said that to her chronically depressed husband?

"… Yes, Mark, I'm fully aware of who I'm talking to." She says after a brief pause.

'Ouch. That was colder than Maureen's corpse.' I snicker to myself, but my amusement is short lived. 'And I just made myself sadder.'

Dad sighs and says. "… I'll go talk to her."

"You do that, I'll find a ride to work on my own." Mom passive aggressively mocks.

"I can talk to the kid, or drive you to work." Dad offers her the ultimatum. "Which is it?"

"I'll just call Sarah." Mom sighs and walks towards the front door in a huff.

Am I causing marital issues? Damn… now I kinda feel bad. I mean, not that bad since things have been tense all around ever since Noelle happened. Plus, Mom and Dad usually fight like that often enough as is when there aren't greater issues. I just normally do something to break up the fighting. Usually something that gets them to argue over what I did.

…

"… I miss Kratos." I sigh.

.

.

Mark "Flashbang" Dallon POV

.

I let out a sigh as I lean on Kitsu's doorframe. Spotting the golden blonde haired girl face down on her bed in nothing but an oversized white T-Shirt that reaches her knees.

I would have knocked on her door, if not for the fact that it was left open. And I know she can tell I'm here.

"Hey." I call out and give the doorframe a quick knock with my knuckle.

"…rm." Is her muted response.

"She lives." I say with an airy tone as I push off the frame.

Walking across the floor, stepping over discarded clothes and stuffed animals. Sighing, I ignore the click in my knees as I sit down on the edge of her bed. My back right to her.

"… old." She mutters into her sheet.

"Yeah, I know." I groan and turn my neck, letting it pop a few times and getting rid of the stiffness. Having gotten that out of the way, I let the silence sit for a bit. Looking back at the girl behind me.

Sighing, I shake my head and turn my gaze to the floor.

'I'm not cut out for this.' I think to myself. 'How the hell do I comfort a teen girl who just went through her first breakup?'

Well, I can do what I did when Vicky… oh. I didn't do anything when Vicky had her first breakup. And Amy's never really dated until recently, even then she's never really gone on any second dates.

'… Fuck it, sink or swim, Mark. Third one's the charm.' I tell myself. 'Can't make it worse now, can you?'

"You've been in here for a while." I start off.

"…" She doesn't even bother to respond to that one.

"Haven't gone out, haven't streamed, haven't eaten." I list off. "At this point I'm starting to think you're trying to become an inanimate object… or a vegetable."

"Would if I could." She mumbles.

"Yeah, you make a good potato." I joke. "Which ones the yellow kind? The small ones that come in a bag, they're usually next to the red ones."

"Potatoes are tubers." She mutters. "Not vegetables."

"They are?" I ask. "Didn't know they were cool like that."

"What?" She looks up, having finally moved her head away from being face down in her bed.

"You said they were tubular." I look back and smile. Holding in a laugh as she gives me the look all women are born knowing. The look they give that screams, are you dumb? So, I hold a fist up, pinky and pointer finger out. "Radical bruh."

I laugh as she puffs out her cheeks and slaps me on the back. Not appreciating my comedic genius for its truest worth.

"You know, that's the most active you've been in the last few days." I tell her as I calm down from my laughing fit.

"Yeah?" She mumbles as I see her pillow float up and move around her room, landing on her head behind me.

"… You really should try to get up and get back out there." I tell her. I wait for a response , but don't get one. "I know it's not easy, what happened."

"You never had anyone break up with you." She spits out bitterly.

"How do you know?" I scoff.

"Didn't you and mom start dating at sixteen?"

"And you're thirteen." I point out. "Your mother wasn't the first woman I dated."

"And the control freak with paranoia and trust issues is what you landed on?" She says, though I can tell she's just trying to get under my skin.

"Hey, I got a hot blonde to tie the knot with me." I boast. "And not only is she a super successful and wealthy lawyer, she's got banging bod that still drives me-"

"Ew!" Kitsu shouts and slaps me over the back of my head with her pillow. "Shut up! I live with her!"

"Yeah, and I sleep with her!" I laugh at her outburst. Looking back as she relentlessly assaults me with the cotton filled fabric. "What's your point?"

"AH!" She slaps me harder before suddenly relenting with a pout and plopping back down. Now using the deadly weapon of mass comfort to bury her own head from sight.

"… It's hard, it feels like you'll never find someone like her again." I say as I place a hand on her shoulder and gently rub. "But you're still young, you'll find someone new."

"She was the only person who ever liked me." Kitsu mutters.

"I like you." I say with mockingly hurt tone.

"Not like that." She grumbles, turning her head away. "She actually like liked me. You like me because you see me as a facsimile of the daughter you always wanted to raise."

"That's not true." I tell her, even if it hurts to know she thinks that. "I love you for the adorable little gremlin you are. Not for what role you play in my life."

It hurts even more to hear her say that because… there is some truth to it. And denying it feels like lying.

"You know that's not what I mean." She mumbles. "She was there, and she wanted me for me. And me being me drove her off."

Ouch, okay, that's not something I can really address.

"There'll be others." I tell her.

"No there won't." She grumbles. "No one else liked me the way she did."

"I'm pretty sure Ben would stab someone for the chance to-" I begin to suggest.

"Ben is a kid!" She shoots up and stares me down. "He's like three years younger than me!"

"Hey, you're the one being all mopey about being single!" I throw my hands up in my defense. "I'm just giving you options. Not my fault you keep adding conditions."

Not that I'm trying to get her to date anyone. But poking her buttons and getting her up is better than letting her waste away in here.

"Maybe in six years, I'll think about maybe going out with Ben." She huffs and crosses her arms over her chest. Sitting back on her heels as she turns her nose up in the air. "A child like him wouldn't know how to handle a woman like me."

"You're a child." I point out.

"Kindly go and excuse yourself." She huffs and places a hand on her chest. "I am a lady, thank you very much."

"I'm just saying, you're not as out of options as you seem to think." I gently explain. "And you're not as unattractive as you seem to believe."

"I don't think I'm ugly!" She gets up and whacks me with the pillow. "I'm adorable and I know it!"

"You know what I mean." I say softly.

That makes her pause and think quietly to herself. Slowly unfolding and refolding her legs. Sitting crisscross, she hugs the pillow and wraps her tail around the front. Ears splayed back as she buries the lower half of her face into the fabric.

Kitsu is… oddly lacking in self confidence when it comes to certain things. Namely her self image and how she believes people view her. I guess it'd be easier to say she's insecure about her appearance.

Despite her assertion that she is aging, I don't see any real difference in her as compared to when we first met. She's supposed to be thirteen and yet, take away her ears, she's a foot shorter than any girl her age that I've ever seen. And maybe it's just my age showing, but she looks like she should be given juice boxes and not walking to high school on her own. Doesn't help that she plays on her looks a lot to get away with certain things.

Even take away how she's cursed with youthful looks. There's the fact that she's a Case 53. It's no secret that society is not kind to them as a whole. Kitsu does get less of the discrimination aimed at her due to her mutations being more tame than others, and even giving her pretty privilege. But that comes with its own issues. One can only imagine the self image issues that come with always being on the receiving end of derogatory statements that she's no doubt heard.

"Kitsu, you are a smart, adorable, and beautiful young girl." I tell her, and though she tries to look like she's ignoring me, she's betrayed by the way her ears perk up when I say beautiful. "Missy breaking up with you, that was her choice. I'm not going to sit and speculate why that is-"

"She said I constantly disrespect her boundaries and never reflect on anything I do wrong." Kitsu answers, derailing my train of thought. "That I constantly do things I'm not supposed to and only apologize if I'm getting in trouble for it."

'… Shit. That's… how do I say she isn't wrong without making this worse?' I think to myself.

"And if she's not okay with that, then it's on her." I tell her. "But if it's something you want to change about yourself then that's a different story. And we can talk about that too if you want."

"… I just want Missy back." She shakily sighs, her voice telling me she's on the verge of tears.

It's jarring to see Kitsu like this. She isn't one to normally get sad or depressed over these kinds if things. Her default emotion when upset is usually anger, but I guess that doesn't really apply here.

"For as smart as you are, you're pretty dumb with certain things." I chuckle. "And I don't just mean the dumb things you think are funny."

"If you're trying to make me feel better." Kitsu's voice shakes a bit as she talks. "You're doing a pretty bad job at it."

"I know." I let out a sigh. "Unfortunately for you though, I'm the most qualified person for the job that you've got."

"… This place's mental health program sucks." She grumbles and buries her face deeper into the pillow.

Don't I know it.

"There's always going to be things in life that you can't control." I tell her. "This is just one of those things, Kitsu. I'm sorry to say it, but it needs to be said. No matter how much you may want it, what happened is done and over with. There's no use sitting and thinking on what you could've done." I decide I might as well get to the point. "No, you just have to look ahead and ask what you're going to do now. Are you going to get better, or sit in the past while everyone else moves on?"

"Get… better?" I hear her mutter.

"You can choose to stay in here, but you need to face the music eventually." I continue. "And the longer you wait, the harder it's going to be when you're eventually forced to."

"You're right." She says.

"I am." I say caught off guard; my tone somewhere between a question and a statement.

"I need to get out there and figure out what I need to do!" She suddenly shoots up.

"That's the spirit!" I turn back and smile at her. Surprised that I actually managed to get through to the depressed little fox.

"I just need to find a way to get Missy to forgive me and take me back!" She declares.

'Uh oh.' I feel my elation and sense of accomplishment turn itself on its head.

"That's not-"

"I got it!" She gets up and grabs my hand. Pulling on me and eventually pushing me out of her room. "No peeping toms! I need to get dressed and get to school, I'm going to get Missy to take me back and to do that I need to figure out exactly what she hates about me so I can fix it!"

"That is not-" I go to correct her on her very skewed line of thinking, but Kitsu slams the door behind me as soon as I'm past the bounds of her room. "… This… huh."

I mean, so long as she doesn't do anything illegal. Then it shouldn't be an issue, right? And besides, I got her to get up and get ready for school!

"… I am not qualified for this type of drama." I pinch the bridge of my nose and sigh.

.

.

-Later that day, 6pm, The Rig-

.

.

Melody POV

.

Tic, Tic, Tic, Tic, Tic

'Did they have to put an analog clock in this room?' I glare at the timekeeping device on the wall. 'This has to be a form of psychological torture.'

Krsshh

The door opens and I put my cheery act back on. Ready to annoy and eavesdrop on the scientists again today. It's one of my favorite pastimes.

"Morning doctor!" I hop up off my bed with a smile. "Time for your daily get paid to molest the little girl time or- you're not Carl."

"No." Assault says as he walks into the room and closes the door behind him. "But now I have questions."

"Ugh, you and every other confused liberal." I scoff and lay back down on my bed.

"Not… sure how to take that. If I'm being completely honest." He mutters, inviting himself to take a chair and place it in front of me. Sitting backwards on it and resting his arms on the back.

"Take it up the butt." I shrug and begin morphing a bit of biomass into the shape of a thin triangle at the tip of my fingernail before modifying its chemical organic makeup.

Crunch

And start nomming on the Dorito flavored finger nail.

"What are you-" He starts to ask.

"I'm using biokinesis to recreate the organic chemical makeup of the food." I answer and break off a fresh Dorito nail, holding out the chip to the energy manipulator. "Want one?"

"… Isn't that… technically your flesh?" He points out.

"It's someone's flesh." I shrug and toss the chip into my mouth. "Not like there's much else to do."

At least not without getting foamed. Don't get me wrong, I could easily break out of here no problem. I just… don't really have a reason to. Not like there's anything for me to go to. Maybe if I catch word of a music festival, I'll check myself out of hotel PRT.

"Well, in that case I have the perfect solution-"

"I'm not being your mascot, you have M-Vista for that." I shoot him down.

"I wouldn't use the word mascot." He rolls his eyes.

I couldn't see his eyes. But I know he rolled them.

"And Nazi's wouldn't use the word Genocide." I counter. "But let's call a spade a spade. The PRT wants to control me and failing that, get rid of me. Sending you in here as the nice cop isn't making that any less unclear."

"… Then you know they can't let you out." Assault says solemnly. "At best, you'll be stuck in this room… forever."

"I can break out at any time I want, Ethan." I counter and stomp a foot to the ground; transforming it to resemble something more draconic than human as I crack the tiles.

"So then why don't you?" He asks.

"…" I stare him down, or I try to. Hard to stare someone down when you're barely four feet.

Deciding I'm done with this conversation, I whip my tail around. Aiming the point for his neck, I stop just short of impaling his throat and let the threat hang there. Rather than take the hint, the idiot doesn't even flinch. Leading to a long moment where I just stare at my twisted reflection in his visor.

'That's not you.' I feel my mind scream at me, even as the horned girl blinks in tandem with me. 'That's who you're forced to be.'

I'm seconds away from smashing the visor, if for no other reason than to show I'm serious. When Assault reaches up and takes off his helmet. Now staring into his brown eyes, I… I just don't have it in me to really care anymore. letting my tail fall and looking away from him.

"Get out." I mutter, pulling my legs up and grabbing the edges of my covers and wrapping them around me.

"Come on, Melody." He says and kneels down in front of me. "You can stop being stubborn. I know you're-"

"Don't pretend you know me." I snarl, barring my sharpened teeth and turning my eyes red.

"I'm not, but I know someone a lot like you." He says. "And a long time ago, there was a point where I thought we could be friends."

"Why are you still here?" I ask, not caring for his attempts to butter me up. "Is creeping in little girls' rooms just something you're into now? I haven't seen Battery in a while, she finally divorce you?"

"I'd like to try and be your friend, Melody." Ethan offers, holding out a hand to me; ignoring my attempts to piss him off. "Just give me a chance to help you."

"… ptoo!" I spit on his hand.

"… That's not a no." He smirks, then wipes the hand on my blanket.

"EW!" I shout and kick him, to absolutely no effect. "Stop! That's my only blanket!"

.

.

-Friday, October 29th, 7am, Boardwalk-

.

.

"In the wake of the attack on the slums and the casualties suffered." Miss Militia tells the gathered crowd. "The PRT has decided to pledge its local reserve forces to aid in the cleanup. With plans to assist in any future reconstruction."

"What about the rising homeless population?" One reporter asks. "How are those displaced by this tragedy supposed to continue on?"

"Unfortunately I am unqualified to answer that." Miss Militia says. "The PRT has no involvement in the housing sector, such questions would be best directed to mayor Christener's administration. Next question?"

"What about the deaths of the capes involved in the fighting?" Another man asks. "Many capes, PRT and New Wave, haven't been seen since the incident."

"Many individuals yet to be found are those with enhanced physiology, so we maintain hope that they can be still be found. However, without any bodies, we cannot confirm or deny any cape casualties. Even more so considering the mover, Nightcrawler, was involved in the incident, we are holding out hope that he managed to flee with any missing persons." She continues. "Unfortunately, many clean up attempts have been hindered or halted. By opportunistic criminal entities seeking to take advantage of the chaos."

"Isn't Nightcrawler a villain with a criminal record?" Another reporter asks.

"Nightcrawler has a colorful past, yes." Militia nods. "However, he is more accurately described as a rogue. A hired mercenary, and he was operating freely to assist in the crisis. If he had any ill intent, he'd not have risked his life as he did. No further questions on the matter."

"What about the rumors claiming that many of the villains who were supposed to be locked up in the Birdcage being spotted around North America!?" A scrawny reporter asks. "Is there any truth to these rumors, and if so, what is the PRT in Brockton going to do about it?"

"The rumors are as of yet unconfirmed and a thorough investigation is underway to account for every villain sentenced to the Bauman Parahuman Containment Facility." Militia said, technically not lying. "As for what we intend to do should they be true? Brockton Bay has extended its cape program, and is actively recruiting. Now offering training and a three month salary advance for any capes interested in helping keep their city safe. Outside of recruitment and increasing patrols however, there is little that can be done for simple rumors."

The rest of the press conference went much the same. With Miss Militia answering the planted reporter's questions, and even a few of the normal ones. When finally it came time for the big reveal.

'Here's hoping for the best.' She thinks to herself. 'Because none of us are prepared for the worst.'

"And now, to wrap up this address, we'd like to officially debut our newest Ward!" Miss Militia announces to the crowd of reporters and attendees.

Before she could give her the cue and announce her name. The newest Ward had taken the initiative and beaten Miss Militia to the punch.

Strutting out onto the stage, was a short girl with black hair that reaches down to her shoulders. Dressed in a stylized blue and black dress with yellow accents. Black boots with yellow shin guards and dark blue leggings. A black cowl around her neck extending into two scarf ends that reach down to her knees and finally, a black domino mask around her green eyes to complete the look. Giving the crowd a twirl to show off the outfit and playfully lean on one foot as she reaches out, stretching her arm twice the length like it was made of rubber; she snatches Miss Militia's mic and snaps her arm back to normal length.

"You can call me Anansi!" She announces with a smile and strikes a pose. "I may be little, but I can do big things!"

"That is not the name you were given." Miss Militia whispers out the side of her mouth.

"Tell that to Clockblocker." She looked up and gave the older hero a smug look. "Besides, Miss Shape was dumb."

Assault came up with the name.

.

.

-Meanwhile, Dallon House-

.

.

Kitsu POV

.

"…" I stare at the TV and watch as the camera zooms in on the girl's smiling face. And I watch her brown eyes briefly flash purple. "… That's it!" I stand up and start marching towards my room. "I'm coming out of retirement!"

No way in hell am I letting my knockoff get closer to Missy while she's available- I mean, emotionally vulnerable!

"Kitsu!" Mom shouts back. "You don't get to just come in and out of retirement at the drop of a hat!"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bonus

.

.

Director Emily Piggot POV

.

"The brainwave scans all register the same as the baseline subject." Head Reseacher Jamez says, going through the papers. "If not for the auditory and olfactory cortex being significantly less complex, being more comparable to a baseline human. On top of the occipital lobe being twice as dense in neuron activity, which is borderline absurd given the original's already heightened visual capacity."

He rambles off, and though I don't understand entirely. I know enough to get the gist. Her brain is the same, barring the differences that one would expect from the changes in physiology.

"What is your conclusion?" I ask the shorter black man.

"Honestly?" He lets out a sigh and tosses the document on my desk. "If there's some mental compulsion in her that compels her to act certain ways, I can't find it. All parts of her brain that influence personality are damn near the same as the baseline subject. Amygdala is deformed in the same way, Hypothalamus is actual more normal than the baseline subject, Hippocampus is identical, if a bit smaller. Though, her prefrontal cortex is showing reduced activity."

"And that means?"

"Compared to the other centers?" He prompts. "Could be a natural result of her altered physiology, or it's the early signs the she's developing chronic depression disorder."

'Depression is a dangerous thing in an S class cape.' I think to myself. 'Best case scenario, she wallows in despair and just remains idle. But she's still technically human, and if I know anything about people it's that they rarely ever commit to idleness.'

We could be lucky and end up with a completely self neutralized entity. But I don't believe in luck, only preparation and opportunity.

Speaking of, there's another issue on my desk. On every director's desk.

[Class 5 top secret]

[Birdcage inmate report: 28 inmates accounted. 759 missing]

[On Friday, September 4th at approximately 9pm, the birdcage's spatial perimeter sensors detected an anomaly. In attempts to handle the disturbance, all external security measures activated at once to distort space and rearrange nearby topography in order to hinder the attempted breach. At approximately 9:05 pm, 300 inmate collars went dark, at 9:06 pm, Dragon went to investigate the anomaly. Initial evidence pointed towards mass violence. At 9:08 pm, Dragon confirmed that all but 28 inmates were missing from the Baumann Parahuman Containment Center. All collars offline, all unaccounted for inmates are believed to have escaped with the assistance of Ivan "Ebon" Evans using his umbra-kinesis based portals in tandem with abilities used by Glaistig Uaine. Bypassing 98% of the Contaiment Center's security surveillance measures.]

"Tell me, Jamez, do we have a way of permanently neutralizing the subject?" I ask the head researcher.

As expected, he already had an answer for me.

"Maybe if we had a few nuclear warheads laying around." He scoffed. "As it stands, she endlessly regenerates from any damage she receives. And the more severe the damage, the faster she regenerates. Stab her, it heals in a minute. Cut her arm off, it grows back in thirty seconds."

"What about her brain?" I ask.

"High focus pinpoint laser to the back of her head when she wasn't looking." He says. "Suffered no neurological damage or mental impairment. Didn't even show signs of confusion."

So she's just shy of invulnerable. And a stone's throw from being as immortal as Kitsu.

"Hmm…"

"You have a plan?" He asks.

"That's none of your concern." I tell him. "You're dismissed."

She's going to become active at some point. The difference is whether or not we're prepared for her to find something to do. Rather than risk utter chaos on waiting to see what she'll do, I believe it's possible to make use of her by being proactive and giving her something to do. It'll be a gamble, but with the clone wave, thousands dead or missing, the Empire's power vacuum and having just barely avoiding another Boston Games. Not even counting the Slaughterhouse Nine's end. We are stretched dangerously thin and running on fumes.

The city budget is already triple its overall yearly income in the collateral clean up costs alone. That's not even accounting for the loss of life, infrastructure, or industry. We cannot handle another event. Brockton will collapse if preparations are not made.

Looking down at the subject's, at Melody's, case file. I can't help but lament how desperate I'm getting. That I'd actually consider what I'm about to do.

"Preparation… and opportunity." I tell myself.

.

.

.

A/N

It was… honestly, disturbingly easy to find out exactly what state Crystal's body would be in on an October night on the east coast after 1 to 2 hours.

.

Carol's comment on it not being a full moon. Yes I googled what phase the moon was in on Tuesday October 19 2010.

October 22, 2010 is a full moon.

.

Anansi- African/Caribbean spider trickster god.

.

More comments! I want them all! Every one of them! Especially speculation, I love speculative comments.

Fuel me my NOOBIANS!

.

Find me in my channel, newb's-grotto, on the discord.

Link to the discord: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Nicolette, Dracoss, Biscoff and 36 others
Newb to the game
Aug 21, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
4
 
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
EurasianHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Achieving World Domination as Victoria Dallon! (Worm SI!Vicky)
Eurasian Jun 28, 2026 Words: 169k 1 ... 22 23 24 evil mc self-insert victoria dallon
Replies693
Views111K
Today at 10:54
22darthvad
Chastity
 [NSFW] Getting A Harem Is So Gallant (Worm, Mind Control)
Chastity Wednesday at 09:45 Words: 7.4k 1 2 amy dallon harem mind control
Replies36
Views12K
Today at 13:27
MagnificentMind
MagnificentMind
Hoden
[NSFW] A Different Dallon
Hoden Feb 12, 2026 Words: 32k 1 2 3 4 5 incest male protag maledom
Replies145
Views63K
Apr 20, 2026
The_Woolgatherer
The_Woolgatherer
EliXiR_
[NSFW] Roulette (A Worm/Gacha Fic)
EliXiR_ Jun 9, 2026 Words: 7.4k 1 2 chaos gacha harem miss militia / hannah washington
Replies44
Views10K
Jun 19, 2026
Isebas
Isebas
OnAHiatus
 [NSFW] Parasyte X Worm (An Alt-Taylor Fic)
OnAHiatus Aug 22, 2026 Words: 2.8k 1 2 all the body horror amy dallon parasite
Replies48
Views2K
Yesterday at 16:48
OnAHiatus
OnAHiatus
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit