Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] God's Blessing on this IRL Dungeon! (Konosuba)
 Thread starterBoringBone  Start dateSep 3, 2024  Tagsgamer fic harem kono subarashii sekai ni shukufuku wo! konosuba lewds weak to strong protag
God's Blessing on this IRL Dungeon! (Konosuba)
Created
Sep 3, 2024
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
2,184
Recent readers
0
Threadmarks
199
Kazuma is on his way home after buying a new video game that came out, when he sees a floating door in the middle of the city. When he opens the door, he sees a dungeon inside filled with monsters and other staple RPG elements. A mysterious app also appears on his phone showing his 'Stats'. This is every otaku's dream come true!
Last edited: Sep 3, 2024
Threadmarks Index Extras
Statistics (86 threadmarks, 685k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
Chapter 1: Blessing this NEET with a Dungeon Crawling Adventure!
Words 8.3k
Sep 3, 2024
Chapter 2: Blessing This Goddess With A Shopping Trip!
Words 8.1k
Sep 3, 2024
New
Chapter 83: Blessings on this Idol Sleepover!
Words 7.5k
Jul 18, 2026
New
Chapter 84: Challenging This Final Boss!
Words 7.7k
Aug 6, 2026
New
Chapter 85: Blessing These Heroes With A Conquered Dungeon!
Words 7.2k
Aug 22, 2026
1
2
3
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 1: Blessing this NEET with a Dungeon Crawling Adventure!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#1
Chapter 1: Blessing this NEET with a Dungeon Crawling Adventure!

Part 1

As a NEET, it was a rare occasion for me to leave my home.

I'd rather stay in the comfort of my home and play games than go outside.

The only reason I'd go outside is if there was some new game out, or if there was rare merchandise that I could only buy in person.

That day, there was a new game out called 'Myriad Swords 2'. The first fifty people who bought a copy of the game received exclusive merch.

I braved the terrors of the outside world, caught a train to the city and purchased the game.

In a good mood, I headed home while clutching the purchase close to my chest.

That was when I saw it.

A floating door in the middle of the street. It was hard to miss.

Yet, no one seemed to notice it.

I watched a woman walking straight towards the door. She walked through the door as if it wasn't there.

"..."

Curiosity got the better of me. I walked up to the door and held my hand out to it. Unlike what happened to the woman, my hand didn't go through the door. I felt it, solid wood against my hand, as well as the cold steel of the handle.

Giving the handle a turn, the door even opened. Peering inside, I saw a long corridor, one with stone walls and torches all along it. The sight wouldn't be amiss in some dungeon crawling RPG.

"Finally, my time has come…!"

Instead of panicking, I stepped into the door.

This is that kind of development, isn't it?

A scenario where an RPG dungeon appears in the real world… An inversion of those isekai where one gets hit by a truck and is sent to another world to fight a Demon King.

"Fufu… I knew I was special…"

If this is something like a dungeon that only I can access, then that means that I was some kind of 'chosen one', right?

That's how the plot of these things normally go.

With these thoughts in my head, I went inside the long corridor with my heart beating in my chest.

The door remained open, so I didn't have to worry about being locked in. With those worries out of my mind, I explored this secret dungeon…

"[Status]...! [Menu]...! [Order]...! Eh? That's weird… That usually works in those light novels…"

I tried saying aloud the cliched commands to bring up the status screen, but nothing happened.

After walking for a bit, the corridor led to another one to the right. I took a turn and kept my eyes peeled for any monsters or treasures.

As I kept walking, my legs started to get tired. Without regular exercise, my lack of endurance started to show itself. If I knew that I'd end up in this kind of amazing scenario, I would have spent more time exercising, instead of playing games all day.

Just when I was wondering if nothing was going to happen, I turned a corner and saw a stereotypical RPG mob in front of me. It was a goblin.

"Ohhh! There it is! Goblin-san, I'm such a huge fan…!"

Seeing one of the most iconic and common RPG monsters out there, I couldn't help the fanboy in me.

I almost wanted to ask it to sign an autograph for me.

However, the goblin seemed to have other things in mind. It drew a short sword from its belt and charged straight at me.

"Gobu…!"

With its short sword held out, it didn't hesitate trying to tear my guts out.

"What the hell?!"

I barely dodged to the side, my back hitting the wall.

"Huh?! Isn't this weird?! I'm already getting a monster encounter and I don't even have a weapon yet?! Isn't there supposed to be some beautiful goddess who gives me a cheat weapon or an ability?!"

My words went unheard, as the goblin charged at me again. I dodged away in time once more. This time, it was the goblin's turn to smack against the wall.

The goblin recovered and turned around. It opened its mouth, revealing its intimidating rows of sharp teeth.

"Gobuuu!"

It let out a shrill battle cry that almost made me wet my pants.

I looked around, looking for some kind of weapon to beat this goblin. My eyes settled on one of the torches on the wall. I took it out and in the same motion, smacked the goblin in the face with the torch.

"Gobu...?!"

It let out a pained yelp as the fiery torch hit it right on the face. While it was dealing with its burns, I kept smacking it on the head with the torch. The fire eventually went out, but the repeated smacks on the head made the goblin fall backwards.

I dropped the torch, slumping against the wall as I caught my breath. I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket. Checking my phone, I saw an unfamiliar app I had no memories of installing.

When I examined the app, I saw that it was called 'Adventurer's Card'.

There was a dialogue box on the screen when I opened the app. It said,

You are now Level 1! You can now choose a class!

The weird app aside, the presence of levels and classes confirmed that there were RPG mechanics in this dungeon…

Even though they didn't give me any starting gear, this dungeon seemed to follow the classic RPG tropes.

Feeling emotional that this was happening to me, I got excited about choosing a class and customizing my own, real-life character build.

Since I've always dreamed of using magic, I wanted to choose a spellcaster class.

When I looked at the options available to me, however…

There are four classes available based on your stats, personality and potential! Available classes: Adventurer, Merchant, NEET, Pervert.

Why the hell is 'NEET' a class?!

Don't even get me started on 'Pervert'...!

As for the other classes… Merchant wasn't even a combat class, while Adventurer sounds like a generic class reserved for NPCs.

"...For now I guess I'll choose adventurer."

Maybe it's one of those things where you can unlock more advanced classes as you level up, I thought.

I noticed that there was another notification aside from the one requesting me to choose a class. I swiped down and selected the next notification.

You have unlocked the skill [Improvised Weapon] during combat!

[Improvised Weapon] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are proficient in using improvised weapons. You gain 10% weapon accuracy when using weapons you haven't equipped from your inventory.

I read through the skill description. It mentioned things like equipping items and inventory… Did that mean that I had an inventory box to store items in?!

After reading through the notifications, I checked the app itself and saw that there were several categories to choose from, 'Skills', 'Stats', 'Inventory', 'Quests' and 'Bonds'.

I tapped on 'Inventory' first and a dialogue box popped out on the screen again.

You can store items you find in your adventure here! Based on your current 'Strength' stat, your inventory space is limited to four items!

It was basically telling me that I was a weakling.

The app told me that if I wanted to store an item in my inventory, I had to place the item above my phone and press the 'Store' button on the app. To test it out, I grabbed the short sword the dead goblin wielded and held it above my phone, then pressed 'Store'.

The short sword disappeared and one of the inventory slots now had a short sword icon in it. Tapping on the item revealed three options, 'Equip', 'Sell' and 'Drop'. I pressed 'Equip'. The short sword instantly appeared in my hand again.

I searched the goblin for more items, but it didn't have anything else. Once I got a closer look at it, I saw the horribly burned and disfigured face I gave it, courtesy of the torch. Since it looked like a human and was the size of a human child, I felt sick seeing the damage I caused.

There was also the fact that I technically killed it.

I felt a bit bad for it, but seeing that it was a monster that attacked me first, I didn't feel like mourning for it.

The other options in the app looked interesting, but I didn't want to just stand around in this dungeon reading the app, potentially opening myself for ambush while my attention was occupied.

I turned around and headed back to the entrance, choosing to familiarize myself with the 'Adventurer's Card' app before heading deeper into the dungeon.

There was also the matter of finding out what exactly the dungeon was before continuing to explore it.

Part 2

"Kazuma, you got back pretty late… Normally we always find you in your room, hunched over your computer when we get home…"

My father, Kazuya, said this when I arrived home after exploring the dungeon. When I closed the dungeon door, it remained fixated there in the middle of the road. I watched it for a while, but it didn't disappear. Cars and people phased through it, like it was just a projection.

It was rare for both of my parents to come home at a reasonable hour, since they were both corporate slaves. Reiko, my mother, as well as my brother, Kazuto, were all in the dining room, eating dinner.

"I brought your dinner to your room, since you always like to eat there… Would you like me to bring it down?"

My mother said, not realizing how painful her words were to me.

"...I can eat in my room, thanks."

I said, going up the stairs to my room, so I could play around with the app.

"...Do you think he went out to hang out with some friends? P-Perhaps even a girlfriend?"

I heard Kazuto scoff at that. He said,

"Don't delude yourself. Nii-san was probably out buying some game and lost track of time."

…Even if what he said is mostly true, that brat of a brother of mine still needs a smack to the face!

I left before I heard them start talking about how much of a loser NEET I was.

Shutting myself into my room, I changed out of my clothes and slid under the blankets of my bed, taking out my phone and launching the app.

I didn't notice before, but the loading screen of the app had a looping animation of a chibi girl with blue hair. The animated chibi danced while waving a couple of fans around.

When the app launched, I saw the categories from before, 'Skills', 'Stats', 'Inventory', 'Quests' and 'Bonds'.

I already knew what was in 'Skills' and 'Inventory', so I checked 'Stats'.

Your stats are divided into 'Physical', 'Mental' and 'Intangibles'!

I checked 'Physical' first. The stats were further divided into 'Strength', 'Stamina', 'Speed', 'Dexterity', 'Health' and 'Attractiveness'.

They were pretty self-explanatory, as confirmed by their descriptions. What was concerning was that I scored pretty low in all categories.

"...Why does it have to reflect my actual abilities?! At least give me the option to customize!"

With the point average of 40, all of my physical stats were described by the app as 'Below Average'.

Even 'Attractiveness' is below average, huh…?

Why is that stat even in there?!

Feeling depressed by my disappointing physical stats, I moved over to 'Mental'.

"...At least this seems a bit better."

The stats in 'Mental' were 'Intelligence', 'Intuition', 'Faith', 'Magic Power', 'Mana Capacity' and 'Creativity'.

My stats in 'Intelligence' 'Intuition' and 'Creativity' were all at 60, while 'Magic Power' and 'Mana Capacity' were all at 30. Faith was a low 10.

"I guess my dreams of becoming a magic user are over…"

I started sulking when I saw my low magic stats.

The last category, 'Intangibles' surprised me because of one stat in particular.

"Huh? My 'Luck' is this high? It doesn't feel like it, though?! Well, I do always win in rock, paper, scissors… And my RNG when it comes to getting rare loot in games is always godlike…"

After contemplating about why I'd have a high luck stat, I looked at the rest of the stats in the 'Intangibles' category.

There was 'Charisma', 'Willpower', 'Potential', 'Cunning', 'Bravery' and 'Luck'.

'Luck' had an outstanding '90' rating, while 'Cunning' was also pretty high at '70', making it my second highest stat. However, everything else in the category was pretty low. 'Charisma', 'Willpower' and 'Bravery' were at 20 each, while Potential was a 10.

"...No wonder I only had those useless classes available to me."

I said, while looking over at my stats, which were suited towards a Merchant class rather than an actual combat class.

Since my top stats were in 'Luck', 'Cunning', 'Intelligence', 'Intuition' and 'Creativity', I would have made quite a good Merchant.

…Rather, if there's such a thing as a Merchant class, does that mean that there were NPCs or even other players I could sell to in the future?

If this ended up being a solo-player dungeon, then the Merchant class is truly worthless.

After checking the 'Stats' category, I checked the 'Quest' category next, only to see that it was empty. The only one left was 'Bonds'. I checked it and saw that 'Satou family' was listed as a bond. Furthermore, it was listed as 'Rank 1'.

Bonds

Satou Family, Rank: 1

At Rank 1, your family will barely tolerate your social status as a 'NEET'. If you disgrace the family, they will immediately disown you and wipe your name from the family register. Your brother is ashamed of you and pretends that he is an only child at school. If you mention wanting a non-blood related step sister again, your parents might beat you to death.

…That was easily the most depressing thing I've ever read.

I closed the app after checking out all the features. After that, I went online and searched for any similar stories of people finding floating doors that lead to dungeons.

After sifting through some very generic web novels and obvious trolls, I came upon a post on a message board, one that claimed they experienced the same thing.

Clicking on the post and reading through it convinced me that this person came upon the same dungeon, or at least a similar one to the one I saw.

…The only problem was that there was one thing that made me think that the author was making it all up.

After discovering the hidden door and exploring the dungeon, I, Megumin, found another hidden door next to my school! The door led to a dark room and inside it, there was a beautiful dark goddess named Wolbach… This Wolbach offered to teach me the most powerful attack magic of all… Explosion magic! Since I unlocked the prestigious Arch-Wizard class, I was able to learn this skill, using up all the abundant amount of skill points I started with…!

The post was filled with random chuunibyou ramblings, making it hard to believe.

Although there were the similarities of a hidden door that led to a dungeon, this person with the weird username 'Megumin' also talked about a dark goddess named Wolbach.

Not only did I not encounter any such beautiful goddesses, I had to learn skills on my own. Not to mention, I didn't even have any starter equipment…!

Even though I thought that this 'Megumin' was some brat who was uploading their cringey fanfiction online, I sent them a friend request anyway. If they were actually someone who encountered the same dungeon I did, I wanted to have a way to stay in contact with them.

After doing some more research, I took a shower then went to bed. Just before sleeping, I thought about all the adventures I'd have in the future.

Life was boring until I discovered the hidden dungeon. Playing games all day was fun and all, but it was hardly fulfilling. Now, I had something to spend my time on.

Part 3

"Huh?! Kazuma, why are you up so early?! Could it be… Are you going to school?!"

"No way."

When my parents saw me waking up early in the morning and going down for breakfast, they couldn't believe their eyes.

Kazuto stared at me while sipping his miso soup.

"...Don't get your hopes up. I bet nii-san just wants to watch an early morning, mahou shoujo anime aimed at little girls."

"If I wanted to watch the newest episode of 'Lolicure', I'd just record it the night before…!"

This brat Kazuto had been mouthing off to me lately. I should teach him a lesson one of these days…

I left the house before they could start asking me any more questions. Since my bond with my family was only listed at 'Rank 1', I figured that I'd also try to join them for breakfast and increase that rank a little, but they already pissed me off before I could do that.

As for the reason why I wanted to increase the bond rank, I figured that I'd get something in the way of EXP or a rare reward if I did…

Maybe at max bond rank, they'd all become my willing slaves and let me live a relaxing life without calling me rude nicknames, like 'NEET-zuma' and the 'family guard dog'.

Wearing the usual tracksuit, I decided to go on a jog to the train station. I didn't do this because I wanted the exercise, or any stupid reason like that. The only reason why I went on a jog was due to the new notifications I received under the 'Quest' tab.

New Quests Available!

Go on a thirty minute jog! Quest rewards: 30 exp, +1 speed, +1 stamina

Go to school! Quest rewards: 30 exp, +1 knowledge, +1 Bravery

Kill 3 monsters in the dungeon! Quest rewards: Random loot box

Going to school was out of the question, but the jogging one and the dungeon one was something I could do.

Although I said that…

"Hah… Hah…!"

I started to get tired of jogging halfway in.

I guess this is what a lack of exercise gets you.

Furthermore, when I arrived at the train, I received a lot of annoyed looks, since I arrived all sweaty and stinky.

…And I didn't even get any rewards for my efforts since I started walking after fifteen minutes.

"W-Whatever. The dungeon is where I'll do most of my leveling anyway…"

I didn't even know why two of the three available quests involved real life activities. What did going to school have to do with dungeon crawling?

When I got off the train, I headed to the street where I last saw the floating door. Just like before, I was the only one who could see it.

I walked up to the middle of the street and opened the door, stepping inside the long corridor.

"Yosh… Let's grind!"

The gamer in me couldn't wait to raise my levels and collect rare loot.

I didn't know what was the endgame to all of this, why this dungeon suddenly appeared in front of me that day, but unraveling that mystery was fun in its own way.

At the very least, it would splash some color into my boring life.

I took out my phone and launched the 'Adventurer's Card' app. I watched the animation of the blue haired girl play on the loading screen before the main screen popped out.

After tapping the 'Items' tab, I equipped the short sword I collected from the goblin. The sword appeared in my dominant hand.

Crude Iron Sword (Common)

Dropped by a goblin. Hey, it's better than nothing.

Durability: 10/10

Weapon accuracy: Dexterity Modifier (40% chance of hitting)

Weapon Damage: 1 slashing damage + Strength modifier (+4)

Sells for: 1,000 yen

What was with that lazy item description?

There's even a hint of condescension in it.

Also, I figured that the items would be converted to gold coins or some other RPG equivalent.

Yet, it was a straight up yen conversion.

Furthermore, the value for it was low, at 1,000 yen. I could probably get more for it if I sold it on Amazon or some pawn shop.

Perhaps the 'sell item' option in the inventory was for useless crap you couldn't be bothered to sell in real life, or for rare items that wouldn't have a proper value in modern society, something like a magic weapon.

With the shortsword equipped, I traversed deeper into the dungeon.

The goblin's corpse wasn't there anymore, although there was still a bit of its blood staining the ground.

I passed through the blood stained ground and explored deeper than I did the other day, the shortsword held out in front of me.

Since I played a lot of dungeon crawlers in my life, even playing those old 'Wizardry' games, I knew more or less what to expect.

Furthermore, since my 'Intuition' stat was pretty high at '60', I had a good sense of when an enemy might show up…

"Going by stereotypical game design, a monster will surely appear around this corner…"

"Skreee!"

Just like I predicted, when I turned a corner, a giant bat flew out and tried to ambush me.

Since I was ready for it, it was a simple matter to cut the bat down. It helped that the bat flew straight into the trajectory of the sword.

"Ohh! This is even more fun than playing games…!"

It was different from a game, actually feeling the weight of a sword in your hands, the cathartic surge of accomplishment that comes after victory, the rush of adrenaline as you face a potentially life-threatening encounter…

I checked the app and saw two new notifications.

You gained the [One-handed Sword] skill during combat!

[One-handed Sword] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are proficient in using swords that require one hand to wield. You gain +10% weapon accuracy with attacks using one-handed swords.

You gained the [Enemy Detection] skill during combat!

[Enemy Detection] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You can focus your senses to detect enemies within a 15 foot radius around you. Your Intuition score (60) will go up against the enemy creature's 'Cunning' score when determining if the enemy creature is detected by you.

Aside from the new skills, I also gained 5 exp from killing the giant bat.

Considering that it takes 50 exp to reach level 2, I had quite a bit more grinding to do.

As for dropped materials, I looked at the mangled corpse of the bat.

I didn't really want to touch a monster's corpse too much. After seeing that it didn't have any items or anything, I left it alone.

As my sword had limited durability, I didn't want to potentially lower it by trying to harvest materials from the bat. I also thought that the idea of skinning a monster bat was gross.

Going past the dead bat, I headed deeper into the dungeon.

As I headed deeper in, I sensed a monster with my new skill.

Knowing it was there, I crept low and made my approach as silent as possible.

Then I turned the corner and slashed at the presence I felt, before it could do anything.

"Gack…!"

It was another goblin. The slash cut across its torso, killing it on the spot. It fell back with blood pooling around it, not even having a chance to fight for its life.

You have unlocked the [Lurk] skill during combat!

[Lurk] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp cost)

You can hide your presence from enemies. Your 'Cunning' score (70) will compete against the enemy's 'Intuition' score to determine if the enemy creature detects you.

Another useful skill.

…All of these skills I was unlocking were starting to lead me down the stealth-based route.

Not that I minded at all, since such builds are often useful in dungeon crawling games.

When I looked at the loot the goblin dropped, it had a short bow and a quiver with ten arrows that it never got to use.

Crude Shortbow (Common)

Dropped by a goblin. Hey, it's better than nothing.

Ammo: 10/10 (Stone-tipped arrows)

Bow Accuracy: Dexterity modifier (40% chance of hitting)

Damage formula: 1 piercing damage + strength modifier (+4)

Sells for: 500 yen

…Why is the item description the same as the sword?!

Not to mention that it was even cheaper than the sword…

My attacks had been hitting so far, but I didn't like how my weapon accuracy for the sword and the bow was this low.

After all, the one who lands the first attack has a significant advantage in battle.

Even with a successful use of [Lurk], combined with the [One-Handed Sword] passive skill, my weapon accuracy with a short sword maxes out at 60%.

From up close, it was too dangerous to miss the first strike…

I equipped the shortbow, deciding to focus on unlocking bow skills. It was safer to shoot from afar, and I didn't want to risk opening myself up to counter attacks if my melee attack missed.

With an arrow notched into the bow, I advanced forward, looking for my third kill of the day.

Part 4

It took a bit longer to find my next target.

This time, I had a visual of it since it wasn't just around the corner. It stood at the end of the corridor.

I peeked my head from the corner and watched a dog-like creature standing on two legs, equipped with a sling. It was probably a kobold, from the looks of it.

Drawing the bowstring back, I took careful aim on the kobold while keeping [Lurk] active.

Since I had never fired a bow before outside of some mandatory kyudo practices during PE class, it took a while for me to feel confident enough to release the arrow.

I watched the arrow fly as I released the bowstring. Luck was on my side as it flew straight and hit the kobold at the back of its head.

It didn't take long for it to slump down to its knees and fall backwards, dropping dead.

You gained the [Bow] skill during combat!

[Bow] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are proficient in using bows! You gain 10% weapon accuracy when using bows.

You gained the [Snipe] skill during combat!

[Snipe] Skill Rank: 1, Active skill (5 mp cost)

Add your Luck modifier (90%) to Weapon Accuracy calculations involving bow-type weapons (Max total: 100%).

…Huh?

Isn't [Snipe] the perfect skill for me?!

Even though I was worried about Weapon Accuracy before, this luck-based skill came out of nowhere that would basically ensure that all my attacks with a bow landed!

Granted, there was still the mana cost I had to worry about, but this was still an insane skill!

Quest Completed! You have killed 3 monsters in the dungeon!

Reward: Random loot box

While I was still celebrating from gaining a skill that seemed custom made for me, I got even more good news.

I tapped the notification and a gift box appeared in my inventory. Not wanting to open it in the middle of the dungeon, I decided to leave. The sling that the kobold dropped seemed worthless to me, but I still kept it just in case.

Once I left the dungeon, I let out a satisfied sigh. Even though I didn't level up, I felt like I accomplished a lot.

Time passed by normally in the real world while I was inside the dungeon. I found this out by setting a timer on my phone and synchronizing it with the clock in the train station.

On the way back home, I got even more glares, since I was covered in sweat from fighting monsters in the dungeon. I ignored the stares and concentrated on my own good mood.

No one was home when I got there, since Kazuto was at school and my parents were working. After a quick shower, I went to my room to open the random loot box I was given.

When I took it out of my inventory, a blue gift box tied with pink ribbons came out. There was a tag on it.

To: The HikiNEET

Enjoy my wonderful gift! You're doing good so far, but make sure to do all the quests my cute app-chan assigned to you! Go to school tomorrow, got it?!

From: The beautiful goddess of water, Aqua-sama

Who the hell is this bitch?!

I found it strange that I haven't met any goddesses yet who have given me some kind of cheat weapon or ability…

Finally, I got something from a goddess, but why is this goddess calling me a HikiNEET?!

Ripping up the tag with the rude message, I opened the box and looked at the contents.

"...Oh?!"

Due to your high Luck stat, you have received a rare drop!

Book of Magic Potential Awakening (Super Rare)

Awakens the latent magical talent in you. Will give you magic spells according to your talent for magic.

There it is! I can finally use magic!

I imagined myself throwing fireballs at goblins and striking them down with lightning…

Opening the book, I peered inside the pages.

The book started to glow, making me close my eyes. When I opened them again, the book disappeared from my hands.

You gained the skill [Elementary Magic] from reading the 'Book of Magic Potential Awakening'!

Since your potential for magic isn't very high, you only gained the ability to use the beginner magic spells [Tinder], [Create Earth], [Wind Breath], [Create Water] and [Freeze]!

Where's fireball? Where's the lightning spells?

Even though it's an SR drop, it gave me such weak sounding spells?!

Since my mana recovered a little bit after I left the dungeon, I went to the backyard to try them out.

"...[Tinder]!"

A small flame shot out from my pointer finger. The intensity of the fire was similar to the one found from a lit match.

"T-That goddess gave me some kind of defective item! There's no way my magical potential is this bad!"

I thought about that story I saw on a forum, the one from someone with the username 'Megumin'.

Apparently this Megumin learned the strongest attack spell, [Explosion] from a dark goddess named Wolbach…

I didn't know who this goddess of water Aqua was, but she gave me some kind of shitty magic…!

"Damnit, what a waste…!"

Even though I was previously in a good mood, I spent the rest of the day sulking in bed.

Part 5

"Up in the morning again…? You'll go to school this time, right?"

"No way."

The scene from the last morning repeated itself again.

I attempted to try the jogging quest again, running from my home to the train station.

Although I managed to get a bit farther than the last time, I still couldn't finish the challenge yet.

Once again, I annoyed the other passengers in the train because I was all sweaty from my jogging.

Aside from the school quest, which I resolved to never do, the jogging quest was the only one available that would give me a lot of exp all at once.

I expected another quest to replace the one that asked me to kill 3 monsters in the dungeon, but I didn't find any new quests when I woke up the next day.

…If it's something like the quest list won't refresh until I finish all the quests, that would mean that I'd have to go to school eventually.

Putting those depressing thoughts aside, I entered the dungeon for the third time.

I equipped both the shortbow and the short sword. The shortsword was still sheathed at my waist, held there by a belt and a strap, while I had the shortbow in hand.

My goals for the day were to explore more of the dungeon, grind EXP and to look for loot that I could sell.

Since the items could be sold for money, that would mean that I could buy all kinds of things in the real world.

…There was also the possibility that if I encountered some rare loot, I could sell it for a lot of money.

With all that money, I wouldn't even have to go to school or worry about money anymore. I could even move out of my house and buy a mansion.

This dungeon could give me a life of luxury…!

Although the range of [Enemy Detection] at Rank 1 wasn't that far, it was still useful in alerting me whenever there was a monster around the corner.

In this way, I ended up finding another monster…

"Eh…?"

I looked at the monster ahead… It looked like some kind of flying cabbage?

Even though the goblin, the giant bat and the kobold I saw before fit the category of typical RPG monsters, this cabbage with leafy wings flapping around suddenly appeared…

After using [Lurk] to hide my presence, I aimed with my shortbow…

"[Snipe]!"

When I shot down that kobold before, I had to use every ounce of my concentration to aim the shot.

Using the [Snipe] skill, it felt like I had aim-bot on. It almost felt like cheating

The cabbage fell down, the arrow sticking out of it.

I walked up and retrieved the arrow, placing it back into its quiver.

Picking up the cabbage that fell down, I held it in front of the app and placed it in my inventory.

Cabbage - Food (Rare)

Fresh and nutritious. Delicious when stir-fried or put into a soup. Can be eaten raw, too. I recommend eating it as a salad! Gain 15 exp when consumed. Might receive bonus stat boosts if cooked/prepared before it's eaten.

…This dungeon gives food ingredients as monster drops?

Even though it was from a monster, it looked like any ordinary cabbage.

I was tempted to eat it just to raise my EXP, but I wanted to see what the bonuses were if I cooked or prepared it into a meal.

After putting the cabbage away, I kept going ahead.

Occasionally, I would stop and take out a notepad from my pocket, drawing a sketch of the explored areas of the dungeon as I went along.

When I found another flying cabbage, I used my best combo of [Lurk] and [Snipe] to swiftly take it down.

Just when I was putting the cabbage in my inventory…

Lettuce - Food (Common)

Kind of like the cabbage, but doesn't give as much experience. Make it into a salad, stir-fry it, use it for garnish, the choice is yours! Gain 5 exp when consumed.

My inventory was already full. I decided to just scrap the sling that the kobold dropped, selling it for a measly 300 yen, which freed up an inventory slot. Having only 4 available slots was a pain, but there wasn't much I could do about it with my below average 'Strength' stat.

Since my inventory was full, and I was only 20 exp away from leveling up, which I could accomplish by eating the cabbage and lettuce I got, I decided to leave the dungeon early.

I tried jogging back after getting off the train, but I still couldn't finish that damn quest.

Part 6

I got back home around lunchtime, which was perfect, since I wanted to cook those ingredients.

Since I was someone who stayed home all day, I was used to cooking a few dishes here and there.

As for what I'd make them into, I went with a simple stir-fry.

Creating this meal allowed you to learn the [Cooking] skill!

[Cooking] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Cooking food ingredients dropped by monsters will give a slight increase to the bonus benefits gained when eating them.

I wasn't expecting to earn a cooking skill out of nowhere, but I wasn't complaining about the useful effect of the skill.

Congratulations! You have created the item 'Cabbage and Lettuce Stir-fry'!

The meal is a 'Decent' quality!

Eating this meal will raise your 'Health' stat by 1!

I hurriedly ate the meal, wanting to raise my maximum hit points from 40 to 41.

Congratulations! You have reached Level 2!

You have gained 1 skill point upon leveling up!

…Only 1 skill point, huh?

While munching on the stir-fry I made, I looked through my skills and considered what I should spend my skill point on.

I thought about raising my bow related skills, since that was my main weapon.

However, with my high Luck stat combined with [Snipe], there wasn't really any reason to raise it any more.

Instead, I decided to rank up my [Enemy Detection] skill.

Since it was a passive skill, it meant that it was active at all times and didn't consume mana to activate.

In theory, if I could spot enemies first and shoot them down with [Snipe], I could go through this dungeon with an unstoppable stealth archer build.

Congratulations! [Enemy Detection] has reached Rank 2!

Detection radius improves to 20 feet.

It was a small upgrade, but with future rank ups, I felt like investing points in that skill would serve me well.

After eating lunch and allocating my only skill point, I thought about playing some video games.

I still haven't played 'Myriad Swords 2' since I bought it.

However, when I thought about it…

"...What's the point?"

After exploring a real dungeon, playing an RPG didn't feel exciting anymore.

Besides, why would I grind EXP in the game if I could do it in real life?

I tried doing other things to entertain myself, but I felt restless.

"Damnit, why does the dungeon have to be so far away…?!"

I said, once I finally caved into my desire to explore the dungeon. Leaving the house a second time, I headed over to the train station.

My boarding pass was starting to run out of train fare. I didn't have much in it to begin with, since I only rode the train whenever I needed to buy something in the city.

In terms of money, since I spent the month's allowance buying 'Myriad Swords 2', I only had the 300 yen I got for selling the sling as my savings.

…I didn't like the thought of it, but I might have to start harvesting materials from monsters to sell for parts.

I entered the dungeon with that resolve in mind.

…

...

Up until now, I hadn't seen any turns or different routes that split off from one path in the dungeon.

However, as I passed the areas I explored previously, two different corridors opened in front of me.

"...Is this one of those developments where one route leads to a nasty trap?"

I advanced with slow, careful steps when choosing one of the paths to go to, as well as making sure to update the map in my notebook, so I wouldn't get lost.

For good measure, I also marked the left side of the wall with the shortsword. Since I wasn't using the shortsword for combat anymore, I wasn't concerned about its durability going down.

As I explored the new path, [Enemy Detection] warned me of any enemy up ahead.

Using [Lurk] to sneak up on the enemy, I peered around the corner… Only to see that there were two other figures along with the monster I sensed.

There was what looked like a slime monster, but what surprised me was the presence of people.

There were two girls fighting the slime, the first time I had seen people in this dungeon.

"W-What kind of gross monster is this… Kyaa?!"

A silver haired girl yelled out, as the slime attacked her. The slime didn't seem to be harming her body, but her clothes were melting as the slime made contact with it.

Aside from the silver haired girl, there was a tall blonde girl who also suffered from having her clothes melt from the slime. Unlike the first girl, however…

"...T-This slime is only targeting our clothes?! W-What a splendid creature! This is the best monster we've encountered so far! Kuh!"

That girl gave me dangerous vibes.

As for what I did…

"...N-Nooo! My panties are melting! This is so embarrassing…!"

I went with the 'wait and see' approach.

Eventually, the silver haired girl managed to free her arm. She had a dagger and stabbed the slime repeatedly with it. After a few strikes, the slime began to dissolve around her.

She covered her chest with one hand and proceeded to stab the slime engulfing the blonde girl, eventually defeating it as well.

"Hah… Hah… That was close… We were almost naked…"

What a shame.

I slipped out from my hiding place, which made the other two girls look at me in surprise.

"...Is that some kind of orc variant?"

"No, I think it's a boy… Wait… Eek?!"

The silver-haired girl went down on her knees and covered herself up.

Part 7

As a favor to the girls, I accepted their money and stepped out of the dungeon to buy some spare clothes from a nearby store.

Since the dungeon entrance was in the middle of the city, there were many stores around.

When I came back, I handed over the clothes to the girls and they changed into them.

"I-I feel like you picked these clothes out with malicious intent…"

The silver-haired girl said, looking at the green active top I bought for her. It exposed much of her midriff and the short shorts that went along with it didn't do much to hide her thighs and legs.

I respectfully admired her slim tummy and firm thighs.

As for the blonde girl…

She didn't complain about the outfit even if it was even more revealing than the silver-haired girl's.

In fact, she looked oddly grateful for it…

"So, what are your names? I'm Satou Kazuma."

I said, introducing myself.

"Um… You can just call me Chris…"

"...You can call me Darkness."

It felt like they both gave me fake names.

I didn't question it, since we were still strangers. They probably didn't want to give away their names to a guy they didn't know.

Especially a guy who bought those revealing outfits for them. Maybe I shouldn't have done that.

"So, Satou-san… It seems that you've been exploring this dungeon like us. Do you have the 'Adventurer's Card' app as well?"

Chris held up her phone, showing me the same app I had.

I nodded and showed her mine. I said,

"The app suddenly appeared on my phone a couple days ago, at the same time I came across a floating door in the middle of the city."

Darkness nodded and said,

"Y-Yeah… The same thing happened to me. Shortly afterwards, when I went to school, I saw another door there. When I entered it, I met a goddess named Eris, a goddess who governs over 'Luck'."

"Huh? You met a goddess? How come that never happened to me?!"

Come to think of it, that message board poster named 'Megumin' also talked about encountering a goddess called Wolbach…

Suddenly, I remembered the message I got that came with the random loot.

'Go to school, got it?!'

It was also signed by a so-called goddess of water named Aqua.

"...Did that Eris give you anything or tell you something important, Darkness?"

"She gave me the mission of retrieving magic artifacts. She said that other humans like me might have some powerful artifacts in their possession. Ah, do you have anything like that, Satou-kun?"

Along with Darkness, Chris also began inspecting me. Having such beautiful girls looking at me intently wasn't bad. Should I strike a pose for them?

Before I could do anything that might get me arrested for sexual harassment, Chris sighed and said,

"It doesn't look like he has anything on him. My [Detect Treasure] skill is saying that he's basically penniless…"

"That's something that you shouldn't say out loud."

Even if it was true, I still had my dignity. I said,

"...So you girls are looking for artifacts?"

Chris turned to Darkness, who continued on with the explanation,

"Eris-sama told me that a goddess of water named Aqua has given out powerful artifacts to those who can access the dungeon. The reason why Eris-sama wants us to take these artifacts back is because she believes that it will cause chaos in our world if they ever fall in the wrong hands…"

Wait, this goddess of water Aqua… Isn't that the same one who's been messaging me?"

I decided not to mention Aqua and said,

"Well, as you can see, I don't have any such artifacts on me…"

"That seems to be the case! I know, why don't we exchange contact info? That way we can keep in touch and figure out this whole dungeon situation. Three heads are better than one, right?"

Chris said, taking her phone out again.

Having the contact info of two beautiful girls…

Has my popular period arrived…?

I easily agreed to the offer. That said… Even though I now had the contact info of two beautiful girls, the names 'Chris' and 'Darkness' just made them seem like fellow otaku buddies I met at some convention.

It wasn't something I could show off to my family. They'd just laugh at me before feeling pity for my shitty social life.

We split off in different ways, since they used a different entrance to access the dungeon.

I didn't want to leave the dungeon just yet, since I barely gained any exp and loot, but I also had a lot to think about.

Based on the story Chris and Darkness told me, this Aqua was giving away artifacts to people.

However, if I wanted in on that action, I'd probably have to go to school.

…I didn't know why goddesses chose schools as the gateways to their realms, but there was nothing I could do about that.

At the same time, I could also just go to school, check to see if any doors appeared there, then leave once my business was over.

…

…

When I got home, I went to my room and turned on my PC. I noticed that 'Megumin' accepted my friend request.

I decided to message them.

RNGod: Hello?

Megumin is typing…

I waited for them to respond. Based on the amount of time they spent typing, I thought I'd get a long message, but…

Megumin: Who dis?

Just that?!

I shook my head and typed back,

RNGod: I saw your forum post the other day, about the dungeon…

Megumin: Oh! Don't tell me… Are you also one of Wolbach-sama's chosen ones?! Are you one who wields the ultimate destruction magic of Explosion?!

The chuunibyou is strong in this one…

I decided to play along, since I wanted to get information out of her.

RNGod: Ah, yeah… Something like that. You said that you met Wolbach-sama in your school, right?

Megumin: Indeed! The day after I discovered the dungeon and unlocked the 'Arch-Wizard' class, I went to school like normal… That was when… Behold! A door leading into Wolbach-sama's domain appeared at the school gates!

Chris and Darkness didn't mention anything about a Wolbach, but it was still the same story as Aqua. With the exception of Eris, the goddess of luck, there were other goddesses out there giving out cheat items and powers.

I didn't know why the goddesses had different methods and didn't agree with each other, but if I had a chance to pick up a cheat item or powerful ability, there was no way I'd miss it.

RNGod: I see… Well, I hope we can meet up someday. After all, we are both one of the chosen ones who can enter dungeons…

Megumin: …Not so fast! What if you're some creepy guy who wants to kidnap me? You need to provide proof that you're one of the chosen! Send a screencap of the app!

Even though this 'Megumin' is chuuni as hell, they seemed to have a good head on their shoulders. They even intentionally didn't say the name of the app, leaving the onus on me to prove myself.

I took several screencaps of the 'Adventurer's Card' app, showing everything except my personal information and specific information about my stats and skills.

I didn't know if there was a PVP element to this dungeon system, or if players were allowed to kill other players, but I didn't want to risk giving away my information to someone I didn't know well.

However, even just the main menu and the interface was enough to show that I had the app as well. After all, there was no other app like it.

Megumin: Fuuu… You have convinced me. Where do you want to meet up?

RNGod: I also found some people who can enter the dungeon and I'm planning on meeting up with them eventually. I'll set up a meeting with them and invite you along.

Megumin: Very well… But you better not forget to invite me! I am looking forward to our fateful meeting!

I felt exhausted once the conversation was finally over. Dealing with those chuuni types certainly takes a lot out of you.

As I laid in bed, I thought about everything that happened the last few days.

Not only did I discover that dungeon, but I was even planning to meet up with other people. Not to mention that I might even have to go to school again.
Last edited: Sep 3, 2024
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, snoiper1 and 732 others
BoringBone
Sep 3, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 2: Blessing This Goddess With A Shopping Trip!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#21
Chapter 2: Blessing This Goddess With A Shopping Trip!

Part 1

Waking up the next morning was harder than usual…

Even though I had been waking up early the past few days for the sake of grinding in the dungeon, this time I woke up for a different purpose.

Still, I forced myself to do it.

While I could just go to school and check out if there's any doors there leading to a goddess's domain, I figured that there were also lots of other event rewards that were only available in school.

For example, there was that quest reward that gave 30 exp, as well as an increase in the 'Knowledge' and 'Bravery' stat…

The fact that going to school increases bravery… Don't tell me that was an insult aimed at me?

My mother looked up at me as she saw me coming down the stairs. She said,

"Hah… I already know you're not going to school…"

"I'm going to school."

"No way…?!"

My mother almost fainted on the spot after my announcement.

"...Don't be fooled, okaa-san… Nii-san probably just wants to get an early advance on his allowance and is just pretending to go to school…"

Kazuto said something rude again. I walked up to him and ground my fist on his head.

"Owww?! Stop it?!"

Instead of stopping me from hurting Kazuto, my parents were too overjoyed by my proclamation that I'd go to school to notice. They cried tears of joy while embracing each other.

"Dear… Our son will finally graduate from being a NEET!"

"I thought it was hopeless…!"

Did they really have to make such a big deal about this…?

Congratulations! Your 'Satou Family' bond has reached Rank 2!

Satou Family, Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, your family will give you some leeway as you recover from being a NEET. Your parents will raise your allowance if you attend school like you promised. Your brother is still ashamed of you, but won't deny the existence of an older brother at school if the topic comes up. If you mention wanting a non-blood related step sister again, your parents will beat you to near death.

Rank Up Rewards: 500 yen bonus allowance per week (total 1,000 yen). Parents will call the school and request for days off if you ask (limited once per week). Kazuto won't insult you as much when you talk to him

…500 yen bonus allowance… My allowance doubled?!

I figured that raising bond ranks would give me rewards… But this is pretty good?!

Don't tell me that the allowance will keep increasing when I level up the bond rank…?!

The ability to excuse myself from classes once a week was good, too…

I turned to Kazuto and said,

"You know, you're not that bad… I can tolerate your company. Sort of."

"...Are you trying to praise me? That's gross, nii-san."

Warning! Your Bond Rank almost decreased!

…It can decrease, huh?

I left him alone instead of trying to force a bond rank increase.

…

…

I finished up my breakfast, went up to my room and changed into my school uniform.

It had been a while since I wore it, so it felt weird looking at myself in the mirror wearing a school uniform.

Once I was ready, I headed out and walked to the train station.

As I boarded the train, I noticed other kids from my school. Some of them were chatting to themselves while there were those who were on their phones, or trying to get a reading assignment done while standing in the train.

I passed the time while looking over at the 'Adventurer's Card' app.

After all, I was the type who was addicted to looking at stats in RPGs. Even though I know nothing has changed, I will obsessively keep going back to the stats menu to check up on my character's progress.

There's an addicting rush I get whenever I see those numbers go up. I can spend all day theorycrafting the best builds in those RPGs, and now that feeling has transferred over to my daily life.

Instead of seeing my character in an MMO get stronger, it was my actual body that was improving, and it was all recorded by way of RPG-like stats.

…It was really quite exciting.

However, when I look at stats like 'Attractiveness', 'Charisma' and 'Potential' with low totals next to them, I only feel depressed about the whole thing.

'Attractiveness' didn't really offer much in the way of dungeon crawling, I would certainly like it to be at least in the 70s.

Rather… Am I really so ugly that the app would describe my attractiveness level as below average?

I arrived at my stop while my head was full of these thoughts.

Along with knowing that I'd have to endure going back to school again, my mood plummeted once I saw those low attractiveness stats.

Furthermore… Having a low potential meant that I was untalented, right? Isn't a rating of '10' too low when it comes to potential?!

Shaking those depressing thoughts from my head, I left the train station and headed to my school.

As I was heading over to the gate, I noticed a floating door in front of it, similar to the one that leads to the dungeon.

"...So it's really there, huh?"

Just like the others described, there were doors in front of the schools of those who could enter the dungeon…

Like with the dungeon, no one reacted when I opened the door and stepped inside it.

Inside the door, there was a white room. I saw a girl sitting on a chair in the middle of the white room.

She was a beautiful girl with blue hair and a pink hagaromo. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that she was the most beautiful girl I had ever laid eyes on, possessing a glamor and charm that surpassed any of the idols and actresses I saw on TV.

With her blue hair that looked natural, she was almost like an actual anime girl come to life. She was every otaku's wet dream…

Just as I was in awe of this beauty, she opened her mouth…

"You finally showed up to school, huh, you HikiNEET?! What's up with that?! Even though you had a guaranteed bonus of 30 exp from the quest reward, as well as other stat boosts, you skipped out on going to school for three days?! How much of a HikiNEET are you?!"

Even though I just met her… She's already saying all these rude things about me?!

"Forgive me for not going to school, goddess. I was merely too excited to explore the dungeon and fight those monsters…"

"...Liar. I looked at your record and you're a full-blown NEET. I bet if there wasn't a 'go to school' quest, you would have dropped out eventually. What a loser."

I don't care how beautiful this girl is! There's just some things you can't say…!

Taking a deep breath, I swallowed my pride and said,

"In any case… I'm here now, goddess. I heard that you give out artifacts to those who can enter the dungeon?"

"...Just call me Aqua. You're right about that. It seems that Eris doesn't agree with my methods, but I feel that it's more efficient to raise the levels of you humans if we give you powerful weapons and abilities! Isn't it more fun that way? Surely, it's boring to just watch you humans struggling to clear the dungeon on your own…!"

"I'm curious about that actually… What is the dungeon's purpose, in the first place?"

She took out a bag of chips from what appeared to be thin air. After opening it and munching on some, she said,

"Fufu… The dungeon is the work of us divine beings! Are you impressed? We made the dungeon, and the monsters inside it, to train you humans for the upcoming invasion of the Demon King army on your world…!"

"...Eh?"

I felt like I just heard something really important.

"Are you slow? You heard me. The Demon King army is coming over to invade your world!"

"Oi, I'm gonna need more information than that?! Why are they coming here?! When are they coming here?! Is there a deadline?!"

"...Too many questions! They're coming to your world because they've succeeded in taking over their original world, and they want even more territory. Unfortunately, they discovered a way to create portals to your realm…"

"Aren't we in a lot of trouble?! Are you telling me they can just come over to our world anytime they want?!"

"Not really. They're limited in how many people they can send over at a time. They can also only appear when there's a full moon in their world and your world."

I let out a sigh of relief, almost having a panic attack over what I heard. I said,

"...So if they're limited in how many of their forces they can send at once, why don't we just tell the military? I'm sure they can send a couple tanks and fighter jets over to deal with the threats."

"No can do. Weaponry from your world can't affect travellers from another world. Think of them as superior beings from a higher dimension than yours. Guns, bombs and even nuclear weapons can't affect them."

"Huh?! Aren't we screwed, then?!"

She smiled and wagged her finger at me, which was covered in chip residue. She said,

"That's what the dungeon system we created is for! You see, our plan is to raise warriors to protect your world by having them enter the dungeon and get stronger by fighting the monsters inside, as well as acquiring gear that will work against the Demon King army! However, not just anyone can enter the dungeon. Only those with the potential can enter the dungeon… And for some reason, that ends up being youth like you…"

"I see… So I'm actually a chosen one… Huh?"

"Yes, unfortunately."

"...Eh?"

She didn't seem all too happy about that.

"Since your stats are so low and you have the useless 'Adventurer' class, I thought about just cutting you off from the program, but you can be a good distraction while the real heroes beat up the bad guys, I guess!"

…This girl is really starting to piss me off!

If she wasn't a goddess, I would have smacked her already.

"Alright, enough with the chit chat. I'm a busy goddess! You're here to get a cheat item, right? Just don't let that tight ass Eris and her stupid followers catch you using it, or you'll lose the item."

By Eris' followers, I assumed she was talking about Chris and Darkness, who were tasked to collect the artifacts from those who were given one by Aqua.

With a wave of her hand, Aqua summoned a book in front of me. I opened it and turned the pages.

"...?!"

There were all sorts of legendary swords, armor and insane abilities in there…!

With these powerful cheats, my low stats didn't even really matter anymore. I could raise my levels with ease!

"...What should I get? Holy Sword Adrondight? Cursed Sword Muramasa? Hmm… There's even a skill that boosts magic power, huh…?"

While I was looking over all these insanely powerful cheats, Aqua munched her chips and eventually let out a sigh.

"Look, can you hurry it up? You're a useless HikiNEET who won't accomplish anything, anyway. You'll just end up as a mook out there in the battlefield. Just pick anything you want, so you can enjoy your little minigame in the dungeon, but leave the real fighting to the big boys, OK?"

She made a dismissive shooing gesture with her hands as she urged me to hurry up and pick an item.

…Calling me a mook… Saying all those rude things…

"Oi, first of all, does the handle 'RNGod' mean nothing to you?! I'm the top ranked player in every MMO I play! I'm not just some scrub, I'm probably the best chance you've got against the Demon King army!"

"...Just because the dungeon system is like a game, doesn't mean that it is. Do you think an otaku like you can surpass someone with higher natural specs? I already have candidates in mind who have a real chance of going against even the Demon King. To be frank, you're just an afterthought, so why don't you hurry up and pick whatever and scram!"

Even though she's beautiful, this Aqua bitch really thinks she can mouth off to me like that, huh?!

She's just lucky I'm not like one of those edgy protagonists from those revenge genre LNs, or I would have already done something despicable to her.

"Fine… You want me to hurry up and choose whatever, right? You said that I can choose anything I want from here, right?"

"...Yeah, that's what I said. Hurry up and do it. I haven't got all day!"

"Fine. I'll choose you as the one item I can bring along."

"...Finally. That took forever. Alright… Wait, what did you say?"

Suddenly, a white light filled the room and a figure descended from above.

When I looked up, I saw a beautiful angel with white wings. She smiled and said,

"...The visitor's requests have been approved by the higher ups. Aqua-sama, I will take over your duties from now on…"

"Huh?! Wait… T-There's no way that's allowed?! I don't count as an 'item', right?!"

"In order to help the humans of this world defend themselves, Aqua-sama will be counted as an artifact to assist Satou Kazuma… The higher ups have collectively agreed on this decision."

"...Isn't that too fast?! Wait, wait, giving the humans free heavenly artifacts was my idea to begin with! You can't just turn this on me?! Eris doesn't agree with this, remember?!"

"B-But… You did insist that since you outrank Eris-sama, that we should listen to you and ignore her…"

"Then why aren't you listening to me now?!"

While Aqua was arguing with the bewildered angel, I laughed while walking over to Aqua, mockingly wrapping an arm around her shoulders.

"Hah…! What do you think about that? The guy you insulted and called a bunch of rude names will now own you. That's what you get…!"

"Nooo?! Keep me away from this guy?!"

I laughed as I dragged Aqua away from her own domain. The angel smiled and waved at us.

"Good luck, hero candidate Satou Kazuma-sama! If you protect your world and defeat the Demon King and his army, heaven itself will grant you a wish!"

"...A wish? You mean, I can wish for anything I want?"

"Yes! Please work hard for the sake of defending your world! We look forward to your heroic deeds!"

"Oiii! Don't just wrap this up without my permission?! There's no way I can just go with this weird guy! I'm a goddess, you know?!"

"Rest assured, Aqua-sama, you can return to your original post once the Demon King is defeated! Please work hard!"

"This damn angel…! I bet this is your plan, to take my position, right?!"

Aqua was struggling and she was stronger than me, so I couldn't drag her out of the room. Thankfully, the angel snapped her fingers and the room disappeared, leaving us outside the school gates.

"Nooo! Help me! This pervert is…! Hmph!"

I covered Aqua's mouth with my hand, before anyone could get weird ideas about me.

"Haha… Aqua-san, you're a bit confused… Come here!"

"Somebody save me…?!"

I dragged Aqua away before she could cause a scene.

Part 2

"...Oi, stop crying already."

After dragging Aqua off away from the school, she started hugging her knees and bawling her eyes out.

"How could you do this to me?! Not only was I kicked out of my own domain, you even designated me as your item?! Are you insane?! How could you treat a beautiful goddess like me this way?! The heavens will curse you!"

"...Actually, didn't they give me their blessing? It actually seemed like they were in a hurry to get rid of you…"

"Gah! I can't believe I'm trapped in this world with this rude human! Listen, you better not even think of doing anything weird to me!"

Even though she looked like a beautiful girl, her personality was a complete turn off. I stopped seeing her as a girl the moment she opened her mouth.

"...Whatever. I'm gonna go to school now. I need to complete that stupid quest…"

"Hah? How dare you call my quests stupid! My cute Appuri-chan made those quests to help you grow, you know?!"

She calls this app 'Appuri-chan'?

It always annoys me when people give nicknames to random things.

"Wait… You're the one who created the app?"

"That's right! My Appuri-chan is designed to measure your real life specs and gamify them to help users understand their strengths and weaknesses! It's impressive, isn't it?"

"...Does that mean that it's your criteria that determined that I have low attractiveness, charm and potential?!"

"The system is absolute… If that's what it said, then it must be true…"

"No, I refuse to believe that! If someone like you made the app, it must have a bunch of faults in the coding!"

I just about had it with this girl. Sighing, I looked at her and said,

"...I'm gonna go to school now, so just go ahead and kill some time somewhere."

Turning around, I started heading to the school.

"..."

She followed me when I started walking to the gate again.

"...What are you doing?"

I asked, looking at her as she followed behind me.

"I'm not familiar with this world and you're planning on just leaving me behind?! How insensitive can you be?!"

"I don't really care what happens to you, to be honest. You can even go back to your realm if you want."

I didn't care if she was a goddess or whatever. She was already proving too much of a headache for me to deal with.

"Didn't you hear what that angel bitch said?! I can only go back once the Demon King is defeated! That means I'm stuck in your world until that happens!"

"...So what can we do? I need to go to school."

"Why don't you just skip? You're always doing that, anyway."

Damn this girl..!

"Listen, do you want me to go to school or not? You're the one who sent that 'go to school' message along with the random loot box…"

"Well, it's not really me… It's the app that generated the quest on my behalf."

She tried to avoid responsibility, even though she was the one who made the app.

"Look, just go to that cafe over there and bum around for six hours or so. If they start kicking you out, just go to another place."

"Don't you need money to go to places like that? I didn't bring any money with me."

"Fine! Here, take this money and leave me alone for a few hours! I'll see you later!"

I reluctantly handed over the allowance my parents gave me for going to school. 1,000 yen went down the drain for this girl…

"Ohh! Maybe you're actually pretty nice?! Thanks, Kazuma!"

Aqua smiled and took the money, stuffing it in her pocket, before running straight to the cafe.

Not even hesitating to take the money…

I sighed and turned back to go to school. To think that I was actually looking forward to going to school, if only to escape having to deal with Aqua for a while.

…

…

"Eh? What is Satou-san doing here?"

"I thought he died?!"

"...Huh? Who is Satou?"

Those were the responses I got when I showed up to class.

Since I didn't attend class ever since the term started, my classmates were confused when I suddenly came in unannounced.

The homeroom sensei was confused as well, since I only showed up to take tests and to hand in homework. Well, my mother was the one who handed in the homework for me. I only went to school to take tests, so that they wouldn't expel me.

Even then, I didn't go during school hours and took the tests in the teacher's lounge.

As long as I maintained my high grades, they allowed me to stay at home. Even though it was a so-called elite college prep school, they didn't care about their students as long as they had good grades. Scoring in the top 10 in your grade essentially meant that you could do whatever you wanted.

The only good thing about these college prep schools was that there weren't any delinquents around to make your life a living hell. The student body was mostly a bunch of bespectacled bookworms whose only purpose in life was to get good grades to get into a good university.

Sure, there were the occasional jocks and such who got in because of an athletic scholarship, but those guys weren't that common.

Quest Completed! You have conquered your NEET tendencies and attended school!

Reward: +30 exp, +1 Intelligence, +1 Bravery

…That insulting message… It makes sense that Aqua designed this app!

That aside, the substantial exp gain and the increase in two stats at once was a welcome upgrade.

In regards to the 'Bravery' stat, it would take a lot to raise it to average levels, but it seems that there are ways to raise it.

"...Satou-kun! Are you looking at your phone right now?!"

Since I was checking the app during class, I almost got in trouble on my first day back.

Part 3

As soon as the school bell rang, I made my way out of school grounds.

Part of it was that I didn't want to stick around school as much as possible, but I was also worried about what Aqua was up to.

Based on my brief interaction with her, she definitely seemed to have some sort of screw loose. Pair that with her mental deficiency and it was a recipe for disaster.

Thankfully, I found her quickly enough at one of the fast-food chains in the area. At least she had the common sense not to wander too far off from the cafe I told her to go to.

I would have preferred if she stayed in that one place, but I wasn't so unreasonable that I'd expect someone to stay in one cafe for six hours with only 1,000 yen to spend.

When Aqua saw me, she waved her hand around.

"Kazuma, Kazuma! Look, this place has a sale going on! Burgers are only 100 yen each! Give me more money so I can buy some!"

"...I gave you all of my money. Just be grateful that I gave you money instead of leaving you to wander the streets."

"You know… This is your rare chance to hangout afterschool with a beautiful girl like me. Don't be so stingy!"

"I really don't have any money! Besides, there's other things you have to worry about aside from burgers!"

I sat in front of her as she ate the two burgers she bought. She was really digging into those burgers…

"Do they not have burgers in your realm?"

"I could teleport food and items from your world whenever I want, as long as I had the money to pay for it. You saw me eating chips, remember?"

"...Huh? Isn't that too convenient?!"

The ability to summon whatever you want as long as you have money… A NEET would kill for that ability.

"And you took that away from me! I had such a comfy life in my realm and I had a good salary as a goddess, too! Now I can't even enjoy burgers on sale because you're a broke ass NEET!"

"...If you put it that away, I feel a little bit bad."

If I had such a good life and someone else took that away from me, I'd murder them on the spot.

"That's why you have to make it up to me! How are you going to take responsibility?!"

We got a few strange looks from the people around us once Aqua shouted the words 'take responsibility'.

"...Quiet down, will ya?! Look, I do feel partly responsible for you, so it's not like I'll just leave you alone. I'll somehow convince my parents to let you stay at my place."

"You… You really think I'll fall for that?! This isn't some kind of romcom! Why would I live with a loser like you?! I already know that you're looking forward to some perverted events, like walking in on me changing or taking a bath!"

"...What kind of 90's shoujo manga are you referring to? These days, inversions are more common than straight up tropes. What will happen instead is that you'll walk in on me taking a bath instead of the other way around."

"No one wants to see that kind of fanservice!"

I sighed and leaned forward, giving her an annoyed look.

"Look, I don't have any other solution. As you know, it's not like I can ask a friend to let you stay with them."

"I know."

She was only agreeing with me, but it still pissed me off.

Eventually, she frowned and looked down at the empty burger wrappers balled up on the table.

"...It's not like I have a choice. Fine! I'll stay with you! But if you try anything perverted, just know that heaven will smite you for defiling a goddess's purity!"

Not like I had any desire to try anything with an idiot like her.

…

…

When my family got home, they looked at Aqua as if she were an alien.

"...Our boy finally crossed the line. He snapped and kidnapped some famous idol!"

"She… She doesn't look Japanese… Is she a foreigner? This could turn into an international incident?!"

My parents assumed the worst when they saw Aqua.

In their minds, the fact that I was even in the same room with a girl who looked like Aqua meant that I must have committed a heinous crime.

Kazuto rolled his eyes and said,

"Relax. Nii-san probably just won a charity thing. You know how celebrities often do community work for the needy for tax deduction purposes…"

"Oh, that makes sense!"

"So our Kazuma is sponsored by the 'Make-A-Wish' foundation, huh?"

"He should have just asked them to give us a free trip to DisneyLand…"

This shitty family…!

What happened to the family bond rank up?! I thought it said that Kazuto would insult me less?!

This is like when TV programs will find creative ways to get past censorship, even when the government tightens regulations on them.

I shook my head and said,

"She's a friend of mine from abroad who is having issues with her living situation. She was supposed to stay with relatives, but there's been a miscommunication. She can't find a place to stay on such short notice, so she asked me for help."

"...I find it hard to believe that Kazuma is friends with such a pretty girl!"

"I find it hard to believe that Kazuma has a friend…"

"I find it hard to believe that the house isn't surrounded by police by now. Nii-san, you're a better criminal than I expected."

It wasn't my imagination. Kazuto's insults were only getting more inventive.

I turned to Aqua, urging her to play the part, since they didn't seem to believe my story at all.

"It's true…! If it wasn't for Kazuma helping me, I'd probably have to go back to my country! That would be such a waste of plane tickets, plus I really want to stay here in Japan! Won't you please let me stay…?"

She batted her eyelashes at my parents.

"...! Of course! How can we deny such a cute and nice girl?! You're welcome to stay here, Aqua-chan!"

"Do you need an allowance?! Of course you do! We'll give you 2,000 yen a week!"

Her allowance is already double mine?!

That rank 2 bond reward is useless…!

"Oh, thank you so much! I promise to be a good girl while I'm in your care!"

Aqua said, doing a good job acting like an innocent girl.

At least, compared to how she usually was.

With my parents agreeing to take Aqua in, they gave her an unused guest room to stay in.

I watched her tidying the place up as she settled in.

"...I can't believe they agreed to it so quickly."

"Fufu… That's the privilege of being a beautiful girl like me!"

Damn this unfair world.

I couldn't really blame her, though. If I was a cute girl, I'd use every advantage that came along with it as I could.

After Aqua finished cleaning up her room, we went downstairs to eat dinner.

"In celebration of Aqua-chan joining our family…!"

My parents went all out and ordered catering.

Also… She's already part of the family?

"Thank you so much! Oh, this sushi tastes really good!"

"Hehe… We're glad Aqua-chan likes it! It's really expensive sushi!"

"Eh? I feel bad if you're spending that much just for my sake…"

"Don't worry! We can afford it! We'll just have to decrease Kazuma's allowance for a while!"

I was already regretting having her stay at my place.

Part 4

The next morning…

"How do you like your eggs, Aqua-chan~?"

"Sunny side up, please!"

Aqua was still getting the royal treatment.

Even Kazuto, who was normally grumpy in the morning, was all smiles around Aqua.

"I have a project today… Wanna see it, nee-chan?"

"Sure! Oh, that looks really good! Do you mind if I make some additions?"

"Eh…? What are you doing with those grains of rice… Wait… Why is this so good?!"

Somehow, Aqua managed to make a work of art by only sticking a few grains of rice on Kazuto's collage.

After eating breakfast, I got up and prepared to go to school.

I still thought that going to school was a pain in the ass, but Aqua told me last night before bed that there's a bunch of quests and rewards I could unlock by going to school.

Of course, there was the very real possibility that she was just messing with me, but I didn't want to miss any chances.

I was the type who hunted down every last piece of content in a game, every achievement, easter egg and game feature.

If it wasn't 100% completion, I wouldn't be satisfied.

While I was about to head out, Aqua came out to the door, wearing the hand-me-down pajamas my parents made me give to her.

"Don't forget that your parents told you to help me shop later. I'm going to need help buying a cell phone, as well as a few new outfits."

"...I can't believe they're spending more money on you than they have on me in the last year. Did they forget that I'm their son?!"

"Why don't you start acting like one for once. Shoo, shoo! Go to school already!"

I wouldn't have even agreed to help her shop for a new phone if she didn't tell me that she can also download the app. Once she unlocked her class, she could help me explore the dungeon.

Even though I missed out on getting an OP artifact, I still had a real goddess at my disposal. She may be an idiot, but she was bound to be useful in combat.

Keeping her future usefulness in mind, I tolerated her shooing me away and headed to the train station.

Since I lived in a rural area, there was a vast difference between the town's local train station compared to the one in the city, where I got off at.

There were pastry stores, bento stores and even gift shops. The most popular shop was probably the smoothie store, which sold energizing fruit smoothies for those who needed a boost to start up their day.

There were various girls my age crowded around the smoothie store, seemingly not worried at all about being late for school. Not like I could judge them for poor attendance habits.

…That didn't stop me from becoming envious that they had spare money to spend on things like smoothies. Even I'd like the occasional treat to help me get through the day.

I shouldn't have given all my allowance money to that idiot…!

Once I got off the train station, I walked through the street that would lead me to my school. Along the way, I saw the dungeon door in the middle of the road.

Resisting the temptation to grind in the dungeon and potentially earn myself some more pocket change, I dragged myself off to school.

The door in front of the school was gone, or at least, I couldn't see it anymore. They were really intent on keeping Aqua out for good.

…I completely understand!

After getting through the annoying bag inspection at the front gate, conducted by the goody-two-shoes student council, I headed inside, put my shoes away in the shoe locker and headed over to my classroom.

The sensei was already there, ready to take attendance. We went through the rise and bow routine before I was allowed to sit down and drift off into space.

"..."

Wait, maybe I should actually pay attention if I want to earn rewards.

I paid attention to the lesson and even took some notes…

However, multiple classes went by and I didn't see any reward notifications on my phone.

That bitch… She tricked me!

She was probably in her room, laughing her ass off, knowing that I was playing the part of a good student, with nothing to show for it.

"Alright, we have P.E. today! Boys leave the room first!"

The boys removed ourselves from the classroom and waited for the girls to change.

Even with the expensive tuition, this school still couldn't buy a changing room.

Once the girls finished, the boys went in and changed into our P.E. uniforms.

Since I was used to wearing tracksuits, I found a sense of comfort when I removed my school blazer and tie in exchange for the school tracksuit.

"...Ugh. I heard we're running today."

"Seriously? That sucks."

As I heard the others complaining about the P.E. class ahead, I saw it as an opportunity to finally complete that jogging quest I kept failing on.

There was a huge difference between jogging by yourself and having a beefy P.E. teacher yelling at you to keep running. The difference in pressure was incomparable.

We headed out into the field and the P.E. sensei, a star alumni who was supposedly this bigshot judo club captain, commanded us to start running around the track for the entirety of the class.

"Keep going! Don't stop! Persistence builds character!"

He started yelling things straight out of a motivational poster you'd find in a dentist office.

Thanks to all his yelling, I was able to push myself and reach the thirty minute mark.

I didn't have my phone on me, but sensei kept his promise and made us run for the whole class, which was a little more than thirty minutes.

Once we were done, we headed over to the showers to wash the sweat off.

I hurried over to class afterwards and checked my phone.

Quest completed! After about a hundred tries, your fat behind was finally able to jog for 30 minutes without stopping!

Reward: +30 exp, +1 Speed, +1 Stamina

Those messages were getting even more rude.

More and more, I wanted to strangle that girl.

Three new quests are available!

Get the librarian on duty to recommend a book to you! Quest rewards: +30 exp, +1 Bravery, +1 Charisma

Join a sports club! Quest rewards: +1 in all physical stats

Drink an Energizing Smoothie from the train station! Quest rewards: +30 exp, +1 Stamina, +1 Charisma

There's a quest just for drinking a smoothie?!

Rather, why aren't there any dungeon related quests anymore?!

…Well, at least Aqua was telling me the truth that going to school would unlock a bunch more quests.

I was still wondering why the smoothie one was included, though.

Did the system really think that going to a trendy smoothie store, frequented by a bunch of schoolgirls, was a challenging enough trial for me?

But perhaps it wasn't as easy as it seemed.

In the first place, I still couldn't afford to buy one yet.

Part 5

"You want me to recommend a book to you?"

Just like the quest said, I asked the student librarian on duty for a book recommendation.

She's a cute girl with brown hair tied into a ponytail. The ID she wore said that her name is Hinamori Rin.

"Ah… Well, I've actually been away from school for a while because I was sick, so I haven't familiarized myself with the library yet. If you have any books you like, I'd like to check it out!"

"Oh! If that's the case, I have this awesome book I've been reading lately! Please check it out, senpai!"

Ah… This girl is a first year, I thought.

And she's even calling me senpai.

You've successfully deceived this innocent, impressionable girl! Your 'Cunning' has increased by +1!

I didn't want to raise my stats this way!

The fact that 'Cunning' was my second highest skill was also quite concerning.

She searched around for the book and came back, handing it over to me.

"This book is called 'The Magic Tanuki Girl'! It's a fantasy story about a magician girl who has a tanuki tail, which leads to her village discriminating against her and…"

"Erm… I'd rather not hear any spoilers…"

"Ah, sorry! So, would you like to check it out?"

"Yeah, sure. Thanks for the recommendation!"

After presenting my school ID to her, she scanned the book to sign it out and handed it over to me.

Quest completed! You managed to interact with a cute, younger girl without making a complete fool of yourself!

Reward: +30 exp, +1 Bravery, +1 Charisma

Wasn't there a way to change the settings of this app?!

The cruel messages almost made me want to uninstall it altogether!

Still, just like that, I was only 10 exp away from reaching level 3…

I considered going to the dungeon to get some EXP, but I remembered that I had to escort Aqua with her shopping.

…

...

Even though I didn't take any detours when heading home…

"You're late! You're supposed to sprint all the way home! You probably took your sweet little time, didn't you?!"

I was met with an irate Aqua.

"...What's wrong with taking the scenic route when going home? After a hard day of school, I also want to unwind."

"Of course a NEET like you thinks that school is hard!"

"I'm not a NEET anymore!"

She scoffed and stepped out the door. Wearing that weird pink hagaromo again, she also wore the blue, idol-esque outfit that she had on when I first met her.

"...We really do need to get you a new change of clothes. You stand out too much."

"Then let's get moving!"

Even though I just came from the train station, I found myself going there again, this time with Aqua following me.

Since she was beautiful on the outside, she received a lot of stares, especially from men.

"Excuse me, miss! Are you interested in doing modelling work?"

"Wow, is that cosplay? That's really cool! Say, you want to grab some tea with us?"

"Hey, are you a celebrity? Mind taking a selfie with me?"

Those were the reactions she got from the people passing by.

After Aqua took a selfie with a group of girls, she gave me a smug look.

"See? That's the kind of treatment that a high-ranking goddess like me gets. You should be like them, Kazuma. You should worship me!"

"I don't think they were really worshipping you, though?"

"They clearly were! Want me to prove it to you? Everyone, I'm starting a photo shoot now...!"

I dragged her off to the cell phone store before she could attract any more attention.

"Welcome! What kind of phone are you looking for today?"

A saleswoman immediately came out to greet us when we entered the store, with a big smile on her face.

When she saw Aqua, she probably assumed that she was a rich celebrity or foreigner.

"Hmm… I want one with a good camera, since I want to take lots of pictures of myself!"

What an ego she has.

"Fantastic! Then, I recommend this one! I'll even add a case of your choice as a bonus…!"

I let the saleswoman deal with Aqua, while I walked around the store.

My phone was three years behind the current model, but I didn't have any problems with it yet.

I never really used it for anything other than giving my parents the occasional message, usually demanding them to give me my allowance.

Until I got the app, I rarely used the phone, which was why it was still in good condition.

"Alright! I'll buy this one, then!"

"Thank you so much! That will be 70,000 yen!"

"Here you go!"

I saw Aqua take out a wad of cash that my parents gave her.

…Why were they treating her so well?! 70,000 yen… that was way more than the amount of allowance I received in a year!

She even still had a fair bit of money left to spend on buying clothes…!

If I was born as a beautiful girl, was this the kind of treatment my parents would have given me…?!

"How do you like my new phone, Kazuma? I got a blue case. Isn't it cute?"

Aqua said, showing off her new phone.

"...I'm still in disbelief that my parents gave you so much money."

"Oh, actually, your brother Kazuto gave me a bunch of money as well."

That guy fell in love with her, huh?

Part 6

I spent the next few hours accompanying Aqua with the rest of her shopping, zoning out through most of it. Since I had no idea about women's fashion, or fashion in general, I just nodded along to every outfit Aqua showed off to me.

She got some flashy clothes, stuff that a city girl would wear when hanging out with friends at a trendy cafe. Once she was satisfied with her purchase, we left the store.

"That was fun, wasn't it! Spending money that isn't yours is the best feeling in the world!"

"You do realize that you're talking about my family's money, right?"

"Hah. Don't worry! I should be able to pay them back once we start exploring the dungeon together!"

I didn't realize that she was planning on paying them back.

The sun was setting by the time we went outside. There was an orange glow all around the streets. We found ourselves walking leisurely and enjoying the sight of the sun setting in the horizon.

"You know, I don't really see sights like this back in my realm. It's just a white, empty space, after all."

"But you can summon anything you want in there."

"That's true, but it's not like I can summon natural sights like this. What, you think I could just make the setting sun appear in my realm?"

I chuckled at the mental image of Aqua melting as she summoned the sun in her realm.

She narrowed her eyes at me, and said,

"...You're thinking something horrible right now, aren't you?!"

"How'd you know?"

"You had this awful look on your face."

While we were walking to the train station, I noticed the smoothie store. When I let out a sigh, Aqua said,

"Huh? What's the matter? Are you reliving some kind of embarrassing memory you had in this train station?"

"...Nothing like that! It's just that I got a quest to buy a smoothie from that store, but I don't have any money right now."

"Hoh… Well, I suppose I can lend you some money! You'll have to pay it back with triple interest, though!"

"Huh?! Why?! Besides, don't you still owe me 1,000 yen?! You should be the one paying me back with interest!"

I started pulling on her cheeks, making her cry out in pain.

"F… Fine! I'm sorry! I'll pay for the smoothie, OK?!"

Once I let go of her cheeks, she rubbed them and handed me the money.

We lined up at the smoothie store. If Aqua wasn't around, I probably would have looked out of place, since the line was filled with schoolgirls and couples.

"Welcome to Sunshine Smoothie! We make the most energizing smoothies!"

After the staff greeted us, we looked at the menu.

Aside from fruit smoothies, there were even veggie smoothies…

I never had a veggie smoothie before, and I didn't feel like trying it now.

"...I'll have a strawberry banana smoothie."

I went with a safe purchase, since I didn't know what else to choose.

"Here's your strawberry banana smoothie! Please enjoy!"

We left the line and found a sitting area to stay in while I tried the smoothie.

"How is it?"

Aqua asked, as I sipped the smoothie through the clear straw.

The sweetness of the banana and the slight tanginess of the strawberries was a classic combination. The thickness of the drink also made it enjoyable to drink with a straw.

"Yeah, I can see why people always come here to drink breakfast smoothies and enjoy a treat afterschool."

"...I want to try it! Gimme!"

She took the rest of the smoothie from me and tried it.

While she was drinking the rest of the smoothie, my phone buzzed.

Quest completed! You stepped out of your comfort zone and tried going to a trendy smoothie store!

Quest rewards: +30 exp, +1 Stamina, +1 Charisma

Drinking smoothies from the 'Sunshine Smoothie' store will increase your Stamina and Charisma by +1 (effect limited to 1 smoothie per week)

The once per week limit meant that I couldn't just chug down smoothies endlessly to raise my stats, huh?

Not like I could even afford to do that.

"Ah, that was refreshing! Alright, I figure we should go home by now!"

"Wait, you drank all of it?!"

"...What's the matter? You only purchased it because of the quest, right?"

"Hah?! Couldn't you tell that I was enjoying it?!"

"Ow, ow! Fine, I'm sowwy…?!"

I started pulling on her cheeks again.

Congratulations! You have established a bond with the Goddess of Water, Aqua!

Aqua (Goddess of Water), Bond Rank: 1

At Rank 1, Aqua will eventually act reasonable once you threaten to punish her. She will still actively try to go against everything you tell her to do. She sees you as a warden that she must tolerate in order to return to her home. If the chance to leave you behind comes, she'll eagerly take the chance.

"Why you little…!"

"Why are you pinching me harder?! What did I do?!"

I decided to punish her even more once I saw that awful description of our unlocked bond.

…Could it even be called a bond?

I certainly didn't feel closer to her at all!

Finishing the smoothie quest has caused you to level up! Congratulations, you are now Level 3!

"Oh…! I leveled up!"

I let Aqua go to deal with more important matters.

Deciding to go all in on [Enemy Detection], I spent the skill point I got from levelling up to rank up the skill.

Congratulations! [Enemy Detection] has reached Rank 3!

You can now determine the number of hidden enemies with the [Enemy Detection] skill!

As expected… This was quite the useful skill to rank up.

At Rank 2, the [Enemy Detection] skill would only tell if there were enemies present, not how many there were.

I could be walking into a crowd of monsters without realizing it, if I hadn't ranked up this skill.

"Hm? What did you spend your skill points on?"

Aqua said, leaning over my shoulder to look at my phone.

"...It's none of your business! Just focus on downloading your own app, so we can start exploring the dungeon as soon as possible! You'll have to work hard to repay me for everything!"

"I don't owe you anything! I already paid for your smoothie!"

"You drank most of it!"

We ended up coming home late because we argued for a while in the train station.
Last edited: Sep 4, 2024
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, snoiper1 and 611 others
BoringBone
Sep 3, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 3: Joining This Soccer Team Full of Normies!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 4, 2024
Add bookmark
#54
Chapter 3: Joining This Soccer Team Full of Normies!

Part 1

After the shopping trip, Aqua and I headed home.

"Oh! That phone cover suits you, Aqua-chan!"

"Hehe… I know, right?!"

During dinner time, Aqua showed off her new phone to my family.

I finished dinner then went upstairs to my room to do my homework.

As I was opening my school bag, I saw the book I checked out from the library, 'The Magic Tanuki Girl'.

It was a fairly short book, more of a novella but not a Light Novel.

After all, there weren't any scantily clad girls on the cover.

"...Hmm… I guess the homework can wait."

Call it procrastination if you want, but I decided to read the book first before doing the homework.

The book was about a girl with a tanuki tail who lived in a quiet village.

Even though she was a magician who often helped the villagers, she still faced discrimination because of her tail.

At the end of the story, the tanuki girl saved the village from an evil sorceress. The villagers accepted her, and they all lived happily ever after.

You finished reading the book 'The Magic Tanuki Girl'! You gained +1 creativity!

It seems that reading fiction books increases creativity.

Perhaps reading non-fiction and academic books would increase intelligence instead.

If only there was a comprehensive guide about the way this system works. I was just blindly trying things out to try and raise my stats.

After finishing the book, I went ahead and did my homework.

However, in the middle of my work…

"Oi, Kazuma! I downloaded the app now!"

Aqua started banging on my door.

"Good for you. Now buzz off."

"Tch… Even though guys would usually salivate at the idea of having a beautiful girl like me entering their room…"

"If you change your personality to a tolerable one, you can bring that body over anytime."

"Creep."

With those rude parting words, she left me alone.

Once the disturbance was out of the way, I spent the next hour finishing up my homework.

You have finished your homework! Good job!

Huh?! No stat increases?!

There was more to the message. I scrolled down.

If you continue to do your homework, you will receive an increase to your 'Intelligence' and 'Willpower' at the end of the month.

Academic performance will determine the amount of stat bonuses you earn at the end of every month. Work hard!

It was something like that.

That was why I didn't earn any rewards from simply paying attention in class…

Even though doing schoolwork is harder than drinking a freaking smoothie!

Then again, the smoothie thing is more like an event reward that was limited to once a week.

I put my homework away and thought about how this system worked.

From what I could see, the quest system was personalized for the user. I doubted that anyone else would get a reward for simply going to a trendy smoothie store or going to school.

The fact that I was so out of shape and anti-social meant that I'd get stat bonuses just from doing easy tasks.

Another point was that the Adventurer class also levelled fast at early levels. Maybe, as an Adventurer, I was prone to getting easier quests at the start?

If that was the case, then I couldn't simply rely on doing easy tasks like jogging and drinking smoothies to earn EXP, once I start to gain levels.

That would mean that going to the dungeon was still the most consistent way to grind.

In terms of progression, this would mean that I had to find ways to increase my stats in real life, while also grinding for EXP and loot in the dungeon.

The extra money will be useful.

"Seems like I'll be very busy…"

I said to myself, while thinking about what my schedule would look like in the future.

There was a day-off on Sunday coming up soon. There was also a meeting that I was supposed to arrange with Megumin, Chris and Darkness.

I thought about bringing Aqua along.

Chris and Darkness were collecting artifacts under the orders of a goddess named Eris. They might not react well to seeing Aqua, the one who came up with the idea of giving away those artifacts to the people of this world.

At the same time, there wasn't really any way for them to recognize Aqua

I decided to go ahead and ask first. There was no use thinking about this and that if no one wanted to come in the first place.

The dungeon connected everyone. I didn't have to worry about finding a common meeting place.

I messaged Chris first, asking her if she was free on Sunday for a meet-up with fellow dungeon crawlers.

"Sorry! I'll be busy, so I can't come! Darkness is with me right now and she said she can come, though!"

It was unfortunate that Chris couldn't come, since she seemed to have a good head on her shoulders, but at least Darkness could come.

It would be weird if it was just me, Aqua and Megumin meeting up.

I decided to contact Megumin next, going to that message board and sending Megumin a DM.

While waiting for Megumin to reply, I took a bath and changed into my pajamas.

When I came back to my room, I saw that Megumin sent me a reply while I was in the bath.

Megumin: The time has been set… huh? Very well. I will see you there. By the way, how do I know it's you when we meet up?

RNGod: Just look for a girl with blue hair

Megumin: Oh? I didn't think you were a girl

RNGod: Not me. One of the people that will be in the meeting has blue hair

Megumin: There's girls, huh…?

If this guy was thinking that this was a chance for him to score, I relished the thought of his disappointment once he witnessed Aqua's terrible personality.

After confirming the location and time of the meetup, I logged off and headed to bed.

When I was a NEET, I usually stayed up until 3 am, but now that my days were filled with all sorts of things to do, it didn't take me more than ten minutes to fall asleep.

Part 2

I made sure to pay attention in class the next day.

Since I was working towards a long term reward, I had to make sure to take the necessary steps every day without slacking off.

After class, I went back to the library to return the book. The same librarian on duty from last time, Hinamori Rin, was there again.

"Oh…! Senpai, you're back already! Did you finish the book I recommended?"

I returned the book she recommended, 'The Magic Tanuki Girl'. I said,

"Yeah, it was really good. Although it had a simple plot, like a fairy tale, the prose itself was beautiful and charming without being too heavy-handed."

"I know right?! These days you usually see a lot of inversions and deconstructions of fairy tales. You rarely see a fairy tale story without some kind of layer of irony or criticism in it. It's nice to see a modern story that expands upon age-old tropes and conventions, instead of merely using them as tools for satire!"

"Yeah, I know right?"

I didn't really know what she was talking about, but I nodded along.

"If you liked this one, do you want to read another one of the books I like?"

I only asked her to recommend a book to me because of that quest…

As I was about to decline, I saw the genuine passion in her eyes. She sincerely wanted to share her hobby with me.

"Alright, sure, why not."

Even if I wasn't guaranteed to get some quest reward out of it, I agreed to her offer.

"Great! Then I recommend this one! It's called 'The Banished Dragon Knight'! It's another fairy tale-esque story written by a contemporary writer."

"You seem to like those stories a lot."

"Yeah, I do!"

She went on for quite a bit, gushing about her favorite books.

"Oh, sorry! I didn't mean to take up your time, senpai!"

She gave an apologetic smile while tilting her head down slightly.

That look combined with her calling me 'senpai'...

"No problem at all!"

I responded with an eager thumb up.

When she checked out the book for me, I noticed my phone buzzing.

Congratulations! You have established a bond with the librarian on duty, Hinamori Rin!

Hinamori Rin (Librarian on Duty), Bond Rank: 1

At Rank 1, Hinamori Rin will see you as a friendly senpai that she can talk about her favorite books with. At this stage in your relationship, she will certainly feel repulsed if you ask for her number. If you flirt with her, she'll give you a disgusted look. Have fun talking about books with her!

Why was everything in this app vaguely insulting towards me?

After taking the book from her, I left the library and headed out into the hall.

The halls were bathed with a mild glow from the sun that had begun to set, as wide panels of sunlight shone through the windows and gleamed against the waxed floors. Looking outside the windows, I saw the track team running around.

The only quest remaining was the 'joining a sports team' one.

If I had to choose, I'd probably join the soccer team, since I played a bit during elementary school.

I didn't join a club or anything, but I did play with all the other kids outside during break time and after school.

"Hah… Sounds like a pain, but…"

I figured that I could just join the club, then immediately quit once I met the quest requirement.

If they let me, I'd even stay in the roster as a phantom member.

I didn't want to do it, but I couldn't reset the quest list if I didn't join a sports club.

Damn that Aqua for making this pain in the ass system!

I headed over to the soccer field after reluctantly making my decision.

"...! Watch the cross! Good header!"

The soccer team was hard at work.

"Kyaa! Mitsurugi-kun, you're so cool!"

There were also a bunch of fan girls watching them from the sidelines.

It didn't take long to spot whoever this Mitsurugi was. He was the pretty boy who was getting all the attention.

I decided then and there that I hated him.

I waited for the team to finish practice before approaching the coach.

As for the reason why I waited until they finished the practice, I didn't want to get roped into practising as soon as I joined.

"Huh? You want to join? It's rather late and we're past the recruiting period… You're probably going to have very little chance to play in actual games, you know?"

"I don't mind at all!"

"...! That enthusiasm! Alright, you convinced me! Welcome, young man!"

The coach mistook my eagerness to not play at all as a show of initiative and enthusiasm. Not like I'd correct him.

"Unfortunately, practice just ended, so you can leave and come back tomorrow after we register you into the club."

"What a shame…"

I put on a disappointed face when he said that I didn't have to practice.

As the coach was about to get some forms for me to sign, the Mitsurugi fellow approached us.

"Hey, coach, I have a question about the formation we'll play… Hm? Who's this? Ah, are you applying for a manager position?"

He was already assuming that I wanted a manager position…

Wait… That was actually a good idea!

Joining the soccer team didn't mean that I had to join as a player. I could just slack off as the team's manager…!

"No, no, Mitsurugi-kun! This young man here wants to be a player! I can sense the enthusiasm in him! Even if he doesn't look especially talented, I'm sure that he's bursting with potential!"

Actually, according to the app, my potential was pretty low. Are you fine with that, coach?

"A-Ah! My mistake! I'm Mitsurugi Kyouya, the team's captain! I'm happy to have you onboard, um…"

"Satou Kazuma. Nice to meet you."

After signing up and registering, I made sure to leave as quickly as I could.

Quest Completed! You have gotten over your complex over successful alpha males and joined the soccer team!

Quest rewards: +1 to all 'Physical' stats

I ignored that incredibly insulting message.

This was the biggest quest reward I had. It was worth the trouble of joining the soccer club.

Your quest list has been updated!

Kill 6 monsters in the dungeon! Quest rewards: Random loot box

Attend soccer practice! Quest Rewards: +1 to all 'Physical' stats

Ask Hinamori Rin for her number! Quest Rewards: +30 exp, +1 'Charisma', +1 'Bravery'

Just like I predicted, it was getting harder to gain experience with the quests alone.

The difficulty of the quests themselves were also getting harder.

Especially that last one.

The only quest I could do at the moment was the dungeon quest, but that was fine since I already had plans to explore the dungeon with Aqua after school.

With that said, I headed back to pick up Aqua.

Part 3

"Alright! Time to show off my greatness!"

Aqua said, once I picked her up.

When I got home, I changed into my tracksuit and also brought a big duffel bag with me.

My father used this bag when he used to go to the gym. He only went to the gym once before cancelling the membership.

Due to my limited inventory storage, I brought the bag to store monster drops and loot in it. I would reserve the inventory for weapons and special items that I couldn't afford to lose.

"Remember to follow my lead… I'm your senpai when it comes to exploring."

"...Are you forgetting that I helped create this dungeon?"

Aqua said, giving me a blank stare.

I ignored her and headed inside the dungeon. She followed me in with a hop in her step.

When we went inside, I showed her the map to the dungeon. She said,

"...Huh? You only explored this much? You haven't even discovered the wide areas yet!"

"The wide areas?"

I had only seen narrow hallways so far.

"Yeah! There's different biomes and stuff! Some monsters can't function in places that they aren't used to."

Apparently, the goblins, kobolds and giant bats I encountered were used to the cave-like environment of a dungeon, which was why I had only been encountering those types.

If I came across one of these different biomes she was talking about, that would mean that the monster species I'd encounter would diversify.

"Since you know so much about this dungeon, why don't you just tell me where these wide areas are?"

"I don't know the specifics of every single area of the dungeon! It's a big place and there's entrances that are open everywhere across the world!"

"Eh? It's that big?"

I figured that it was only limited to Japan, but she was saying that this was an international dungeon.

Did that mean that I'll meet a foreign beauty one day?

When I thought about it, the blonde and blue eyed Darkness was certainly not Japanese.

Although she did speak Japanese fluently. Maybe she was actually a halfu?

When I mentioned it to Aqua, she said,

"Oh, that? We give every app user the ability to understand other languages. That girl you were talking to was probably speaking another language and it got translated to Japanese in your mind."

"That's pretty convenient…!"

"I know, right? It's totally worth the risk of your brain melting if it gets overloaded with data!"

"...What was that?"

"Nothing! Let's go!"

"I definitely heard you say something suspicious!"

Aqua ignored me and forged ahead.

While she was walking in front of me, I looked at her outfit.

She was wearing the outfit she wore when I first met her, a blue outfit that looked like something an idol would wear. She also wore that pink hagaromo around her neck.

"...How come you have an outfit that fits the RPG mood, while I'm stuck wearing my tracksuit?"

"If you weren't a broke ass student, maybe you can afford to buy some cool-looking cosplay."

"I'm not talking about cosplay! And every student is pretty much broke!"

"There are those with part-time jobs, you know?"

"Then why don't you get one instead of leeching off my family's finances?"

"L-Let's not be hasty now, Kazuma-san!"

While we were going back and forth, [Enemy Detection] told me that there were some monsters nearby.

When I told Aqua, she grinned and said,

"Finally! Make sure to give me the killing blow!"

"Does all the EXP go to the one who deals the killing blow?"

"Yeah, pretty much."

I didn't like the idea of letting Aqua get all the kills and the EXP, but if I wanted her to be useful, I needed to let her catch up to me in levels.

[Enemy Detection] was telling me that there were multiple enemies ahead, five of them.

When I peeked around the corner to check what they were, I saw five cute rabbits hopping around.

"Aw… How cute…!"

Aqua said, gushing about the appearance of the rabbits.

I knew better than to trust their cute appearance. It was a classic trap for a cute monster to turn out dangerous in some way.

I thought about how to deal with these monsters, while letting Aqua take the final blow.

Using [Snipe] would ensure that I kill or at least heavily injure one, which meant that there were four others we had to deal with, but I didn't have any way to deal with multiple targets at once.

I remembered that there were still the basic magic spells I learned.

While I was thinking about how to use the weak magic spells I unlocked, Aqua stood up from her crouching position.

I thought that her legs were just cramping, but she proceeded to walk out from behind the corner and walked straight to the rabbits.

"...?! What are you doing, idiot?!"

I called out to her, as she walked into dangerous territory without a care in the world.

"Oh come on, dummy. There's no way these harmless little rabbits can do any harm…"

"You don't know if they're dangerous or not!"

"I told you that I helped create this dungeon, remember? There's no way I'll be fooled by a simple trick like that…"

I breathed out in relief, finding sense in her words. She kept going and said,

"Besides, the only rabbit-like monsters who lure people in with their cuteness are Horned Rabbits. They hide their horns and wait for the perfect moment to strike their target's jugular!"

"...Eh?"

Didn't she realize what she just said?

"But those rabbits could be…"

"Like I said, there's no way these cuties are dangerous! Horned Rabbits will immediately attack once they see the target's exposed neck, but they haven't attacked yet! Therefore, these are just normal rabbits!"

I looked at her outfit, namely the hagaromo around her neck.

"Aqua, of course they won't attack yet. Your hagaromo is hiding your neck. That's the only reason why they're not attacking…"

"..."

Aqua's smile began to crumble.

Using slow, robotic movements, she made her way back to me.

Only to break into a sudden sprint midway.

"Kazuma! Help me?!"

"Hisss!"

The rabbits that were once cute and cuddly started hissing. Large horns emerged from their heads and they hopped towards Aqua.

Once Aqua made her way around the corner and hid herself behind me, I held my hand out.

"[Create Water]! [Freeze]!"

I released a stream of water from my hand and created a puddle on the ground, then froze it just as the Horned Rabbits made contact. They slipped and fell on the frozen puddle.

"O-Oh! They're ripe for finishing off! Take this [God Blow]!"

Aqua started gathering bright energy in her hand before pummeling the Horned Rabbits to death.

Since the Horned Rabbits had slipped on the frozen ground, they couldn't defend themselves from Aqua's attack.

"Take this… And this…! Eeek! Kazuma…!"

Aqua cried for help again when she slipped on the ice and fell on her ass.

Part 4

"Oooh! I gained a bunch of EXP just from that! It seems Horned Rabbits are worth a fair bit of EXP!"

Aqua said, once the encounter that almost turned deadly was over.

Even though she was crying earlier, she seemed to have forgotten all about that already.

"..."

"Hmm… Which class seems good? I can unlock a whole bunch of them… I know! Since I'm a goddess, I should choose the Arch-Priest class. Heh… I unlocked an advanced class from the start! Are you jealous, Kazuma…?!"

"..."

"Oi, what's wrong with you? You've been silently staring at me the whole time."

I thought that she'd be useful in the dungeon since she was a goddess who helped create the whole thing.

Based on the fight I just saw, wasn't she completely useless?

"Mind explaining what happened back there?"

"...Obviously since this is my first time in this dungeon, I got ahead of myself and made a couple rookie mistakes! It's understandable, isn't it?"

"I didn't have any troubles when I came in here alone…"

"That's because you were probably facing beginner mobs like goblins! Horned Rabbits are tougher than the monsters you were facing so far, and I still killed them with [God Blow] despite not even having a class yet! Impressive, right?!"

What she said made sense, but…

I still had my doubts.

"Whatever. What do we do about these rabbits?"

I said, looking at the rabbits on the ground.

"From what I remember, their horns sell pretty well. Just cut those off."

"You do it."

"Why me?! Don't you know that I'm a goddess?! There's no way I can dirty my hands doing stuff like that!"

I didn't want to do it, but at the same time, I didn't trust Aqua with any sharp objects.

I took out my iron sword and started cutting off the horns from the rabbits.

It was a gruesome sight, but for the sake of getting money, I did it.

Cutting off the horns of all five horned rabbits depleted my sword's durability all the way down to 1/10.

Although I could recollect arrows after a fight, it wasn't as simple to regain durability for the sword.

After collecting the horns, I put one of them in the inventory to see info about them.

Hidden Horn (Common)

Dropped by a Horned Rabbit. Can be used for crafting into daggers or spears.

Sells for: 1,000 yen

Since it was a common rarity crafting item, it wasn't worth that much.

Still, even if I kept one horn for crafting purposes, I could still get a good 4,000 yen profit from selling these horns.

I sold four of the horns and placed one in my inventory box. 4,000 yen appeared in my hand and Aqua watched it like a hawk.

"Hey, since I was the one who killed them, I should get the money, right?"

I knew this would come up.

"What are you talking about? Weren't you the one who fell for such an obvious trap? It was my moves that saved your ass."

"F-Fine! But I still dealt the final blow! We should at least split it!"

I was reluctant, but I didn't want to have her whine as we explored the dungeon

After splitting the money in half, we kept moving.

"I suppose we should have you unlock some skills first. How do we get you to unlock healing skills? Do you know any first-aid?"

"Huh? What are you talking about? Since I'm a goddess, I already know healing skills."

"...Then what's the point of you getting levels?!"

Even though I really wanted to kill those rabbits, she was telling me she already knew a bunch of skills without having to level up.

"Don't yell at me! I'm not at my full power, remember? Just because I have the spells unlocked, it doesn't mean that they're maxed out! They're all still at Rank 1! I'll need to earn levels to put some ranks into them!"

"...I suppose you make sense sometimes."

I still wanted the EXP for myself, but for the sake of making Aqua useful, I had to let her catch up to my level at least…

If it was just earning EXP, there were still her quests she could do. If I could help her do them, she might level up.

"You want to see my quest list? Here it is!"

I took a look at her phone…

Quests:

Steal 3 kills from Satou Kazuma! Quest Rewards: Random Loot Box (Completed!)

Make Satou Kazuma have a temper tantrum! Quest Rewards: +15 exp, +1 'Bravery'

Take at least 1,000 yen from Satou Kazuma! Quest Rewards: +15 exp, +1 'Cunning' (Completed!)

"Why the hell are all of your quests only about antagonizing me?!"

Quest completed! You have successfully made Satou Kazuma have a temper tantrum!

Quest Rewards: +15 exp, +1 'Bravery'

Congratulations! You have reached Level 2!

You gained 10 Skill Points!

Aqua snatched the phone back and smiled.

"Ohh…! Thanks, Kazuma! You helped me get enough points to reach the next level! I only needed a few more since you helped me kill all those rabbits earlier! You're really useful, you know that?"

"Unlike you."

I couldn't believe that she gained 10 skill points when she levelled up.

That was already more skill points than I had in total.

Since all of her previous quests had to do with antagonizing me in some way, I was curious to see what her new set of quests would look like.

"...Let me look at your phone again."

When I held my hand out, she shook her head and pocketed her phone.

"L-Let's keep going, Kazuma! Surely there's some more monsters ahead…"

"Let me see your phone!"

"Nooo! You'll just get mad again, and this time I won't get any EXP for making you mad!"

Aqua ended up overpowering me, which meant that I couldn't see what was on her phone.

…If she's hiding it this much, it must be really bad.

"Oh, there's that loot box I got from stealing kills from you, right? Let's take a look!"

She summoned the loot box from her inventory. Just like mine, it was a blue gift box with a pink ribbon around it.

She happily opened the box and looked inside.

"...Huh? This is trash!"

Aqua threw away the popsicle stick with the word 'loser' on it.

I didn't even know that Loot Boxes could have worthless trash inside it.

Since I got a rare item last time, I was expecting Aqua, who is a goddess, to have similar luck.

Part 5

Aqua's excitement took a hit after the failed loot box, but eventually we kept going deeper into the dungeon.

After turning a few corners, I sensed three enemies ahead.

Looking at them revealed that they were skeletons equipped with spears.

"...Since they have spears, I guess I'll have to shoot them from afar."

I said, drawing my bow.

Before I could do anything, Aqua stepped up and cracked her knuckles.

"Pfft… Unlike you, I don't have to rely on such cowardly tactics… [Turn Undead]!"

"Grahhh!"

The skeletons let out a harrowing cry as Aqua dispelled them with a holy light.

"Fufu… I'm useful aren't I? Those skeletons are nothing but fodder to me!"

Skeletons are usually fodder, regardless.

I looked at the spears they dropped, putting one in my inventory.

Crude Iron-tipped Spear (Common)

Dropped by skeletons. Melee reach advantage against enemies not using polearms.

Durability: 10/10

Weapon Accuracy: Dexterity Modifier (41% chance of hitting)

Weapon Damage: 1 thrusting damage + Strength modifier (+4) = 5

Sells for: 1,000 yen

Spears were very useful in these narrow areas…

Although shooting enemies from afar was still the ideal combat scenario, there were bound to be occasions when I had to fight at close range.

The only problem was that my inventory space was completely full with the shortsword, the bow, the horn and the spear in it.

I'd have to put all the other loot in the duffel bag if we came across any.

There was also the option of selling the shortsword, since its durability was almost out, but I wanted to wait until the very last moment before I sold a weapon.

I had always been a loot hoarder in the games I played…

As for the other two spears, I sold them and converted them to 2,000 yen, which I had to share with Aqua.

"Alright, let's keep going! Surely there's more monsters ahead!"

Aqua said, after I divided the money between us.

"...Say, you've already got the kill on the last two targets. How about you let me have the next one?"

"Isn't the point of this expedition to help me raise levels?! Just let me kill the next one and I'll reach the same level as you!"

What an unreasonable girl.

I wasn't happy about it, but considering how she one-shotted those skeletons, she clearly had more firepower than me, even with my [Snipe] aimbot hack.

We kept going, making some more turns.

Eventually, the narrow corridors started to widen, until we came upon an open area with a completely different environment.

"Ohhh…! This is the wide area I was telling you about!"

Aqua said, as she rushed into the lush grassland.

It was disconcerting, having to go through dim corridors to suddenly see natural light all around you.

I looked up at the sky, only to see that there was none. It was clear that there was a roof above us, one that looked like an artificial blue sky. There was some kind of light coming from somewhere and I felt heat from it, but I didn't see the sun. It was more like a general radiance that washed over the area.

The environment was unnatural, like it belonged in a movie set rather than actual nature. Even the cool breeze that swept through the grass and blew against my skin didn't seem real, like there was an industrial fan somewhere creating it.

Speaking of unnatural…

Thud!

The ground shook and when I turned my head to the source of the shaking, I saw the biggest toads I had ever seen in my life.

"...?! What the hell are those things?!"

They came in a variety of colors, pink, yellow, light blue and green. They hopped around the field, occasionally sticking their tongues out to catch what appeared to be equally big insects that were flying around.

Aqua raised a finger in a lecturing manner and said,

"Those are Giant Toads. They were known in the other world as troublesome pests. Whenever their breeding season comes, they come out and hunt for more food. A lot of livestock and even children go missing during this time…"

They sound more like a national calamity than simple pests.

That other world sounds scary.

Aqua confidently stepped forward, rotating her shoulder blade as she got ready to face these things.

"Fufu… Don't worry! You already know how this is gonna go. I'm gonna go over there and beat these things up with my [God Blow]...!"

Since I saw Aqua destroying the other monsters in the dungeon, I didn't have any reason to doubt her.

I stepped back and let her handle the Giant Toads.

She sprinted forward, fist winding up for a big punch.

"Face the divine wrath of the gods! [God Blow]!"

The punch connected.

"..."

"Gero…"

The Giant Toad looked down at Aqua with its empty eyes.

"...Shit."

Those were Aqua's last words before she got vored.

Part 6

"You know, Kazuma-san… Life is beautiful…"

For once, on the train ride home, there was a lot of space around me.

Even in the packed, rush hour train, no one wanted to go near the slime covered Aqua.

As for Aqua, she had an introspective look on her face while she said vague, poetic musings like this.

"...We shouldn't take life for granted, Kazuma-san. It can all end in the blink of an eye."

"Or with the croak of a toad."

"Haha… You're so funny, Kazuma-san!"

She was completely broken.

I managed to kill the Giant Toad using the shortsword, which depleted its durability. Even though I lost the shortsword, I managed to get the slimy Aqua out from the toad's stomach.

The good news was that I got +10 exp out of the encounter, as well as some toad meat that I stored in my inventory.

The bad news was that Aqua took a -10 to her sanity points.

Even though Giant Toads weren't something that I'd consider boss level monsters in normal RPGs, they were quite terrifying in reality.

They were heavily resistant to physical damage, even rendering Aqua's [God Blow] useless.

Not only that, they could swallow enemies whole and even catch them from afar with their long tongues…

It wouldn't surprise me if they were the area boss. I said,

"Next time, we just have to be more careful. We should grind more levels before fighting those things."

"...They just took me off guard! [God Blow] isn't even my most powerful move! I'll give them a taste of my true power next time!"

Aqua pumped her fist in determination, which made a bit of slime trail down her face.

…Even though we tried to clean off the slime, it was very sticky and unlike any substance I had ever seen.

It was more like liquid glue than digestive fluids…

If I had to guess, it was to keep victims from escaping the toad once they were swallowed.

What a dangerous creature…

When we got home, Kazuto stared at Aqua as we walked into the house.

"A-Aqua-nee?! What happened to you?! What is that sticky stuff…?! Don't tell me… With nii-san…!"

Kazuto assumed the worst about his crush when she walked in while covered in a suspicious, sticky substance.

Since he was a little brat, I let him believe whatever he wanted as I led Aqua to the bath.

"Kazuma! You'll help me, right?! You won't let me wash this sticky stuff off by myself, right?!"

"Yeah, yeah… Whatever…"

We went to the bathroom and I had to hose her down with the shower head, while she sat in the tub.

"Kazuma… You're oddly reliable…"

Aqua said, as I sprayed her with water.

"...Of course I am. When was I ever not reliable?"

"Yeah, sorry for doubting you! I figured that you only agreed to help me because you like watching me in such a pathetic state…"

She figured me out.

"Don't worry, Kazuma! Next time, I'll beat that thing up for sure!"

"...I'm sure you will."

"How come you don't sound certain?!"

Did she already forget that she was crying in the train while covered in frog slime not that long ago?

Where did she get this confidence?

It took a total of thirty minutes to get the sticky slime off.

I left the bathroom to let her properly bathe.

Once I was out of the bathroom, I noticed that there was a new notification on my phone.

You have gotten closer with Aqua!

Aqua (Goddess of Water), Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, Aqua will sometimes act reasonable if you beg her to. She will still resist everything you ask of her, but occasionally she will listen to your commands. She sees you as a surprisingly reliable HikiNEET that she can manipulate and exploit for her benefit. If the chance to leave you behind comes, she'll take the chance if she has a better option.

Bond Rewards:

Rank 2: You learn the skill [Nature's Beauty]

Aqua's bond rank-up gave me a new skill…

Perhaps I should treat Aqua a bit more kindly?

I checked the skill description, and…

You gained the skill [Nature's Beauty] from deepening your bond with Aqua!

[Nature's Beauty] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp cost)

Impress an audience with a wonderful party trick! Your 'Charisma' stat (22) will determine the effectiveness of your party trick!

…This skill is useless!

Why would I want some stupid party trick?!

And why is the mana cost so high?!

"Phew…! That was a good bath! Are you gonna take a bath, Kazuma…? Gack! What are you doing?! That's cold!"

"[Freeze]!"

I made sure to punish this useless goddess who gave me this equally useless skill.

Part 7

It was Saturday, the last school day of the week.

It sucked knowing that Saturdays were a day off in other parts of the world, while it was a normal school day for us.

Thankfully, I still had the once-a-week day off I get from my family's bond rank-up reward…

"Hello? This is Satou Kazuma's father. He will need a day-off due to health reasons… Yes, that's why he was a NEET… I mean, why he stayed home for so long. Yes… He'll likely need an extra day off every week for a while…"

My father came up with that BS excuse for why I had to miss school before and why I'd have to take a day-off every week.

…Even if my sensei didn't fall for the obvious lie, they were probably thinking that it was better to let it slide if it meant I'd actually come to school for a majority of the week.

With that, I had a Saturday all to myself.

Unlike Aqua's dumb skill, the benefits I got from the 'Satou Family' rank-up were actually really useful.

"...Nii-san is back to his NEET ways again, huh? Couldn't even last a week?"

It didn't do much to change Kazuto's rude behavior, though.

"Leave me alone. I'm doing something."

"Yeah, yeah. Unlike you, I have better things to do."

Kazuto said, as he went off to go to school.

Once he left, I took out the toad meat.

Aqua was still sleeping. Apparently, she got up late at noon. What a lazy slouch.

Although I was the same before, so I didn't really have the right to criticize her.

I didn't know what to do with the Giant Toad meat, so I just marinated it in with some soy sauce, sake and mirin after tenderizing it.

Even if Giant Toads seemed to have high defense, their meat itself wasn't too tough. It was just their skin that was resistant to blunt force.

It still needed a fair bit of tenderizing and a couple hours of marinating to soften it up, though.

I cursed myself for not having the foresight to marinate it the night before, but I had lots of free time to wait, anyway.

While I was waiting, I headed over to the living room.

I made the spear come out from the inventory, as well as the rabbit horn.

From what the horn's description said, it could be crafted into a spear.

Since I had a spear to use, I wanted to experiment with crafting a new item by combining the spear and the horn.

I carefully dismantled the spear, separating the iron blade from the tip.

After that was removed, I inserted the spear into a cavity in the bottom of the horn.

"...Something like this?"

You have unlocked a new skill!

[Smithing] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are proficient in creating and repairing items! The success rate of this skill is determined by your 'Creativity' (61). At Rank 1, you can combine and repair items of the 'Common' variety. Combining compatible items of the 'Common' variety might yield an item of 'Uncommon' variety.

Just like I expected, I unlocked a new crafting related skill when combining the two items together.

I placed the new item in my inventory and checked its info.

Horn-tipped Spear (Uncommon)

Made by Satou Kazuma. Melee reach advantage against enemies not using polearms.

Durability: 15/15

Weapon Accuracy: Dexterity Modifier (41% chance of hitting)

Weapon Damage: 2 thrusting damage + Strength modifier (+4) = 6

Sells for: 5,000 yen

It was worth quite a lot...

I was tempted to sell it right away, but it seemed like a useful item.

…

…

After a few hours, the Giant Toad meat was ready to cook.

It was also around this time when Aqua came down from her room.

"Oh…? What's that? It smells pretty good?"

She started sniffing around and ended up in the kitchen.

She was only wearing a tanktop and short shorts, but I felt no arousal from seeing her like that.

…I guess it's true when they say that having a good personality is more attractive than just having good looks.

Before frying the toad meat, I coated it in some flour. Soy sauce tends to burn easily, especially if mixed with sugar. I made sure to fry at low heat and make sure that the sugar in the mixture didn't burn at the bottom of the stove.

Once it was ready, I took out the fried toad meat and served it on a plate, garnishing it with some chopped lettuce.

"Oh…! You're not a bad cook, Kazuma! You're becoming more useful everyday! Thanks for the meal!"

She took some chopsticks and was about to take one, but I snatched the plate away from her.

"...Who said I was sharing? I'm the one who killed the toad, didn't I?"

"Y-You wouldn't have been able to kill it if it wasn't occupied with digesting me! I helped, too!"

In a roundabout way, her logic kind of made sense.

I set the plate down and let her have some of the fried meat. She cheered and took a bite.

"...? It kinda just tastes like chicken karaage."

"I do hear that frog and toad meat kind of tastes like chicken."

I gave it a try myself. The meat was a bit chewier than chicken, but it still tasted similar enough.

Eating the 'Fried Toad Meat' has given you +2 Health points!

It seems that this dish gives quite a bit of 'Health' bonuses, just like the cabbage stir-fry I made the other day.

It also gave me an extra 5 EXP.

We drank some tea after finishing the meal. Aqua rubbed her tummy as she leaned back on her chair.

"That tasted so good! I would have preferred to have some beer to drink, though…"

"...You drink beer?"

"Yeah, I drank beer all the time back in my realm."

I looked at Aqua. She looked about the same age as me, but since she was a goddess, there was a chance that she was actually way older than she looked.

At the same time, I could also imagine her ignoring minor drinking laws and just guzzling down a bunch of beer.

After eating, I remembered that I still had the book Rin recommended to me.

If I wanted to finish that quest about asking for her contact info, I needed to get closer to her.

I went up to my room and took the book out, laying on my bed as I started reading.

The book was longer than the previous one, but I had the whole day to finish it.

After spending the afternoon reading it, I ended up finishing the book.

The story was about a misunderstood Dragon Knight who risked it all just to fulfill a princess's request.

The princess wanted to see what life was like outside the castle walls and the Dragon Knight helped her escape to show her.

In the end, the Dragon Knight was charged with treason, but since he didn't harm the princess, the country didn't execute him and exiled him instead.

It was a simple story, but the writer did a good job in making the reader sympathize with the characters.

Since it was an open-ended story, it was up to the reader to come up with their own conclusions based on the clues given.

I was sure that the Dragon Knight went to a foreign country and used his skills to good use, becoming a top adventurer who was admired by all.

You finished reading 'The Banished Dragon Knight'! Your 'Creativity' increased by +2!

Since my 'Creativity' score was related directly to the [Smithing] skill, I had incentive to raise it.

At the start, I figured that some of the stats were useless, but it seemed that a lot of useful skills relied on specific stats.

After finishing the book, I looked for things to do around the house to try and gain another new skill, but it seemed that just randomly doing things wouldn't work.

For example, just going to the toilet wouldn't unlock a [Shitting] skill.

Once I ate dinner, I went to my room to relax.

It took a bit longer to fall asleep, since I had a day off, but I still fell asleep at a reasonable time.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, Rollek and 558 others
BoringBone
Sep 4, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 4: A Meetup For These Failures!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 5, 2024
Add bookmark
#77
Chapter 4: A Meetup For These Failures!

Part 1

It was the day of the meeting.

"...I don't get the point of doing this."

Aqua said, as we made our way to the family restaurant, our meeting spot.

"It wouldn't be necessary if you actually had information about the dungeon. As it is now, we'll need to rely on other people to tell us their experiences so far."

"Are you saying that even though I'm a co-creator of the dungeon, that I don't know anything about it?!"

I bet the other creators involved did most of the work.

She was like that pretty girl in class who made all the nerds do the project work, while still taking credit for it afterwards.

"That's exactly what I'm saying."

Aqua was wearing the clothes she bought from that shopping trip, a denim jacket, striped sweater and a light pink skirt. It was a casual outfit, but she looked like a model wearing it.

She attracted a lot of attention as we walked through the streets, and I even got a few jealous stares from some of the men.

…Even though I felt ashamed to have people see me walking around with this stupid goddess.

There was another reason why I wanted to arrange this meeting.

It was to look for Aqua's replacement.

It became clear that she was absolutely useless in every possible way.

However, to get past the Giant Toad stage, I will need some help.

I got dangerous vibes from Darkness last time, but that could have just been my imagination.

If she was close with a reasonable girl like Chris, she probably wasn't that bad.

Megumin was a complete wild card, but I was willing to bet that they were more useful than Aqua was.

"Kazuma, Kazuma, you're going to treat me today, right? Since I'm doing you a favor by letting you show me off to all these guys, I better get some reward out of it! You're so lucky to have such a beautiful girl like me walk around with you!"

I really needed to replace her.

When we arrived at the family restaurant, we saw Darkness as she was seated by a waitress. We arrived at around the same time.

Darkness was wearing a yellow floral sundress, a pearl necklace and carried an expensive looking handbag.

That kind of handbag wasn't something an ordinary high school student could afford…

Was she some kind of ojou-sama?

I waved to Darkness and walked over with Aqua in tow.

"Yo. Thanks for coming. It's too bad Chris couldn't make it."

Darkness smiled and gave a nod, gesturing for us to take a seat.

"Yeah… There are times when she gets really busy and runs off somewhere. I don't have any idea what she gets up to, though. And who is this with you?"

She looked at Aqua. Before I could introduce her, Aqua stepped forward and said,

"Even though your body is composed mostly of my fluid, you don't recognize me? I am the goddess of water, Aqua!"

That line was considered sexual harassment, right?

"N-Nice to meet you, Aqua-san…"

For some reason, Darkness was blushing when she replied.

She was probably just embarrassed by Aqua's cringeworthy introduction.

"There's one more person, but I don't really know what they look like…"

Just as I was saying that, the door opened and a girl came in. My eyes lingered on her for a second, because she was quite attractive, but I eventually ignored her.

Then I did a double take at the girl's unusual appearance.

This girl was wearing a black, gothic lolita dress and had an eyepatch that covered one of her eyes. Her eye that was uncovered had a red contact lens on it. She also wore a choker and fingerless gloves.

She had quite a petite figure, as well as short, black hair. Aside from her questionable fashion accessories, her porcelain skin and black hair made her an ideal Japanese beauty.

"Um… Sorry, I don't really know what you're talking about…"

The waitress who greeted the girl said, confused by the unusual customer.

"Did I not make it clear? I'm looking for a coven who practices the dark arts like myself…"

That chuunibyou way of speaking… Don't tell me…

The girl looked around the restaurant and eventually saw us, namely, Aqua.

"Ah… A girl with blue hair!"

The waitress followed her as she strode over to us.

"...Which one of you is RNGod?"

Aqua busted out laughing when she heard my username.

I decided to punish her later for laughing.

I raised my hand.

"Yeah, that's me. I take it you're…"

"I am Megumin! My calling is that of an Arch-Wizard, one who wields the strongest attack magic… Explosion!"

Everyone in the restaurant turned their eyes to this girl saying these outrageous lines.

"Sorry, you got the wrong table."

"...?! A-Are you trying to ditch me already?!"

The way she said that made it seem like she was used to people ditching her.

She forcibly sat herself down on the table, right next to Darkness.

"...Erm… Megumin, was it? You can call me Darkness."

"Darkness… huh? Are you one of my people?"

Certainly, the pseudonym 'Darkness' did have a tinge of chuunibyou in it.

Aqua looked at Megumin and said,

"Is Megumin your nickname? Then… Is your real name Megumi?"

"...If I have to call this girl Darkness, then it's only polite that you call me by the name I gave you."

She suddenly switched to a normal tone of voice.

I thought that Megumin was some dude on a message board who had delusions of grandeur. Turns out that she was a girl who was a year or two younger than me.

Rather… Since I was sitting at a table full of good looking girls, I had even more envious eyes looking my way.

"For now we should just order first."

When the waitress came by to take our order, Darkness ordered a garlic butter steak served on a sizzling plate, while Aqua ordered curry rice. I ordered a katsudon for myself, but when it was Megumin's turn to order…

"...I don't have the funds to order anything aside from the soda fountain."

Her stomach growled in response.

The waitress and the other girls looked at me expectantly.

I hate this unfair society that puts pressure on guys to pay for girls…!

"Order whatever you want. It's my treat."

"...Really?! RNGod, you're a generous guy!"

"Just call me Kazuma!"

Nothing's more embarrassing than having someone say your online username in public.

Megumin ordered a hamburg steak. The waitress took our menus and left.

"Alright, how about we get straight to business? We came here to exchange information about the dungeon. I'll start first, since I'm the one who organized this meeting."

I took out my notebook with the detailed map I drew out. Along with an illustration of the places I explored so far, including the Giant Toad area, I also made a list of enemy mobs I encountered along the way.

"I see… So these are the kinds of monsters one finds in a dungeon."

Megumin said, leaning over the table to take a look at my notebook.

"...You make it sound as if you never go inside the dungeon."

"I went once or twice, but my Explosion magic is too powerful to be used inside a dungeon! I've mostly been using it outside!"

"What do you mean outside?"

"I've been leveling up by doing these quests!"

She took out her phone and showed me the quest list on her app.

Quests:

Use Explosion magic on an open field! Quest Rewards: +15 exp, +1 Magic Power (Complete)

Use Explosion magic on an abandoned building! Quest Rewards: +15 exp, +1 Bravery (Complete)

Use Explosion magic near a populated area and evade the police! Quest Rewards: +15 exp, +1 Cunning

Why are all her quests acts of domestic terrorism?!

"I'm having a bit of trouble on the last one. Explosion magic requires a lot of skill points to rank-up, so I really need to wrack up EXP!"

Aqua smiled and gave a thumbs up.

"This app is customized to let the individual become the best version they can be! Keep up the good work!"

Don't encourage her!

Darkness looked at Megumin's quest list and said,

"...It seems that Megumin has been completing her quests just fine. I'm having a bit of trouble with mine…"

"Oh? Can I take a look?"

"S-Sure…"

She gave me her phone and she was blushing hard for some reason.

Quests:

Wear an extremely revealing dress in public! Quest Rewards: +15 EXP, +1 Charisma

Hold your urine for the entirety of the school day! Quest Rewards: +15 EXP, +1 Willpower

Show your embarrassing Quest List to a man! Quest Rewards: +15 EXP, +1 Bravery

"..."

I looked up from the phone and saw Darkness blushing heavily. She had a crazy look in her eyes.

Quest completed! You showed your perverted Quest List to a man and he changed his entire outlook of you!

Quest Rewards: +15 EXP, +1 Bravery

I handed her phone back to her.

"Thank… Thank you very much for helping me…!"

I see.

She was one of those.

Part 2

After I finished showing them the map I drew, it was Darkness's turn to share information.

"...Chris and I have explored the entirety of the first floor, but we've never gotten past this wide area over here."

She pointed at the area with the Giant Toads. She went on to say,

"Chris says that if we clear this area, we can unlock a new floor of the dungeon."

I looked to Aqua for confirmation. She said,

"That sounds about right!"

Does she actually know what she's talking about?

"You mentioned that you've been taking artifacts from other dungeon explorers, right?"

"You're doing what?!"

Aqua exclaimed, angry over the fact that Darkness and Chris were undoing her work.

"Eris-sama gave us the task of taking back the artifacts that were given away by the goddess Aqua…"

"I'm Aqua, you know?! So you're a follower of that Eris hussy, huh?!"

"...I find it hard to believe that you're a goddess."

Megumin said, looking pointedly at the curry sauce all around Aqua's mouth.

Darkness seemed quite overwhelmed by the irate Aqua. However...

"I also find it hard to believe that there's a goddess casually talking to us in the mortal realm."

"Hah?! It's not my fault I'm stuck here! This pervert dragged me out of my comfy realm with all my shuwa shuwa! I really am a...!"

I pulled Aqua's collar back and made her sit down.

"...Apologies. It seems that this girl here thinks she's a goddess of some sort."

"I see. What a pitiful girl, to have such delusions."

This Megumin girl seems quite unaware of her own faults. I said,

"...In any case, can you tell me how many artifacts you've retrieved so far, Darkness? Also, you and Chris are quite powerful if you can deal with artifact users on a normal basis."

"Well, I'm pretty low-level but Chris has the Thief class, which is useful in stealing items. I don't really even have to do anything. She does most of the work in retrieving artifacts for Eris-sama. As for how many artifacts we retrieved… I think we've taken four so far."

"You're interfering with my business!"

I stopped Aqua again before she could lunge at Darkness, who seemed to welcome the assault, going by the blush on her face.

"...And what happened to those four who had their artifacts stolen?"

"They never went back to the dungeon again. It seems that without their artifacts, they didn't want to brave the dangers of the dungeon."

Certainly, if I was given an OP weapon at the start, only to have it be taken away from me, I'd probably go into depression and not set foot into the dungeon again.

Perhaps it was a blessing in disguise that I didn't have a cheat item.

…No, I'd still like one!

If only I hadn't taken this useless goddess with me out of spite…!

"I'm guessing that there aren't any cheat item users left, huh?"

I said, sipping from a glass of water. If I didn't have to pay for Megumin's meal as well, I would have ordered a soda for myself.

"...Not exactly. Chris and I can't go to the dungeon all the time. We also can't advance past the first floor yet. There are artifact users who have already advanced to the next floor and beyond."

Since they had cheat items, they were already going through the dungeon at a faster rate than those without any.

Damn those bastards…!

"All this talk of artifacts… How come I didn't get an artifact from Wolbach-sama?"

Megumin said, reminding me that she talked about a goddess of destruction named Wolbach in her forum post.

"Oh, yeah, you said that you learned Explosion magic from this Wolbach, right?"

She nodded excitedly, planting her hands down on the table and leaning closer to me.

"Exactly! She gave me a tome that let me learn Explosion magic!"

Just like how I learned [Elementary Magic], it seems that one needs spell tomes in order to learn magic.

"Wolbach? Who's that?"

Aqua said, looking confused by who Megumin was talking about.

"...That's how I know you're not really a goddess. Wolbach-sama is a goddess who rules over the aspect of Destruction and Sloth! A door to her realm appeared in my school shortly after I discovered the dungeon!"

"Never heard of her."

I couldn't tell if this Wolbach was another one of Megumin's chuuni delusions, or if Aqua was really stupid enough to forget the name of a fellow goddess.

Either way, I didn't think it was important enough to lose brain cells over. I said,

"Alright, it seems that we're all having trouble getting through this Giant Toad area. Well… Megumin can't even reach it, in the first place."

"...Are you underestimating my capabilities just because of a minor setback? I assure you that if you escort me through the dungeon, I can get rid of all these Giant Toads for you!"

Aqua's face lit up and nodded at Megumin's words.

"It's true, Kazuma! If this girl really knows explosion magic, we have a good chance at taking out a lot of those toads! Explosion magic is the strongest attack magic one can learn, after all!"

"...! I'm glad you see the appeal of explosion magic, wannabe goddess!"

"Don't call me that!"

While Aqua was bickering with Megumin, Darkness placed a hand on her chest and said,

"Since I have the Crusader class, I can act as the frontline for the group. Chris and I only had problems with the Giant Toads since we lacked a damage dealer, but if Megumin can help us, I promise that I'll keep everyone safe as the vanguard…"

Giant Toads had high resistance to physical damage, which was probably why Darkness and Chris, who had the Crusader class and Thief class, struggled with them.

"Oh? Darkness has the Crusader class? Well, I have the Arch-Priest class! And Since Megumin knows Explosion magic… I assume she's an Arch-Wizard?"

"That's correct!"

Aqua gave me a smug smile. She said,

"Then it seems that Kazuma-san here is the only one without an advanced class! Try not to drag us down, Mr. Adventurer! Kishishishi!"

What an annoying bitch.

Part 3

"Thanks for your patronage!"

The waitress bowed to us after we paid the bill and left the restaurant.

Along with Megumin's meal, I had to pay about 1,500 yen total.

That brought my total down to 1,800 yen.

"Thank you for the meal… I won't forget this!"

Megumin said, bowing to me in appreciation for me treating her.

"It's fine… Rather, I'm kind of concerned that you seem so grateful for just a meal…"

She didn't have any money… I wondered if her home situation was fine.

Just when I thought that she would try to evade the subject, she said,

"Oh, that's because my family is poor! I rarely get to eat out like this!"

"I-I see…"

I couldn't tell if she was overly innocent, or if she was mature for her age.

"So… When should we go to the dungeon?"

Aqua said, while sucking on an after-meal mint.

"If you guys want, we can go right now."

I said, looking at the sky and seeing that we still had some time before the sun went down.

"Fufu… I'm excited for the chance to show off my power."

Megumin said, holding a hand up over her eye and doing what she thought was a cool pose.

"I promise to protect everyone."

Darkness had a resolute look on her face, which made her seem reliable.

Her dependable aura almost made me forget what I saw on her phone.

Thankfully, Megumin at least had a train pass and I didn't have to pay for her.

When we made it to the dungeon entrance I normally use, Darkness said,

"...So there are other entrances, just like Chris said."

"Which entrance do you use, Darkness?"

"I use the one in front of my house."

Why was her entrance so close to her house, while mine was a whole train trip away?

I gave an accusatory look at Aqua, who said,

"Don't blame me! They're randomized!"

We stepped into the entrance, with Darkness leading the way.

Although I wanted to get as close to the front as possible to maximize the 20-feet radius of [Enemy Detection], I also wanted to see a true frontliner in action.

Being surrounded by a bunch of people with advanced classes made me feel a bit insecure, but it was also a comforting feeling.

Since I cleared the corridors of monsters before, we didn't encounter any while we were making our way to the Giant Toad area.

"...Do monsters never respawn?"

I turned to ask Aqua, who was all the way behind the group's formation.

"It's not like they're made out of magic. They're real, living creatures that have been brought from the other world and transferred to this dungeon, for the purpose of training adventurers like yourself. If monsters are eliminated in an area, they aren't replenished unless the survivors are given ample time to reproduce…"

Rather than a dungeon with randomly spawning monsters, it was a real ecosystem with monsters living in their respective biomes.

I did see the Giant Toads eating those big insects. It seems that monsters also have to worry about their own survival, even in the dungeon.

"Where do the monster's corpses go after we kill them?"

Aqua touched the dungeon wall and tapped it.

"The dungeon itself absorbs their bodies and converts it to biomass, which is used to repair dungeon facilities or even build new floors and features."

"...Don't tell me that this dungeon is sentient."

"Of course not silly…"

I sighed in relief.

"...It's run by an artificial intelligence we created!"

"That's even worse!"

The reality that we were walking inside a dungeon made out of monster biomass and run by some A.I. overlord made by the divines, creeped the hell out of me.

Without any monsters blocking our way, we soon made it to the grassland biome.

"It's almost like we're outside…!"

It was Megumin's first time seeing the surreal sight of a seemingly natural environment inside the dungeon.

She knelt down and ripped some grass from the field.

"...Interesting. It looks like real grass. Now, for the taste."

"What are you doing…?"

I said, as I watched Megumin start chewing on the grass.

"Nom… Nom… This is…! This is high quality grass! It's way better than the grass at the park! And there's no park-keepers who will yell at me for eating it!"

Should I call child services?

While Megumin was tasting the grass, we felt the ground shake, as Giant Toads hopped around, chasing after those big insects they ate as food.

"...There they are! It's time for my revenge! This time, I'm prepared!"

Aqua stepped forward and held her hand out.

In a flash of blue light, a staff appeared in her hand.

…She had something like that the whole time?

"Wait, what happened to letting Megumin take them out first…?"

She ignored me, stepping forward.

"Take this! This is the culmination of a goddess's wrath towards those who have sinned! [God Requiem]!"

She charged at the toads with her staff in hand.

A tongue came out and quickly wrapped around her waist.

"Ah…"

It didn't take long for the toad to swallow her again.

"W-What is she doing?! I can't use my explosion magic if she's right there!"

Megumin said, in a panic. Even though she was confident earlier, her knees were shaking now.

"Toads have high defense and Aqua is completely inside the toad now. She'll survive. She can heal herself afterwards, anyway."

"I-If you say so, then… Behold…! It's time to unleash the ultimate magic! [Explosion]!"

Megumin held her hands out toward the toad that had swallowed Aqua. A great explosion of fire and smoke surrounded the toad, even capturing two other toads around it.

I didn't expect the spell to have such a wide area of effect, since I assumed that Megumin was exaggerating about how explosion was the strongest attack spell. The ground shook with the impact of the explosion and I took a moment to admire the pure destruction the spell caused.

"Whoa…! That was awesome! How long does it take for you to recharge for another one… Eh?"

I turned around and saw that Megumin had fallen face first on the grass.

"...What are you doing? This isn't the time for a snack."

I said, watching Megumin's face pressed against the grass.

"You're mistaken. This is what happens when I use explosion magic…"

"You turn into a slug?"

I couldn't help but notice that her dress was hiked up. She was wearing surprisingly mature black panties.

"No… Since explosion magic is the most powerful spell, it uses up a lot of mana. At my level, I can only cast it once. When a caster runs out of mana, they will undergo mana exhaustion and lose bodily strength…"

Since I had never experienced mana exhaustion, I didn't know about that nasty side effect.

It was a good thing I didn't use up all my mana during my previous dungeon visits.

When the smoke from the explosion cleared, I saw that the toad who took the main brunt of the damage had blown up into pieces.

Sitting among the scattered toad flesh and the various fluids it released upon death was Aqua, covered in digestive slime.

"Uwahhh! Why is this happening to me?! Me?! A goddess! Wahhh!"

As she sobbed on the ground, the toads from the distance hopped closer, attracted by the explosion.

"...! Darkness, it's time for you to… What are you doing?"

When I turned around, I saw that Darkness was pulling out glass jars from her handbag.

Looking closer, I saw that there were labels on it that said 'toad slime'.

"I-It's for research purposes! We need to figure out the biology of these creatures! S-So I'm gathering samples!"

I stepped away from her, watching her warily. Watching me regard her with caution, she said,

"You're making some kind of mistaken assumption about me! Very well… I'll just have to prove my worth and dispel such misunderstandings!"

She took out her phone and typed into it. Suddenly, a greatsword appeared in her free hand. It looked like it was made of iron and it was almost as tall as she was.

She put the phone away into her handbag and held the greatsword with two hands.

I had to admit that the gap of her wearing a sundress while holding a greatsword evoked a certain kind of moe…

As I was admiring the sight, she charged forward, letting out a battlecry.

"Hah…!"

She swung her greatsword at the toads.

"...Gero?"

The toads tilted their head in confusion as they watched Darkness swing her sword blindly, hitting empty air.

"Eh? I-I miscalculated…! Here comes my second attack…!"

The second attack missed.

"O-Oh no! The toad's tongue is wrapping around me…!"

Despite what she was saying, there was a hint of anticipation in her voice, as if she was about to board a roller coaster.

"It's so slimy…! Kuh! These foul toads are violating me! Even if you humiliate me, I will still fight until the bitter end…!"

She took out a jar and started scooping the slime around her body into it.

"Gahhh! Kazumaaaa-saaaan! Help meee! The other toads are gathering around…! Hmph…!"

Aqua got swallowed by another toad. Soon, both girls were inside the toad's mouths.

"..."

I turned around and prepared to leave.

Only to feel a tight grip around my ankle.

"...Where do you think you're going?"

Megumin said, still on the ground as she held my ankle.

"Oh, my. You have a surprisingly strong grip."

I said, trying to wrest my ankle away from her grasp.

"Don't tell me you're planning on escaping by yourself?!"

"If I knew how useless you all were, I would have never agreed to this!"

Advanced classes my ass. The only thing advanced about these girls was their incompetence.

"Y-You still have to save us! You're a human being, right?! You have a conscience, right?!"

She had a point there.

I took out my spear and freed Aqua and Darkness before the other toads could attack us.

"Wahhh…! They tainted me…! Those nasty toads spoiled my purity…!"

Aqua cried out, as she was covered head to toe in toad slime.

It was already too late to cry about her tainted purity.

Meanwhile, the girl who was anything but pure looked at the now full jar of slime she had.

"Hehe… I got a good amount today… Eh, wait…!"

I grabbed the jar and threw it away.

"Oi, stop perving out you crazy masochist! Run before you get swallowed up again!"

I returned to Megumin and picked her up, slinging her over my shoulder.

"...! Please carry me more delicately!"

"Shut up!"

The four of us ran away from the toads, with Aqua taking the lead as she didn't want to go through the traumatic experience again.

Part 4

"I-I apologize for my shameful display…"

Darkness said, after we made it out of the dungeon.

I couldn't help but notice how she blushed happily as passersby stared at her slimed up body.

"...Those girls… They're covered in some kind of weird fluid…"

"That guy with them is into some messed up play…"

"There's no way that plain guy can bag hotties like that. He's surely paying them."

Why am I always the one receiving insults? Even though I'm the most normal one in the group.

"...I'm never stepping foot in the dungeon again. I'm a goddess anyway. Why do I need to fight? That lolizuma who is enjoying having a young girl's chest pressed against his back should do all the work, not me."

"Who are you calling lolizuma…?!"

"...That's right. Who are you calling a loli?!"

Both Megumin and I glared at Aqua, who ignored our glares as she retreated into her own world.

I tried to put Megumin down, but she still couldn't walk. I had to shift her on my back and carry her piggyback style.

"What a pain… Don't tell me I have to carry you home like this?!"

"Are you saying that you'll abandon me after covering me in all your fluids…?!"

"What the hell are you saying?! Shut up! Fine, I'll carry you home!"

I closed her mouth before she could say other weird things.

While I was shutting Megumin up, Darkness said,

"I have to head back to the dungeon and go through my entrance. Thank you for the wonderful experience!"

Darkness said, further confirming the suspicion I had earlier.

There is no doubt that this girl is a masochist. A real freaky one, at that.

"...I just have one question, Darkness. Why did you miss all your attacks like that? You couldn't even hit one."

"Ah… Chris says that it's due to my low 'Dexterity' score, since weapon accuracy depends on that stat…"

"What's your dex score?"

"My dexterity score is '1'..."

Is it even possible to have such a low score?

Since weapon accuracy converts stat scores into percentages, that means that she has about a 1% chance to hit her target.

"Ah, but I'm confident in my 'Strength' stat! It's at 90…!"

She said, flexing her arm in an attempt to improve her image.

"Who cares about your strength stat if your attacks will always miss… You're an actual liability."

"Kuh! T-There's no need for such cruelty…"

Even though she said that, she clearly liked the insult.

"Having a dex stat of 1… Even mine is higher than that, and I'm a mage…"

Megumin said, giving Darkness a disapproving look.

"Even Megumin thinks that I'm worthless…"

Darkness was turning into a puddle of shame as Megumin and I both showed our disapproval.

I turned to Megumin, who was behind me, and said,

"...Oi, you don't have any room to judge anyone. If your mana runs out every time you use explosion magic, then just use another spell."

"I refuse! Explosion magic is the coolest of all attack magics! I won't use any other spell!"

"Why are you so stubborn?!"

I resolved myself never to party up with these girls ever again.

…

…

Before she left, Darkness thanked me for inviting her along.

"Thank you so much! It was a very fun outing! Please invite me again!"

Out of context, those words seemed innocent.

With context, knowing the hell that we went through, those words only showed the depths of her degenerate personality.

I noticed a notification on my phone when we split up.

You have established a bond with the Masochistic Crusader, Darkness!

Darkness (Masochist Crusader), Bond Rank: 1

At Rank 1, Darkness sees you as one with sadistic potential. She will seek you out whenever she wants to be on the receiving end of your scathing looks of disapproval. She also thinks that you have the face of a scumbag who likes to abuse women. She thinks very highly of your potential as the S to her M and would like to meet with you again in the future.

I promised myself to never invite Darkness on anything ever again.

When the remaining three of us boarded the train, there was an even wider space between us and the other passengers.

"Hey, isn't that the same girl from last time?"

"So that guy really is making her do weird slime play…"

"He even has another girl with him this time…"

Why am I always the one getting the brunt of the public's judgment?!

We quickly got off the train to avoid the judgmental stares. Megumin started giving me directions to her place.

"...I'm going home to take a bath. I can't stand being soaked with this weird stuff any longer than I have to."

Aqua said, splitting off from us and heading over to my place as soon as we got off the train.

Leaving me alone to deal with Megumin for the sake of her comfort, that useless goddess only thinks of herself.

I followed Megumin's directions until about halfway, when she said,

"It's fine, I can walk by myself now."

"You sure?"

"Yeah, I can usually walk by myself after thirty minutes or so… Urp!"

I caught her when she almost tripped forward.

"Don't act tough, just get on my back."

"...My thanks."

I carried her on my back again and resumed walking.

Much of the trip was spent in silence, since we didn't really know what to talk about.

As I was thinking of things to talk about, I thought of something.

"Say, if you always collapse after using explosion magic, how did you do all those quests before?"

Things like using explosion magic on an empty field and an abandoned building… Unless she had help, that meant that she immediately collapsed on the ground after firing off her explosion.

"Oh, that… I usually have this annoying girl named Yunyun following me around. She carries me home after I use explosion magic…"

"Don't tell me that's her real name."

Rather, I refused to believe it was her real name.

"Hmph… It's the name I gave her after we awakened the power to explore the dungeon…"

"Ah, I guess that's when your chuunibyou developed, huh?"

"...It's not chuunibyou."

Since Megumin was at that age, it wasn't hard to believe that she developed her chuunibyou after discovering that she could enter a dungeon that no one else could see.

Furthermore, getting to use magic and a powerful spell like explosion would reinforce the idea in her mind that she was the main character of this world.

She even encountered a goddess of destruction. It didn't surprise me at all that she got all sorts of delusions after that.

"How come this Yunyun girl didn't come with you to the meeting?"

"She already follows me around everywhere I go. I want my privacy sometimes, too."

"What a bad friend you are…"

"It's not like we're friends or anything."

What a dishonest girl.

"Alright… You can drop me off here. It'll be bad if my family sees us together."

It probably wasn't a good idea to show up at her house together while she was covered up in slime like that.

"Thanks for carrying me."

"Yeah, no problem."

We waved goodbye to each other. When she was gone, my phone buzzed in my pocket.

You have established a bond with the Explosion Mage, Megumin!

Megumin (Explosion Mage), Bond Rank: 1

At Rank 1, Megumin considers you as a slightly reliable guy who seems a bit perverted. She noticed the way you enjoyed having her chest press up against your back. She thinks that you seem like a nice guy and you might have potential as an explosion sommelier. If you offer to help her practice her explosion magic, she will readily agree.

What the hell is an explosion sommelier?

Also, she seemed to think that I was some kind of pervert.

I couldn't exactly deny that I enjoyed it, though.

Part 5

When I got home, I saw Aqua in front of the TV. She had a thousand yard stare.

"...There's no point in me going back to the dungeon. It's not even my job to save the world. I'm a goddess."

"You're still saying that?"

She reminded me of my NEET days, the way she was acting like that.

"If you're the goddess, shouldn't you do helpful stuff, like sacrificing yourself to seal away the Demon King?"

"Isn't that usually the princess's job?! Goddesses are only supposed to grant blessings to the heroes! They're not supposed to let rude humans like you drag them out of their heavenly realms, only to have Giant Toads eat them alive!"

I sighed and said,

"Fine. From what I've seen, you're useless anyway. I'll go to the dungeon by myself from now on."

"Wait… I don't like the way you said that! How dare you call me useless!"

"It's clear isn't it?! You're just a useless goddess! Even if you have a lot of OP skills and abilities, you have some sort of brain damage that makes you do the most idiotic things possible! Let me see your stats! I bet your 'Intelligence' skill is just as low as Darkness's 'Dexterity'!"

I had high expectations for the group, but they all turned out useless.

The only one who had some use was Megumin, but her stubborn insistence on only using explosion magic was a problem in itself.

"W-Wait…?! Why does it seem like Kazuma-san is abandoning me?! No… This is some sort of reverse psychology, isn't it?! You're trying to trick me into going back into the dungeon again! Well, it won't work!"

"There's nothing reverse about it! I don't need your help!"

"P-Please don't abandon me, Kazuma-san!"

She got up from the couch and tearfully grabbed my leg. I tried to shake her off, but she was too strong.

Finally, I eventually managed to shake her off me. I went upstairs to take a bath and relax from that stressful day.

When I got out of the bath, I noticed that I got a new message from Chris.

Hey! I just wanted you to know how thankful I am that you took Darkness to the dungeon with you! Darkness doesn't really have a lot of friends aside from me, so I'm glad that she has a new group of friends to hang out with! She told me all about you and the others, and she was really happy with how the day turned out!

That said… I'm kinda sad that I was too busy to come. Maybe we can hang out one of these days, too?

My hands trembled and I read this mail over and over…

Chris… What a good girl!

I hurriedly typed a message back,

Yes… I had a fun and awesome time with Darkness and everyone as well. We had no problems at all. If Chris would like to hang out later, that's fine with me.

I decided to play it cool.

Even if I was a NEET before, I still had a general idea of how to interact with girls.

Mainly from harem protagonists in LNs.

It's always the thirsty side characters who get no romantic success, while the aloof and detached male protag always gets the girls.

I am Satou Kazuma, a man who will maintain his cool even around beautiful girls.

OK! Then let's meet up at a cafe or something next Sunday! You'll have the day off right, Kazuma-kun?

You know it~! I'm so excited~!

…A man who will maintain his cool.

Yes, that's me.

You have established a bond with the Silver-haired Thief, Chris!

Chris (Silver-haired Thief), Bond Rank: 1

At Rank 1, Chris views you as someone she can potentially confide with! Although she still doesn't completely trust you, she thinks that you might be someone she can trust in the future! It seems that the key to deepening a bond with her is to show her that you can get along with Darkness and the other girls!

…Out of all the rank 1 bonds, this one is by far the most encouraging one.

From then on, I decided to try conquering the Chris route.

Part 6

I had to face a new week of school.

The only thing that motivated me to get out of bed was the rewards I got from acting as a diligent student.

The date with Chris at the end of the week was also a good incentive.

I made sure to focus on the lessons for the entire day, since I didn't want to miss out on the end of the month rewards.

When it was lunch time, after eating my bento, I went to the library to see if Rin was there.

"...You're awfully diligent, aren't you?"

I said, when I saw her behind the counter.

She smiled when she saw me.

"Ah, senpai! Well, the actual school librarian is on maternity leave right now… That's why I'm taking so many shifts as the student librarian."

"Sounds like a lot of work for a first year student."

"It's fine! I like surrounding myself with all kinds of books, anyway, and I have special permission to eat in the library."

She said, lifting her bento for me to see.

"Maybe I should come here more often, to keep you company."

"You'd do that? That's really nice of you! By the way, did you finish reading 'The Banished Dragon Knight', senpai?"

I nodded, taking the book out to return it to her.

"I like how the protagonist comes off as unreliable at the start, but the fact that we see he has a heart of gold is very endearing. When he sacrificed his career and comfortable lifestyle for the sake of the princess, it really made me want to root for the dragon knight…"

"I know, right?! If the dragon knight was a real guy… I think I'd fall for him immediately!"

"You're into the 'knight in shining armor' trope, huh?"

"Yeah… I know it's a bit corny, since a lot of girls are into good looking guys who rescue them like princesses… but there's something instinctively appealing about a guy you can count on, I guess."

She blushed a little while looking down at the book I returned to her.

"I don't think there's anything wrong about that. I'm a guy and I also think that the dragon knight in this story was really cool."

"I'm glad you understand, senpai! You know, I think you're the first person I've talked to who understands my favorite books. A lot of my friends tease me because they think I have childish tastes…"

"Well, you can talk to me anytime. I won't judge your tastes, promise."

"Really?! Wow, you're so dependable, senpai! Ah, hold on a second, someone else wants to check out a book."

I stepped aside and let Rin help the other student. As I was waiting, I noticed a new notification on my phone.

Your bond with Hinamori Rin has deepened!

Hinamori Rin (Librarian on Duty), Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, Hinamori Rin will see you as a dependable senpai who won't judge her for her tastes in books. At this stage in your relationship, she won't mind sharing her contact info with you. If you flirt with her, she'll laugh it off but won't feel repulsed by it. Have fun getting friendly with her!

Bond Rewards: +5 Mana Capacity

T-That's a big reward!

Certainly more useful than the useless skill I got from Aqua!

Also, it seems that I got a chance to ask for her number with this bond rank-up…

With that in mind, I said,

"Do you have any other books you want to recommend to me?"

"I have so many! Ah… But a lot of them you can't really find in the library here, due to restrictions… N-Not that it's anything lewd! It's just that a lot of good literature isn't exactly appropriate for a school setting!"

"Hey, why don't we exchange contact info? That way, you can tell me about what books I should read and I can buy them at the bookstore on my own time."

She smiled at my suggestion and took her phone out.

"That sounds great! Here's my number!"

Quest Completed! You somehow took advantage of the situation and asked the cute student librarian for her number!

Quest Rewards: +30 exp, +1 'Charisma', +1 'Bravery'

I thought it was an impossible quest, but I managed to complete it…

I guess playing it cool actually works. Trying too hard or trying to be charismatic will just scare girls away.

From now on, I will take the cool approach with girls I'm interested in...

I had no intentions to change my attitude around that idiot trio, though.

I promised to text Rin later for book recommendations. We talked a bit more during the break, then I left the library and headed back to class.

…

…

When the school bell rang, I packed up my things and headed out.

"Yo! Satou, are you gonna go to practice today?"

…Only to get stopped by Mitsurugi, the ace of the soccer team.

"Oh, right."

I didn't really want to, but the quest rewards for showing up to practice were too good to pass up.

While dragging my feet, I followed Mitsurugi to the field.

In the changing room, I saw Mitsurugi's fit body and six-pack abs.

What a bastard.

The coach smiled when he saw me and Mitsurugi enter the soccer field.

"Ah! I received word that you had to take Saturday off… I was worried that Satou-kun was skipping practice! I shouldn't have doubted myself!"

This guy was too optimistic.

Thankfully, since I was new to the team, they only made me do some basic drills.

Dribbling through cones, juggling the ball, controlling passes… It was easy stuff.

It helped that I wasn't a complete beginner when it came to familiarity with the sport. Almost every kid in my school played soccer during break times. We'd even play after school

What I was doing was child play compared to what Mitsurugi was doing on the field, though.

While I was dribbling through cones, I noticed Mitsurugi following a wild pass and jumping up for an aerial volley. He released a powerful shot that went just above the goalkeeper's fingers.

"Nice shot, Kyouya!"

The other guys in the team said, crowding around Mitsurugi and patting him on the back.

"Heh… Mitsurugi-kun is certainly talented, but I believe that you have the potential to surpass him, Satou-kun… You just need to work hard!"

The coach said, giving me a thumb up.

This guy really was way too optimistic…

Practice lasted for only two hours.

This was still a school that focused on academics. Sports clubs were limited on how much practice time they could use.

I headed over to the changing room to shower and change back to my uniform. Once I was dressed, I prepared to go home right away.

"Ah, wait, Satou…!"

The ace himself chased after me.

"Boy, you sure change fast…"

That was because I wanted to go home right away.

"What do you want?"

"...Don't be like that. We're teammates aren't we? I just wanted to talk."

"Sure…"

We left the changing room together and headed towards the school entrance.

There were girls from other clubs staring at Mitsurugi, although he didn't seem to care too much about the attention he was getting.

"Listen… Sorry for dragging you to practice. I could tell that you weren't really that into it."

"You could tell, huh?"

I didn't exactly hide the bored look on my face. The coach was the only one who couldn't see that I wasn't really taking the whole soccer thing seriously.

"Why are you even in the soccer club, if you don't really care about it?"

"I guess I just joined on a whim."

"...Could it be that you got a quest on your app related to the soccer club?"

"Huh? What do you mean?"

I managed to keep a poker face, but his question caught me off guard.

"It's fine. I know about the app. I can enter the dungeon, too."

He took out his phone and showed me the app.

He didn't show his stats to me, but I saw that his class was 'Swordmaster'.

"I see… How did you know that I can enter the dungeon?"

I asked, as he put his phone back in his pocket.

"I saw you yesterday with three girls. You all entered the dungeon."

"So? Did you just want to tell me that you figured out my secret? Are you here to gloat?"

I asked, wondering why he confronted me about this.

"It's not about that… It's just that I thought I saw a blue haired girl in your group and I'm just wondering… Is she the goddess Aqua-sama?!"

For some reason, he got all excited when mentioning Aqua.

"Oh. You know her, huh? Sorry, I don't really have any money on me right now. What did she break?"

"Eh? What do you mean?"

I thought that this guy had some grudge against Aqua.

"You see, I received a powerful sword from Aqua-sama called [Cursed Sword Gram]. It has served me well and I'm steadily clearing floors in the dungeon thanks to her blessing. I simply wanted a chance to thank her for her gift to me…"

Mitsurugi was one of those guys who received a cheat item from Aqua.

Since his impression of her was restricted to that moment, he didn't view her as the annoying goddess she actually was in reality.

"Listen… You seem to have the wrong idea about Aqua."

"I'm not sure I understand…"

"...Nevermind."

If this guy viewed Aqua as some great goddess, that was his problem.

"So it really was Aqua-sama who was with you… I don't know why Aqua-sama is hanging around with you, but can you give her a message for me?"

I really didn't want to act as a messenger between Mitsurugi and Aqua.

"...Why don't I just give you her cell phone number and you can contact her yourself?"

"Seriously?! Thanks a lot, Satou! I owe you one!"

"Oh, you do, huh? Then you can give me 2,000 yen right now."

"E-Eh? Um… Sure…"

He took out his wallet and gave me 2,000 yen.

I didn't expect him to give it so easily. I should have asked for more.

Ripping off your teammate has increased your 'Cunning' by +1!

…Why is it only my 'Cunning' that seems to improve outside of quests and specific tasks?

I gave Mitsurugi Aqua's number in exchange for the money.

"Thanks again, Satou! By the way, you should keep coming to practice even if you don't want to. I found that my stats improve a lot when I practice and play in games."

"...Oh, really?"

It was the first time I received advice when it came to actually raising my stats.

He waved goodbye to me after he saved the number in his phone.

You have established a bond with Soccer Club Ace, Mitsurugi Kyouya!

Mitsurugi Kyouya (Soccer Club Ace), Bond Rank: 1

At Rank 1, Mitsurugi Kyouya will view you as an acquaintance that he shares a lot of things in common with. He will gladly do favors for you if you help him get closer to Aqua. He will occasionally give you tips when it comes to the dungeon. Staying on the soccer team and working hard in practice will deepen your bond with him.

…Why is he so eager to get closer to Aqua?

Don't tell me he fell in love at first sight…

I had to admit that Aqua had looks that no human girl could compete with, but her rotten personality made it impossible to see her in a romantic light.

I couldn't even force myself to get turned on by her.

While feeling sorry for Mitsurugi, I headed over to the train station.

It was a new week, which meant that I could get stat bonuses from drinking a smoothie from that store.

"Welcome to 'Sunshine Smoothie'! Can I interest you in our signature energizing smoothie?!"

The overenthusiastic female staff said, while gesturing over to a picture of the energizing smoothie.

"Sure… I'll have the peanut butter and banana smoothie…"

"Coming right up!"

Last time I ordered the strawberry and banana flavor. If I was going to this place every week, I wanted to change it up.

I paid 500 yen to the lady and took the smoothie with me to a nearby bench.

I sipped the peanut butter and banana smoothie through the straw. The peanut and banana flavors mixed well and it had a wonderful, thick consistency.

Drinking from an energizing smoothie has increased your 'Stamina' and 'Charisma' by +1!

Warning: Although 'Sunshine Smoothie' is trending right now, if its popularity declines, you will no longer receive a bonus to 'Charisma' when visiting the store. The popularity of stores changes all the time. Keep an eye on the news to see which stores are currently trending!

…What a pain in the ass.

Although varying quest objectives made for an interesting game mechanic in RPGs, having to actually do this stuff in real life was a bother.
I headed home after finishing the rest of the smoothie.

As soon as I opened the door, Aqua came out and started yelling at me, her phone in hand.

"Kazuma?! Did you give out my phone number to some weirdo?! This guy called Mitsurugi keeps calling me!"

"...He paid good money."

"What am I to you?! Do I really strike you as some girl you can pimp out to random guys?!"

"You aren't?"

"Of course not! Wait, how much is he offering…?"

This is the kind of girl you're going after, Mitsurugi.
Last edited: Sep 5, 2024
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, snoiper1 and 578 others
BoringBone
Sep 5, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 5: A Weapon For This Part-time Warrior!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 6, 2024
Add bookmark
#100
Chapter 5: A Weapon For This Part-time Warrior!

Part 1

I ate dinner with my family, then put on a coat and went out.

"Where are you going, nii-san?"

Kazuto asked, when he saw me putting my shoes on.

"Just gonna go out for a walk."

"Can you buy me some ice cream from the convenience store?"

I was about to ignore him and leave, but…

…If I did something nice for this brat, the family bond rank might go up.

Meaning I might get an increase in my allowance or some other useful reward.

"Sure thing!"

"Eh? Really? I thought you'd refuse for sure…"

Why would he even ask if he thought I'd refuse?

He was probably looking for an excuse to insult me again!

"It's been a while since I treated you~! Look forward to it~!"

"...That's creepy."

Did he want the ice cream or not?

Putting on a fake smile, I closed the door and left the house before Aqua overheard the conversation and asked for ice cream, too.

The real reason I went out was because I wanted to explore the dungeon on my own.

Aqua stole every kill from me last time we went together, while that group outing turned into a complete flop.

After that failure, I decided to do some solo leveling.

When I entered the dungeon, I didn't expect to encounter an enemy right away.

"Kiiii…!"

I attacked the goblin before it could come close to me with [Snipe], after I sensed its presence with [Enemy Detection].

…The breeding cycle of monsters seemed to allow them to repopulate the first floor after a week.

Even if we cleared the monsters last week, there were now new ones lurking around.

The next enemies I sensed was a group of two kobolds.

"[Snipe]!"

I took out the first kobold with a perfectly aimed headshot.

The other kobold saw me and placed a stone in its sling, spinning it around to launch it.

Before it could launch the weapon, I created a mound of dirt in my hand with [Create Earth]...

Then used [Wind Breath] to spray it all over the kobold's face.

"Gack…!"

It coughed and shut its eyes, as fine dirt covered its vision.

I dropped the short bow and brought the spear out from the inventory, stabbing the kobold through the chest with the spear. It was better to save MP, after all.

"Gurk…!"

The second kobold fell to the spear thrust.

You have reached level 4! You gained 1 Skill Point!

You have killed 6 monsters! Quest Reward: Random Loot Box!

Killing those two kobolds allowed me to level up and complete that quest.

As for what I wanted to spend my Skill Points on…

I decided to spend it on [Enemy Detection] again.

Might as well try to max the skill out.

[Enemy Detection] has ranked up!

Detection radius has increased to 25 feet! You can now determine the threat level of enemy creatures!

This skill keeps proving its worth.

Like with the Horned Rabbits, there were monsters that specialized in lowering the guards of those who approached them.

Even the Giant Toads didn't seem like a big threat until we actually faced them.

As for the Random Loot Box, I took the blue gift box out from the inventory and opened it.

I found a piece of paper with a QR code on it.

Service Locator - App Upgrade (Rare)

An Upgrade For This Adventuring App! Use this to find useful services and stores in your city! Sign-up for news about promotions and discounts to relevant stores!

I didn't even know that there were additional features available for the app.

After scanning the QR code, I used the feature.

It gave me a map of the city, as well as indicators to services and stores that were relevant to the dungeon and the app.

'Sunshine Smoothie' was included in the map. There was even a 'Blacksmith' and a 'Magic Item Store'.

"...Why is there a blacksmith and magic item store in the city?"

I took note of the store, especially 'Wiz's Magic Item Store'.

I fiddled around with the new upgrades, when a new notification came up.

Your Quest List has been upgraded!

Play in an official soccer game! Quest Rewards: +2 to all 'Physical stats

Go on a date with Himamori Rin! Quest Rewards: +2 Charisma, +2 Attractiveness

Max out [Enemy Detection] to Rank 5! Quest Rewards: Skill-Up Potion

…Aside from the last one, the difficulty of the quests rose dramatically.

And like I suspected, the experience points rewards from quests were starting to dwindle as I leveled up.

Also, why were most of the quests targeted towards Rin?

Asking for her number… Asking her on a date…

These were less like quests and more like punishment games.

Well, she's been pretty friendly to me. I guess the app has determined she's the only girl I can realistically pursue at the moment.

I didn't mind since she was cute and, most importantly, normal. I had enough with crazies at the moment.

I put my phone away once there were no more new notifications.

Continuing ahead, I took out a few more monsters until I reached the Giant Toad area.

I stared into the black, beady eyes of the toads hopping around in the field.

"Gero…"

"..."

I backed away from them and headed back to the entrance.

…

…

Along with the locations that offered specific services, there were also locations that had quest markers on them.

The quest markers stated that going to these locations would unlock special quests and events.

Among these places was the convenience store and the book store.

Since I didn't want to stay out too long, I settled for going to the convenience store.

I needed to get Kazuto that ice cream anyway.

"Welcome!"

The female staff greeted me when I walked in.

I nodded back and headed to the fridge section and grabbed some ice cream.

300 yen down the drain…

"Thank you for shopping with us!"

The staff bowed again after I bought the ice cream.

While I was wondering what the quest was, my eyes wandered to the 'Now Hiring' sign next to the cash register.

When the staff saw me looking at the sign, she smiled and said,

"Are you interested in some part-time work? We've got night shifts available! We need someone to work Tuesdays and Thursdays."

This is a quest hook if I ever saw one.

"I'm interested…"

I wasn't actually looking forward to having to do work, but I wanted to activate the quest first and see if the rewards were worth it.

The staff gave me the details of the job and the manager's contact information…

New quest available! Get a part-time job!

Quest Rewards: Starting pay of 3,000 yen per shift! +1 Willpower, +1 Bravery per shift!

Bonus rewards available according to performance during the job!

Aside from the pay, it was also a good way to grind stats increases…

I thanked the staff for the information and headed back home.

Part 2

"Ohh…! Nii-san actually got it for me?!"

Kazuto was surprised when I came back and got ice cream for him.

I tossed the ice cream to him and said,

"Don't ever say I don't treat you well…"

"You usually don't, but thanks!"

He couldn't even accept a gift without some kind of passive-aggressive remark.

Satou Family bond rank has increased to Rank 3!

Your brother thinks better of you and might say a few nice things to his friends about you.

Satou Kazuto can now give you 'Charisma lessons'! These lessons are only available once a week!

…How could my own little brother give me lessons on charisma?

He was just a little brat!

Nonetheless, it didn't hurt to make sure. I sat next to him on the couch and said,

"Ne, Kazuto… how are you when it comes to girls?"

"I have a girlfriend right now."

"You do?!"

I didn't know that my own little brother was such a normie…!

Rather… Isn't it too young for him to date?!

"Heh… Is nii-san curious about my techniques? It's easy for me to seduce girls, yanno?"

"I don't think the word 'seduce' should come out of the mouth of a kid like you…"

"...I'm gonna go to high school soon! Stop treating me like a little kid! Hmph… I guess nii-san doesn't need my advice, huh?"

"Fine, go ahead and tell me. I bet it's useless, anyway."

"Alright… Then, first let's start with your approach. Let's take Aqua-nee for example. What's the first thing nii-san would say to her?"

"Yo. What's up, useless bitch."

"The hell's wrong with you?!"

He stood up in shock when I told him how I normally treat Aqua.

"Listen, nii-san… Aqua-nee is a girl who is leagues beyond you! You shouldn't treat her like that! If anything, you should grovel at her feet!"

"...Hah? Oi, you don't know her as much as I do. She's got an awful personality."

"There's no way a girl as beautiful as Aqua-nee has a bad personality! Listen, the next time you see her, you should say this…"

Kazuto then proceeded to tell me a bunch of corny lines you'd expect to see in a romcom movie or shoujo manga.

…Does this stuff actually work?

Your Charisma has increased by +1!

I guess it does.

Even though I didn't think his advice was that great, it still did raise my stats.

I went up to my room and did my homework when I finished listening to Kazuto.

While I was working, Aqua came into my room without knocking.

"Oi, Kazuma… You went out to the dungeon without me, didn't you?"

"...How did you know?"

"There's no way a NEET like you would go out for that long otherwise!"

"Why does it matter to you? You said that you didn't want to go back to the dungeon again."

"Hah? I can't just let those toad freaks get away with disrespecting me! I want my revenge!"

Even though she was crying so much last time.

"Go on your own time. I can't level up with you stealing all the kills."

"...H-How could you say that to a goddess like me?! Listen, I'm an Arch-Priest, got it?! That means that it's my role to support from the backline, where I'm safe!"

"It's not like I'm a frontliner, either…"

Should someone with an advanced class hide behind someone with the weakest class, anyway?

"You have your God Blow or whatever, and you have healing skills. You can go by yourself."

"No, I can't! I simply can't! Kazuma, as someone who dragged me to this world, you have an obligation to protect me!"

"Fine, fine! Whatever! You can come along!"

"Heh… Too easy…"

Even though she was the one begging me…

"You better hold onto your promise, Kazuma! If you break your promise, lightning will come down from the heavens and strike you down!"

"Yeah, yeah…"

She giggled and sat down on my bed, taking out her phone.

"...What are you doing?"

I said, once I saw that she wasn't going to leave.

"What, I can't stay here to hang out? Don't tell me my beautiful self is distracting you…"

"Not at all. Just shut up and don't bother me."

I ignored her and resumed doing my homework.

When I finally finished, I stood up and stretched.

"Hah… Finally!"

"Good work! Do you wanna play now?"

"...I guess? Do you wanna play games or something?"

"Yeah, sure, why not."

I took out a console and played a fighting game with Aqua.

"...?! Why is Kazuma so good at this?!"

Even though I was using the weakest character in the game, I still beat Aqua in every match.

After losing ten times in a row, Aqua tossed the controller aside in a rage.

"This isn't fair! Of course I'd lose to the HikiNEET who used to play games all day!"

"You're the one who wanted to play games…"

"Isn't there anything here I'm good at?!"

She started rummaging around my room.

"Oi… Don't just go looking around my room like that!"

"Why? Don't tell me you're hiding porn or something?"

She smirked, looking around my room even more.

"As if."

I had all that stuff saved up on my PC and my phone.

"Oh? What's this?"

She took out a chess board stashed away in my closet.

"...My family used to play chess all the time."

I almost forgot about it, even though we used to play a lot.

That was before my parents got too busy with work, and before Kazuto and I started drifting apart.

Kazuto would cry whenever I beat him and my parents would convince me to keep playing another round with him.

"...Kazuma, you have an oddly nostalgic look."

I glanced away, feeling kind of silly reminiscing about my past in front of her.

"It's nothing."

"Oh, come on, you're usually always so chatty, just tell me!"

"I guess chess was a bigger part of my childhood than I thought."

I almost forgot about it.

To think I has having an instance of Proust's Madeleine over a dusty chess board Aqua dug up in my closet.

Aqua shook off the dust from the set and opened it up.

"...What are you doing?"

"Heh… I bet I can beat Kazuma in this! Come on, let's play!"

"Fine…"

While we were setting up the pieces, I was surprised to see that Aqua knew the rules. She said,

"When I was bored, I'd look down from my realm and watch how humans spend their time."

If I had to spend all my time in an empty space like that, I guess I'd get bored, too.

We started playing, and it was clear that I had the advantage in chess, too.

"It's not fair! Kazuma has more experience than me!"

"...Look, it's not like I'm an expert or anything."

I didn't know any chess strategies, or openings aside from the most basic ones. I only knew fundamentals like controlling the center and always having developed pieces protected by one or two more pieces. It was just that Aqua made so many blunders that I ended up winning.

"Wait, you can't take my rook with your pawn! My rook is actually a Crusader! It has high defense stats! And your weak pawn is a pathetic Adventurer! There's no way it can take down my Crusader!"

"...Are you making up rules now?"

I sighed and decided to play along. I took back my pawn and attacked the rook with my bishop instead.

"...What?!"

"The bishop is an Arch-Priest. Are you telling me that Arch-Priests can't take down Crusaders?"

"B-But… Ugh…"

Using her own stupid logic against her, I managed to win again.

"I-I'm coming back for revenge! This isn't the last you've heard of me!"

A crying Aqua said some generic mook lines and ran away.

She plans on playing again, huh?

Your bond with Aqua has deepened! Your bond rank is now Rank 3!

Aqua (Water Goddess), Bond Rank: 3

At Rank 3, Aqua will sometimes act reasonable if you ask her to. She will occasionally listen to your demands if you ask nicely. She sees you as a surprisingly reliable HikiNEET who will do things for her if she bugs you enough. She sees you as someone she can mooch off, so it's unlikely that she'll leave.

Bond Rewards: You learn the skill [Night Vision]

[Night Vision] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You have a 15-feet radius of night vision.

…Finally a useful skill!

I thought that way until I remembered that the dungeon was already well-lit by torches.

…As expected of a useless goddess.

Even her bond rewards were useless.

Part 3

"Yo, Satou! You gonna come to practice today?"

Mitsurugi, who I just learned was a fellow dungeon explorer, approached me in my classroom before I could make my escape.

My classmates whispered to themselves, since it was an unusual sight to see Mr. Popular talking to me.

"I already gave you Aqua's number, didn't I? What more do you want from me?"

"Y-You think I'm talking to you just because of that?! I thought that we were getting along last time, though…"

This was the mentality of a normie who believed that they could get along with anyone.

I remembered what he said about the soccer club giving a lot of stat increases.

And I did see that the soccer field was a 'place of interest' in the Service Locator.

"Fine, let's go."

I stood up, grabbed my bag, and followed him to the field.

Your 'Attractiveness' has increased by +1!

I noticed female classmates looking at me in a better light just from my association with Mitsurugi.

Hanging out with a handsome guy was enough to raise attractiveness…

No wonder they usually have a bunch of lap dogs following them around.

The coach was all smiles when he saw us walking to practice together.

"What a sight…! Our ace and our wild card have arrived!"

I still didn't understand why he viewed me so highly.

Despite the high praise, all I ended up doing was more practice drills.

This time, I figured out a hack.

"Ah, coach, I'd like to practice my passing…!"

"Oh, good idea! I'll be your passing partner, then!"

Since dribbling and endurance drills required a lot of effort, I pretended like I wanted to work on my passing.

In reality, I just wanted to slack off.

Your 'Dexterity' has increased by +1!

Just like Mitsurugi said, soccer practice was a good way to increase physical stats.

It also looked like targeted and focused practice yielded better results.

When practice ended, it didn't surprise me too much when Mitsurugi chased me before I could leave.

"Hey, Satou, wait up…!"

He had a friendly smile on his face as he ran after me. I said,

"...You know, I've been wondering… Are you trying to spend time with me to increase our bond rank?"

"?! N-Not really?!"

I hit the nail on the head.

Since we both had the app, it wasn't surprising that we both had the 'Bond' feature.

I couldn't think of a reason why a popular guy like him would stick around me so much. The first time, he wanted to find a way to contact Aqua. Now that he had her number, I couldn't think of a reason why he'd want to keep following me around.

"...W-Well… Don't you want the bond reward, too? I mean, from what I've seen, they can provide a lot of useful power-ups…"

"Viewing other human beings as sources of power-ups is kind of scummy…"

Then I remembered that I used my own brother to increase my family's bond rank.

"...You know what, maybe it's not bad to hang out."

"I'm glad you changed your mind, but… What's with that guilty look on your face?"

Compared to him who just wanted to mutually benefit from an acquaintance, I exploited a family member to grind my stats.

We decided to go to a family restaurant. It was the same one that I went to with the girls.

The reason why I chose that place wasn't because I was necessarily impressed with their food--it was decent at best--but because I saw that there was an available quest with the 'Service Locator'.

When I told Mitsurugi about the 'Service Locator', he said,

"Whoa! That sounds super useful! You said you got that from a random loot box? How lucky… I only ever get 'Common' rarity items…"

"What's your luck score?"

"My luck score is 40…"

It seemed that my luck score was quite extraordinary.

Just when I was wondering what the quest was, the waitress came over and said,

"Welcome! We're having a new gimmick… I mean, promotion today! There's a new super spicy curry on our menu! And when I say spicy… You have to sign a waiver to eat it! If you manage to finish the entire curry, you get a reward!"

"...What's the reward?"

"You get a 50% discount on your next meal! Your picture will also go up on our wall!"

What a cheap prize.

Just when I was about to decline…

New quest available! Complete the spicy curry challenge!

Quest Rewards: Learn the skill [Heat Resistance]!

…With a new skill on the line, there was no way I could pass it up.

Mitsurugi's eyes widened as he looked at his phone. He also unlocked the same quest.

We both nodded to each other.

"Alright… The waivers have been signed! Good luck to our first contestants!"

All eyes were on us as they brought out two bowls of curry.

We were both relieved when we saw that they weren't big bowls, but that relief faded away when they placed it in front of us.

"W-Why is it so red…?"

"The smell is so…"

We both went pale.

"Ready…? Start…!"

We nodded to each other and took our spoons.

And dug in…

"...?! Oh… no…"

Mitsurugi whimpered as the first bite entered his mouth. He forced himself to swallow.

I took my own bite.

"..."

"Satou…?! Oi, hang in there…!"

Mitsurugi shook my shoulder just when I felt like I was about to faint. With bleary eyes, I said,

"...I can't do this. This is actual poison. My anus will break if I eat this."

"Do it for the skill, Satou! How many times do you see a quest give out a skill as a reward?! This is a rare chance!"

I knew he was right. I took another spoonful.

My life flashed before my eyes.

"You can do it, Satou! Don't give up!"

"...You keep saying that, but I don't see your spoon moving!"

After the first few bites, it felt like my taste buds died.

That was actually for the best, since that meant that my tongue was too numb to feel the pain.

My lips and tongue felt swollen by the time I shovelled the last bite of curry into my mouth.

Mitsurugi finished soon after.

"Congratulations to our winners! Please smile for the picture!"

Mitsurugi and I smiled with our Mr. Popo lips as the waitress took our pictures.

You have unlocked a new skill!

[Heat Resistance] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You can endure heat more than the average person can. When up against magical heat, the success rate of this skill is determined by your 'Willpower' (20).

…Since my willpower was so low, didn't this mean that this skill was pretty much useless for me?

"Yes! This skill is so worth it!"

Mitsurugi cheered, pumping his fist when he looked at his app.

At least he got something good out of it.

Part 4

"Well, that was painful, but at least we got a good skill…"

Mitsurugi said, as we walked to the train station.

The meal ended up costing me 850 yen. Not only did they destroy my digestive system, they even made me pay for it.

If I didn't get that 2,000 yen from Mitsurugi before, my funds would have been dangerously low after that.

…Maybe I should actually take that convenience store job.

"That was horrible, but if you find another quest like that again, make sure to tell me. Oh, we should probably exchange numbers, huh?"

"...Why should I exchange numbers with a guy?"

"No offense, but I don't think you're popular enough with girls to say something like that, Satou."

We exchanged contacts.

I gave him a lazy wave as we parted ways.

Your bond with Mitsurugi Kyouya has deepened!

Mitsurugi Kyouya (Soccer Club Ace), Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, Mitsurugi Kyouya will view you as an acquaintance that he has endured a harsh trial with. He will gladly do favors for you if you help him get closer with Aqua. He will frequently give you tips when it comes to the dungeon. Staying on the soccer team and working hard in practice will deepen your bond with him.

Bond Rewards: Learn the [Quick-Draw] skill!

[Quick-Draw] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp cost)

When you have a sheathed sword, draw it quickly to catch your opponent off guard. Use your 'Cunning' (72) against the opponent's 'Intuition' score. If the opponent is caught off guard, your attack damage will increase by +1.

I was surprised by how effective his bond reward was.

Since this skill was related to swords, I thought about visiting the blacksmith shop I saw in my map.

However, I doubted that I could actually buy anything useful with just the 2,150 yen I had on me…

Same goes for the magic shop.

Instead, I decided to go to the bookstore, since I promised Rin I would check out some of the books she recommended.

I used to only go to the bookstore if a manga or light novel I wanted was out, and I never really took the chance to read general fiction and other forms of literature.

I tried looking for some books that Rin talked about before, but I couldn't remember all of them.

Taking my phone out, I texted Rin and asked her to remind me.

It was my first text message to her.

"Senpai! You're at the bookstore now? Is it the Kinokuniya close to the train station? I'm actually close by, doing some grocery shopping. I can help you pick out some books now!"

…Is this my insanely high 'Luck' stat at work?

I waited for Rin to come, browsing through some random magazines I found, ending up with a fashion magazine aimed at highschool students.

It was mostly aimed at girls, but there was a segment for guys, too.

I didn't really care much about fashion, but some of the trends seemed kind of weird to me.

For example, it said in the magazine that those baggy parachute pants were popular among guys.

…They looked kind of lame to me.

Your 'Attractiveness' has increased by +1!

Were parachute pants really that attractive?!

"Senpai! Sorry to keep you waiting!"

I set the magazine down and saw Rin behind me, breathing a little heavily.

She was holding a grocery bag with a green onion sticking out at the side.

"Oh? Are you interested in fashion, senpai?"

She said, noticing me putting the fashion magazine back in the rack.

"Not really. I was just occupying my time."

"Even so, don't you think it's good to read a bunch of different things you normally wouldn't? It expands your horizons and viewpoints, doesn't it?"

"I guess you have a lot of desire to learn."

"...Not really. I mean, in terms of learning… My grades aren't that high. I guess I just like experiencing things, more than actually studying and learning, if that makes sense."

I reached for her grocery bag and took it. She blinked in surprise, then giggled.

"My, senpai. You're such a gentleman."

Your 'Cunning' has increased by +1!

Why did 'Cunning' increase?!

Shouldn't it be 'Charisma'?!

I put my phone back in my pocket and said,

"So… Where are those books you wanted to show me?"

"They're over here!"

She led me to the 'Fantasy' section, hopping around excitedly. Her ponytail bobbed along behind her.

"...Unlike the fairy-tale stories I gave senpai before, these stories fall more under the classification of dark fantasy… Is senpai fine with extreme subjects?"

"Yeah, I'm fine with it."

She started handing me a bunch of books, but I was worried about my budget.

In the end, I ended up buying two books that cost me about 1,000 yen each. Rin let me use her Kinokuniya membership card for a discount.

"Here, a gift for senpai!"

She placed another book on the counter.

"Um… I don't think I can afford that…"

I only had 150 yen left in my wallet.

"Don't worry! I have some credits saved up! This one's on me."

"I can't let you do that…"

"Trust me, senpai. I've been waiting so long for someone to talk about my favorite books with! You're actually doing me a huge favor here!"

Showing me a beaming smile, I couldn't argue with her.

We walked out of the bookstore once we finished the purchase.

"Do you live close by, senpai?"

Rin asked, as we stood around in front of the bookstore.

"I have to take a train home. I live in a more rural area."

"I see… I live pretty close to the train station. It's convenient, right?"

"If you want, I can walk you home. Your groceries are a bit heavy, anyway."

I said, lifting the bag of groceries she had.

"Ah, sorry about that…! There was a sale… I don't usually eat that much!"

She didn't need to clarify that, considering how slim her figure was.

"As for senpai walking me home… I think I'll take you up on the offer."

As we walked to her place, Rin talked about the books she recommended to me, doing her best not to spoil too much of the story.

"Alright, we're here! Thanks for walking me home, senpai! You really are a gentleman, you know that?"

"...Some would disagree."

"Eh?! Who would say that?!"

Those who actually knew me well.

"Thanks a lot, senpai! It was fun, we should do it again!"

"Yeah, we should. I'll text you later to tell you what I think about the books."

"I'm looking forward to it!"

I handed her the groceries. She smiled at me again and waved as she headed to her apartment.

Your bond with Hinamori Rin has deepened!

Hinamori Rin (Librarian on Duty), Bond Rank: 3

At Rank 3, Hinamori Rin will see you as a dependable senpai who she can share her passion for books with! At this stage in your relationship, she won't mind even if you constantly text and call her. If you flirt with her, she might flirt back. Have fun getting flirty with her!

Bond Rewards: You learn the skill [Enemy Reading]!

[Enemy Reading] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

When facing an enemy you have encountered before, you will see their basic combat stats (Armor Score, Health Points). This information will hover above the enemy.

…So far, I'd say that Rin had the most useful bond rank-up rewards.

Perhaps that was why there were a lot of quests aimed towards getting closer with her.

Also, I didn't even realize it, but the relationship had progressed to a flirtatious point…

…Did that mean that I actually had a chance with her?

I, Satou Kazuma, will never follow the cliche of spineless protagonists in light novels and manga.

If an opportunity comes for me to hook up with a girl, there's no reason for me to waste it.

Perhaps if I made up an excuse to come over to her place, I could get even closer with Rin…

Warning: Pushing boundaries with bond partners might cause the bond to dissolve and you'll lose rank-up rewards until the relationship is fixed!

I headed straight home.

Part 5

Since I survived most of the week at school, my parents gave me my allowance.

I was grateful for the extra 1,000 yen, since I spent most of my money on those books.

Speaking of those books, I finished one of them last night and gained +1 in creativity.

I also talked with Rin for an hour before she had to go to bed.

Before, I couldn't keep up with all her book talk, but I actually found myself responding easily now that I read a bunch of books that she recommended to me.

"...Oi, Satou!"

While I was on my way to school, Mitsurugi came jogging after me.

…My bond rewards must have been damn good if this guy kept chasing after me.

Well, not like I could deny that I wanted his bond rewards as well.

"Oh? Senpai…!"

While I was walking with Mitsurugi, Rin saw me and ran after me.

She looked at Mitsurugi and blinked.

"...I figured senpai was more of a bookworm type like me… Could it be that senpai is actually the athletic type?"

Mitsurugi chuckled and said,

"Well… He is on the soccer team… Wait, Satou is a bookworm?"

Having two people I had different bond ranks with meeting each other… How awkward.

I didn't even realize it but there was a big difference in how I treated Rin compared to the others.

I was a lot nicer, for instance.

Thankfully, they didn't talk about how I acted differently when I was alone with them. The conversation drifted to small talk.

Unlike me, they had a lot more social awareness, huh?

Once Rin separated from us to go to the first-year wing, Mitsurugi said,

"Sorry, Satou… I didn't mean to hijack the walk to school with your girlfriend..."

"...Mitsurugi, you're unexpectedly kind."

"Huh? What did I say that was kind?"

Mitsurugi thought that I could get a girlfriend, huh?

Perhaps I'd been treating him too harshly.

After promising Mitsurugi that I'd show up to practice, we split off and headed to our own classes.

While I was in class, I was thinking about my lack of funds.

I thought about going to the convenience store and applying for the job.

I didn't really want to work, but I couldn't advance in the dungeon with the mediocre equipment I had.

I figured that the 'blacksmith' and 'magic store' would have a bunch of useful upgrades that would let me beat even those Giant Toads…

Once class ended, I went over to the soccer field without having Mitsurugi coerce me.

He was surprised to see me come of my own volition.

"I didn't think you'd actually come on your own…"

"Like you said, it's an easy way to grind stats. I'm just taking your advice."

"...Just to clarify, I actually like playing soccer. I'm not just using club activities just to grind stats."

"The fact you need to clarify that makes me suspicious of your real intentions."

"...Believe whatever you want."

He gave me a blank look.

I guess he wasn't easy to tease.

We headed over to the field and I resumed doing my passing training with the coach.

This time, I didn't get a boost to my 'Dexterity'. I suppose I couldn't just spam the same practice over and over.

"...Ah, I'd like to work on my dribbling next."

"Satou-kun… You're truly inspirational!"

If only he knew why I was actually doing this.

But I still didn't get any stat increases.

"Satou-kun… Please don't check your phone so much during practice…"

"I'm using a fitness app to track my activity."

"You're an exemplary member of this club!"

Your 'Cunning' has increased by +1!

Why was it only that stat that increases every time?!

When we took a break, I asked Mitsurugi why my stats weren't increasing.

"...Stats only increase with meaningful practice or the production of meaningful outcomes. If your 'Cunning' score keeps increasing, that must mean that the lie you told has changed things in your favor. But if you're just lazily dribbling around cones, that doesn't count as a meaningful practice or a meaningful outcome."

I kept forgetting that Mitsurugi was more knowledgeable than me when it came to the app.

Not that I'd tell him that.

"Here, let's have some 1v1 practice together."

"...Shouldn't you play with the main squad?"

"It's fine, it's fine. Those guys can handle themselves. A team is only as strong as its weakest link."

I knew he was just telling the truth, but I hated getting called the weakest link.

Mitsurugi kicked the ball over to me. I trapped it under my foot.

"Alright, let's do some real dribbling practice. You won't improve just by going around cones. Try to get past me."

From what I saw, Mitsurugi was a pure striker.

Since he didn't specialize in defense, maybe even a beginner like me had a chance.

I walked towards him, with a lazy look in my eyes.

Then, I suddenly dipped into a more athletic position and sprung forward.

"...Whoa!"

Mitsurugi got caught off guard.

However, he turned just before I passed him completely and snatched the ball away from me.

"Ah…"

I actually thought I got past him.

"That actually wasn't bad, Satou. You knew you couldn't beat me in terms of techniques, so you used that cunning that you're so good at…"

"You know, it's not like I'm proud of having such a high cunning stat…"

"You say that, but I did get some kind of sneaky [Feint Slash] skill from your bond rank-up reward…"

This app viewed me as a despicable character, huh?

"Ah, but it's a really useful skill! A lot of my skills and attacks are really straightforward, so I could use some lessons in subterfuge…"

His idea of praise just pissed me off even more.

We kept practicing. Mitsurugi gave me some pointers on how to tighten my dribble.

I never did get past him, but the practice was certainly more practical and effective than using those cones.

Your 'Dexterity' has improved by +1!

Just like Mitsrugui predicted, it worked.

"Oh…! My 'Intuition' increased after facing your tricky movements, Satou!"

Was I really that much of a trickster type of character?

Part 6

Mitsurugi wanted to hang out after school to increase our bond again.

I rejected the offer, since I wanted to go to the convenience store and apply for the job.

"You're hired."

"Huh…? That easily?"

I said, when the store manager accepted me within 15 minutes of me giving him my resume and doing an interview.

"As a matter of fact, can you start now?"

"...Alright, what kinda shady thing is going on in this store?"

He sighed and rubbed his face.

He was a typical middle aged man with hairy arms. He also wore a shirt that was a size too small for him.

"One of our cashiers was caught stealing a few days ago. A bunch of our other regulars quit because they didn't want to get involved in the mess."

They wanted to avoid the whole 'guilty by association' stigma, huh?

"So that's the only reason why you're hiring?"

"Look, do you want the job or not?"

I wouldn't really get affected by the crime stigma, since I wasn't around when it happened.

In fact, this was a really good situation for me.

I accepted the job.

"Alright, can you start now? Don't worry, I'll pay you right after your shift is over."

"...This sounds really shady."

"Like I said, I'm in a tough spot here!"

I accepted the terms, since I did want to get my money right away.

The manager threw me to the fire without any training whatsoever.

Even if that was the case, the cash register was more or less automated. I was just there to smile and scan products for customers.

It was a straightforward enough job that I didn't really need training for.

However, it was probably a lot more stressful if I did this full-time. The fact that I only had to do it for three hours was what made it seem easy in my eyes.

"Welcome… Ugh…"

"Eh? Kazuma? Kishishishi! What are you doing here?!"

Just when I thought the job was easy, Aqua showed up in casual clothes.

"I work here now."

"Pffft! You look so lame in that outfit! Let me take a picture!"

She took out her phone and started taking pictures of me in the conbini uniform.

Since it was my job, I forced myself to smile while she took pictures.

"...Those pictures will cost 1,000 yen each."

"Hah?! What do you mean by that?! Whatever. Hurry up and scan these already."

She dumped a bunch of snacks and treats in front of me.

"You'll get fat."

"A goddess like me can't get fat! Besides, we're gonna go to the dungeon tonight, anyway!"

"We are?"

"Yeah, I just decided!"

"And who says that you get to decide what I do?"

"On my way here, three guys begged me to go to a tea shop with them, yet you still don't understand my value?! If I wanted to, I could easily become an idol or actress in this country! You should be honored by the fact that I'm willing to go dungeon diving with you!"

"That'll be 3,550 yen."

I ignored her and scanned the items for her.

She brought out the money my parents gave her and handed it over to me.

This freeloader was using my own parents' money to pay for the items she was buying in the store I was working at.

Aqua eventually left after paying for her treats.

I spent the rest of the three hour shift without any trouble.

Once it was done, the manager came over and said that my shift was over.

"Good work, kid. You're a fast learner. Here's your pay."

He handed me 3,000 yen. I gladly accepted it.

You gained +1 Willpower and +1 Bravery from your part-time work!

After changing out of the uniform, I left the store and headed to the blacksmith.

Aqua made me promise to go to the dungeon, but I wasn't in a hurry to entertain her whims.

The so-called 'blacksmith' just ended up being a pawn shop.

"...Seriously?"

I said, looking at the cheap-looking pawn shop.

I double-checked the Service Locator to see if it was in the right place, but there wasn't any mistake.

Deciding to give it a chance, I entered the store.

"...Welcome."

A disinterested looking elderly man gave me a bored greeting.

He had a muscular body, especially for an elderly man. He was reading a magazine and only spared me a quick glance when I entered.

"Sorry, kid, I don't sell porn to minors."

Did I look like that much of a pervert?

"...No, I'm here for blacksmith services."

I decided to take a chance and said 'blacksmith' as if it was a code word.

If the app made some kind of mistake, then I could just brush it off as a joke.

The man looked up from his magazine and squinted at me.

"You an app user?"

I nodded and showed him the app. I said,

"I guess this run-down pawn shop is just a front, huh?"

"Are you trying to pick a fight or something? I'm actually running a pawn shop, asshole!"

"My mistake… So what's the deal with this place?"

"The 'blacksmith' shit is just a side gig. I got that weird app on a phone my daughter gave me for my birthday. At first I thought it was a joke, but I ended up entering that dungeon."

Aqua said that it was usually youth who qualified for the app.

Well, I guess there were exceptions like this guy.

Then again, he didn't even have a combat class. Maybe adults could qualify for trades classes...

"Did you manage to go deep into the dungeon?"

"Not really. Maybe back in the day, I could have explored more of the dungeon, but I'm an old man now."

"I guess those muscles are just for show…"

"Want to see if they're really just for show or not?"

He raised a fist, threatening me with it. When I shook my head, he said,

"...Well, since I got the 'Blacksmith' class, I just focused on gathering materials and making weapons and armor. Figured I could sell them to other app users. Most of them tend to be kids like you, but I've seen some adults. It's very rare, but it happens. A lot of those adults end up making it a business opportunity, like what I'm doing."

It made sense that it wasn't only young people who had the potential to enter the dungeon, despite what Aqua said.

This wasn't some kids anime meant to sell toys, after all.

Rather, the fact that Aqua barely knew the demographic of the app-users really reinforced her stupidity. Not like there were any doubts.

Or maybe she didn't bother giving cheat items to adults who didn't have combat classes. This guy didn't explore much of the dungeon, after all.

"So are you gonna buy something, kid? I've got the [Intermediate Smith] skill, so I can craft gear from monsters in the level 15-30 range. I can even create custom equipment for you."

"...[Intermediate Smith]? Is there a way to improve the standard [Smith] skill?"

"Yeah. Once you've reached the max rank in a skill, there's sometimes more advanced versions of them available that you can unlock after meeting some special requirements. They cost a lot of skill points to rank-up, though."

"How much does it cost to make a custom item?"

"I usually charge 8,000 yen."

"Why is it so damn expensive?!"

"Do you want it or not?!"

I sighed and took out my app, selling the Horn-tipped Spear for 5,000 yen.

Spears were useful in almost every scenario, but I couldn't use it in conjunction with the [Quick Draw] skill.

I also took out 3,000 yen from my own pocket and gave it all to him.

"Thanks for your business. What do you have in mind for the custom item?"

"I have the [Quick Draw] skill and it seems like it's based on Iaido. A katana that's easy to draw from its sheath might be the best bet…"

"Are you sure you're not just thinking that katanas are cool?"

He got me.

"Alright, I get it. Give me a moment."

He stood up, placed the magazine down on the counter, and headed to the back of the store.

I looked at the magazine.

"..."

It was a porno.

I read it while I waited for him.

Part 7

After spending most of my funds, I didn't even bother going to the magic store.

If ordinary gear was that expensive, I couldn't imagine that magical gear was cheaper.

Besides, if I kept Aqua waiting any longer, she'd nag me for hours.

"Kazuma, you're late! You're so late! How dare you make a goddess wait so long!"

It was around 8 pm when I got back.

"Shut up! You're the one who forced this on me!"

I didn't really feel like going to the dungeon, especially since Aqua was going to try and get revenge on the toads again.

Even so, I found myself going to the train station with Aqua. She was humming a happy tune the whole time, as if she had forgotten all the bad experiences she had in the dungeon.

Taking the train at night was a different feeling. The scenery of the city at night was dark and mysterious. The city lights were also quite inspiring.

As always, Aqua got a lot of stares from people. It was a constant reminder that Aqua was supposedly quite a catch, although I couldn't even see her as a girl anymore.

I once took a picture of Aqua sleeping on the couch, with her clothes in a disarray. I tried to jerk off to it later that night, but I couldn't even get hard.

I thought that it was a common guy problem, the inability to jerk off to girls I knew.

But then I tried jerking off to Darkness, and I managed to do it just fine.

Even doing it for Rin, Megumin and Chris ended up as a successful venture.

The only anomaly was Aqua.

"...Why do I feel like Kazuma is having rude thoughts about me?"

Is she psychic?

…

…

A train ride later, we ended up in the dungeon.

"Fufu… I got quite a useful item this time, Kazuma. I got it from a quest!"

She said, as we walked inside, letting the numerous torches on the wall illuminate our path.

"Oh? With your shitty luck, I didn't think you'd manage to get a good item. What is it?"

"It's a perfume that attracts all kinds of monsters to attack the user! This way, we'll get lots of EXP!"

"...Eh?"

I blinked, Aqua's comments just starting to dawn on me.

There was a rumbling in the ground, followed by ominous noises.

"Kiiii…!"

"Skree…!"

"Hissss…!"

My [Enemy Detection] went haywire as it warned me of a bunch of monsters coming out all at once.

"W-What did you do?! Are you actually insane?!"

I said, starting to back away from the monsters.

"Pfft! Are you this much of a coward, Kazuma? Fine, I figured I'd share some kills with you, but I guess I'll take everything! Take my divine fury, you stupid monsters! [God Blow]!"

She charged, her punch connecting with a big rat monster.

"...! I did it, Kazuma! Now to take out the others… Eh? W-Wait… Isn't there a lot of them?!"

Was she nearsighted, or just plain dumb?

Realizing that she couldn't possibly take out all these monsters by punching them, she turned around and started to run away.

"Kashuma-san! Pwease help…?!"

"Skreee…!"

The monsters chased after the retreating Aqua.

"You idiot! Why are you leading them to me?!"

"Pwease do something, Kashuma-saannn!"

There was still a lot of distance we had to run to reach the entrance.

As much as I wanted to abandon Aqua, my family would probably start asking questions if I didn't come back home with her.

I might even get blamed for her disappearance.

I sighed and turned around to face the monsters, letting Aqua run ahead of me.

"[Wind Breath]!"

I exhaled out a gust of wind, aiming it at the torches all along the walls.

The usually well-lit dungeon became dark.

The [Night Vision] skill I got from Aqua, which I once figured was useless, allowed me to see in the dark.

"Skreee!"

The monsters who had night-vision didn't have any problems and charged forward.

Namely, the Giant Bats all flew towards us. There were three of them who approached.

[Enemy Reading] activated and told me that each of them had 5 HP and an armor score of 0.

"[Snipe]!"

I took down two of them before they could reach us.

"Skreee!"

I dropped the bow and in one motion…

"[Quick-Draw]!"

...I drew out my newly purchased katana and sliced the bat in half.

After sheathing my new katana, I picked up the bow again and ran as fast as I could with Aqua.

I heard my phone ring, indicating that there was a new notification from the app, but I didn't have time to go look at it, spending all my efforts in escaping.

For some reason, I felt like I could run way faster than usual.

Eventually, we outran the monsters and reached the entrance. We came spilling out from the door.

I hurriedly closed the door before any monsters could follow us outside.

"You useless goddess! What were you thinking?! Why didn't you mention anything about that monster attracting perfume?!"

"I didn't say anything because I didn't want you to question it! I know how much of a worrywart you are! Besides, I was on a time limit!"

"...Does the perfume have a short time limit?"

"Nope! It actually lasts for several hours!"

"Then what's with the hurry…?"

"Since I'm a goddess of water, I tend to turn a lot of fluids I touch into water! If that perfume stayed on my skin for long enough, it would lose its properties and become water eventually!"

"Instead of a goddess of water, the higher-ups should change your title to the goddess of disappointment."

"Is that really what you think of me?! Anyway, the perfume should wear out in a few minutes. After that, let's go back! Wait… Why are you walking away, Kazuma?!"

"As if I'd go back inside after all that! I'm going home!"

"Wait, Kazuma! I haven't even had revenge on the toads yet!"

I ignored all her begging and complaining as we headed back.

I checked the notification on the app that I missed earlier.

Your cowardly running has unlocked a new skill!

[Escape] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp cost)

Chance to escape hostile enemies increases by +10%. Ability to escape is determined by 'Speed' stat (43).

…Considering how many close calls I had in the dungeon, this skill might be worth investing points into after I max out [Enemy Detection].

The only good thing that came out of this excursion was that I managed to grab some monster parts to sell.

You sold the monster materials for 500 yen!

...I almost died for 500 yen, huh?

As for Aqua, the reason why I almost died, she complained the whole time as we went back home.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, snoiper1 and 538 others
BoringBone
Sep 6, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 6: An Official Match For This Sub!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#115
Chapter 6: An Official Match For This Sub!

Part 1

I had a late dinner and was about to take a bath when Aqua started whining.

"If you keep running away all the time, you'll never gain levels, Kazuma!"

"...My 'Bravery' stat is at 24. It's not my fault."

"It's completely your fault if it's that low!"

"Cowardice is what allowed my ancestors to survive. Risk-takers don't get to live another day!"

"No need to be afraid, Kazuma! Since I'm a goddess and all, I already have a bunch of high level healing skills! I can even use the [Resurrection] spell in case you die!"

"...That's not exactly reassuring."

Why would I want to die and leave my fate in this idiot's hands? I said,

"Listen… If you didn't do unnecessary shit, you might actually have some use. All you need to do is heal and buff me. We might see a lot of success if you didn't sabotage everything with your dumbass stunts."

"Why are you always so harsh towards me, Kazuma?! Is that how you talk to girls?! You'll never get laid at this point!"

"What does that have to do with what we're talking about?!"

I closed the bathroom door on her, then proceeded to take a bath.

The whole time, Aqua was banging on the door.

I tried to relax, but that banging was grating on the ears.

"What's your problem?!"

I came out of the bath and opened the door, wearing a short towel around my waist. She said,

"You can't just ignore me! You need to treat me with more respect!"

"I'll respect you once you actually deserve it!"

"You need to work harder, Kazuma! We have to beat the Demon King, or else I can't go back!"

"...You know, I'm starting to think that I don't even have a chance against the Demon King."

"Hah?! How much of a coward are you! You're one of the chosen few who have the potential to defeat the Demon King!"

"You say that, but there are other heroes who have OP cheat weapons and powers. Even if I don't do anything, one of those guys will beat the Demon King."

"...I guess you're right. But if those guys don't succeed, you still need to train so you can take out the Demon King!"

"And I'm telling you I don't think that's possible."

"What do you mean by that?! You have me by your side!"

And that's exactly why I didn't think it was possible.

My stats were mediocre to begin with. Thanks to the Adventurer class, I could learn a variety of skills and manage to survive so far in the dungeon.

But in order to defeat someone with the title of Demon King, I doubted that my loosely connected variety of skills was enough to do even any serious damage to him. I said,

"The only reason why I'm doing all this stuff is because the app seems to make my life better. Even if I don't take the dungeon seriously, I'm making money and even getting closer to girls…"

"Oiii! The app isn't some self-improvement program! It's supposed to make you powerful enough to take down the Demon King and his generals! Why are you treating it as some multi-purpose organizational tool to get your life in order…?!"

"Hah? Look at all the quests it's giving me! 'Joining the soccer team', 'get a girl's number', 'work a part-time job'. How are these quests supposed to help me defeat the Demon King?! There was even a quest that told me to drink a smoothie!"

Aqua glanced away and started backing away from me.

"W-Well… The app is customized to fit whoever is using it. I guess that before you become a hero who can defeat the Demon King, it's trying to make you become a person who can someday become a hero who can defeat the Demon King…"

"It's too slow paced! Where are my bullshit powerups?! I'm supposed to be power creeping everyone by now!"

"L-Like I said before! The app isn't some magical tool that gives you a crazy amount of power instantly! It merely displays your growth as a person! If you want to blame anyone, blame yourself for being untalented!"

While we were yelling, my mother peeked her head in to see why we were yelling.

She looked at me, with only a towel around my waist.

"Lover's spat, huh?"

She returned to her room and closed the door.

She couldn't have been further from the truth.

Aqua crossed her arms and said,

"...In any case, just because your progress has been slow, don't use that as an excuse to slack off on your training, Kazuma! You're only Level 4, of course you're not as powerful as you could be! You're just not taking enough risks in the dungeon! You're also not spending enough time grinding levels!"

"What's even the point of grinding levels? I only get 1 Skill Point every time I level up."

"...J-Just work harder from here on out!"

Aqua couldn't find a proper rebuttal and went back to her room in a huff.

Part 2

I was walking to school when Rin saw me and joined me.

I noticed that Mitsurugi was about to approach me, but when he saw Rin, he gave me a thumb up and walked away.

That guy was unexpectedly cool sometimes.

"Hm? Senpai, you look like you're in a bad mood…"

Rin said, when she noticed the scowl on my face, which remained there after my argument with Aqua.

"It's nothing."

"You can tell me, senpai! Oh, I know! It's girl trouble, isn't it?"

She was somewhat right, but I bet she was imagining something else.

"Just had an argument with someone, I guess."

"I see… And does senpai care about that person?"

"Hah?"

"Why is senpai making that face as if I said something incredibly offensive?"

I couldn't help but make a face as if someone falsely accused me of committing a horrible crime. I said,

"I think it's an exaggeration to say that I care about this person. Something they said just made me really mad."

"Well, if you care that much about what they said, I think that senpai actually does care about this person, at least to a certain extent."

"No, no, that's not true."

She giggled when I denied her speculation. She said,

"You know, I'm actually kind of jealous. I don't really have any friends that I can have arguments with."

"Why would you want to argue with your friends? I think having harmonious friendships is better."

"I figure that the closer you are to someone, the more you can argue with them. It means that you're willing to show your true self to them. I mean, could you imagine spending a lot of time with someone without having any disagreements whatsoever?"

"It's fine to have disagreements, but there is such a thing as incompatibility. If two people just can't get along, why force it?"

"I disagree with that! I think that it's better to surround yourself with people who have opposing viewpoints to your own. It's like solving a puzzle. You can't make a beautiful picture if you only have copies of the same piece!"

"I think life is more peaceful if like minded people stick together."

"Oh, my. Senpai, could it be… Are we having a disagreement?"

"Ah…!"

I didn't even realize it, but she was right.

She giggled and said,

"Does that mean that we're incompatible, senpai?"

"I-I guess not."

"I'm glad I could make you see things my way! Don't worry, I got something out of what you said, too. It's not like arguments are all about who's right or wrong, or who comes out as the victor, you know? It's really all about learning from one another."

Why was this first-year girl so mature?

…

…

It was becoming routine for me to head to the soccer field after classes.

After changing out of my uniform, I joined the others in the field.

There was an official game that day. Not that it mattered to me, since I was just cheering from the bench.

The coach didn't have his usual enthusiasm when we saw him. He said,

"I have bad news, everyone. It seems that a few of our players tried the new 'spicy curry challenge' at a family restaurant. Their digestive systems couldn't handle it and they are now out of commission for the next few days."

Don't tell me…

The coach turned to me and said,

"Since we have a game today, we'll have to rely on substitutes to take their place. Satou-kun, please prepare yourself to play in the game!"

…It was this kind of cliched development.

"Hah? Why can't we just forfeit if we don't have enough players?"

I said, looking for any excuse to not play.

Sure, I'd like to complete that quest, but this was too big of a step for me.

"...B-But we do have enough players. You're a substitute… You're supposed to fill in when the starters can't play."

Damn it.

Since there were lots of players in the club, I didn't think that I'd actually have to play an actual game.

To think that they'd all take on that stupid challenge…

Even though Mitsurugi and I didn't have any problems.

Mitsurugi was pale when he approached me. He leaned in and whispered,

"...I-I think it's our fault, Satou."

"Huh? What do you mean?"

"Think about it… We unlocked the [Heat Resistance] skill as soon as we finished the challenge. That means our digestive systems improved to handle the consequences of the spicy food. The skill saved us before our bodies digested the curry."

"I still don't see how that's a problem…"

"Well… I heard that the restaurant thought the challenge was too easy since we, the first contestants, finished it easily and didn't show any side effects. As a result, they added even more spice to the curry…"

Even though the reward was only a 50% discount and having your photo hung up on the wall.

How cheap was the owner of that restaurant?!

Once he explained it that way, I could understand why he thought it was our fault that our teammates suffered a grim fate.

That curry must have been more painful going out than in.

I made a quick prayer for their holes.

Your earnest prayer has increased your 'Faith' by +1!

After making my prayer, I said,

"...What am I supposed to do now? I'll just make a fool out of myself out there."

"Just try your best. Stick to the fundamentals and pass it to whoever is open."

He gave me as much advice as he could while doing our warmups and drills.

Half an hour later, the opposing school arrived for the match.

The bleachers were also starting to fill with spectators.

"Kyaa! Mitsurugi-kyuun! Do your best~!"

Mitsurugi had a bunch of female fans as usual.

Part 3

Once the officials arrived, the starting 11 from both schools stood in a line to bow.

"Wait… Satou, is that you?"

In front of me, there was a guy I recognized.

He used to go to the same middle school as me.

"Eh…? Satou… I heard you went to this school, but… I didn't know you played soccer?"

He said, confusion all over his face.

"...I didn't feel like the quality of our middle school team was worthy of my skills."

I said, trying to rile him up.

"Hah?! Oi… Just because we went to the same middle school, I won't go easy on you! I don't care how good you are!"

Your 'Cunning' has increased by +1!

He fell for it so easily.

Once we went back to our side, Mitsurugi who witnessed the interaction said,

"Satou… Why are you antagonizing your former schoolmate?"

I looked around before saying,

"They don't know that I actually suck. I figured that we could use that to our advantage."

"...I don't know what you're planning but I guess I'll go along with it."

Since the only thing I could do was pass and dribble a little bit, the coach slotted me in at Midfield.

It was still an important position, but he also couldn't trust me at defense and there was no way I could handle the responsibilities of a Forward.

…Also, most of the guys who got hit by the curry challenge played as Midfielders. It was the position with the biggest gap.

Which also described their holes after eating all that curry.

Our team ran a '4-2-3-1' formation. Since they couldn't trust me as a Defensive Midfielder, they assigned me as an Attacking Midfielder.

"I believe in the potential sleeping within you, Satou-kun…"

The ever optimistic coach, who just gave me a vital position in the attacking patterns of the team, said this.

As the game was about to start, my former schoolmate glared at me, as did a lot of the other members of his team.

He probably told everyone about what I said.

The game started with our possession.

Mitsurugi kicked the ball back to me.

"Get him!"

The agitated frontline of the other team rushed to swarm me.

"Let's see… Place the ball like this… And…"

All the passing practice paid off as I sent a lob pass over the heads of the swarming players.

"...!"

Even the one who received it, Mitsurugi, was surprised.

"Huh?!"

The opposing players turned back to try and block Mitsurugi.

He held the ball, posting up the Midfielder who tried to stop him. The Wingers rushed forward and received a pass from Mitsurugi.

A simple 1-2 pass from the left winger to Mitsurugi and he was off, sprinting towards the goal.

…I have to admit, watching Mitsurugi up close in a real match… He was one hell of a talented player.

He sent a curving shot that the goalkeeper had no chance of saving. Just like that, it was a 1-0 lead for us.

"Kyaa! Mitsurugi-kun! You're so cool!"

"Hey… Who's that Midfielder who made the pass?! How come we've never seen him play before?!"

"It seems our school has been hiding a secret weapon, just for this moment…"

The peanut gallery was getting all kinds of misconceptions about me.

After that goal, the opposing team got even more wary of me.

My former schoolmate walked past me and said,

"...It seems that you really were hiding your skill all this time, Satou. Why didn't you play with us back then?! We could have made the nationals if we had you!"

I chuckled and turned around.

"That kind of 'what-if' mentality is why I didn't consider you worthy… If you want to prove yourself, then show me your strength…"

"...! Fine! I'll show you that I'm not the same weakling I was back then…!"

This dude read way too much sports manga if he thought people actually talked like this.

This time, the opposing team was on offense.

I was able to stand around and preserve my energy while the defense did most of the work.

They kept a Defensive Midfielder to keep an eye on me at all times. That pass really left an impression on them.

It took a while until our team was able to retain possession and work up a series of passes that reached the midfield.

In the meantime… While I didn't have the ball…

"[Lurk]..."

I hid my presence from the Midfielder marking me.

"Oi… Over here…"

I held my hand up to my teammate who had the ball.

He seemed surprised that I was free from my mark, but still sent the ball my way with a long pass.

My first touch was atrocious, but I had a lot of free space, giving me lots of time to control the pass.

I controlled the ball with my inside foot and advanced forward.

"...! Catch him! Don't let Satou get away!"

"[Escape]."

My footspeed increased when I used the newly learned [Escape] skill.

With all this space, the opposing team's defense was forced to pay attention to me.

I moved to the right side of the field, towards my own winger.

At first he was confused why I was running towards him, but I gestured to the left. He nodded and made a horizontal run to the left.

I made a simple pass to the winger who received the ball in free space, the midfield area that I vacated.

"Shit…! Switch to the winger!"

As soon as they glanced away from me…

"[Lurk]."

I made an overlapping run down the right side.

"Oi… Free again…"

"Eh?!"

The winger was surprised once more to see me open again.

I received the ball from him near the last line of defense.

"H-How'd he get there?!"

The defense went forward to try and trap me.

"...How do I cross again? Oh, well, I hope you catch this…"

Since I knew that my crossing was awful, I just kicked up a wild cross towards where I saw Mitsurugi was, hoping that he'd get it.

"...?! What kind of shitty cross is that, Satou?! Hah!"

Mitsurugi rose up… And that bastard actually did a bicycle kick to catch my awful pass.

The ball went in, making the score 2-0.

"Good work."

I said, running up to Mitsurugi and helping him up.

"...We're working on your crosses after this."

He said, standing up and wiping off the grass from his kit.

Then he leaned in and whispered to me,

"Oi… You were using skills, weren't you?"

"...I figured that it counts as a 'talent', so I went ahead and used it."

"That's cheating!"

"I'm a total beginner, so it's fine for me to cheat a little."

"So you admit that it's cheating… Whatever. Aside from the use of skills, everything else was perfectly executed, anyway. You might actually have some talent."

Our teammates caught up and surrounded us, celebrating the goal.

"Who knew that Satou was this good?!"

"If we have Satou and Mitsurugi… We might make it to nationals?!"

"A new deadly combination is born!"

After my team was done celebrating, my former schoolmate walked over to talk to me again.

"...I admit, Satou… You're good. You might have won this time… But next time I'll definitely beat you!"

Did this guy forget that the game wasn't over yet?

Part 4

The game ended with a 2-0 victory for us.

We spent the rest of the game turtling up and focusing on defense to maintain the 2 goal lead.

In the locker room, the coach embraced me and cried tears of happiness.

"...I knew you had it in you, Satou-kun! I knew I saw talent in you!"

They were treating me as if I was the Man of the Match, even though Mitsurugi was the one who scored two goals.

Once I checked my phone, I saw two new notifications.

Quest completed! You played in an official soccer game! You gained +2 on all your 'Physical' stats!

Your superior vision on the field has allowed you to learn the [Farsight] skill!

[Farsight] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp cost)

You can see objects and creatures 60 miles away. If your vision isn't 20/20 already, you will have perfect vision whenever this skill is activated.

Playing in that game gave me quite a big yield…

I changed back into my uniform. Mitsurugi caught up with me as I was about to leave.

"...You're always quick to leave."

"That's because I don't spend all my time socializing in the change room. I just get changed and leave."

"Why are you so antisocial?!"

"I'm only antisocial towards overly social people, though."

"...What does that even mean? Anyway, I just wanted to say thanks for filling up the vacant spots like that. It was unreasonable for the coach to put a complete newbie in, but not only did you go along with it, you even played really well."

I rubbed the back of my head, wondering why I even bothered playing well.

If I played poorly, that would guarantee that the coach would never put me in a game again.

"I guess it was fun beating all those guys. It's like… I'm a total noob when it comes to the sport and I don't even like playing it, but I still managed to beat those guys who have been playing their whole lives. It was incredibly satisfying."

"...There's something seriously wrong with you, Satou."

We talked a bit more. When we parted ways, my phone buzzed in my pocket.

Your bond with Mitsurugi Kyouya has deepened!

Mitsurugi Kyouya (Soccer Club Ace), Bond Rank: 3

At Rank 3, Mitsurugi Kyouya will view you as a teammate who he can rely on in emergencies. He will gladly do favors for you if you help him get closer with Aqua. He will give you tips when it comes to the dungeon if you ask and he has time. Staying on the soccer team and working hard in practice will deepen your bond with him.

Bond Rank-Up Reward: +10 Strength

…Why did this guy's bond rank-ups give out such good rewards?!

I'd never gotten a +10 in anything before…

With 54 'Strength' I was only just a bit above the average person, though.

Why were my stats so bad? That was the real question.

…

…

On the way home, I bought something from the convenience store that I also worked part-time in.

Since it wasn't my shift, there was another new employee working there, one that the manager just hired recently.

I gave him a look of understanding, since I was in the same position.

When I got home, I saw Aqua on the couch, playing with Kazuto's Nintendo Switch while lying prone.

She turned her head when I walked in and made a disgusted face, turning back around.

Seems she was still angry about our fight.

I walked over to her and took out the sparkling juice I bought from the convenience store.

I pressed the bottle against her cheek.

"Wah! So cold! What was that for, jerk?!"

"This is for you. You like fizzy drinks that go 'shuwa shuwa', right?"

"...D-Do you think this is enough to make me forgive you?"

She grabbed the drink anyway.

I sighed and sat beside her on the couch when she made room for me.

"Look… Maybe I shouldn't have said that I was giving up on facing the Demon King. I know that beating him is the only way for you to return home."

If I got dragged off into a world that wasn't my own, and the guy who was tasked to bring me back said that he had given up, I would have gotten mad, too.

"...As long as you understand. I'm sorry for calling Kazuma a pathetic virgin who will never get laid."

"You don't need to repeat it."

She opened the bottle and started drinking straight from it.

"Puwah! I wish it was alcoholic, but that still hits the spot! Oi, get me some snacks to eat with this."

She was back to her bossy self.

I got her some chips from the pantry as my final peace offering, then went upstairs.

Your bond with Aqua has deepened!

Aqua (Water Goddess), Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, Aqua will act reasonable if you ask her to. She will listen to your demands if you ask nicely. She sees you as a reliable housemate who will do things for her if she bugs you enough. She sees you as someone she can mooch off, so she won't leave you alone.

Bond Rank-Up Reward: +10 Faith

Another +10 reward…

I didn't really care about this one, though.

What did the 'Faith' stat even do?

…In the end, she gave me another useless reward.

Part 5

"Yes… He will need to take the day off again this week… His sickness is… Eh? He played in a soccer game yesterday?! Kazuma did?! Erm… Y-Yes… That's exactly why he needs a break, because of his frail body…"

I had my father call the school and get them to give me a day off on Saturday again.

With the day off, I wanted to go to the dungeon and grind some levels.

"Oi, Aqua, I'm going to the dungeon. Wanna come with?"

"...Go away. I wanna sleep."

Even though she made such a big deal about wanting to train at the dungeon…

I kept prodding her, but she wouldn't move.

I left her alone and headed to the dungeon by myself.

However, on my way there…

Somewhere outside the city, there was a faint sound of something blowing up.

Everyone in the street turned their eyes to the sound, but when it disappeared, they went back to what they were doing.

…These people sure were carefree.

As for me, I headed to the source instead of going to the dungeon.

"I knew it was you…"

I ended up in some abandoned junkyard.

There, I found a girl who had collapsed on the ground.

"...That was the best explosion yet."

It was the chuunibyou explosion enthusiast, Megumin.

I helped her up, supporting her arm as she dusted off her school uniform.

"Ah, Kazuma… It seems you're also ditching school."

"I'm not ditching. The school allowed me to take the day off."

"...! W-What sorcery did you use?! You must teach me!"

She clutched my shirt and pressed her face way too close to mine.

"Nevermind that. Why are you ditching school, Megumin? Not only are you ditching school, you're even committing domestic terrorism."

"I wish you wouldn't call it that. After all, this junkyard is abandoned, as you can see."

"You're really good at rationalizing your destructive tendencies, huh?"

"Hehe… Is that true?"

"I'm not complimenting you."

I tried helping her walk around, but she couldn't even move her legs. Instead, I settled for giving her a piggyback ride again. I said,

"This is becoming a recurring theme whenever I meet you."

"That must mean that you're destined to walk the path of explosions with me!"

"No, thanks."

"Eh?! Why not?!"

I carried her out of the junkyard before the police or some emergency responder could arrive to assess the cause of the mysterious explosion.

I soon found a small park and sat her down on a bench, getting a juice for the both of us to drink.

"This is the second time you've treated me. I won't forget this…"

"You can pay the 1,650 yen in total you owe me for the last meal and this drink."

"Y-You remember the exact total, huh? Haha…"

She started nervously averting her gaze.

"Alright, mind telling me exactly why you're blowing up a junkyard?"

"...It's an abandoned junkyard."

"Whatever! Just tell me why you're randomly blowing things up!"

"I received a quest telling me to blow up an abandoned junkyard at exactly 10 am."

"...Why are your quests so oddly specific? And why do they always involve destruction of property in the real world?"

I was very worried about this girl. She should be on a watchlist.

"The quests are my only real way to progress, since I can't exactly go into the dungeon by myself…"

"Didn't you mention a friend named Yunyun before?"

"She's not my friend. She's more like my fan."

"...I don't know this Yunyun personally, but I bet she'd object to that."

Megumin sipped the apple juice I gave her and said,

"Yunyun is a sell-out who is learning ordinary magic and has refused to follow the path of explosions with me. As such, she is too powerful for the beginner floors and I forbade her from coming along with me."

"She's someone with common sense, huh? How unusual for someone who is your friend."

"She's not my friend. She's more like a wounded puppy that likes to follow me around."

Why did the description change?

Although the nickname 'Yunyun' would actually fit a dog more than a real person.

"Well, then… I bet you can recover on your own if you just sit here for a few more minutes. I gotta get going now…"

"Hold it."

Megumin grabbed my arm before I could stand up and leave.

"Huh? Do you need to go to the toilet?"

"Not that! You're going to the dungeon, aren't you?"

How perceptive.

"...What makes you say that?"

"Why else would you skip class and head to the city? I can't imagine you going on a date."

"Do I really give that kind of impression?"

I tried to shake off her hand, but she had a surprisingly strong grip.

"Take me to the dungeon."

"Never."

"You didn't even think about it!"

With what happened last time, it wasn't strange for me to turn her down.

Just as I was about to ditch her…

"Please take me with you to the dungeon! I'll do anything if you let me come back!"

Several people turned their heads to look at us when Megumin started screaming.

"What are you talking about?!"

I tried to cover her mouth but she bit it.

"Owww!"

I heard people talking about us.

"...Dungeon? Is she talking about some weird BDSM thing?"

"Poor girl… That scumbag made her addicted to some kind of strange dungeon play, and now he's throwing her away once he's had his fun…"

"I mean… If he doesn't want her anymore, can I have her?"

Megumin gave me a smug smile as a crowd started to form around us.

"Fine! You win!"

"Heh… Next time don't even bother opposing me and just do as you're told!"

I picked her up again and carried her to the dungeon.

Part 6

Megumin was able to walk again once we arrived.

"...Why do you even want to come with me? Not only is your explosion magic useless in a dungeon, you already used it. I doubt you have enough mana to use it again."

"I can still finish off enemies with this…!"

She took out her phone and a staff came out from her inventory.

It had a wooden shaft and a red crystal at the top.

"I got this from a Random Loot Box I got after finishing that quest at the junkyard."

"Oh…! Can it recover mana, or something?"

"Even better! It amplifies my magic power!"

"Why do you need even more power? That's the last thing you need. Go ahead and sell that thing. It must be rare, right?"

"...D-Don't tempt me. I know that I can buy a full month's worth of groceries if I sell this!"

"Then why don't you sell it?"

"Because it's cool."

I was tempted to leave her at the entrance.

However, knowing that she'd find a way to make my life hell if I did that, I let her come along with me.

"Are you telling me that you'll use that staff to fight monsters? I doubt it does a lot of physical damage."

"It's still a blunt object, you know. It can do a fair bit of damage. And for some reason my 'Strength' score is pretty high…"

"What is it?"

"Right now, it's 60."

I stopped walking, causing her to bump against my back.

"Ow! Why'd you suddenly stop…?!"

I turned to her just as she was rubbing her forehead.

"...Why are you looking at me like that? I-It can't be… Now that you have me alone in a place where no one can find us, you're going to do perverted things?!"

"Don't mind me. I'm just thinking to myself that life is unfair and needlessly cruel."

"I understand. My father occasionally has those moments. I believe they're called a 'midlife crisis'..."

"How old do you think I am?! You and I are pretty much about the same age, you know?!"

"Sorry… Those bags under your eyes add a couple years. I recommend sleeping early and washing your face with cold water when you wake up."

Even though I had a proper sleep schedule these days, it was hard to undo all those late gaming sessions I enjoyed as a NEET.

As we were walking, I held a hand out to stop Megumin.

[Enemy Detection] was telling me that there were creatures ahead.

…Although I didn't sense a high threat-level from them.

When we peeked around the corner, we saw some lizards skittering around.

"Huh? What are those? They don't look like monsters…"

Megumin said, as we were huddled together and looking around the corner.

"These are just normal creatures that are there for the monsters to hunt and eat. These monsters still need to eat and drink. They don't just randomly spawn like mobs in games. They also need to breed and procreate, that's why sometimes you don't see a lot of monsters."

"I see. Let's kill them."

She took out her staff and ran forward, using it like a hammer to pummel down the lizards who couldn't run away in time.

"Oiii! Didn't you hear me?! The monsters eat these things! If you kill them, we won't have as many monsters to hunt!"

"Oh, these things give out quite a bit of EXP, and they don't even fight back."

"...Come again?"

Megumin showed me that killing those weak lizards gave her 5 EXP each.

"Are you telling me all this time that I could have hunted those creatures instead of fighting dangerous monsters?"

"Sigh… Don't worry, it's not your fault. Not everyone has the intelligence of a Crimson Demon like me…"

I wanted to chop the back of her head to make those fake eye contacts of hers fall out.

Megumin and I proceeded to fall into a pattern of avoiding monsters and hunting the helpless creatures.

Mostly they were insects like beetles and caterpillars, along with the lizards that we found earlier.

"Kazuma… That sword you have…"

Megumin said, noticing my katana.

I smirked and held it for her to see. I said,

"I got it custom made. Not bad, right?"

"It's quite excellent, for sure. Does it have a name yet?"

"I haven't thought of one yet. I was thinking something manly like Excali…"

"Chunchunmaru."

"Huh?"

I lost my train of thought when Megumin said that.

"That's the name of your sword now. Chunchunmaru."

"No way."

I ignored Megumin's suggestion and kept walking.

Eventually, we came across a small pond in the lake.

I came across this pond before in the past, but aside from killing the monsters who gathered around it to drink water, I didn't really interact with it in any special way. I didn't want to risk drinking from a random pond I found in a dungeon, after all.

Megumin didn't even hesitate. She dipped her head into the water and started gulping down mouthfuls of it.

"...?! Oi! What would you do if that was toxic to humans?!"

I pulled her head out of the pond and started to do the Heimlich maneuver on her to get her to spit the water out.

"Let go of me! I found something really good in that pond!"

She pushed me away and went back to dipping her head into the pond.

A few seconds later, her head reemerged.

She turned around and showed me that she had two crawfish in both hands.

…What kind of savage girl is she?

She had a proud smile on her face and waved the crawfish around.

"There's a bunch of them in that pond, Kazuma! Come on, help me catch them!"

I didn't really feel like it, but I figured that I might get something if I cooked those crawfish.

I helped Megumin gather a bunch of them, although I wasn't as skilled as her when it came to capturing the slippery things.

You learned the [Fishing] skill!

[Fishing] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are now proficient in using fishing tools. Your fishing skill depends on your 'Intuition' (60) score. You can fish aquatic creatures that are ranked as 'Common'.

…I didn't think that I'd actually get a skill from that.

Not only that, gathering those crawfish even gave some EXP.

Part 7

On the train, people avoided us again.

That was because the duffel bag I had was stuffed with creature carcasses, including the crawfish.

We couldn't fit everything in our inventories, and Megumin insisted that I bring them home with me.

She also insisted that I let her come over to my place, to cook all the 'food' we captured.

"We're gonna have a feast today! I should bring some home for Komekko…"

"What's a Komekko?"

"My little sister."

"You even give your sister a weird nickname?"

Even though it was embarrassing, I was getting used to having people avoid me on the train after a visit to the dungeon.

Your 'Bravery' has increased by +1!

Even the app recognized that I was getting used to the humiliation.

Once we got home, Megumin took half of the carcasses in my duffel bag, took a grill and headed outside.

She left me with the crawfish.

I simply boiled them and ended up putting them in miso soup.

Once it was done, I scanned it with the app.

Boiled Crawfish Miso Soup - Common

Eating this will give you +2 Health.

After I finished making the dish, Megumin came back with a tray full of fried skewers.

Fried insects, fried lizards and some other things I didn't recognize.

"Throw those away."

"I won't let them go to waste!"

I was worried that the neighbors would complain about the smell of grilled insects in the air.

Aqua came down, smelling the food.

When Megumin saw Aqua, she blinked and said,

"Wait, you two live together? How indecent."

"It's not like that."

Even though I didn't want anything to do with the fried insects and lizards, Megumin and Aqua sat down on the table and started eating them.

Megumin already showed me that she had a wild side to her, but I didn't expect Aqua to start chowing down on the food.

"Aqua, why are you eating that stuff so easily?"

She chuckled, waving a fried lizard skewer around.

"Do you think I'm dumb? Since you two caught these together, I assume you were from the dungeon, yes? Therefore, I can conclude that these are actually some kind of dungeon monster that can be consumed as food, such as Flying Cabbages and Flying Lettuce."

"Actually, they're just random insects and lizards we found roaming around the dungeon."

Aqua immediately spit out the beetle legs and lizard tail in her mouth.

"Why are you two hunting the critters in the dungeon?! Those things are monster feed, you know?!"

Megumin was chewing on a worm-like thing when she said,

"They give out just as much EXP as monsters. Why wouldn't we hunt them?"

"...They give out a lot of EXP because they're supposed to make monsters grow at a faster rate! Why do you think you always see mature monsters around, and not a bunch of younglings!"

"All the more reason to eat them."

"Argh! Do you not understand the consequences of this…?! If the young monsters can't defend themselves, the parents will… Eh? It seems that eating these things raised my Health Points?"

Aqua resumed eating the skewers when she found out that they raised Health Points.

"..."

Knowing this, I ended up eating them, too.

…They actually weren't that bad.

Your 'Health' has increased by +1!

…

…

"Thanks for the meal."

Megumin said, when I saw her out as she was about to leave.

"...You shouldn't use your explosion alone. If you collapse like that, you'll be in trouble if some perverted guy finds you."

"Kazuma found me but you didn't do anything."

She really thought I was a pervert.

Aqua laughed and placed a hand on my shoulder.

"Don't worry about this guy! He's a pervert, but he's also a coward! Even if he has the desire to violate a girl, he'll never act upon it. He's completely harmless!"

"Enough with the slander."

I said, shaking off her hand from my shoulder.

"Seriously, though. Just call me next time if you get a quest like that again."

Megumin seemed surprised by my offer, but she smiled.

"Once you make a promise, I'll hold you to it."

"Yeah, yeah. I'm not as much of a scumbag as everyone seems to think I am."

"Well, then… Farewell."

"Later."

We waved goodbye to Megumin.

Your bond with Megumin has deepened!

Megumin (Explosion Mage), Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, Megumin considers you as a slightly reliable guy who seems really perverted. She noticed the way you took the chance to grope her butt while you were carrying her. She thinks that you seem like a nice guy and you have potential as an explosion sommelier. If you offer to help her practice her explosion magic, she will readily agree.

Bond Reward: Magic Power +5

…Why did it seem like her opinion of me got worse after the rank up?

The good news was that I finally managed to raise my Magic Power.

"Megumin has more useful bond rewards than Aqua, huh?"

"...Kazuma, if you want to fight, I'm more than willing to give you a fight!"

"Why don't you wash the dishes, instead? You're the goddess of water, right? You should be good at chores that involve water."

"D-Don't reduce my divinity to that of simple chores! And what's with you going to the dungeon with Megumin and not taking me along, huh?!"

"I tried to wake you up, but you're too damn lazy."

"I don't want to hear that from you!"

Even though we just recently made up, Aqua and I started arguing again.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, snoiper1 and 541 others
BoringBone
Sep 7, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 7: A Close Call For These Fools!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#136
Chapter 7: A Close Call For These Fools!

Part 1

It was Sunday, the day when I arranged to meet with Chris.

I only just realized that I didn't have enough money, with a meager 1,350 Yen.

"Please, I beg of you!"

I bowed in front of my parents.

They both looked at each other. My father said,

"...Giving Kazuma an advance on his allowance, huh? The last time we did that, you said you were hanging out with friends, but you ended up just buying a new game."

My mother nodded and said,

"Yes… And are we really supposed to believe that Kazuma is going on a date with a girl?"

Was it really that hard to believe? I said,

"Please! I'll send you pictures and everything as proof!"

"But what if you're just taking pictures of some random girl and photoshopping yourself with her?"

"Oh! I could see him doing that, dear!"

They really didn't trust me at all.

I suppose I couldn't blame them, since I did trick them a lot in the past.

"...How about this? If you give me an early allowance now, I'll pay you back next week. You already know I have a part time job, anyway. I'll pay you back, I promise!"

They looked at each other, then turned back to me.

"...If Kazuma is willing to go that far… I suppose we'll have to agree."

My mother nodded and said,

"If Kazuma isn't tricking us and he's actually maturing a little, we shouldn't stop his progress."

My father took out his wallet and gave me 1,000 yen.

"I expect you to pay me back, like you promised."

"Deal!"

I snatched the money from him before he could change his mind.

"...Our little boy is going on a date. He sure is growing up."

My mother said, wiping tears from her eyes. My father held her shoulder and said,

"I know, right? Even though he was a NEET only a few weeks before…"

"I think Aqua-chan really helped him get out of his shell. We owe a lot to her."

"I know! We should raise her allowance!"

How the hell did Aqua end up profiting from this?!

I didn't say anything, since I got what I wanted.

After checking myself in the mirror, I left the house to meet up with Chris.

Before I left the house, my phone buzzed in my pocket.

Your bond with your family has deepened!

Satou (Family), Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, your family will give you some leeway as you recover from being a NEET. Your parents will give you an advance on your allowance if you continue to go to school, as promised. Your brother thinks better of you and might say a few nice things to his friends about you. If you mention wanting a non-blood related step sister again, your parents will beat you and leave you with grave injuries.

Bond Reward: Parents will give you an advance on your allowance as long as you pay it back!

Satisfied with this outcome, I headed to the meeting place Chris suggested.

We agreed to meet in a trendy cafe near the train station.

Even though this wasn't a place I'd go to if I was alone, I felt it was fine if Chris was with me.

I arrived first and waited in front of the store for a few minutes.

"Kazuma-kun! Sorry, did I make you wait?"

"Don't worry, I just got here."

I said the famous line.

Chris was wearing a green hoodie and a jean skirt. In fact…

"Eh? Kazuma-kun… Aren't we wearing a similar outfit?"

I was also wearing a green hoodie and jeans.

Chris chuckled and scratched her cheek nervously, where her scar was.

"...If we're matching like this, people will think that we're a couple, huh?"

"I don't mind."

"Well… If Kazuma-kun doesn't mind, then it's fine!"

We went inside the cafe and lined up. I looked at the menu and felt overwhelmed by the options.

"...If I'm being honest, I don't really know what to pick."

I said, glancing around at the menu.

"Ah… If I have to be honest as well… I also don't know what to pick."

"Then why'd you choose this place?!"

"I-It seemed like the trendy thing to do!"

We were both panicking as the line got shorter. Eventually, it was our turn to order.

"Welcome! What can I get you today!"

Chris looked to me for help. It was up to me, huh?

"...We'll have two white chocolate matcha lattes, as well as two blueberry cheesecakes."

"Coming right up!"

Chris sighed in relief when I managed to order for the both of us. She was about to take out her wallet but I went ahead and paid for the drinks.

"Eh? Kazuma-kun, I can pay!"

"No need."

I put on my coolest voice and paid for the both of us.

"I-It really does seem like a date if you're paying for everything, Kazuma-kun…"

"I don't mind."

"You keep saying that…"

Once our coffee was prepared, we went to a seat by the window.

"Oh! It's really good!"

Chris said, when she took a sip.

I took a sip as well. As expected of a trendy place like this, it tasted really good.

The bitter taste of the matcha and coffee mixed well with the sweet white chocolate.

The blueberry cheesecake also went well with the coffee. The cake wasn't too sweet, so it didn't clash with the white chocolate in the coffee.

Your 'Charisma' increased by +1!

Drinking in this trendy coffee shop will increase your 'Charisma'! This reward is limited to once a week!

I found another store that gave out weekly stat bonuses…

"Hey, Kazuma-kun… What do you think of Darkness?"

Chris asked me this question out of nowhere.

That masochist freak of nature…

"She's a lovely girl."

"I'm glad you think so!"

She smiled and set her cup down.

"You see… I'm kind of worried about her. You probably don't know this, but she's kind of a strange girl…"

"Gasp… Oh really?!"

I pretended that I was completely shocked by this.

"Yeah… Even though she's a pretty girl, she doesn't get along with a lot of people."

"I wonder why…"

Maybe because she was a massive pervert who collected toad slime in a jar.

"That's partly why I became her friend… She seems like a good girl but she's often misunderstood…"

What was there to misunderstand?

Chris was such a good girl for seeing any kind of redeemable quality in Darkness.

While thinking this, I said,

"She's lucky to have a friend like you, Chris."

"Hey, you're her friend, too! Anyway, I just wanted to thank you in person for inviting her last time. She said that she had a lot of fun!"

She called what happened last time 'fun'?

There really was something wrong with that girl…

Part 2

Chris talked about Darkness the whole time.

When she wasn't talking about Darkness, she talked about the artifacts she was reclaiming for Eris.

...Any illusion I had that this was a real date had already vanished by now.

"Ah, sorry! I ended up talking so much!"

She apologized, realizing that she had been talking nonstop for a while.

"No, no, it's fine."

"Thanks again for meeting me like this, Kazuma-kun… Maybe we can do this again sometime?"

"Sure!"

"Great! Next time I'll make sure to bring Darkness along!"

Was she in love with Darkness or something?

My enthusiasm immediately deflated.

After chatting some more, eventually it was time to leave.

Even though I had been looking forward to this and even asked for an advance in my allowance…

Not only that, I spent all my money, too!

After saying goodbye, I watched her walk away…

Chris (Silver-haired Thief), Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, Chris views you as someone she can potentially confide with! Her trust in you is slowly increasing! It seems that the key to deepening a bond with her is to show her that you can get along with Darkness and the other girls!

Bond Reward: You learn the [Steal] skill!

[Steal] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp cost)

Allows you to steal an item. If the target is a creature, you will have to be within 15 feet of the target to use this skill. Success depends on your 'Cunning' (75), contested against the target's 'Intuition'. Items that are not held or equipped by a creature can be stolen as long as you can see it and are aware of its presence. The value of the item you steal is determined by your 'Luck' (90).

"How does this work? [Steal]...!"

I randomly used the skill.

"...Eh?"

Something appeared in my hand.

When I opened it…

White panties.

I looked ahead and saw Chris stopping in her tracks.

She patted around and blushed.

"D-Did I… forget to wear…"

Before she could find out what happened…

I put her panties in my pocket and walked away, heading back home.

Even though the 'date' with Chris didn't go as planned, I got a magnificent treasure out of it.

Once I got home, I headed straight to my room.

White Panties (Rare)

Pure white, like the feathers of a dove. Perhaps this reflects the inner nature of the girl who once wore these?

Wearing these panties will increase your 'Dexterity' by +5.

Armor Score: 0

Durability: 30/30

Price: 10,000 yen

…These things are considered a rare type of armor, huh?!

Did these panties become a rare item because a beautiful girl like Chris wore them?

Or did she get them from a Random Loot Box?

What a tantalizing mystery.

I wore the panties over my head, like a hat.

Checking my 'Dexterity' score, I saw a +5 beside it.

Would you like to change your class to 'Pervert'?

A sudden prompt came out, asking if I wanted a class change.

…

…

Since nothing came out of my 'date' with Chris, I was left feeling frustrated.

I thought about grabbing a tissue box and lotion, but I decided to go out to the dungeon instead.

I figured it was more productive to let out my frustrations on some monsters, instead of spending the rest of the night doing 'self-care'.

"Oi, Aqua… Do you feel like going to the dungeon?"

Since I promised Aqua that I'd bring her to the dungeon more often, I went to her room first and asked her.

"You're finally taking this seriously, huh? Alright, let's go!"

She was acting as if I was the lazy one, even though she didn't have the energy to go to the dungeon with me in the morning.

Once we got dressed, we headed over to the dungeon.

When we got out of the train and walked over to the dungeon entrance, Aqua was watching me and said,

"Hey, Kazuma… Why are you walking like that? Do you have to pee? I can wait for you while you find a toilet."

"Ah, no… Don't mind it."

This girl was surprisingly perceptive.

I took out my phone and prepared to equip my sword and bow.

That was when I noticed it.

"That brat…!"

Chunchunmaru (Unique)

Forged by Intermediate Blacksmith. Named by Megumin.

Durability: 18/20

Weapon Accuracy: Dexterity modifier (46% chance of hitting)

Weapon Damage: 3 slashing damage + Strength modifier (+5) = 8

Sells for: 6,000 yen

I didn't notice it last time, but the app responded to Megumin naming my sword with that awful name.

"Pfft…! W-Wow Kazuma… That's a cool sword you got there…"

"Shut up!"

Across the handle of the sword, the name 'Chunchunmaru' was written over it.

"I'll make that chuunibyou brat suffer the next time I see her!"

Part 3

With Aqua laughing at me the whole time, we headed inside the dungeon.

However, something was strange…

"Huh? Where's the monsters?"

Aqua said, looking around the dungeon.

[Enemy Detection] told me that there weren't any monsters hiding or waiting in ambush.

I knew that hunting those creatures could potentially harm the dungeon ecosystem, but I didn't think that it'd already have an effect this soon.

"M-Maybe they're still in their breeding period…"

I said, feeling more nervous as we got further into the dungeon, and there were still no monsters in sight.

"Yeah! I mean, unless someone went in here and hunted down every single food source of the monsters, there's no way they'd just migrate!"

"...Why would the monsters migrate?"

"If the monsters can't find an adequate food source in their immediate area, the natural course of action is to head to a different location. That's a bad idea, though, since the only other biome on this floor aside from the cave area is the Giant Toad area…"

"I see… Well, there's no way that someone can wipe out the entire ecosystem of monster feed in this area so quickly…"

Just as I was saying that…

I saw a glint of metal on the ground.

"..."

I almost stepped on a mouse trap.

You learned the skill [Trap Detection]!

[Trap Detection] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You can now sense traps within a 15-foot radius around you. Your 'Intuition' (60) score determines the success rate of discovering traps. You can only detect traps of 'Basic' make.

I was happy about the useful skill I unlocked, but…

I was more concerned about the mouse trap in the dungeon.

"Aqua be careful. There's traps all around…"

"Oww!"

Just as I was warning her, she stepped on one.

"What are these things doing here?!"

When I looked around some more, I saw a lizard trapped in a mouse trap.

"...I think I have an idea."

As if to confirm my suspicions, I heard footsteps ahead and a familiar figure stepped out of the shadows.

"Huh? Oh, it's just you."

Megumin said, as she carried a bucket and nonchalantly went over to reset the traps we set off.

We both stared at the girl who was wearing denim overalls and carried a bucket filled with dead critters.

"Megumin, what are you doing?"

"What does it look like I'm doing? I'm catching more of these critters. It's free food."

"Didn't I tell you already that the monsters eat them?!"

I was fine with hunting a few lizards and crawfish…

But this girl was intent on bringing about extinction!

"I didn't think you were an environmentalist, Kazuma. Good for you!"

Aqua said, giving me a thumbs up.

"That's really admirable. Keep it up."

Megumin gave me a thumbs up as well, even though she was carrying a bucket full of dead animals.

"Are you two completely missing the point here?! Look around, Megumin! There's no monsters! You forced them to migrate to a completely different biome!"

"Isn't it more convenient if they're all in one place? That way, we can hunt them more efficiently."

"...That only benefits you because you have a powerful AOE spell!"

"Heh. Are you now just figuring out my brilliant plan?"

She gave us a smug smirk and posed.

"I am Megumin! For the sake of improving my explosive arts, I will trample upon the dimwitted and the weak! Consider yourself lucky that I'm letting you in on my master plan!"

"...Oh? I'm listening."

My anger faded away once Megumin said that she was letting us in on it.

Megumin tapped the side of her head and said,

"Think about it. My explosion magic can't possibly kill every monster in the Giant Toad area. That means that you two will have to deal with the weakened stragglers. Think about all the EXP we'll get if we combine our efforts…"

Aqua and I glanced at Megumin, then at each other.

"Kazuma… This girl is a genius!"

"We found a golden egg!"

Megumin puffed out her meager chest in pride as Aqua and I showered her with praises.

"That said, I haven't checked the new state of the grassland area yet. Let us look at our prey together, shall we?"

With a stylish turn of her heel, Megumin led the way.

"Ah, whoops."

Her coolness factor went down when she picked up a lizard that fell out of her bucket.

Once we made it to the grassland area…

"Gero…"

Rather than seeing a place filled with different kinds of monsters…

…There were only Giant Toads in this area.

"Eh? Where did the other monsters go?"

Aqua said, putting a hand over her eyes and looking around to survey the area.

I used [Farsight] to look around as well, but I didn't see anything.

Only the toads were there.

However, this time…

I noticed that the Giant Toads looked bigger than before.

I didn't notice at first because they were usually big anyway, but there was a clear difference in size to how they were before.

Once she saw the toads that grew in size, Megumin started to back away.

"Oi. If you know something, spit it out."

I said, stopping her before she could leave.

"K-Keep in mind that this is a theory I just had!"

"Spit it out already!"

Even though she was confident earlier, she looked really nervous now.

"...W-Well… With the lack of the monsters in this area… I can only think of one reason for their disappearance. Perhaps the Giant Toads over there… Consumed all the monsters that migrated into the grassland area."

Aqua's eyes widened.

"Ah! That explains it! You see, if monsters get enough EXP, they will evolve into a more powerful monster!"

"Are you telling me… That these Giant Toads ate all of the monsters that migrated from the cave area?"

I looked around the field again and eventually noticed that there were some bones laying around.

"..."

I turned to Megumin, who immediately looked away.

"Oi. How are you going to take responsibility for this?"

"W-What do you mean? We should all collectively think of a solution…"

"What do you mean collectively?! Even though you were showing off and boasting about this genius plan of yours?! You're the mastermind here!"

"I don't know what to do! I just wanted to find food for my family and my sister who's always hungry! Kazuma, please find a way to fix this!"

I didn't expect her to get teary eyed and start pleading with me.

I sighed and scratched the back of my head, trying to think of a solution.

With these evolved Giant Toads, there was no way that anyone could pass through the first floor anymore.

I also didn't know if there were any monsters left on this floor aside from the Giant Toads.

That meant that new candidates chosen to defeat the Demon King would have no way to gain EXP safely.

At the same time, if these Giant Toads were left alone, they could potentially harm even the high level dungeon explorers.

I looked around the grasslands again and saw the faraway door that led to the second floor.

"Oi, Aqua, is there any way to damage the dungeon doors?"

She shook her head and proudly said,

"No way! We made sure to use the hardest material from the other world called Adamantite to make important parts of the dungeon! They're pretty much unbreakable!"

I nodded my head and decided on a plan.

Part 4

"No way! I can't let you do that!"

Aqua said, when I told those two my plan.

"...It's better than having these super powered toads running around. What if one of them ends up coming across nuclear waste and becomes Toadzilla?"

"Don't scare me like that! F-Fine! If it's to avoid a scenario like that…"

Since Aqua had trauma when it came to the Giant Toads, she ended up giving her permission.

"Alright, then. Megumin, I know that this is a tough decision…"

"I'm ready! Let's do this!"

The teary eyed Megumin was replaced with the usual, confident one.

After I told her my plan, she was in high spirits.

She took out her staff from her inventory and gave it a twirl.

"Fufu… It's finally my time to take center stage!"

She pointed the staff directly at the sky.

Well, it wasn't really a sky.

Even though there were clouds and even a source of illumination in the grassland area, Aqua told us last time that it was all artificial.

Even the sunlight was fake.

Like the heat source in an incubator, it wasn't natural.

The sky above the grassland biome was still only a part of the dungeon, a roof with complicated illusion runes inscribed all over it.

And if that was the case…

Megumin started chanting. The stone within her staff started glowing a brilliant red.

…Megumin could make the heavens come crashing down.

"Explosion…!"

Fire and smoke assaulted the roof of the grassland biome.

A loud crash, a wave of heat that filled the entire area.

It was a useless spell, for sure.

But it was unstoppable. And it was kind of beautiful.

"That feels… soooo good."

Megumin sighed in contentment as her legs turned to jelly.

I caught her before she fell down.

We watched as cracks appeared over the fake sky.

Soon, earthen fragments started to chip off.

The illusion magic that imitated the blue of the sky started to blur, like a TV showing static.

That was when big chunks of the roof fell down, small islands falling from the sky to rain havoc on the toads.

"Gero…?!"

The frogs tried to escape, but they couldn't make it out in time as they were buried by the falling debris.

The structure of the dungeon itself remained standing. We saw the Adamantite structure and support of the dungeon behind the fake sky ceiling that covered it. I saw the illusion runes inscribed on the Adamantite ceiling, as well as something else…

"Ahh…! I forgot!"

Aqua said, pointing at a glowing orb that fell down from the roof.

"That thing… Is the energy source that powered the illusions! It's a Coronatite core, and it's highly volatile, if that thing crashes down…"

She didn't finish the sentence and already started running away.

"Oiii! You useless goddess, don't leave us here!"

She turned around and saw me trying to lift Megumin on my back to escape. She turned back around and urged us to run.

"Come on, hurry! Gahhh! We won't make it…!"

I turned around and saw that the Coronatite core was about to hit the ground.

"Sniff… I'm sorry! This is all my fault! Wahhh… Mommy…! Daddy…! Komekko…!"

Megumin started crying out for her family members.

"I can't believe I'm gonna die like this! Me, a goddess! Nooo!"

While they were preparing for their deaths…

"[Steal]!"

I extended my hand towards the falling core and used my new skill once it was within range.

The core vanished before it could hit the ground.

Only for it to appear in front of me, right in my hands.

"...! Crap, it's so damn heavy! And it's hot! Owww!"

I felt the hot core burning my skin.

"[Freeze]!"

I covered the core in frozen ice before it could burn the skin on my arm entirely.

Aqua grabbed the frozen core and helped me gently lower it down.

"Ahh… Kazuma…! Don't look down!"

Aqua grabbed my arms before I could look at them.

…Were they in that bad of a state?

Considering how pale Aqua's face was, I didn't want to take a peek.

"[Heal]!"

I felt the pain going away as Aqua healed my arms.

We both sighed in relief and even exchanged a smile.

"Um… Not to ruin the moment but…"

Megumin, who was still on my back, pointed at the core.

There was a monitor on it and it was counting down. The numbers '1:23' were displayed on it, flashing in bright red.

"...What's this for? It can't be a cliche self-destruct function, right?"

I looked at Aqua, who was part of those who designed this dungeon.

"W-Well… We didn't want this powerful Coronatite core to fall into the wrong hands, so… We placed a self-destruct sequence on it in case someone managed to extract it from the dungeon."

"As expected of something you were a part of! Let's just run already!"

"...Do you really think we can make it out of the dungeon in the span of a minute…?! Even if you use [Escape], it'll take at least four minutes to get out!"

"Is that thing really so destructive?!"

"It could wipe out everything on this floor!"

These gods really didn't factor in the safety of the hero candidates when designing this thing, huh?!

Or perhaps they felt that it was necessary to sacrifice a few fledgling heroes rather than giving away such a dangerous weapon to the Demon King army…

Whatever the case, we were too far inside the dungeon to escape the self-destruct sequence.

The door to the second floor was an option… if there wasn't all the fallen debris blocking the way.

While I was thinking of what to do, I felt Megumin shaking behind me.

I felt how cold her hands were, as they held my shoulders.

Aqua was panicking, too. She was pacing back and forth, glancing at the ticking bomb.

"...!"

That was when the obvious solution came to me.

I took out my phone and held it over the core.

Launching the app, I stored it in the inventory.

The core vanished and entered a free slot.

"..." x 3.

The three of us waited.

Would the inventory space contain the explosion?

Does time stop in there?

Since Aqua didn't say anything, she probably didn't even know herself.

Even though she made the damn thing…!

…Or maybe she knew we were doomed, but she wanted to give us some kind of hope before we died.

We waited and waited.

Until a minute passed.

And nothing happened.

I checked the inventory.

Ruined Coronatite Core Parts (Garbage)

How did this even happen? Such a precious resource has been reduced to useless scraps! Shame on you!

Price: 0 yen

…That infuriatingly condescending message somehow gave me a rush of relief.

"Aha… Ahaha…"

Aqua started laughing. We joined her.

Part 5

The train ride was quiet. Not necessarily awkward, but we were all doing some reflection after that near death experience.

Before this moment, we had never faced any real threat in the dungeon.

…I didn't even want to know how much HP I lost from getting those burns.

"I'll head home ahead of you, Kazuma."

"Yeah, sure."

Aqua waved to Megumin and went off in the direction of our place.

"Well, let's go."

I said to Megumin, who I was carrying on my back."

"Un…"

Megumin was still quiet, not speaking much.

After a while, she said,

"S-Sorry… Because of me, you and Aqua almost…"

"It doesn't really matter now, does it? I mean, we got out alive."

"Yeah, but…"

Besides, it was my reckless idea to bring down the roof.

And Aqua even forgot about the Coronatite core.

Wait, wasn't this all just Aqua's fault?

"So, how did it feel to cast that explosion? You even killed a bunch of Giant Toads."

"...! It felt great! Best one so far!"

"Did you get any EXP from that?"

"No… I guess it doesn't count with collateral damage, since I didn't kill the toads directly…"

Getting her to talk about her explosion seemed to distract her from the guilt she was feeling.

While she was happily talking about explosion magic, she paused and said,

"Kazuma…"

There was a serious tone in her voice.

"I've noticed for a while that you've been groping my butt."

She finally noticed.

"...Oh, sorry. It seems that my arms are still a bit numb from the burns."

"...! S-Sorry…! Wait… How can you hold me up so well if your arms are really that numb?"

She ended up seeing through the lie.

"Well… I-I guess I'll overlook it since Kazuma worked hard. You were kinda cool earlier…"

"Cool, huh? Keep going."

I urged her to keep complimenting me.

"The way you had a solution for everything… And the way you saved us… It was really cool. I think even Aqua thought so."

"Alright, the flattery has gone on long enough."

"Is it really that hard to believe?!"

As if I could do anything that would actually impress that useless goddess who always insulted me.

"Alright. I think I can walk now. Thanks for walking me home."

She got tired of the groping and asked me to let her down.

While I looked at her, I noticed that she didn't have the bucket with her. She must have left it in the dungeon. I said,

"Seems you forgot your bucket…"

"It's fine! I got a lot of EXP and quest rewards, anyway!"

"...What do you mean by that?"

"I got a quest telling me to hunt a bunch of creatures in the dungeon!"

That app of hers was really leading her astray!

I waved goodbye to her as I was wondering why all of her quests always ended up with something getting destroyed.

Your bond with Megumin has deepened!

Megumin (Explosion Mage), Bond Rank: 3

At Rank 3, Megumin considers you as a reliable guy who seems really perverted. She noticed the way you took the chance to grope her butt while you were carrying her, but she didn't mind it that much. She sees you as someone who saved her life and you have potential as an explosion sommelier… Or perhaps something more? If you offer to help her practice her explosion magic, she will readily agree.

Bond Rewards: Magic Skill Rank-Up

…What is this 'something more' in that bond description?

Could it be that Megumin started to see me as 'something more' after I saved her earlier?

At 'Bond Rank: 3', Rin's bond description stated that the relationship had reached the 'flirty' stage…

Could it be that I was reaching my popular phase?

I kept this information in mind for my future interactions with Megumin.

As for the 'Magic Skill Rank-Up'...

I only really had one magic skill to use it on.

[Elementary Magic] has reached Rank 2!

Mana cost of all spells listed under [Elementary Magic] has their MP cost reduced by 1! Tinder now causes +1 Fire damage to enemies hit by it!

It was quite the useful upgrade.

After seeing Megumin off, I headed back home.

I was hungry, but I didn't have any money left after spending it all on the 'date' with Chris.

I endured the hunger pains as I walked home.

When I got home and prepared to grab some leftover dinner on the table, I saw that there was some take-out food on the table instead.

Aqua was sitting there on the table and she nodded to the food.

"...It was on the way, so I got you some take-out."

"Oh. Thanks."

I wasn't used to this kind of treatment from Aqua and found myself a bit suspicious of the food.

After making sure that she didn't add anything weird to the food, I sat down and started eating.

It was a typical katsudon, but the fact that it was free food and that I was starving made it taste ten times better.

While I was eating, I said,

"How long do you think it'll take the dungeon to repair itself?"

When coming up with the plan, I took into account what Aqua said about the dungeon repairing itself using biomass from monster corpses.

With all those evolved Giant Toads buried under the rubble, I imagined that the dungeon would have lots of fuel to repair itself.

"...I'll give it a few days. Normally, the dungeon can't repair such extreme damage that quickly, but there's a lot of biomass for it to use now."

I continued eating, but Aqua was staring at me the whole time, making me feel uneasy.

"...What?"

I finally said, unable to handle her staring at me. She said,

"Do you think it was my fault we almost died?"

"Absolutely."

"You didn't even hesitate!"

What did she want me to say?

If she remembered about the Coronatite core, I would have taken that into account when coming up with my plan.

When I noticed the same look of guilt come over Aqua's features, just like with Megumin earlier, I sighed.

"...Not like it matters. I was there to clean up your mess, anyway. It's been that way since we've met, right?"

"I don't really like the way you're implying that I'm constantly making messes for you to fix."

"Isn't that the case, though?"

"You really suck at this whole comforting thing, Kazuma!"

I didn't even know that she wanted to be comforted.

I looked at Aqua. Even if she was a goddess, at times like this, she just seemed like a normal girl.

At this moment, she looked especially vulnerable.

"Ugh… As you can see, I seem to have some kind of talent when it comes to coming up with random things on the spot to save the day. You can depend on me from now on, so don't feel sad. It's actually kinda creepy to see you like this."

"...You're really, really bad at this, Kazuma."

Even though it was easy for me to comfort Megumin, for some reason, it was doubly embarrassing and awkward when it came to doing the same thing for Aqua.

Maybe because our usual form of communication was arguing or insulting each other, anything beyond that felt strange.

While I was feeling weird about this situation, Aqua just chuckled. She took a piece of Katsudon and ate it. Then she stood up and started to walk away.

"...I'm counting on you to save the day from now on, Kazuma."

Without turning around, she said those words and left me in the kitchen.

Your bond with Aqua has deepened!

Aqua (Water Goddess), Bond Rank: 5

At Rank 5, Aqua will act reasonable from now on, always remembering the day she put you in danger. She will listen to your demands if you ask nicely. She sees you as a reliable teammate who will save her when she needs it. Since you two have been through a lot of things, she won't leave you alone.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Versatile Entertainer]!

[Versatile Entertainer ] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are adept in mimicking the voice of someone you know. If you are mimicking the voice of someone you don't know, you must spend at least 15 minutes observing their speech patterns and mannerisms. Useful for making celebrity impressions.

…When was I going to get a useful skill from her?

As for that bond description…

It was really embarrassing, for some reason.

Part 6

It was the start of my third week since coming back to school.

On the way to school, I ended up walking with Rin again.

"Did you finish reading all the books I recommended to you, senpai?"

"Ah… No, sorry. It was a busy week."

Since lots of things happened, I didn't get a chance to read those books.

"I understand… If you do start reading them, I'd like to hear your thoughts as you read! Ah, it might bother you to do that over text, though…"

"If that's the case, perhaps we can read those books together in person…"

"That's a great idea, senpai! Where do you want to do that?!"

She got all excited about the prospect of reading her favorite books together.

There was still that quest that involved me asking Rin out on a date…

Even though that 'date' with Chris failed, the cafe location itself seemed to impress her.

When I told her about the cafe…

"Ohh! I always wanted to go there! It's kind of hard to go in by yourself, though…"

"Then we can go together after school."

"Yay! Sounds fun!"

It actually worked.

"That reminds me… Doesn't senpai have soccer practice afterschool?"

"I can just ditch."

"Eh?! That's not good! I heard that senpai had an important role in the last match!"

"Even Rin heard about that, huh?"

"Yeah! That's why you shouldn't skip just because you made an appointment with me! I know, I'll watch the practice!"

Having Rin watch me practice…

Even though all I did was pass the ball around and dribble through cones.

I decided to put some effort into practice this time.

…

…

After classes were over, I immediately headed over to the soccer field.

"Satou, you came here even earlier than me!"

Mitsurugi said, surprised by the development.

I glanced behind him at the bleachers and saw Rin. She started waving at me when I looked at her.

"Hehhh… I see how it is."

Mitsurugi gave me a smug smile. I didn't even know he was capable of looking smug, with that pretty boy face of his.

"It seems that things are going well for you on that end, Satou. Meanwhile, I'm not making much progress when it comes to Aqua-sama…"

Apparently, he had been regularly contacting her after I gave him Aqua's number.

I decided to throw him a bone.

"She likes it if you give her snacks and treats and stuff like that. Especially drinks that go 'shuwa, shuwa'."

He gave me a blank look in response.

"There's no way a classy woman like Aqua-sama is interested in things that an elementary schooler likes."

Well, I tried.

"By the way… Do you think I can participate in the team practice this time?"

I said, after we finished doing stretches.

"...You're really looking to impress, huh? Well, you don't need to worry. Look."

He pointed at the coach, who was making his way over.

"Mitsurugi-kun! Satou-kun! You two will play on the same team! We really need to perfect your combination!"

The way he was talking…

"Coach, about last time…"

"You don't need to worry about that, Satou-kun! Even after the starting Midfielder has recovered, he heard about your incredible feat in the last match! He voluntarily gave up his starting position to you!"

"...Hah?"

I looked at the midfielder who did such a thing. He gave me a solemn nod.

"This team has reached its limits with me as the playmaker. I acknowledge that you have what it takes to carry this team to its full potential, Satou. I'll leave our dream to reach the nationals in your hands…"

Which 90's soccer manga did he steal that line from?

"No, I don't really want to…"

"Alright, let's get started!"

The coach blew his whistle and drowned out my complaints.

Practicing with the main team took up a lot more energy than practicing alone.

I had to keep running back and forth and doing a bunch of things that I wasn't used to.

There was no doubt that I'd wake up sore in the morning.

Your 'Speed' and 'Stamina' have increased by +1!

After the practice was over, I headed to the locker room with Mitsurugi.

"You did well keeping up in the main team practice, Satou."

He said, while changing out of his kit and putting on his school uniform.

I slumped against the bench, catching my breath before I started changing.

"...By the way, Satou, did you notice anything strange in the dungeon yesterday?"

"..."

Since Mitsurugi was a hero candidate like me, of course he'd notice that something happened in the dungeon.

When I didn't respond, he said,

"I was in the dungeon yesterday and I felt this violent shaking… When I went down to investigate, I saw that the entire grassland area had collapsed…!"

"Could it be… Is the Demon King army making their move already?"

"...?! D-Do you think so?!"

He actually fell for it?

"It's a possibility that they're sabotaging us before the invasion happens. Maybe they even have double agents and sleeper agents trying to sabotage the dungeon, so that hero candidates will lose their training grounds."

"I see… That makes a lot of sense…"

Your 'Cunning' increased by +1!

…It wasn't my fault people kept falling for my lies.

Part 7

"Sorry for the wait."

I said, when I met up with Rin at the school gate.

"It's fine! You sure worked hard in practice! Here, I got this for you."

She handed me a Pocari Sweat.

I thanked her for the sports drink and sipped it.

"I must say… It was kind of cool seeing senpai like that. It's kind of… Unexpected?"

"...I don't seem like the sports type, huh?"

"Ah, I didn't mean it like that! It's just… seeing someone working hard in a sports club makes you see a different side of them, you know? Normally, I only really see you in the school library. Seeing you in the field like that, running around… Well, I feel like I got to know more about you!"

"I suppose I'll just have to see Rin join a sports club to know what you're talking about."

"Hehe… I bet I'd look cute in a volleyball uniform. What do you think, senpai?"

She grinned, as she walked in front, turning around to face me.

"Yeah, I bet you would."

"Thanks! Senpai looked good in a soccer uniform, I must admit!"

Flirting with a girl after school right after I finished soccer practice…

I became a normie before I knew it.

We chatted while walking to the cafe.

When we got there, it was filled with a bunch of students in uniform.

It seems that this cafe was a popular hang out spot for students like us.

Although it was mostly groups of girls and couples there.

"Oh, my… I expected more of a quiet environment…"

Rin said, looking at all the people inside.

"We can also take our drinks outside."

"Good idea, senpai!"

Just when I was about to head inside to order.

"..."

I just remembered that I had no money whatsoever.

How could I have forgotten? Probably because I was excited about inviting Rin to a cafe.

"Hey, pretty nee-san… How about I buy you a drink, huh? Hehe…"

Just as I was thinking of a solution, I noticed a sleazebag harassing a beautiful office lady who was probably taking a break from work.

"N-No thank you…"

"Oh, come on… I got just enough money to get you something nice… Then you can thank me by coming with me to a love hotel later..."

"Eep?! Please don't touch me!"

I felt like I was watching some kind of bad porno.

As soon as he took out his money…

"[Steal]..."

"Eh… Eh? Where'd my money go?"

2,000 yen ended up in my hands.

It was all thanks to this stereotypical delinquent who showed up just in time.

With the money I stole, I went up to the cashier with Rin.

Once Rin made her order for a cappuccino, I ordered the same latte I got last time.

I also paid for our drinks.

"Eh? Senpai, you don't have to!"

"Don't mention it."

I said, in the coolest voice I could muster.

I used the [Versatile Entertainer] skill to imitate some famous movie star…

Your 'Attractiveness' increased by +1!

…Maybe the Aqua bond skills weren't that useless after all?

When I handed the cash over to the staff, something fell out from between the cash.

The staff, Rin and I looked at the object that fell down.

It was a pink wrapper with a circular object inside.

…It was a condom.

That delinquent bastard had all kinds of things in his pocket, huh?

"Ah… Is that a sweetener packet for my coffee? Thanks."

"Oh… S-Sure…"

I came up with that lame excuse to the staff and grabbed the condom from the counter.

Once our drinks were prepared, we made our way outside.

"..." x 2.

Rin hadn't said a word since.

"Um… Well… It's good that senpai is using protection… Ahaha…"

She said, while not meeting my eyes and letting out a weak chuckle.

"It's better to be safe and all."

"O-Of course…!"

I couldn't find a reasonable explanation why I had a condom and just decided to roll with it.

I drank my coffee in the meantime, which raised my 'Charisma' stat.

Your 'Charisma' increased by +1!

Eventually, the awkward mood went away and we started reading. I did most of the reading, while Rin talked me through the plot and asked me for my opinion about her favorite parts of the book.

"This part where the hero finds out that the evil wizard casted an illusion on the two warring countries, to make them think that they've wronged each other, is gut wrenching! The author describes in great detail how many innocent people the hero has killed in his journey, thinking that he was doing the right thing. You really feel for the hero in this scene!"

I had to admit, I was getting really drawn into the dark fantasy stories Rin recommended.

They had dark elements, but it was tastefully done in a way that would immerse the reader in the fictional world. They weren't dark just for the sake of shock value.

Your 'Creativity' increased by +1!

Since we were enjoying ourselves, we didn't even realize that several hours had already passed.

"Ahh! It's this late already! Sorry about that, senpai! I was having so much fun!"

"No, it's fine. Sorry for not noticing the time."

"Hehe… I made the same mistake, no need to apologize! This was really fun. Do you think we can do it again?"

"Sure thing."

"Great! I gotta get going now! See you at school!"

She gave me a quick bow before running off, muttering something about buying ingredients for dinner.

Quest Completed! You went on a date with Hinamori Rin! Quest Rewards: +2 Charisma, +2 Attractiveness.

Your bond with Hinamori Rin has deepened!

Hinamori Rin (Librarian on Duty), Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, Hinamori Rin will see you as a cool senpai who she can share her passion for books with! She likes how you're into books while also having an athletic side. At this stage in your relationship, she won't mind even if you constantly text and call her. She'll also go on dates with you if you ask. If you flirt with her, she will readily flirt back. Have fun trying to become more than friends with her!

Bond Reward: +10 Mana Capacity

…Was it finally happening?

My popular period… has come?

I, Satou Kazuma, am a man who refuses to second guess himself.

If I see such an encouraging development in the relationship, I will not hesitate to take things further.

If it was like this with Rin now, then perhaps I could start making moves on her…

Warning! Despite how high the bond rank is, there's always a chance that it could revert all the way down if you force a development in the relationship! Proceed cautiously!

On second thought, it wasn't good to rush.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, snoiper1 and 556 others
BoringBone
Sep 8, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 8: A Repopulation For This Dungeon!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 9, 2024
Add bookmark
#163
Chapter 8: A Repopulation For This Dungeon!

Part 1

After my cafe date with Rin, I went to 'Sunshine' smoothie to claim my weekly 'Stamina' bonus.

I was expecting to get a 'Charisma' bonus as well, but…

This store is no longer considered trendy! No 'Charisma' bonuses will be awarded!

Trends come and go, after all.

I used the money I stole from that delinquent to buy a blueberry banana smoothie.

While enjoying my smoothie, I thought about my stat increases.

Although I was making steady progress, my physical stats were only just reaching those of an average person's.

There was still quite a long way to go.

The only stat that was truly improving at a fast rate was my 'Cunning' skill.

If it wasn't for my atrocious 'Speed' and 'Dexterity', perhaps I would have been better suited for the Thief class.

While bemoaning my lack of innate talent once more, I headed home once I finished my smoothie.

In terms of weekly stat bonuses, there were also Kazuto's lessons on how to pick-up girls.

If it wasn't for the stat bonus, I wouldn't bother going to that brat for lessons.

When I got home, I found him playing on his Nintendo Switch.

…Did this guy actually have a girlfriend?

"Hm? Nii-san wants a lesson again? It can't be helped…"

Acting so smug about it…

"Listen, nii-san, girls like it when you're a bit mean to them…"

He then proceeded to give me the most generic pick-up artist advice ever.

Your 'Charisma' has increased by +1!

It still ended up raising my charisma somehow.

After getting the weekly lesson from Kazuto, I went up to my room to do homework.

It was almost the end of the month, meaning that I would soon see the rewards for my hard work at school.

Since the dungeon was out of commission for a few days, I had a lot of free time to work on trying to raise my stats and learn new skills.

However, just like before, simply doing a bunch of random tasks around the house didn't do anything.

I remembered what Mitsurugi said, about how only meaningful practice and outcomes will trigger an improvement in stats.

If it came to meaningful training, I remembered that early on, I gained some points in 'Speed' after I ran for 30 minutes straight.

"...What a pain."

Although I didn't really want to do exercise outside of what I was already doing in the soccer club, I put on my tracksuit and headed outside.

With my improved stamina and training, I didn't struggle anymore when it came to jogging for 30 minutes.

I even lasted an hour of jogging around my neighborhood before I needed to take a break.

You broke your previous jogging record! Your 'Speed', 'Stamina' and 'Willpower' increased by +1!

Pushing past my limits increased a lot of my stats.

If I could raise my physical stats this way, I wondered if it was the same for the other stats.

Would the same work for magic?

I tried it out, going to my backyard.

I set up some used cans in a line and pointed at them with my finger.

"[Tinder]!"

With the newly improved [Tinder], I noticed that the bolt of fire that shot out of my finger had more power behind it than before.

It knocked the can over and left a burn mark on the surface.

I proceeded to knock over the rest of the cans until I was low on mana.

Your 'Magic Power' increased by +1!

It really did work.

Although I'd have to keep increasing the intensity of the practice to see actual results.

"Nii-san, what are you doing here? Dinner's ready."

Kazuto called out to me from the house.

After eating dinner, I went up to Aqua and said,

"Since you made the app, can you tell me what kind of practice I need to do to raise each stat?"

Aqua, who was eating ice cream in the living room, said,

"...Isn't it obvious? Best way to increase your physical stats is to exercise. Best way to increase your intelligence is to study and to perform intense mental tasks. You get faith by praying and doing good deeds. You increase magic stats by practicing magic."

"I'm asking for specific things I can do… For example, with 'Intelligence', studying is more of a long term thing. Is there anything specific I can do to raise the stat right now?"

"You can try learning about a subject you're not familiar with. I don't know, maybe watch a documentary or something."

"Alright, sounds good."

I took the remote and changed the channel she was watching.

"Hey! I was watching that TV drama! If I don't watch it, I can't talk to the housewives in the market!"

She had too much time in her hands.

I ignored her and switched to a documentary channel. There was a documentary on about the theories behind dark energy.

"Oh, this is actually pretty interesting."

I said, watching the program. I didn't really watch documentaries before because I thought they were boring. If someone mentioned 'dark energy' to me, I'd assume it was an RPG thing.

Something Megumin would make a chuuni speech about.

"...This is lame. I'm going to my room."

Aqua said, getting up and going upstairs.

After watching the hour long documentary…

Your 'Intelligence' increased by +1!

By the time I finished the documentary, I found myself feeling really tired.

It was as if exhaustion filled my body all at once.

Warning! Your 'Stamina' is dangerously low! Overtraining might result in physical and mental fatigue!

I didn't notice it before, but it seemed that stat training actually took up a fair bit of stamina.

Even though it was listed as a physical stat, 'Stamina' was also affected by mental training.

Making sure to take that into account next time, I went to bed early and went to sleep.

Part 2

"Good morning, senpai!"

"Morning, Rin."

Walking to school with Rin had become a daily routine.

Since my relationship with Rin had good momentum…

"Say, Rin, I heard that 'The Magic Tanuki Girl' has a movie adaptation coming out this week."

"Oh, yes! I'm gonna watch it when it comes out, of course!"

"Do you want to watch it together?"

"I was actually going to ask you, senpai, but you beat me to it!"

A good mood really was forming between us.

At this point, it wasn't strange if I actually ended up dating Rin.

Since the movie was coming out on Sunday, we made plans to meet up at the movie theater.

Your 'Bravery' increased by +1!

Asking her out on a date increased my 'Bravery'.

I was in a good mood throughout the day.

During soccer practice, I was still in a good mood.

"Whoa, Satou… You're playing inspired today."

Mitsurugi said, once he saw me finally pulling off a cross that was halfway decent.

"Well… Life is better when you have something to look forward to at the end of the week."

"...I don't want to kick you down while you're feeling good about yourself, but it's kind of creepy to see you acting like this."

During practice, I focused on practicing my passes and finding open teammates during the practice matches.

I also made sure to play with more intensity than before.

Your 'Dexterity' and 'Intuition' increased by +1!

Soccer practice took up half of my stamina points, lowering it to 25.

Since it was a Tuesday, I headed to my part-time job at the convenience store after soccer practice.

It was a straightforward job and I could afford to go on autopilot while still performing well.

"Good work. Here's your pay."

The boss handed me 3,000 yen.

I'd need this money for the movie date with Rin.

Although, I'd have to pay 1,000 yen to my parents…

Your 'Willpower' and 'Bravery' increased by +1!

Going to work decreased my stamina points all the way down to 10.

I figured that I could train one more stat for the night before I became exhausted.

When I got home, I went to the backyard and practiced my magic again.

This time, I filled the cans up with rocks and tried knocking them over.

It took two shots to knock the cans over this time.

Your 'Magic Power' increased by +1!

Aqua was watching me train my magic midway through.

Once I was done, she said,

"I'm glad you're taking things seriously for once, Kazuma!"

"Why don't you train your stats, too?"

"Hmph. Unlike you, most of my stats are already incredibly high! Only my 'Intelligence' and 'Luck' have low scores!"

Was that really something anyone could admit enthusiastically?

Magic training took up the rest of my stamina points. After doing my homework, I prepared to head to sleep.

Before I could tuck myself in, I got a text notification. It was from Darkness.

"Hello, this is Darkness. Chris and I went to the dungeon, but it seems that something terrible happened in the Giant Toad area. There are also no monsters on the first floor. Chris seemed really upset about this, and I want to help her somehow. If you know anything about this, please tell us. Thank you for your assistance."

Why was her texting style so formal?

Even though she was like that in real life.

I felt bad since I had a hand in the destruction of the Giant Toad area.

I didn't know why Chris was upset about it, but she did seem to take her duties as Eris's hero candidate seriously.

After sending a text back to Darkness telling her that I'd meet up with them to help tomorrow, I went to sleep.

…

…

The next day went about the same as the last.

Since I promised to head to the dungeon with Darkness and Chris, I didn't spend too much energy in soccer practice.

"And I thought Satou started taking this seriously…"

Mitsurugi had this to say as I phoned it in during practice.

"We have a game on Friday. You better be in your best condition by then."

"Yeah, yeah."

I ignored his nagging and continued to lazily practice.

I went to the dungeon after practice was over.

Darkness and Chris were waiting for me inside the entrance. I waved to them as I saw them when I entered the dungeon.

"Yo."

"I'm glad you agreed to help, Kazuma-kun… This is quite the crisis."

"I think I got the gist of it from what Darkness told me."

I said, acting as if I didn't know exactly what happened.

Your 'Cunning' increased by +1!

It made me feel like an asshole everytime that particular stat improved.

"Darkness and I have been investigating and we found a bucket near the Giant Toad area."

She held up the bucket that Megumin left last time.

It was filled with rotting carcasses. I pinched my nose.

"...I wonder why a bucket is here in the dungeon."

Darkness said, while peering at the bucket.

"I have a theory. Inside the bucket, there's something written there with a marker. It says 'Container of Madness'. I believe that this is a tool that the Demon King army used to gather the creatures in this area, in order to drive the monsters to extinction."

"They already infiltrated the dungeon?!"

"Perhaps…"

Chris actually thought that Megumin's chuunibyou nonsense was part of the Demon King army's plans.

I almost wanted to apologize.

Darkness went on to say,

"I dug up some of the debris in the Giant Toad area, but we couldn't find any clues aside from the bucket. The Demon King army probably left that there to taunt us. What despicable demons… Hehe…"

She grinned, as if she was excited to meet these same demons she described as despicable.

Also, she casually said that she dug up the debris… How strong was this girl?

"It seems you two already did most of the investigation. I suppose you don't need my help…"

I was eager to turn around and leave.

"You can still help, Kazuma-kun! I actually have a plan to repopulate the first floor. After all, it's bad if this area doesn't have monsters in it for new hero candidates to train on."

"Ah… Sure. I'm glad to help."

I really wasn't.

Chris led us to the Giant Toad area. Along with the dungeon repairing itself and Darkness cleaning the debris, there was a pathway to the second floor door now.

"Alright, let's head to the second floor! I'm sad that we couldn't beat the Giant Toads, but what's done is done."

"I'm going to miss those Giant Toads…"

Darkness seemed genuinely remorseful that the Giant Toads were no more.

I didn't know what they planned to do on the second floor, but I still followed them, unable to refuse.

Along the way, I saw the corpse of a Giant Toad, buried underneath some rubble.

I also saw the dungeon floor siphoning off the rotten flesh of the Giant Toad, absorbing it within the dirt.

What a gruesome sight.

Part 3

The second floor led into another maze-like area with torches along the wall.

It seemed that, aside from the wide area boss room that had unique biomes, most dungeon floors had a labyrinthine, cave-like environment.

"There's an enemy around the corner."

Chris said, using her [Enemy Detection] to find the enemy.

Since we both had similar skill sets, I felt a bit redundant.

"Hah…!"

Darkness tried to cut down the big eared monster known as a gremlin, but she missed badly with her greatsword.

"Kyiii!"

The gremlin let out a loud shriek and jumped at Darkness, attempting to bite her.

"...Its bite is not that strong."

Darkness said, sighing in disappointment as she held her hand out for the gremlin to bite.

"[Bind]!"

Chris threw a rope at the gremlin, tying it up.

"Alright, let's bring this to the first floor."

Their plan was to repopulate the first floor by bringing down low-threat monsters from the second floor.

As for the monsters who were too strong for the first floor…

"Kazuma-kun…! Shoot down its core!"

A purple slime came out and attacked Darkness.

"Ah…! This one actually hurts a little! Is that poison? It's trying to poison me… Kuh!"

"[Snipe]."

I put an end to Darkness's fun by shooting the core of the slime, making it disperse.

It was my job to take care of monsters that could harm beginners on the first floor.

With Darkness as the frontline, all I had to do was follow it up with an attack.

As for the monster loot, we didn't make much money since we were splitting it three ways, although I did get 15 EXP from taking monsters down.

Still, the 350 yen I earned was a paltry reward for all the effort we were putting in.

So far, Chris had captured a gremlin, a pair of kobolds and a pair of goblins.

Although gremlins were a bit stronger than kobolds and goblins, they were still low-class monsters that weren't a threat to beginners.

"What do we do for food? All the creatures on the first floor have also disappeared."

I said, after we left the gremlin on the first floor. Thankfully, since the environment was similar, the monsters didn't panic too much when they were relocated.

"Since the monsters feed on regular creatures, I suppose we can just bring some from the outside world. There are also monsters that resemble food, but they just use that appearance as a disguise to hunt other monsters that try to feed on them."

She was probably referring to food-based monsters like the Flying Cabbages and Lettuce that I encountered before.

Speaking of food-based monsters, the next one we encountered fell in that category.

Green Onions came out from the ground and attacked us once we got close.

"...! A-Amazing! They're whipping me! Although it doesn't hurt that much, this is…!"

Darkness cried out in ecstasy when the green onions started using their shoots to whip her.

I glanced at Chris, who weakly chuckled and said,

"S-She has strange hobbies, but I swear she's a nice girl!"

We defeated the Green Onions and brought them to the first floor.

Surprisingly, those things gave out a lot of EXP.

I got 30 points just from taking down 2 of them, while Chris took down some herself.

"Let's see… I think this will do."

We planted the bulbs of the green onions near the pond on the first floor.

"Let us pray to Eris-sama for the growth of these green onions…"

Showing a serious side for once, Darkness put her hands together and prayed.

We joined her in prayer, wishing for the growth of these green onions.

Your 'Faith' increased by +1!

"I'm sure Eris-sama is happy with your prayers!"

Chris said, after we stopped praying.

"...Since these green onions give out a lot of EXP, won't the monsters who eat them become too powerful for beginners?"

I said, the thought just occurred to me after I remembered what happened to the Giant Toads.

"Is Kazuma-kun worried about the monsters evolving? Don't worry, for low-threat monsters, they don't have the capacity to evolve. The only ones we brought down that can evolve are the kobolds, who can evolve to kobold heroes, but there's a specific requirement for them to evolve that doesn't involve gaining a lot of EXP."

Monsters apparently had a limit on how many levels they could gain. I suppose there was no such risk of a goblin god variant emerging.

"May these goblins grow big and strong…"

I didn't even want to know what Darkness was muttering about.

Part 4

Chris said that she'd try and bring some normal creatures and animals from the outside for the monsters to hunt.

"Thanks for coming to help, Kazuma-kun!"

I waved goodbye as I saw her off.

I turned to Darkness and said,

"Well… I should get going, too…"

"Please wait."

Before I could slip away, Darkness asked me to stay.

"What is it…?"

"W-Why are you looking at me with those eyes full of suspicion?"

Did she give me any reason not to suspect her?

Collecting toad slimes, getting off on monsters beating up on her, muttering about wanting goblins to get big and strong…

This girl clearly had several screws loose.

I didn't want to bother talking to her if Chris wasn't around.

Darkness was the hot girl's weird friend you pretend to get along with.

"...It's not much, I just need Kazuma's help to complete a quest I have."

"I refuse."

"P-Please let me finish!"

Because of her usual behavior, even that sentence seemed lewd to me.

"Fine. What's the quest?"

"Well, one of them requires a man to slap me on the face…"

I wound up my arm and slapped her clean on the left cheek.

"..."

She stared at me in shock.

"What? You asked for it."

"Y-Yes, I did… But to think that you wouldn't even hesitate…"

"Listen, I'm a man who values the concept of 'gender equality' greatly. If you think I'll hold back just because you're a female, you're dead wrong."

Besides, she asked for it.

"A-As expected! I had high expectations of Kazuma… but you've far exceeded them!"

She looked at me with bright eyes full of admiration.

"Right… Well, I gotta get going now."

"Thank you for helping me! I hope I can rely on your help again in the future!"

Just leave me alone already.

She went back into the dungeon to the entrance she used to get in.

She was clearly a foreigner who lived in a different part of the world, but I didn't know which country she came from.

Your bond with Darkness has deepened!

Darkness (Masochist Crusader), Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, Darkness has decided that you have what it takes to be an excellent sadist. She will seek you out whenever she wants to receive your punishment. She also thinks that you have the face of a scumbag who likes to abuse women, and that your abusive slap is commendable. She believes that you can be the S to her M and would like you to proactively abuse her more in the future.

Bond Reward: +5 Health.

…The reward itself was good, but everything else wasn't.

She was clearly a girl I needed to stay away from.

…

…

Since I used a lot of stamina in the dungeon, I didn't have any energy to train my magic or do any exercise.

I wanted to watch a documentary to try and raise my 'Intelligence', but Aqua learned her lesson from last time and kept the remote away from me.

Thanks to her, I was stuck watching a show where a mix of idols and experts in various fields were reacting to trending shops.

I was surprised to see the cafe I went to with Chris and Rin featured in the show.

"This cafe has drawn in many young people! It is recommended to order their specialty lattes and cheesecakes!"

"Wowww~! That's amazing~!"

"It is always inspiring to see small businesses like this thrive, even during our slow economy."

"Ahhh~ Is that soooo~?"

An idol and an economics expert provided their opinions on the cafe.

While watching this segment, a notification popped up on my phone.

The 'Sakura Cafe' is now considered a trending store! Weekly bonus of +1 Charisma increases to +2!

I felt bad for 'Sunshine Smoothie'.

The public's interest shifted away from them.

I vowed to remain as a loyal customer.

Mostly because of the stamina boost.

While slouching lazily on the couch, Aqua said,

"A trendy cafe, huh? I bet Kazuma will never step foot inside it, being a HikiNEET and all."

I smirked and replied,

"Actually, I went there with Chris and Rin before. Not only that, I'm going on a movie date with Rin this Sunday…"

Aqua stared at me and blinked,

"You know, I don't appreciate you using me to raise your 'Cunning' stat…"

"I'm not lying."

I tried to convince her, but she couldn't believe that I actually managed to score a date with a girl.

Frustrated by Aqua refusing to believe me, I went upstairs and texted Rin.

"Hey, just making sure, you remember that we have plans on Sunday, right?"

I only just realized after I sent it how desperate-sounding this message was.

"Of course, senpai! Let's sneak in some snacks, OK? Theater food is too expensive…"

I actually got a flutter in my stomach from that.

Even though I kept insisting to Aqua that I really was going on a date with a girl, maybe a part of me also didn't really believe it.

Getting a cute reply like that from Rin not only confirmed it, but it gave me a rush of excitement, too.

"..."

And then the anxiety came.

Going on a date with a girl… It was something I hadn't done before.

Not to mention that my 'Charisma' was at a 30 and my 'Attractiveness' was just about average.

Even the app was saying that I had no chance.

The bond description did say that I could ask Rin out on dates, but that didn't necessarily mean that we were dating yet.

Ah… Who knew that these sort of normie matters were this complicated?

Back then, I would scoff at guys who desperately tried to woo girls.

Now here I was, panicking over a simple date.

It wasn't that easy living as a normie, huh?

After worrying about the date for a few hours, even staying up until midnight, I sent a text to Mitsurugi,

"I'm sorry for being prejudiced towards you before."

I thought that normies lived on 'Easy Mode', but even guys who were successful with girls had their own worries.

After a while, he replied,

"Satou, I'm telling you this as your teammate and acquaintance… It's not good to drink at a young age. Wait until you're older."

He thought that I was drunk texting him in the middle of the night.

Part 5

After an ordinary day at school, I headed over to soccer practice.

Since there was a game on Friday, the coach had us do a series of skirmishes against each other.

"Good, Satou-kun! Your passes are getting crisper!"

Ever since Mitsurugi started getting me to work on crosses, my skill regarding them got better.

I focused especially on early-crosses, since I was playing a Midfield role.

Your 'Dexterity' and 'Intuition' increased by +1!

Speaking of Mitsurugi, after practice was over, he approached me and said,

"...Listen, Satou… I know it's stressful having to balance soccer, school and all the dungeon stuff, but…"

"I wasn't drinking last night."

I set the record straight with him before he got any weird ideas.

After soccer practice, I headed over to my part-time work.

"Hey, boss, do you need me to work an extra shift today?"

I said, trying to get more money from my boss.

"Hah? Are you trying to buy a new game, or something?"

Even those outside my family thought that I was the kind of guy who'd spend all my money on video games.

"I'm going on a date with a girl this Sunday."

"Ahh… You buying an eroge, huh? Well, since I'm only having you work 2 shifts a week, I think it's fine to give you a few extra. I'm pretty sure the legal limit is 28 hours a week for students, right?"

After I convinced the boss, I managed to work extra hours.

That drained all of my stamina for the night, though.

Still, it was worth it since I earned 6,000 yen.

That left me with 8,900 yen in total.

After I accepted the sealed envelope with my pay from the boss, I headed home.

I enjoyed the night chill as I walked along the city streets.

It was occasionally nice to take such walks during the night. Since I was hungry after skipping dinner, I stopped at a ramen stall to get something to eat.

Since I needed to recover the calories I lost from soccer practice and working an extra shift, I ordered a substantial pork-broth ramen with extra chashu slices and half-boiled egg.

The whole thing cost me 650 yen, but it was worth it since I needed to fill my stomach.

While enjoying the salty pork broth, firm noodles and the tender slices of pork belly, I saw out of the corner of my eye that the guy next to me was trying to slip out without paying.

The store keeper was busy dealing with another customer, while this shady guy slowly stood up and tried to escape.

He had blond hair, which didn't look like it was dyed, meaning he was likely a foreigner like Darkness.

His shabby clothes and attempt to dine and dash led me to believe that he was a down on his luck foreigner, who couldn't afford a meal.

If this guy did this around me when I didn't have extra cash on me, I would have ratted him out to the shopkeeper.

Instead, I took out some money and said,

"Shopkeep, I'm with that guy over there."

The shopkeeper turned around and glanced at the both of us before shrugging and accepting the money.

The blond guy sat back down on his seat and patted my shoulder,

"Whoa! Dude, thanks for treating me!"

I finished up my ramen and turned to look at him.

At first I thought that he was speaking in perfect Japanese, but I noticed that there was a difference with the way his lips formed words, compared to the perfectly accented Japanese I was hearing.

Could it be… Was the app translating what he was saying to me?

From what I understood, only fellow app users and those from the so-called 'other world' could activate the language translation feature of the app.

Your 'Intuition' increased by +1!

I knew it.

"Oi… You're an app user, aren't you?"

I said, holding out my app title screen to show to him.

"Eh? Ah… You're one of those guys. I don't really have an app, though."

He took out a card from his pocket and showed it to me.

It showed his stats, although unlike mine, his were restricted to 'Strength', 'Health', 'Speed', 'Dexterity', 'Magic Power' and 'Luck'.

"Huh? What's this? You don't have a phone?"

I said, when he showed me the card that looked like it functioned like my app.

"...What's wrong with having a good old fashioned Adventurer Card, huh?! All you weirdos with apps are what's strange to me. The original is better, that's what I say!"

What a weird guy.

Even though he was around my age, he was talking like some bitter old man who was scared about technological advances in the modern age. I said,

"I'm Satou Kazuma. What's your name?"

"Hm… Call me Dust."

He really was a weird guy.

Even if he was a foreigner, I didn't know any foreigners who had the name 'Dust'.

"I take it you regularly explore the dungeon, then?"

"Not really. Not since the first time I arrived here. Say… I know a way to pay you back, Kazuma. You looking to have a good time tonight?"

"Sorry, I don't swing that way."

"That's not what I meant. You see, there's a certain service that opened up in the city recently and they serve guys like us."

"Guys like us? You mean dungeon explorers?"

He nodded and took out two tickets and handed one to me.

The ticket said 'Succubus Shop' in fancy cursive.

It clearly referred to some kind of red-light district service.

"I'm interested."

"Hoh! I knew I could get along with you! Come with me and I'll show you the way. Hehe…"

Even though this whole thing was shady as hell, I allowed Dust to lead me to this so-called Succubus Shop.

Part 6

When I tried searching up the Succubus Shop in the Service Locator app, it said that there were no matches.

That could mean that the app wasn't aware about this service, or it was blocking information about it as a form of censoring.

I found myself even more intrigued.

"Here it is…"

After dragging me to the red-light district, Dust pointed to a dark alleyway. I said,

"Just so you know, I have a trained hitman who will come look for me if I don't call him every 30 minutes."

"...What's up with that obvious lie? And I already told you that I'm not up to anything suspicious."

I suppose not all of my lies worked.

I used [Night Vision] and [Farsight] to look ahead in the alley.

Instead of finding a group of thugs waiting to ambush me, I found a floating door, similar to the dungeon entrance.

"Seems you were telling the truth…"

"You're one paranoid guy. Let's go already."

I followed him to the door expecting [Enemy Detection] to activate at any time, but it never did.

Dust never really explained what this Succubus Shop was. I could only guess until the moment we reached the door and he opened it.

"Welcome to the Succubus Shop! Ah, Dust-san, welcome back! Oh, did you bring a friend?"

All my worries and doubts disappeared.

The scantily clad girl in front of me was clearly not human. She had erotic features that looked like they came out of an eromanga, as well as monstrous features like a tail and wings.

Without a doubt, she belonged to that famous classification of devils called a succubus.

"Bwehehe! Yeah, I came back right away~! I get a discount for bringing this guy, right?"

"Of course!"

He was just using me to get a discount. I wasn't too surprised.

Another succubus came out to take Dust to one of the many private booths set up around the shop.

Looking around, I saw that there were other guys in here. From what Dust told me, they were fellow app users like myself.

It was my first time seeing a large group of app users. I was a bit curious about their identities, but they hid themselves well in the privacy booths.

Completely understandable.

"Well, then, sir…"

"I'm Kazuma."

"Kazuma-san! Please follow me!"

I gulped as the succubus turned around and started walking, leading me to a booth.

My eyes naturally gravitated to her butt and the tail that wagged behind her.

I gave a silent thanks to Dust, as I followed this real life succubus.

Once we were in the booth, I said,

"Should I take my pants off now, baby?"

"...Eh? Did Dust-san not tell you? We don't provide those kinds of services here…"

"Thank you very much. I'll see myself out."

I stood up from the chair as soon as I sat down.

"At least let me finish my sentence."

The succubus's hospitable smile started to become thin and forced.

She explained to me how this succubus shop worked.

The succubi that worked in this shop were migrants from the other world.

Once the Demon King army managed to open portals to our dimension, some accidental rifts opened up in the other world.

Humans and devils alike found themselves stumbling into our dimension.

Without a way to return to their dimension, since the Demon King army's portal opening capabilities were also limited, they had no choice but to stay in our dimension and try to make a living.

And of course, as succubi, they decided to go into the sex trade.

There was a catch, however.

They didn't offer sexual services directly, as they were concerned about how devils from the 'other world' and humans from this world might receive unforeseen diseases, and other complications, if they were to engage in intercourse.

That was how they came up with the idea to use their dream manipulation powers to give humans hyper-realistic sex dreams, one that they could customize however they wished.

"Genius… What a genius idea…"

I said, once the succubus explained how the services worked.

"I'm glad you think so! And all we ask for is a bit of vitality and a 1,000 yen fee!"

"That's more than reasonable."

I hurriedly paid for the service.

"Thank you very much!"

She happily accepted my money.

I wanted to save money for the date with Rin, but this wasn't an opportunity I could pass up.

"Now, let's get to the fun part! You can customize your lewd dream by filling out this form!"

She took out a form and gave me a pen to write with.

"Hm…? Why does it say 'preferred name' here?"

"A lot of our customers want to try living as someone else in their dreams! A famous celebrity, an eccentric billionaire, a historical icon… There are some who even wanted to try switching into the body of their own relative!"

That was more information than I wanted to know.

I looked at the fields and they included a lot of customization options such as body specs, age and gender.

It was almost like a customization menu in an RPG.

"For now I'd like to play as myself…"

"That's the recommended option for beginners! We once had a customer who asked us to make him a school girl in a non-consent tentacle play. He never recovered psychologically. Ah, I almost forgot, please sign this waiver…"

I really didn't want to hear what the other customers asked for.

After I signed the waiver, I looked at the rest of the options past the customization part.

"Let's see… Sensation levels, moral filter, realism, time span… There's a lot of options here."

"We aim to provide the most satisfying experience for customers! Time span probably needs a bit of clarification. You see, time can work differently in a dream, especially with the assistance of us succubi. We could make your dream scenario last for several years, even an entire lifetime, even if you've only been sleeping for a few hours. Or we could design a sexual encounter that lasts for only five minutes, even if you've been sleeping for much longer."

I wasn't sure if I could handle living an entire simulated lifetime, only to wake up to my own reality.

"For now, let's keep the sensation levels, moral filter and realism at a 'moderate' level. For time span… A one hour encounter will do."

I wrote down my preference and moved on to the next part, which was similar to the customization field earlier, but this time it focused on the partner in the dream.

"Oh… It says that I can have multiple partners?"

"Yes! Not only that, you can customize everything about them, their appearance, personality and even age! If you'd like, you can even choose someone that you know, or a famous figure."

"...E-Even their age. Isn't that kind of… dangerous?"

"It doesn't matter. It's just a dream after all!"

"...And you said that I can even pick a famous figure… Aren't there legal and ethical issues surrounding that?"

"It's fine since it's just a dream!"

"I-I mean… Let's say that I wanted to request an idol… Or an anime character. Aren't there legal issues concerning that?"

"There's no issue if it's a dream!"

"That's bad… Isn't it? I mean… What if, for example, I requested some seiyuu… If I asked for Takahashi Rie, Amamiya Sora and Kayano Ai at the same time… T-That's an invasion of privacy and an ethical issue, isn't it?!"

"...I keep telling you that it's fine since it's a dream."

I leaned back in my chair, amazed by the possibilities of this service.

"Amazing… Truly amazing…"

"Um, Kazuma-san… I do have to serve other customers…"

She was telling me to hurry up.

I opted to go the simple route for the first time and wrote down 'very beautiful girl' as my request for a partner. As for body type, I wrote down 'medium sized breasts and perfect, fit body'.

It was my first time using this service and I didn't want to overload myself.

The last option asked me to list my preferred scenario.

I left it blank. I had too many fantasies to pick from and I didn't want to keep this succubus receptionist waiting.

"Alright, you're all done! Just some instructions before you go. Please give us the address of where you're staying for the night and leave a window open, so that our staff may freely enter and leave. If you're going to drink liquor, please make sure not to drink too much, as this may interfere with your sleep patterns."

"Roger!"

I saluted her as she gave me the instructions.

After giving her the address to my house and directions to my room, I headed out and saw Dust leaving his booth at around the same time.

"Bwehehe… How is it, Kazuma? What did you ask for?"

"It's a secret of course…"

"Ahh… I asked to bang this hot girl I saw earlier who looked at me as if I was trash. I'm looking forward to putting her in her place tonight!"

If it wasn't for Dust, I would have never found this place…

Just like the crane from that legend, he repaid the favor he owed me.

"Dust… Thank you for showing me this place."

"Anything for my pal!"

We exchanged a manly handshake.

You have established a bond with 'The Blond Delinquent', Dust!

Dust (The Blond Delinquent) Bond Rank: 1

At Rank 1, Dust will remember that you bought him a bowl of ramen. You two share a common interest as patrons of the Succubus Shop. He views you as a fellow man of culture. Buying food for him and settling his many debts will deepen the bond between you two.

…He had many debts?

"Eh? Kazuma… Why are you backing away like that?"

"Ah… I should head home soon. I want to experience that dream as soon as possible, after all…"

"The night's still young! Let's get some more ramen! Or maybe some booze? Ah, you'll pay for me again, right, buddy?"

This guy was trouble.

Part 7

"Hm? Kazuma, why are you so late?"

Aqua was in the living room, enjoying a late night snack while watching TV.

"...None of your business."

"You probably just took an extra shift at work or something. You don't have a social life, so you can afford to work a lot of hours, huh?"

Once again, I noticed that she was surprisingly perceptive.

She was right about me taking extra shifts, but there was no way she could know about my visit to the Succubus Shop…

"Wait… Sniff, sniff… Kazuma, you stink!"

She started sniffing me. I backed away from her.

"...I told you that I was working, didn't I? I'll take a bath, just leave me alone."

Even though I didn't care at all about Aqua, having a beautiful girl say 'you stink!' over and over still did a bit of mental damage to me.

"It's not that! This is not an ordinary HikiNEET stink… It almost smells like a devil's stink…!"

"...?!"

She was way too perceptive!

"I don't know what you're talking about…"

"Is it my imagination? Hmm…"

Thankfully, she didn't start interrogating me about why I smelled like a devil.

I hurriedly went upstairs and headed to the bath, scrubbing myself off from any devil scents.

After taking a bath, I went to my room and prepared for the succubus visit.

Even though it was chilly, I opened the window for the succubus.

I changed my clothes, laid in bed and anxiously waited for the succubus to come.

Eventually, the extra shifts from work started to take its toll on me and I began to sleep.

…

…

"Begone! And don't ever come back!"

When I opened my eyes, I assumed that I woke up prematurely.

However, I remembered what the succubus told me, that it was hard to differentiate what was real from the dream.

The fact that I was conscious meant that I was in a dream.

I looked around for the beautiful girl I requested, only to see a familiar figure standing by my open window.

It was Aqua.

"...Damn. I should have been more specific."

I said, regretting the fact that I only wrote 'beautiful girl with medium sized breasts and a fit body'.

The description matched Aqua perfectly, but I didn't even have her in mind when I made the request.

"Kazuma, you're finally up! There was this intruder and… What are you doing?"

She said, as she saw me get up from bed and start taking my pants off.

"You should know by now. Hurry up and strip."

She stared at me for a while, before pointing at me accusingly.

"Y-You finally lost it! I knew I was in danger living with a pervert like you! You can't help lusting over my divine body!"

Even though this was a dream, she was just as annoying as she was in reality.

"...Is there a way to tone down the bitchiness a bit? I guess not… Oh, well. I suppose this is fun, too, putting that useless goddess in her place."

"Kazuma, you've been acting weird for a while now! Wait, don't tell me that… Hey!"

I got up and grabbed her arm, pulling her to the bed.

She looked up at me in surprise as I laid over her.

"Despite your personality… I guess you are a bit of a looker. And your body is decent, I guess. Alright, let's do this."

"Y-You really have lost it, huh?! Although it's not bad to hear Kazuma admitting that I have good looks…"

"Yeah, yeah, I admit, you're kinda hot. That's the only thing you have going for you. Now shut up and just let me do it already…"

"Are you that backed up?! As if I'd go all the way with you just because you said 'let me do it'! Kazuma… I didn't know you were this pitiful… I almost feel bad for you. Hmm… I suppose if you're that backed up, I could humor you a bit."

I clicked my tongue. There was too much dialogue. When was the ecchi scene gonna start?!

Despite my frustrations, this was part of the setting the succubus provided. It was rude not to play along.

"Hah? Humor me? What do you mean?"

Aqua gave me a smug smirk and said,

"If you beg me, I suppose I can give you a bit of service, but don't expect me to go all the way!"

"A bit of service? Like what?"

"Like I said, don't expect me to actually give up my sacred maidenhood to you, but if you're that desperate, I suppose I can give you a 'helping hand'. Oh, you'll also have to pay me 2,000 yen."

Even in a dream, Aqua was still greedy and opportunistic.

"Fine. I suppose we can start with that."

"...How did you get this arrogant? Did you always have this kind of confidence? Pay up first!"

Since this was just a dream anyway, I didn't care about giving her my money. I took out the 2,000 yen she asked for and gave it to her.

"Heh. You're so easy, Kazuma! You really are desperate for this, aren't you?"

After putting the money in the pocket of her blue pajama bottoms, she pushed me off her and lifted herself up, hovering over me this time.

"Pushing me down like that… Kazuma you really fell for my otherworldly charms, huh? Not that I blame you at all!"

"Just skip the dialogue already and get to the foreplay. I don't have all night."

I pulled down my pants, revealing the boxers I had on underneath.

When I did that, Aqua blinked, then glared at me.

"Why are you taking your pants down so easily?! Shouldn't you hesitate a bit first?!"

This was just a dream. Why would I care about getting embarrassed?

If this was real life, I wouldn't even think about this kind of thing with Aqua of all people.

I was only going along with this since I already paid for the Succubus service, and I was curious about how it'd turn out.

"Don't you ever just shut up?! You already accepted the money, so get to it!"

I started to pull my boxers down.

Just as I was about to whip my son out, I noticed something in the corner of my eye.

Outside the window, there was someone waving their arms.

She was flying outside my window, waving her arms around in a panic.

A girl with light, pink hair, a tail and wings.

"..."

This was undoubtedly the succubus who was supposed to visit me.

"..."

Silently, I stopped pulling my boxers down and got up.

I took my pants and put them back on.

"Huh? What are you doing, Kazuma? Don't tell me you're chickening out."

If this wasn't a dream…

That meant I actually asked Aqua to…

"Kazuma… Why are you crying?!"

Tears ran down my cheeks.

Warning! You received the 'Traumatized' condition! You will receive only half EXP while you have this condition!
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, snoiper1 and 526 others
BoringBone
Sep 9, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 9: A Fight Between These Two Housemates!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#186
Chapter 9: A Fight Between These Two Housemates!

Part 1

When I woke up the next morning, I was filled with despair.

It didn't take long for the memories from last night to come back to me.

Thinking it was a dream, I propositioned Aqua.

I even got a 'Traumatized' condition because of it.

"Ah… It's over."

I didn't feel like getting up, but I also didn't want to see Aqua in the morning.

After eating breakfast, I headed over to school.

"Eh?! Senpai, you don't look so good…"

Rin said, when she saw me.

"Something horrible happened to me last night…"

"Oh, no… Do you mind telling me what happened?"

I almost cried again thinking about it.

"Ah…! Sorry, you don't have to tell me! Senpai, if you want, we don't have to watch the movie this Sunday if you're not feeling well…"

"That's not necessary."

More than ever, I needed this date with Rin.

Throughout the school day, I tried my best to focus in class while not thinking about what almost happened with Aqua.

The fact that she almost went through with it was the most surprising part.

Even if she always goes on about her purity and how sacred she was, Aqua was the kind of girl who was swayed by money and the mood.

The thing was, if she wasn't such a complete irritant and liability, I would have done all kinds of things with her.

After all, she's a top-tier beauty with looks that surpasses even actresses and idols.

But her rotten personality, her complete lack of intelligence and common sense, was a huge turn-off.

When class was finally over, I dragged my feet to the soccer field.

Playing in a game was the last thing I wanted to do, with the depressed mood I was in, but I wanted to avoid going home as much as possible.

"...Satou, what's wrong with you?"

Mitsurugi asked, looking at me with concerned eyes.

This guy who thought of Aqua as a high-class lady wouldn't understand my pain.

If he was in my position last night, he'd probably cry tears of joy.

"You can have her. I don't care."

"What are you talking about?"

He was confused by my vague statement.

After doing our warmups, the coach gathered us to give an inspirational speech.

"No matter what happens today… Just know that in my heart, I consider all of you as champions!"

He was talking about this game as if we were in the nationals already.

It was just an ordinary game.

We ran the same '4-2-3-1' formation as last time, with me as the Attacking Midfielder.

When we were lining up across the opposing team, one of the players, a guy who had a buzz cut, approached Mitsurugi.

"Hoh… If it isn't my rival. I'll make sure to shut you down this time, Mitsurugi…"

"Heh, may the best man win."

A rival character to Mitsurugi showed up.

I ignored their exchange because I seriously didn't care.

"Players line up!"

We lined up against the opposition and bowed.

Unlike in the previous match, none of the opposing players were concerned about me. All of them were focused on the rivalry between Mitsurugi and the buzz cut guy.

The match started with our possession, with Mitsurugi kicking it off to me.

"Let's just get this over with…"

I figured that it was best to get a quick goal like last time, so I wouldn't have to work hard for the rest of the match.

Since I wasn't that confident in my dribbling, I passed it to the winger that I had some good plays with last time.

He was a flashy dude who was normally the loudest guy in the locker room. I found him annoying, but he was surprisingly calm when he was playing.

After making a series of dribbles that didn't go anywhere, he made a back pass to a Defensive Midfielder who moved up to form a triangle between us.

The DM passed it back to me, and I moved as if I was about to make a pass to the winger again.

That was just a trick. While looking at the winger, I chipped it ahead to Mitsurugi.

He controlled the pass even if it was slightly off the mark. He shot me an annoyed look but did his job in holding the ball anyway.

He was holding the ball up, making the buzz cut guy come up to contest him.

While Mitsurugi was holding the ball using that strength of his…

"[Lurk]..."

I hid my presence from everyone else.

Cutting behind Mitsurugi and the buzz cut boy, I made an overlapping run and deactivated [Lurk], raising my hand up to Mitsurugi.

"Oi, pass, pass…"

His eyes lit up in recognition and made a pass to me.

Since he knew my control sucked, he made sure to make it a gentle pass without much spin.

I was wide open, anyway, so I was able to control the ball successfully.

"[Escape]."

I sped myself up from the frontline who was chasing after me.

They didn't know that the effect of [Escape] would decrease if they stopped chasing after me.

The opposing backline moved in position, stopping me and the wingers from developing any plays.

"Let's try this out…"

I tried out the early cross that I had been practicing since the last match.

It turned out as one of my better passes. Maybe I perform better when it counts?

The early cross went sailing over the heads of the midfielders and ended up in the possession of the Left Back who joined the attack.

The Left Back did a one-two with the Left Winger to free himself and moved up the side, looking for a cross.

I used [Lurk] again to escape notice and made a diagonal cut along the center.

"I'm open."

The Left Back was surprised to see me, but crossed the ball to me as soon as he did.

I tried to control the ball with my chest.

"Ah."

But I accidentally knocked it away from my reach.

"...We're working on your ball control even more, Satou!"

Mitsurugi ran up and managed to get possession of the ball that I almost lost.

The buzz cut was hot on his trail, trying to tackle him.

"I won't let you dribble it up, Mitsurugi!"

"You can't stop me!"

While everyone was paying attention to the Ace vs. Ace standoff…

I used [Lurk] again to hide my presence.

Once I was in the middle of both the opposing defense, I raised my hand and deactivated [Lurk].

Mitsurugi recognized the play.

He passed the ball to me, this time close to my feet, so I could control it.

"...?! Where did he come from?!"

I could just turn around and shoot the ball, but I wasn't confident in my finishing at all.

Instead, I let the defenders converge around me, before passing it to the Right Winger who made a smart cut towards the goal.

I made a pass from a holding position and found the cutting winger.

The Right Winger controlled my pass and shot it away from the goalkeeper's dive.

My teammates crowded around us and the audience went wild.

"The last game wasn't a fluke! That new CAM is amazing!"

"Having Mitsurugi drop back deeper as a False 9… That midfielder really understands the formation's strengths really well…"

"If only he was a bit more attractive, I'd ask for his number after the game…"

The audience were saying things that were pissing me off.

Why could I hear what the audience was saying, anyway?

Once the team dispersed to go back to play, Mitsurugi said,

"Oi… You keep using your skills…"

"It's fine, it's fine. I mean, you're likely using some passive skills to bolster your athleticism, anyway."

"They're passive skills, I can't help it! But you keep using active skills over and over!"

He had a point.

Once we had a 1-0 lead, we transitioned to defense and didn't let the opponent score the entire match.

All your 'Physical' stats increased by +2!

With that boost, all my 'Physical' stats were that of an average person's now.

Most importantly, my 'Attractiveness' stat was finally at the 50s range…

I went to the audience and sought out girls who might be interested in the new me.

"Sorry… You need to be at least a 7/10 for me to consider you… you're more like a 5/10…"

So that's how it's graded, huh?

Part 2

With the game over and done with, I tried to head home right away.

"Oi, Satou, wait up!"

Only for Mitsurugi to stop me as I was on my way out the school gate.

"...What is it?"

"Erm… Well… I have a skill called [Ally Reading]… And it let me see the 'condition' you have…"

"..."

Ah, this guy saw the 'Traumatized' condition and assumed that I was in some kind of rough spot.

"J-Just to let you know, Satou! Um… I know we're not exactly that close, but… If you're going through something, you can talk to me!"

This was incredibly awkward.

"No, no, it's not what you think…"

He shook his head and placed his hand on my shoulder.

"You don't need to tough it out, Satou. If something's bothering you, it's better to tell someone about it."

What kind of sappy Hurt/Comfort scenario is this?

I could just lie to him, but I didn't really want to do that to someone who was genuinely concerned about me.

"Fine, I'll tell you, but I can't tell you all the details."

"That's fine with me."

"...Let's just say that I almost had an intimate moment with a girl… But I realized midway through that I didn't really want to do it."

"I see… Um… D-Did Rin-san insist on doing it even after you said no? She didn't seem the type, but…"

"Ah? No, it's not about her."

"It's not?! Satou, how many girls do you have?!"

He kept having all these misunderstandings.

"Don't speculate!"

It would be hell if he found out it was Aqua.

"A-Alright. Sorry. It's none of my business, anyway."

"And yet you're bugging me to talk about my problems…"

"This and that are different!"

We ended up having to sit on a bench near the school. Mitsurugi bought me some juice from a vending machine, then gestured for me to keep talking. I said,

"At first, I was all set to do it, but I guess I kinda lost interest midway through…"

"I see… Then, did the girl insist and… do something you weren't comfortable with?"

"No, not really. I told her to buzz off."

"...I-I see."

In his eyes, I could tell that he was thinking this was one messed up relationship.

Well, he wasn't that far off.

"And what made you lose interest in this girl?"

"She's hot, but she's about as intelligent as a summer ant, and at least those things have some kind of middling purpose in their natural habitat."

"S-Satou, that's no way to speak about women!"

"Ahh… You're right… Talking about this is making me feel better…"

"I feel like I helped the wrong person! I should talk to the girl instead!"

Your 'Traumatized' condition has been removed!

"Thanks Mitsurugi… You really helped me out a lot."

"...I'm kinda regretting it now, though."

After solving my problem, Mitsurugi left me alone.

Your bond with Mitsurugi Kyouya has deepened!

Mitsurugi Kyouya (Soccer Club Ace), Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, Mitsurugi Kyouya will view you as a teammate who he can rely on and talk about personal problems with. He will gladly do favors for you if you help him get closer with Aqua. He will give you tips when it comes to the dungeon if you ask, even if he's busy. Even though he thinks that you're kind of scummy, he is starting to see you as a friend that he can confide in. Staying on the soccer team and working hard in practice will deepen your bond with him.

Bond Reward: You learn the [Signature Weapon] skill!

[Signature Weapon] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Assign one of the weapons in your inventory as your 'Signature Weapon'. This weapon gains +5 durability. This weapon won't be destroyed even if it falls below 0 'Durability', but you can't use it again until you fix it.

This guy keeps giving useful rank-up rewards…

Also, it was embarrassing as hell that I was actually getting closer to him.

Even though he was a pretty boy normie…

I chose Chunchunmaru as my signature weapon.

Even though it had a weird name, I was becoming rather fond of it.

Part 3

After that, I headed back home, no longer dreading seeing Aqua.

I found her lazing around on the sofa again.

"I'm home…"

"Ah… It's that guy who got cold feet last night."

She immediately brought it up.

"Hmph… I guess I was backed up or something. I'll never make that mistake again."

"You lost your once in a lifetime chance, Kazuma! Even though a beautiful goddess like me was willing to help you out…"

"Would a goddess even perform lewd acts for some money?"

"...It's called charity! I was willing to receive your donation, and in exchange, I was willing to help you out!"

What a stupid excuse.

"By the way, Kazuma, I sensed some kind of intruder last night…"

By intruder, did she mean…?

"I actually set up a holy barrier around this house to prevent intruders from coming in. Praise me!"

"So it was your fault?! Why did you put up a stupid barrier around the house?! Ahh… You always mess things up!"

I was wondering why the succubus never entered my room. It was Aqua who did that…

"Why are you mad at me?! I was only protecting our home?!"

"Well…"

I couldn't tell her about the succubus at all, especially with how she reacted negatively to smelling a devil's scent on me.

It probably had to do with her being a goddess.

If I told her about the Succubus Shop, she might go down there and exorcise everyone.

"I-It's inconvenient! Tell me next time if you do something like that!"

"I don't get it! Even though I've been so nice to Kazuma recently, you don't appreciate my efforts at all!"

I suppose in her perspective, she was just protecting me and my family. She even tried to help me out when she thought I was backed up last night…

"..."

Wasn't Aqua being rather good to me?

"Listen, Aqua…"

"Forget it! You're really ungrateful, Kazuma! Don't talk to me for a while!"

Warning! Your relationship with Aqua has reached a stalling point! You cannot rank-up your relationship with Aqua until a reconciliation condition is met! Additionally, saying the wrong thing will make your bond rank with her decrease!

After getting a warning message like that from my phone, I decided not to push things.

If I said the wrong thing, it could ruin things between us.

I respected her wishes and went upstairs to my room, leaving her alone in the living room.

…I never thought that I'd actually feel bad over getting into a fight with Aqua.

All this time, I was treating her like she was just a dumbass who wouldn't leave me alone.

Even though our bond was progressing, I was still treating her like the selfish goddess from before.

The fact that she was a goddess made me treat her like she wasn't human.

She was just a normal girl, in the end, even with all the divinity stuff.

She liked to eat snacks, watch TV and liked to drink things that went 'shuwa, shuwa'.

She could even get caught up in a horny mood and offer to do lewd things for a guy she trusted.

That was essentially what happened last night, right?

Even though I didn't want to admit it to myself.

…In the perspective of a normal girl, she had her advances rejected the previous night, then got yelled at for protecting the same guy who rejected her.

Maybe I'm the asshole?

Your 'Intuition' has increased by +1!

Damn this app!

…

…

Later that night, I went out into the red-light district.

I used [Lurk] to hide from cops, who would question a high school student like me for hanging around in the red-light district.

After sneaking around, I made it to the Succubus Shop.

Once I opened the door, the Receptionist Succubus who helped me last time saw me and hurried over.

"Kazuma-sama! I'm sorry for yesterday! W-We sent a rather inexperienced succubus to assist you last night and she failed her task! She even got discovered by someone in your home… This is unforgivable!"

"Ah, no… It's my fault because I didn't tell you that I had an Arch-Priest roommate…"

"An Arch-Priest?! Such a rare advanced class… That explains it…"

"So, yeah, I just wanted to clear the misunderstanding. I'll go now…"

"Wouldn't Kazuma-sama like to try out our service free of charge? To make up for the mistake last time… Of course, we'll also give you a refund for yesterday."

"..."

Since I didn't get any action last night, I was suffering from a major case of blue balls.

"Ah, well, like I said, my house isn't safe…"

"Then please take a nap in our break room! The succubus in charge of you last night will assist you!"

"..."

How could I refuse such an offer?

"I'll be in your care."

"Please follow me!"

She led me to the back, where the succubus living quarters were.

I got turned on from seeing all kinds of sexy succubi in casual clothes, taking their break.

The lewd costumes they wore when working were hot, too, but the gap of seeing such erotic creatures wearing pajamas and other casual wear was even more of a turn on.

"Maybe you should have something like a casual day when you don't wear uniforms…"

I suggested this to the Receptionist Succubus.

"Ah… Perhaps that would please the customers! We'll definitely consider it!"

After receiving my suggestion, she gestured to the break room and said,

"I will call her to this room. Please wait here, Kazuma-sama…"

I nodded and entered the room.

It was a simple room with not a lot of decorations. There was a plain desk with writing materials on it, as well as a dresser by the wall.

I went up to the dresser and tried opening it to see if there were some underwear inside…

"Um… K-Kazuma-sama… I'm here…"

I heard a voice beyond the door.

I took my hand away from the drawer and used [Versatile Actor] to make my voice cooler.

"Come in…"

"Wah… W-What a cool voice…! Oh…"

There was a note of disappointment in her voice when she opened the door and saw me standing there. Perhaps she was thinking that the voice didn't match the face.

She was a rather petite, young-looking succubus. I knew better, since legends say that devils are immortal beings who have lived for centuries, even eons.

She had light pink hair and a cute heart-shaped tail that nervously swayed behind her.

"Um… You can just call me Rorisa! I'm so sorry for what happened last night, Kazuma-sama!"

She bowed deeply to me.

"No, it's fine… It was my fault for not giving you a warning…"

"T-That was truly a powerful barrier… Kazuma-sama is lucky to have such a talented Arch-Priest as a companion."

I didn't really want to think about my strained relationship with Aqua and changed the subject.

"I was told you'll help me directly this time?"

"Yes! Normally, we go to the client's home since it's more convenient for them, but that isn't the case for Kazuma-sama. After filling the form out again, Kazuma-sama can go to sleep on that bed and I can help you achieve the perfect lewd dream right away!"

Having an innocent looking girl like her talking about lewd dreams…

What a wonderful gap.

I took the form from her and went to the desk to write.

"..."

Although, it was rather hard with her looking over my shoulder.

In more ways than one.

"Um… Some privacy, please…"

"But… I'll end up reading it anyway."

Fair point.

While trying not to blush, I wrote my request on the form.

"Ah… I see… I can certainly do that!"

Thankfully, she didn't make any comments about my request.

After handing the form over to Rorisa, I went to the bed and laid down.

It took a few minutes, but I was eventually able to fall asleep.

Part 4

"...I get it, Kazuma. You're so backed up that you need a helping hand, huh?"

When I opened my eyes again, I was back in my room, with Aqua smiling at me.

The request I asked for…

…Was a continuation of last night.

A part of me was curious. What if I didn't stop her?

Did I really find Aqua that repulsive, or did I just massively overreact from finding out that it wasn't a dream?

I looked at the dream version of Aqua and gave her a gentle smile that I could never give her in real life.

"If you don't mind helping me out, sure."

She blinked in surprise.

"Y-You're surprisingly gentle this time, Kazuma… Do you really want it this much?!"

I couldn't help but chuckle. Since this was based on my memories, even the dream version of Aqua reacted like her normal self.

A girl I could laugh with… I had to admit that Aqua's antics were amusing at times.

Did that mean that I felt some kind of romantic feelings for her? I wasn't really sure about that.

But seeing these sides of her, even if it was just a dream…

I started to see Aqua as a girl. Just a little bit.

I took my pajama bottoms down, leaving me in my boxers. I sensed Aqua staring at me as I undressed. Even though it was just a dream, I felt my heart drumming against my chest.

She was blushing, too. I didn't expect her to actually feel embarrassed. Was this how she'd actually act in real life, or was this just my imagination forcing an image on her?

My curiosity kept increasing. Eventually, I managed to get my boxers down.

"...Well… It's bigger than I thought it'd be."

She said, looking at my member in surprise.

A better reaction than I expected.

Or was that just my own ego forcing this dream copy to react this way?

I shook my head, trying not to compare the dream version from the real version.

In the end, this was just a fantasy, a way to deal with the opportunity I missed last night.

It was kind of stupid. Even if it was just Aqua, a girl was offering to take care of my sexual needs, yet I rejected her.

The fact that I didn't just go along with the situation… It was probably a defense mechanism, an attempt to hide my own embarrassment and lack of experience with such things.

Even if this was a dream… I wanted to train my virgin self to get used to such scenarios.

With those thoughts in mind, I watched as dream Aqua reached down to wrap her right hand around my member.

"...!"

Even if it was just a dream… It really felt like a girl was touching me.

"I can't believe I'm actually doing this with Kazuma…"

That condescending hesitation… It felt like something she'd say.

"You accepted the money after all! It's too late!"

I replied appropriately.

After getting used to the feel of my shaft around her hand, she started slowly rubbing it, pumping up and down.

I couldn't help but grunt. It felt way different from jerking off alone. Her hand was soft and her fingers were delicate. And she was surprisingly gentle.

I looked at Aqua. Despite what I thought about her personality, she was still a beautiful being who surpassed the mortal standard of beauty.

Such a beautiful girl was jerking me off…

Why the hell did I reject her in real life?!

The feeling of her hand, seeing her gorgeous face so close to me as she looked down at my member, the knowledge that this otherworldly beauty was willingly giving me a handjob…

…With a look of concentration in her eyes, she wanted me to feel good.

"Hnnnnngh!"

I couldn't handle it and let out long ropes of seed, which landed all over her hands and face.

Was I able to shoot that much, that far, normally? Was this just the effect of the dream, or would getting a handjob from Aqua actually let me shoot out like that, even in reality?

While I was having such random thoughts, I came down from my climax, watching through half-lidded eyes Aqua's shocked reaction at me spraying her all over with my seed.

"E-Ewww! You should have warned me at least, Kazuma! It's all over me!"

Covering such a beautiful girl with my seed…

I actually missed out on such a rare chance.

…

…

When I woke up in the Succubus Shop's break room, I saw that I was wearing a different set of pants.

"Um… Your pants got all sticky and wet… I cleaned it up and gave Kazuma-sama a new pair of pants!"

Exciting things happened to me in reality as well, it seemed.

Too bad I missed out on it.

"...I didn't think it'd feel that good."

Rorisa smiled and said,

"Are you talking about the dream service, or… your particular request?"

I blushed and sat up.

"Thanks for that… Erm… I suppose I'll see you again when I come next time."

What a poor choice of words.

"I'm looking forward to it! I hope we get along from now on!"

Rorisa showed me a happy smile while seeing me out of the shop.

While I was heading out into the night, my phone buzzed in my pocket.

I hurriedly took it out, hoping it was from Aqua.

You developed a bond with the Rookie Succubus, Rorisa!

Rorisa (Rookie Succubus), Bond Rank: 1

At Rank 1, Rorisa will see you as a kind customer who forgave her even when she screwed things up. She thinks that it's cute how you're dishonest about your growing feelings towards your housemate. Continually using the dream service will deepen your bond with her.

…This girl had some serious misunderstandings about me!

What was that about growing feelings?!

Part 5

"Huh? You actually want to go to school, Kazuma?"

My father was surprised when I stopped him from calling the school to give me a day-off on Saturday.

After that dream I had of Aqua, I couldn't possibly spend the rest of the day alone with her.

She was oddly perceptive at times. She'd definitely notice, somehow.

At the same time, I didn't want to just walk around idly in the city.

I thought about going to that Wiz Magic Item Store that I've been meaning to go to, but I wanted to save my money for the date with Rin.

Even with everything happening around Aqua, I didn't want to miss my chance at getting closer with Rin.

Especially since I felt firsthand how good it actually was to be with a girl…

There was no way I'd miss any more chances.

"Kazuma… I'm so proud of you! You're really taking school seriously, huh?!

My father got the wrong idea, though.

On my way to school…

"Senpai? Ah, what a surprise! I normally don't see you here on Saturday!"

"Ah, well… I'm feeling better this week…"

"I heard you did well in the game yesterday, too! I'm impressed! Sorry, I wanted to watch, but I was on-duty at the library after school…"

"It's fine, it's fine. Most of the action happened only in the first several minutes, anyway."

The rest of the game, after the goal, we switched to a purely defensive formation. It was honestly quite boring, playing keep away.

"I'm excited for the movie tomorrow! You got the receipt for the e-ticket I bought, right?"

"Ah, yeah. Thanks…"

I was planning to impress her by buying tickets for her, but she already bought and reserved a seat for the both of us.

"Sorry if I went ahead and bought them ahead of time. I'm just so excited for it!"

"It's fine. Ah, but you'll have to let me treat you to lunch afterwards."

"You got yourself a deal!"

Your 'Charisma' and 'Attractiveness' increased by +1!

Thankfully, I said the right thing.

I was getting better with the whole flirting thing as my stats increased.

I'd prefer it if they gave me dialogue options, though. Like in an eroge.

…Although I suppose that would take the fun out of having a normal conversation.

After splitting off from Rin, I went through the school day like normal.

During lunchtime, I overheard my classmates talking.

"Hey, the mystery sandwich event is on now. Let's go to the cafeteria!"

"Don't bother… I heard you need a lot of 'Luck' in order to get the rare sandwich…"

I witnessed an actual NPC conversation in real life.

I followed the obvious plot hook and headed over to the cafeteria.

The place was filled with students trying to get the rare sandwich.

Since I never went to school on Saturdays, I was missing out on this event.

I lined up and bought the mystery bread. It was carefully wrapped to not show any hint as to what was inside.

When I took off the wrapping…

Congratulations! You got a rare Katsu Sando'!

Deluxe Katsu Sandwich - Food (Rare)

This chicken cutlet sandwich is sought after by many students during the mystery sandwich event, but only a lucky few get it. Enjoy the privilege of this luxurious sandwich… Although no one really knows what makes it so luxurious. Eating this sandwich will double the EXP you gain in the next hour.

Sells for: 10,000 yen

…It sold for the same amount as the white panties.

The EXP bonus seemed nice, but…

I sold the sandwich for 10,000 yen.

Unlike the white panties, this so-called deluxe sandwich didn't have any value to me aside from its effect.

…

…

"Oh, Satou… You're actually here for Saturday practice."

Mitsurugi said, when he saw me showing up.

I noticed him taking a long look at me. He was probably using the [Ally Reading] skill to see if I had any conditions again…

"Oi, stop staring."

"Ah… My bad."

Speaking of that skill…

"By the way, how come I never unlocked that [Ally Reading] skill?"

"...Maybe because you lack empathy towards other people."

"Hah? Say that again, bastard!"

"See what I mean?!"

Maybe I was a bit mean to other people…

Which reminded me about Aqua.

I shook my head, trying not to think about that.

This time, Mitsurugi wanted me to work on my ball control.

Not only controlling the ball with my feet, but controlling the ball with my chest and my head.

"If you're going to have me play the False 9 position on occasion, that means that you'll have to play as the Center Forward, Satou. On occasion."

He kept saying 'on occasion', as if I wanted to take the striker spot away from him.

"I don't care about being the striker, or anything. Besides, that play only worked because that buzz cut rival of yours had a hard on for you."

"Why are you so crude, Satou…"

He didn't deny it, though.

Regardless, he had me focus on all types of ball control skills.

Your 'Dexterity' and 'Creativity' increased by +1!

Trying out all kinds of different ball control improved my 'Creativity' as well.

Part 6

After practice, I had a decision to make.

Should I just bite the bullet and come back home, and face the awkwardness of having to see Aqua?

I also had a lot of money, now. I could check out that Wiz Magic Item Store…

Taking out the Service Locator app, I followed the directions to the store.

Even though the store was in a busy part of town, looking through the windows, I saw that there weren't any customers inside.

I decided to give it the benefit of the doubt, since it was likely a store meant to serve app users like myself. That meant the general populous wouldn't just wander in.

When I entered the store, I saw that there was no one manning the counter. I went up to it and rang the bell.

"...A-Ah… A customer…"

"...!"

I saw a beautiful woman with wavy brown hair hanging down her shoulders. She wore purple robes that accentuated her very well endowed chest.

While I was admiring her looks, I noticed the deathly pale skin she had, and the way she was walking over, as if she was about to collapse.

In fact, her presence almost felt frail, as if she was about to fade away.

"S-Should I call the ambulance?!"

I said, running over to help her.

"N-No, it's fine… Please just hand me that bottle of water and sugar…"

I looked over to the counter and saw the bottle.

Needing sugar… Was she diabetic?

Knowing how serious that condition was, I rushed over and gave her the bottle. She hurriedly drank it down.

Color returned to her skin somewhat, although she still looked very pale.

"Thank you so much…! My presence was very weak… It's a good thing I got all my calories for the day after drinking that water and sugar!"

What kind of insane diet was she doing?

After drinking from the bottle, she took her place behind the counter. She smiled at me and said,

"Welcome to Wiz's Magic Item Store! I'm Wiz! How can I help you?"

She was acting as if that whole near death experience didn't happen.

Also, what kind of name was 'Wiz'? Was she a foreigner, like Darkness? She sure looked like one.

"Well… Just making sure, but you sell magic items to app users, right?"

"That's right! I sell some things I got from exploring the dungeon!"

Looking at her robes… She was probably a mage of some sort.

"Alright… Well, I'm on a bit of a budget. Can you show me your most affordable item?"

"Of course! This is a magic item I got from one of the low level floors."

She dug around behind the counter and took out a ring.

I held it and examined the ring.

"What does it do?"

"This is the 'Ring of Invisibility'! Wearing this ring will make the user invisible!"

"Ohh! That's really useful! How much is it?!"

"Since you helped me out earlier, I'll give you a discount!"

"I appreciate that!"

She took out a calculator and held it out to me.

It said 50,000,000 yen.

"...Um, I think you made a mistake there."

There seemed to be a few extra zeroes.

"No, this is the right amount…"

"You said you got this from a low level floor… Which one exactly?"

"I got it from Floor 50!"

Was that considered a low level floor?!

Beginners will die instantly if they go there!

"T-This is too expensive for me… You said it was your cheapest item, right?"

"Y-Yes… Um… Oh, would you like to try it on?! Maybe if you see how effective it is, you'll change your mind!"

"Oh, sure…"

"Ah, just keep in mind that if you put it on, you'll be permanently invisible, even if you take the ring off."

"Why did you tell me to put it on?!"

I placed the ring on the counter, after I almost placed it around my finger.

"S-Sorry! I didn't think that you'd hate being invisible…!"

"...Let me guess. Something about my face made you believe that I'd want to be invisible forever, so I can sneak into the women's baths all I want, huh?"

"W-Well…"

She weakly chuckled and avoided my gaze.

Should I just get surgery on my face?

"...If this is your cheapest item, I guess I can't afford anything. Later."

"Please, wait?!"

She grabbed my wrist before I could leave the store.

The way she was bending over the counter, with her chest hanging down as she reached over to grab me…

"I'm listening."

I said, while eyeing her chest.

"F-For some reason, my business isn't doing that well! Even though I have all these powerful magic items in the store… No one is willing to buy them!"

"It's not that they're not willing… They just can't."

Mitsurugi seemed pretty high level, but I doubted he could afford this ring.

If he had that kind of money laying around, he wouldn't bother going to school.

"...What do you want me to do? I'm only willing to spend, at most, 10,000 yen on a magic item. Your cheapest item is worth 5,000 times my budget."

"I-I can see how that's a problem…! Ah! Um… If you have a weapon you want me to enchant, I can do that!"

"Oh?"

I was about to force myself out of her grip, but she caught my attention.

"An enchantment… What are you thinking of?"

"Well, I can increase the sharpness of a sword, for example. That way, it will do more damage!"

"Sounds interesting… How much are you charging?"

"I can do this service for the low price of 50,000 yen!"

"Good luck with your future endeavors."

I turned around to leave.

"P-Please wait! A-Ah! Um… Customer-san…"

"I'm Kazuma."

"Then… Kazuma-san! You said your budget is 10,000 yen, right? I'll do it! I'll enchant your weapon for 10,000 yen!"

"That will do."

After successfully bargaining, I took out the katana from my inventory.

"Um… 'Chunchunmaru'...?"

Wiz was confused when she saw the name of the weapon.

When I didn't elaborate, she went to work on the weapon. She gathered a bunch of crystals and other materials and placed it around the weapon.

"...[Enchant Weapon]!"

She held her hands over the sword laid on the countertop. A blue light descended on the sword, making the materials disappear along with it as the light faded away.

"It's done! You now have an enchanted weapon, Kazuma-san!"

"Oh! Thanks, Wiz!"

I grabbed the sword and scanned it with the app.

"Huh?"

I looked at the description closely.

This weapon is enchanted. It can emit a dim light in a 5 foot radius.

"Wiz… What kind of useless enchantment is this?!"

I said, staring at the enchantment she gave me.

"B-But… It's useful in the dungeon because there's lots of dark places, especially when you go to floor 50 and beyond!"

"I'm currently still exploring floor 2! Not only that, I already have the [Night Vision] skill! This is useless to me! All it'll do is prevent me from sneaking up on monsters because it's glowing!"

It wasn't even a strong light, it was a dim light, too. It's beyond useless.

"W-Wah! I'm sorry, I didn't know!"

"What happened to sharpening the blade?! You said that you can make my weapon do extra damage!"

"W-Well… You only paid 10,000 yen, so…"

I understood why this store was empty.

I had her take away the enchantment and give me back my money.

"Um… Disenchanting it will actually cost about 2,000 yen."

"For not telling me that you're using a different enchantment than advertised, I hope you'll disenchant it free of charge."

"Y-Yes… I suppose I can do that…"

Seeing her with teary eyes made me pity her.

"...But I guess I can give you a tip."

"...! Really?! Thank you so much!"

I ended up giving her a 1,000 yen tip.

Even if she was a bad shopkeeper, she was still an incredibly beautiful woman. Her looks swayed my opinion of her.

After I left the store, I checked my phone and saw a new notification.

You have formed a bond with the Lich Shopkeeper, Wiz!

Wiz (Lich Shopkeeper), Bond Rank: 1

At Rank 1, Wiz sees you as a cheap customer who doesn't buy any of her items. While she is grateful for the tip, and you helping her feed herself, she wishes that you will actually buy the items from her shop. Shopping in the store will deepen your bond with her.

…Wait, did that say 'Lich'?

No wonder why she considered floor 50 a low level floor.

Part 7

Since I wanted to delay going home as much as possible, I headed over to the dungeon.

On the first floor, there were signs all around, written by Chris telling people not to hunt the monsters yet, as they were in the middle of repopulating.

With such cute handwriting, I doubted that there was anyone who'd ignore the signs.

Just as I was thinking that…

I saw a certain girl in overalls, carrying a bucket.

"...Did you not learn your lesson?!"

I went up to her and took the bucket away from her.

Only to see it filled with live creatures.

Megumin turned around and screamed.

"A-A pervert is…!"

"Oi… I'm not gonna do anything to you…"

"Ah, sorry… I thought it was some pervert who wanted to assault me… Oh, no, it's Kazuma!"

She started running away.

I caught up to her and stopped her from running.

Maybe I really did need to get face surgery.

"Megumin… What are you doing here? Don't tell me you're still hunting critters after what happened last time…"

"I learned my lesson. As you can see, these ones are live. I captured them outside and I'm bringing them here to feed the monsters."

As she said that, she took the bucket back and dumped the critters she gathered onto the dungeon floor.

After seeing that she wasn't up to no good, I let her go.

"What are you doing here, Kazuma?"

"I'm just here to get some EXP on the second floor."

"I see. Let me come with you."

"No way."

"Can't you see that I learned my lesson?! Besides, if you really think I'm up to no good, it's in your best interest if you can keep an eye on me."

"I guess that makes sense."

She convinced me to let her tag along as I went up to the second floor.

When we passed by what was formerly the Giant Toad area, Megumin went silent. She hadn't gotten over the bad memories from last time.

The area was already fixed, although the grass hadn't begun to grow yet. The walls were repaired by the dungeon and we could walk through the area without having to worry about tripping over rubble.

After we made it through the area, Megumin let out a breath and stood a bit taller.

Once we reached the door to the second floor, I led the way while Megumin took out her staff from her inventory.

"Are you actually planning on hitting monsters with that?"

I asked while looking at the staff.

"I'm relying on you to give me the last hit."

"You do realize that I came here to raise my own levels, right?"

"I'm relying on you to give me the last hit."

She just repeated herself.

As we were moving, I sensed a monster ahead.

Looking around the corner, I saw a vaguely humanoid creature with rotting flesh. It was almost like a zombie, except there was some kind of sickly, green aura emanating from its body.

It used its freakishly long limbs and claws to tear apart the carcass of an unidentifiable creature, bringing the torn flesh into its mouth to feed on it.

[Enemy Reading] told me that it was a 'Ghoul'.

Using [Lurk], I hid my presence before taking out my shortbow.

Then I used [Snipe], aiming for its head.

The arrow pierced its head, making runny, green blood pour out from the side of its temple.

I expected it to fall over, but it turned its head to look at me, sensing my presence after I revealed myself with the attack.

"...Urgggh."

It let out a low groan before dashing towards me with its long limbs.

"It's not dead yet?! It was a clear headshot!"

I said, while running with Megumin following me.

"...I guess it's an undead of some sort. It won't die unless you drop its hit points to 0."

"What a pain in the ass!"

Since I didn't have any problems last time I was on the second floor, I thought that I could handle the monsters there.

But last time, I had Chris and Darkness with me.

Even though Darkness couldn't hit anything to save her life, she could also tank everything and even relished the pain.

…Come to think of it, she even survived the lethal dose of poison those slimes gave her.

"Kazuma… You were so reliable last time. Why are we just running away?"

"Stop talking, keep running!"

Once we passed a sharp corner in the maze, I turned around and faced my palm to the ground.

"[Create Water]! [Freeze]!"

After creating a puddle of water, I immediately froze it.

"Urrggghk!"

The ghoul couldn't stop in time and slipped on the ice.

Inertia made it slide all the way against the wall, slamming against it and halting its movements.

I took out Chunchunmaru and dealt the final strike, beheading the Ghoul.

As we watched its ugly head fall off its body, Megumin said,

"You were supposed to give me the final blow."

"...Those who didn't contribute should shut up."

I gained 15 EXP from that encounter.

After reluctantly harvesting the Ghoul for parts, I found that its claws were a useful material.

Ghoul Claws (Common)

Claws that can be made into arrows, spears, daggers or traps. Has a Paralyzing effect that will go against the target's 'Willpower' stat (30% effective).

Sells for: 1,000 yen

…It would have been incredibly dangerous if I got hit by those claws.

"I see that Chunchunmaru is serving you well."

Megumin said, nodding in approval.

"...I still haven't forgiven you for that."

"I believe the name suits its owner."

"You haven't even seen it yet!"

The dream Aqua gave it a good rating!

"That said, Kazuma, next time you should let me have the killing blow."

"If you have the chance, go for it, but I'm not risking my life just to let you leech EXP from me."

When I said 'risking my life', Megumin's demeanor changed. She looked down at her shoes.

"Sorry about that, Kazuma."

I sighed and said,

"...I'll let you have the next one."

"Thank you..."

There was an awkward silence as we proceeded to explore the second floor.

Like with the first floor, I took out my notebook and drew a detailed map of the second floor.

There were much more branches and forks on the second floor than the first floor. It was easy to get lost.

While we were walking along, [Trap Detection] gave me a warning. I held my hand out to stop Megumin and looked down.

There was a trip wire ahead of us.

[Enemy Detection] activated at the same time and told me that there were ten threats hiding just ahead.

However, when I looked at the area ahead, I didn't see any monsters there.

When I told Megumin, she said,

"Maybe they're invisible?"

"Maybe."

Since it was a possibility, I used [Create Earth] to make a handful of dirt in my hand.

Then I used [Wind Breath] to spray the dirt all over the area.

If there were invisible enemies, then the dirt would cling to them and show their outlines.

While that didn't happen, I noticed something else.

The gust of wind caused the dirt on the walls to fall away.

I noticed right away that there were panels in the walls, originally camouflaged by the dirt.

The panels had hinges on one side, like a trapdoor.

Furthermore, I noticed claw marks around the panels, likely a result of the monsters constructing this trap, scratching the walls.

"I see… It's like that…"

I examined the wire trap and saw that it led to one of the trapdoors. I assumed that it was meant to alert the monsters hiding within if there were intruders around.

I took out the claws that I got from the ghouls, then started to crush them with the hilt of Chunchunmaru.

"...What are you doing?"

Megumin said, while watching me crushing the claws into small pieces.

"I have a [Smithing] skill that lets me craft items… Now let me focus or this might not turn out well."

She kept quiet while I tried to craft the trap item I had in mind.

Thankfully, since my 'Creativity' was decently high, a blue light washed over the materials and they formed into the item I had in mind.

"I see what you're planning now, Kazuma. You really are a cunning guy…"

The app made sure I was reminded of that everyday.

Very carefully, I took the newly made caltrops that were crafted from the ghoul claws. Thankfully, I was wearing gloves that protected my hands from them.

With Megumin's help, we tossed them around the area ahead.

Once the trap was set, Megumin and I took position, then I set off the wire trap.

Just like I expected, I heard a loud ringing of a bell.

The trap doors opened and the half-dog, half-human creatures known as kobolds came out jumping from the trap doors.

"Wan! Wan, wannnn?!"

They started barking and hollering as they landed on the paralyzing ghoul caltrops we laid out.

None of them had a high enough willpower to resist the paralyzing effect.

I used [Wind Breath] again to clear away the caltrops on the ground, allowing Megumin and I to safely finish the kobolds off.

There were ten kobolds in total. If I hadn't sensed the trap, it would have likely been a lethal encounter.

…Wasn't the jump in difficulty from floor 1 to floor 2 a bit too drastic?

I killed 6 kobolds while Megumin killed 4.

It was just enough EXP for me to level up.

You have reached Level 5!

You have gained 1 Skill Point!

Since I still had that quest about maxing out the [Enemy Detection] skill, I went ahead and spent my skill point on it.

[Enemy Detection] has reached its maximum rank!

[Enemy Detection] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

You can focus your senses to detect enemies within a 30 foot radius around you. Your 'Intuition' score (64) will go up against the enemy creature's 'Cunning' score when determining if the enemy creature is detected by you. If there is more than one enemy detected by this skill, you can determine the exact number. You can determine the threat level of enemy creatures. You can sometimes sense any form of danger, as if you have a sixth-sense, even if it's from an unexpected source.

Quest Completed! You have maxed out [Enemy Detection]! Quest Rewards: Skill-Up Potion

Skill-Up Potion (Super Rare)

Drinking this potion will give you 1 skill point.

Sells For: 50,000 yen

…A ridiculous item just appeared!

"Hm? What have you been staring at, Kazuma?"

I hurriedly hid the potion in my pocket.

"Nothing… Haha…"

I didn't want to risk letting Megumin see this potion.

She might steal it from me to upgrade her explosion magic power.

After that, we gathered the weapons the kobolds were using, which were just crude, bone daggers.

We managed to make a decent profit from them, though. I made 3,000 yen with my share of the loot.

New Quests available!

Kill the second floor boss! Quest Rewards: Random Loot Box

Give Chris her panties back! Quest Rewards: +2 Speed, +2 Bravery

Reconcile with Aqua! Quest Rewards: +2 Faith, +2 Willpower

A series of impossible quests came out.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, snoiper1 and 525 others
BoringBone
Sep 10, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 10: Under New Management For These Kobolds!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 11, 2024
Add bookmark
#215
Chapter 10: Under New Management For These Kobolds!

Part 1

After defeating those kobolds, Megumin and I looked into the trap doors they were hiding in.

Looking inside, we saw that they had carved holes into the walls to make a shelters in them.

There were many young kobolds inside, huddling together in fear of us.

"...I wonder if they'll give a lot of EXP."

Megumin held my shoulder and pulled me back.

"Oi, Kazuma, those monsters are children."

Were her maternal instincts activating?

"...You eat chicken eggs, don't you? It's the same difference."

"But those things kind of look like humans! You can't just kill them!"

Except for their dog-like faces, kobolds were bipedal and had the bodies of humans.

Looking at them closely, they did seem like human children.

"Fine… But what are we gonna do about them?"

"I don't know… Just don't kill them!"

I didn't know about just leaving them there, so I began to step inside one of the holes.

"I told you not to kill them, Kazuma!"

Megumin yelled, when I entered the hole.

"I'm not killing them. I'm just investigating. This is the first time I've seen the living area of a monster."

"...Fine. But I'm watching you!"

What a surprisingly protective girl.

I went inside one of the holes and looked around the living area.

It was surprisingly clean and it wasn't as smelly as I thought it would be. Since the dungeon absorbed biomass and waste, the food scraps and feces of monsters were disposed of naturally by the dungeon.

They even had some crude beds and furniture within the hole. Although the hole was a bit cramped, they fit in some beddings made out of the pelt of some other monsters. They also had clay pots lined up against the wall.

When I opened a clay pot, I saw preserved meat inside. One of the kobold children bravely stood up and started barking at me when I opened the pot.

"Wan! Wan! Wan!"

It was warning me not to touch their precious food supply.

When I saw the other kobolds huddling together, I saw that they were trying to hide something behind themselves.

"Oi, move over and show me what you're hiding."

Thinking that it was treasure, I gestured for them to move aside.

They didn't seem to understand what I was saying, but the universal movement of my hand was clear enough to understand.

"Wan! Wan!"

The brave kobold ran up to me and bit my arm.

"Owww?!"

Although it didn't leave that bad of a wound, it still hurt. It was like a small dog biting me.

I managed to get the brave kobold child off me by picking him up by the scruff of his neck. Since he was very small, I was able to pick him up.

He kept kicking and barking at me.

"Kazuma! What are you doing?! Why are you antagonizing them?!"

Megumin yelled, coming into the hole as well.

"They're hiding something. I just want to see what they're hiding. It could be treasure."

"Treasure, you say? Oi, little ones. Move aside if you don't want me to hunt down you and every last one of your kin."

She sure changed her tone quickly.

The children were intimidated by the dangerous look Megumin had on her face. They moved aside and showed us what they were hiding.

It was another hole, one that led into a tunnel.

The hole wasn't big enough for us to crawl through, but I could guess what it was for without having to look inside.

They were likely hiding a passage that led to more kobolds. Perhaps the tunnel even led to the area where their tribe lived.

If they had a tunnel, these children could have used it to escape before we got to them. Instead, they tried to hide it to protect their tribe.

"I was wondering why we haven't seen where the monsters live. I guess they hide their tribes in these tunnels…"

"...Seems like a good target for me to cast explosion on."

"Have you really not learned your lesson?"

I said, while watching Megumin get another dangerous look in her eyes.

"Hmm… From what Kazuma told me, the dungeon regularly repairs itself. How come the kobolds are able to maintain these tunnels?"

"Maybe monsters can freely alter the structure of the dungeon, while us humans can't. It would make sense since we are outsiders and this dungeon is their home."

The AI who controlled the dungeon could make a distinction between the two. Again, I felt a bit nervous knowing that this dungeon was essentially alive and aware of everything that was happening to it.

What if it was pissed off that we collapsed the entirety of the grassland biome?

Shaking my head from those worries, I said,

"It's too bad that we can't communicate with them. If we could, I'd order them to dig a bigger tunnel, so we can enter."

"I do know someone who can talk to monsters."

"...Such a person exists?"

"Yes… I believe I mentioned her before, the stalker who follows me around named Yunyun."

"And how can this Yunyun talk to monsters?"

"Let's just say that she's an incredibly lonely girl who will even try to talk to plants. She does the same to monsters and even learned the [Monster Talk] skill after several hours of attempted conversation with monsters."

"...How does she even manage to talk to monsters without getting attacked?!"

"She will use her magic to disable the monster, then force the monster to engage in conversation with her. She will talk to the monster about her day and her school life."

This Yunyun girl was giving me weird vibes.

"Alright, well… I guess we should ask her to help us here."

"I can call her right now. If I call her phone, she will immediately come over since she is starved for social interaction."

Now I just felt bad for this girl.

Megumin took out her phone and called this Yunyun.

"Yunyun… It's me, Megumin. Can you come over to the second floor of the dungeon? You will? Alright, I'll be waiting."

"Well, I guess we should kill some time until she gets here."

"There's no need to wait. She'll be here in a few minutes."

"Huh?"

I gave Megumin a disbelieving look.

However, in exactly two minutes…

"M-Megumin! I can't believe you're asking me to hang out!"

A girl Megumin's age showed up.

Unlike Megumin, however, she was much more developed, especially around the chest area.

Aside from that, her black hair was tied into pigtails and she had what I would call an innocent baby face. She was wearing a nightgown, which led me to believe that she was in the middle of preparing for bed when she rushed over after Megumin called.

"How did she get here so fast?!"

Megumin shook her head and said,

"I told you she's desperate…"

"N-No! I know the [Teleport] spell! That's how I got here so fast! I teleported in front of the dungeon and ran through the first floor!"

This teleport spell sounded really useful.

But the most important part was…

Even if she teleported here, she didn't even bother changing into a more appropriate outfit to go dungeon crawling. Not to mention the fact that she ran all the way through the first floor.

Was she really that desperate to hang out with Megumin?

…There must be some kind of yuri element at play here.

"Kazuma, based on the looks you're giving us, I can see that you're having some kind of misunderstanding."

Megumin immediately caught on to what I was thinking.

Yunyun noticed me and immediately started blushing.

"A-Ah…! Megumin, you should have warned me that you're with a boy!"

Even though it wasn't a scandalous style of nightgown, she was still embarrassed about it.

How cute.

"It's fine… Yunyun, was it? I'm a complete gentleman. You don't need to worry about me. My name is Kazuma, by the way."

I gave her my best charming smile.

"Uwaa… N-Nice to meet you, Kazuma-san!"

"The pleasure is mine, Yunyun."

Your 'Charisma' increased by +1!

She's the type who is easily charmed.

For her sake, she should stay away from bad boys.

"Um… Yunyun isn't actually my name. That's just the embarrassing nickname Megumin gave me. My real name is…"

"Oi! Don't you dare use your old name! Didn't we promise that we were reborn as soon as we gained powers and entered this dungeon?! And why are your eyes like that?! Why are you not bearing the red eyes of our fearsome Crimson Demon clan?!"

"You mean the red contact lenses? Oh, I forgot to put them on…"

"What do you mean 'put them on'?! And don't call them contact lenses! They are genetic mutations that only manifest within our clan!"

"I'm sorry, Megumin, it's just hard for me to keep up this roleplay all day! You even make us do this stuff in school and it's really embarrassing!"

"H-How dare you call it embarrassing!"

I coughed into my hand, choosing to give Yunyun a break since Megumin was harassing her. I said,

"Megumin, don't forget the reason why you called her here."

"Oh, right. Yunyun, we need you to talk to these kobolds here. Use that [Monster Talk] skill that you already maxed out."

"...?! D-Did you tell Kazuma-san about that?!"

"Yes. I already told him that you're a loner who talks to plants and monsters as if they're your friends. Now, get to talking with those kobolds before I tell him even more of your embarrassing secrets, like the birthmark on your…"

"W-Wahhh! Anything but that! Fine, fine! I'll talk to them!"

Megumin told Yunyun what to say, who nodded once she understood what we wanted her to translate.

We gave some space to Yunyun, who entered the kobold hole.

Once she was with the kobolds, she said,

"Um… W-Wan… wan… wan… wan…"

The kobold children looked at each other and replied,

"Wan, wan…"

Yunyun turned to us and said,

"Erm… These kobold children said that they'll do what you ask if you two promise to spare their lives… W-What did you do to them?!"

Yunyun gave us a horrified expression.

Megumin shook her head and said,

"Sigh… Just because they're children, it doesn't mean that we should treat them any differently. After all, are you worried about the chicken eggs you eat for breakfast?"

She stole my line.

Not only that, she completely changed her morality once the prospect of treasure became a subject.

After that, we asked Yunyun to get the kobold children to tell us what was in those tunnels.

Just like I predicted, there was indeed a kobold tribe, which these hidden tunnels led to.

The kobolds came there whenever they wanted to trade and socialize with their kin.

They looked ashamed that they had given up this information. They were taught by their parents that they were supposed to hide the secret from humans. That was why they were initially hiding the tunnel rather than crawling into it to save their own lives.

"Alright, Yunyun. Tell these younglings to go ahead and create a bigger tunnel."

"S-Sure! Wan, wan… wan…"

"Wan, wan!"

The brave kobold child got uppity again, but Megumin shot him a scary look.

"...Oi, little puppy, if you want your siblings to stay safe, get to it!"

Where did that maternal instinct from earlier go?

Part 2

Once we retrieved the other children who were hiding in the other holes, we got them to start working on making the tunnels bigger.

We agreed on taking shifts to make sure that they would work properly and not escape.

Since I had a date tomorrow, I didn't want to miss out on sleep.

"Alright, then Megumin will take the shift for the rest of the night, Yunyun will take the morning shift for tomorrow, then I'll take over for the rest of the day…"

"Hold it."

Megumin grabbed my shoulder before I could turn around and leave.

"What is it, Megumin-san?"

"...How come you get the easiest shift? I'm going to have to stay up all night, Yunyun will have to come here early in the morning, while you'll laze in bed until noon to start your shift?"

I shook my head and said,

"Megumin-san, with the way this shift schedule works, I will end up having to do an all-nighter, right before Monday. I am intentionally sacrificing my sleep right before a school day as a favor to you girls…!"

"T-That makes sense… Sorry for doubting you, Kazuma."

Your 'Cunning' increased by +1!

I hid my phone before they could see that message.

Before I left, I turned to Yunyun and said,

"Is it alright if I ask for your number?"

"...?! Kazuma-san wants my number?! Wan, wan!"

She was so happy that she switched to speaking kobold partway through.

After we exchanged numbers, I said,

"You can contact me anytime…"

"Wah… Please do!"

Megumin, who was watching the exchange, said,

"...You'll regret saying that, Kazuma."

Was it really that bad?

You have established a bond with the Lonely Stalker, Yunyun!

Yunyun (Lonely Stalker), Bond Rank: 1

At Rank 1, Yunyun already sees you as her first male best friend. The system is honestly confused as to how her affection levels are already near max even though the bond is only Rank 1. Is this a glitch? Watch out for this girl!

It really was that bad.

I asked Yunyun if she could teleport me home, but she said that she was limited to only three designated targets. She chose the dungeon entrance, her home and her school.

"Ah! But if Kazuma-san shows me his home, I can change one of my targets to that instead!"

"I'll just walk."

With that said, I left the dungeon and made my way back home.

Thankfully, it was late enough that Aqua was already in bed by the time I got back.

I went upstairs before I could have any awkward run-ins with her.

Here's a tip: Raise your 'Bravery' stat! Although it doesn't have a lot of direct influence on your available skills, you will remain as a spineless coward if this stat is low!

This app was always trying to piss me off.

I ignored the insulting message and set an alarm for my date with Rin. After changing into my sleepwear, I went to bed and went to sleep.

…

…

I woke up early the next morning, since I knew Aqua wouldn't wake up until noon.

There was still time until I was set to meet with Rin at 10 AM, but I didn't want to risk having to see Aqua by staying in the house.

After taking a bath and having a light breakfast, I looked into my closet and remembered one vital fact.

…I didn't get a new outfit for the date.

While I wasn't really the type to care about fashion, even I knew that my standard UNIQLO clothing wouldn't cut it for a date.

I could go to a clothing store before the date, but I knew that even streetwear clothes could get very expensive. I'd have to spend all my money just to get a good outfit, and that wouldn't even include new shoes.

Since I also wanted to impress Rin by taking her to a good restaurant after the movie, I didn't want to risk spending all my money.

I settled for a green hoodie and gray cargo pants. It wasn't the best outfit, but it didn't look bad, at least.

After getting dressed, I went out to the train station and headed to the city.

Since I had about an hour before it was time to meet up, I looked for things to do around the city.

While I was looking at stores, it just occurred to me that it was a good idea to buy a small gift for Rin.

Nothing that screamed 'I'm desperate to impress', just a small gift to show that I was taking the date seriously.

I didn't want to end up in the friend-zone, after all.

I went to a bookstore, thinking I'd buy her a book, but when I got there I realized that it wasn't good if I bought a book she already read before.

There was the option of buying a gift card as well, but that seemed too impersonal.

Finally, I saw something that seemed good for her.

After paying 1,150 yen for the gift, I walked around some more before heading to the movie theater.

I was thirty minutes early when I arrived, so I killed some time on the arcade machines.

"Yo, senpai!"

I lost track of time and was a bit startled when Rin came up behind me.

"Sorry, was I late?"

I couldn't exactly say 'I just got here'.

"No, no, I just arrived a bit early since I didn't have anything to do."

"Hehe… Well, there's still some time before the movie starts, why don't we grab some snacks?"

While we headed over to the concession area, I looked at her outfit.

It was a good thing that I didn't go out to buy some luxury brand clothing, since Rin was also wearing a simple outfit.

In fact, we were wearing similar hoodies, with hers being a lighter green than mine.

When I thought about it, I also accidentally matched with Chris during that fake date.

…Could it be that this was also the work of my high luck stat?

Aside from that, Rin was wearing a pair of surprisingly revealing hot pants that exposed her slim legs.

I took Rin for a bookworm type of character, but she had a bold fashion choice.

"Senpai… Just a word of advice, but girls can tell when they're stared at…"

"...?! I-I wasn't staring!"

The date had barely started yet and I was already making all the wrong moves.

Part 3

After getting our popcorn and drinks, which I made sure to pay for, it was time to watch the movie.

Since Rin already reserved the seats, we had the best seats in the middle row. We took our seats and watched the trailers at the start of the movie.

The whole time, Rin was buzzing with anticipation.

"I tried not to spoil myself by avoiding the internet! I didn't go on any social media this week!"

Her excitement was really cute.

Although I was also curious about the movie adaptation, since I did enjoy reading the book, I was more excited about the fact that I was going on a real movie date with a girl.

To think that I'd come this far.

Even though I had a lot of grievances with the app, the fact that it helped me reach an accomplishment like this made me appreciate it more.

Your 'Faith' has increased by +1!

I was surprised that my faith went up, but before I could think about it too deeply, I had to put my phone away before the movie started.

Right away, it was obvious that the girl who played the titular magic tanuki girl was not the best of actresses.

She was very beautiful appearance wise, as she was a model who was rising in popularity, but she clearly didn't have any acting talent to speak of.

I glanced at Rin, who had a thin smile as she was watching the movie.

As for the plot itself…

Although the original novel had a good ending, the tone and scenes in the novel were unexpectedly dark.

After all, it was a story with themes of discrimination. The villagers treated the magic tanuki girl as a pariah before they accepted her in the end.

In the movie, they cut out much of the dark parts of the novel, only briefly addressing it.

Since the movie was rated 'PG 12', a lot of the mature subject matter was glossed over.

They also added some singing and dancing sequences that took up a majority of some important characters' screen times.

By the end of the movie, it was clear that the movie version took some major creative liberties with the intellectual property, changing it to appeal more to children than those who were fans of the original material.

They even put in some badly rendered CGI mascot pets, as an obvious marketing ploy to appeal to children.

The kids in the theater seemed to like it whenever those mascot pets came out, though.

Near the end of the movie, I heard some guys talking behind us.

"Wow… This movie is really lame."

"I know, right? I only watched it because I'm a fan of the female lead. She looked cute in the costume. At least I have good jerk off material tonight."

"Wait, what? This was based on a novel? Was it a picture book or something?"

"Yeah. This is too childish to have been adapted from a serious novel."

When the credits started rolling, Rin wasn't smiling anymore.

…

…

We went to a family restaurant after the movie ended.

I wanted to take her out to a fancier restaurant, but it didn't seem like the right mood for it. Instead we went to a Royal Host.

On the menu of almost every Royal Host restaurant, you'd always get a little blurb in the first page that Marilyn Monroe once dined at one of the locations. Under that blurb, you'd find the pasta and rice dishes, starting with pilafs and spaghetti.

Rin ordered a seafood cream omurice set with sirloin steak, while I got a normal tomato sauce omurice set with beef stew. I also got a melon soda and Rin got a sprite.

"Are you feeling alright?"

I said, watching Rin slowly eating her food.

"...Yeah, I'm fine. I guess I was just expecting something different from what we saw."

That was putting it mildly. I was already mentally writing up the hate post I was going to publish online when I got home.

Those greedy corporate bastards ruined my date!

"I'm kind of conflicted. I mean, look."

She pointed to the seat beside us. There was a family with young children who came from the theater like us. The kids were playing with some magic tanuki girl merchandise they bought from the gift shop, namely the mascot characters from the movie.

The kids were smiling and happily talking about the movie.

"The magic tanuki girl is so cute and kind!"

"I'm glad that she became friends with everyone in the end!"

The parents were happy as well, seeing the innocence of the children.

Rin glanced back at me and gave me a weak smile.

"Even if I'm not happy about the movie, those kids loved it. This will probably become a treasured memory for them."

"I feel like it's not fair to those who enjoyed the original material, though. Especially since they changed the movie just to appeal to the normies. Bunch of sellouts…"

"...Eh? Senpai… I've never really heard you talking like that before…"

"...!"

I let my guard down and accidentally let out my otaku side for Rin to see.

"I… um… erm…"

Rin giggled when she saw me stumbling for words to say.

"Thanks for watching it with me. I think I'm coming to peace with it now. Even if it isn't the kind of adaptation I wanted, at least the core of the original work is still there."

"The core…?"

"Yup! Even in the movie, the magic tanuki girl likes helping people, she made them smile, and most importantly, she was still really cute! I'm just happy to see that those things will never really disappear. That's what I meant by the 'core'... It's kind of like the heart of the character, I guess?"

Rin said and gave a final look at the smiling children.

"This set meal is really good, senpai! Ah, let me try some of yours, too!"

She returned to the normal Rin in no time.

…

…

"Thanks for walking with me, senpai. My house is just over there."

She pointed to an apartment building, which we stopped in front of.

"No problem. Ah, I got you something."

I took out the gift I got from the bookstore and gave it to her.

"Wow! This is…!"

It was a journal with an anime-style, chibi version of the magic tanuki girl on the cover. I also got her a magic tanuki girl pen.

They were merchandise meant to promote the upcoming movie.

"It's a journal, but I think you can also use it to keep track of your thoughts on books and stuff. You read a lot and you have all kinds of different thoughts about the books you read. I don't know if you already have a journal, but…"

I stopped talking, realizing I was rambling.

"I never really thought about keeping a journal. This is a really thoughtful gift, senpai… Thank you."

She hugged the journal to her chest and smiled at me.

"Well, I'll see you in school tomorrow."

"Thanks for today, senpai! I had a lot of fun!"

Even though the date wasn't really romantic in a sense…

I was still happy that Rin had fun.

As I was walking away, my phone buzzed in my pocket.

Your bond with Himamori Rin has deepened!

Hinamori Rin (Librarian on Duty), Bond Rank: 5

At Rank 5, Hinamori Rin has developed a crush on you! The way you cheered her up has tugged her heart strings! At this stage in your relationship, she won't mind even if you constantly text and call her. She'll also go on dates with you if you ask, and there might be a chance she'll even invite you inside her apartment if the date goes well. If you flirt with her, she will readily flirt back. Have fun trying to become more than friends with her!

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Lore Reading]!

[Lore Reading] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp cost)

Use your 'Intelligence' stat (62) to determine if you can learn information about a creature, object or location that you can see.

Even though the skill I gained from that rank-up seemed useful, I was more focused on the description.

Rin had a crush on me…

If this app wasn't here to tell me all this information, I would have never known that Rin actually had a crush on me.

…She actually liked me now.

Should I turn back around and see if she'd let me in her apartment?

Warning! Doing that will make her see you as a forceful creep!

I avoided a close call thanks to this app.

Part 4

After the date, I headed to the dungeon.

I promised to take over the shift, after all.

"Ah, Kazuma-san…!"

Yunyun, who had the last shift, stood up to greet me.

This time, she was wearing proper clothes, which included a beret, a cream turtleneck underneath a black hoodie and a long pink skirt.

She was all covered up unlike the last time I saw her.

"Good work, Yunyun. Have these kobolds behaved?"

"Um… There's one in particular who was rebellious, but they all did their work properly…"

"Wan, wan…!"

She was referring to that one brave kobold child who bit me.

"Alright, well, you can go back home and get that well-deserved rest, Yunyun."

"I-It's fine! I can stay here and hang out with Kazuma-san!"

"...But didn't you already spend a lot of time keeping watch here?"

"It's fine! I don't mind at all!"

Maybe Megumin was right about her.

There was also that worrying bond description of Yunyun's.

"No, no, tomorrow is a school day and I wouldn't want Yunyun to stay up just because of me. I insist that you go home."

"Kazuma-san is really kind… Megumin would usually just brush me off and yell at me to go home!"

I needed to have a talk with Megumin about treating her friends better.

After convincing Yunyun to go home…

Your bond with Yunyun has deepened!

Yunyun (Lonely Stalker), Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, Yunyun already sees you as her first male best friend. She thinks that you're the kindest guy she's interacted with. That said you're the only boy close to her age she's talked to.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Monster Talk]!

[Monster Talk] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You can communicate with humanoid monsters such as kobolds and goblins. Ability to express complex ideas to such creatures is determined by your 'Intelligence' (62).

…Wasn't Yunyun too easy?

I was honestly concerned for that girl…

If she met a bad boy, she'd surely have her heart played with.

Aside from that, I learned the incredibly useful [Monster Talk] skill.

Using the skill, I went to the kobolds and said,

"Wan…! Wan, wan, wan, wan, wan…!"

The kobolds started crying and worked even faster once I unleashed a horrible sequence of kobold words at them.

While I was watching the kobold slaves get to work, I took out the Skill-Up potion that was still in my inventory.

With a selling price that high, I was almost tempted to sell it.

That was why I withheld from drinking the potion.

However, considering how I only got 1 skill point per level up, I didn't want to waste this chance.

I tried not to think about all the yen I was throwing away as I took the lid off the bottle and drank the potion.

After enjoying the fruity taste of the potion…

You received one skill point!

The next issue I had to address was where to spend this skill point.

There were lots of useful skills I could spend it on, but seeing how my [Elementary Magic] was already at Rank 2, I decided to upgrade it to Rank 3.

[Elementary Magic] is now Rank 3!

Spells under [Elementary Magic] will now cost 3 mana points to cast!

[Create Water] now does magic damage to undead creatures!

Since I used those spells a lot, the decrease in mana usage was helpful.

There also tended to be a lot of undead creatures in the dungeon, like skeletons and ghouls. The upgrade to [Create Water] was very useful.

Satisfied with the upgrades, I kept watch over the kobolds.

"Wan, wan, wannn…!"

Since I didn't want to actually stay the night, I made them haul ass and work without any breaks.

…

…

I spent several hours watching the kobolds, occasionally yelling at them whenever their productivity dropped.

With me constantly yelling at them, they were able to finish digging the tunnel around dinner time.

Once the kobolds finished their job, they exhaustedly led me through the tunnel.

Since the other side led to a cave, we were able to walk out after emerging from the tunnel.

After a five minute walk, I finally saw the kobold tribe hiding away in the cave.

"Wan, wan…!"

The cautious kobolds equipped themselves with stone-tipped spears and surrounded me, the intruder.

I chuckled and said in the kobold language,

"I wouldn't do that if I were you. I am the leader of the humans. If you don't obey me, I can have my comrades come down here and exterminate all of you…"

One by one, they all lowered their spears.

Your 'Cunning' has increased by +1! You sure are a manipulative bastard…

I ignored the app's insult.

A kobold with wrinkly skin stepped forward. He was likely the tribe chief.

"...What do you want from us, human?"

He didn't even try to hide the scorn from his voice.

"Don't be scared. I won't reveal your location to the other humans if you comply with my demands. I want you all to produce items for me to sell. Those spears look pretty good."

I pointed at the spears that they lowered.

Without a chance to refuse, the chief lowered his head and ordered the kobolds to give me the spears.

After taking the spears and selling them in my inventory…

I found myself 15,000 yen richer.

Granted, I'd have to split that total up with Megumin and Yunyun, but it was still a good profit…

After taking the spears from them, I said,

"Thank you for your generous gift~! I'll come back again next week, so please make sure to produce a lot of spears for me by then~!"

The brave kobold child from earlier spit at my feet and said,

"You won't get away with this, filthy human!"

Seeing a child like that get angry at me did make me feel bad.

But they were just monsters in the end, who were placed in this dungeon to make sure humans could survive the threat against the Demon King army.

It was us or them… And every advantage we could get against the Demon King army was a welcome one.

When we first met, Aqua told me that the Demon King army could open the portals only when there was a full moon in both of our worlds.

That didn't mean that they could invade our world every time there was a full moon, but there was still a possibility that they could come at any time once a full moon was out.

That meant that they could appear as soon as the following week. Not to mention if they improved the portals, they could start coming in anytime they wanted.

I wasn't a heartless person who didn't feel bad about blackmailing these kobolds, but I could use this money to buy equipment from the Blacksmith or even a magic item from Wiz.

Thinking about it that way, I didn't feel too bad about what I was doing to these kobolds.

The mental gymnastics you used to justify your cruel actions has increased your 'Creativity' by +1!

At least it wasn't my 'Cunning' that increased this time.

Part 5

After dealing with the kobolds, I asked Yunyun to teleport to the dungeon.

"Kazuma-san! Did you want to hang out?!"

"Ahaha… Not this time… I just wanted to give you your share. Ah, give this to Megumin, too."

I gave her their share of the profit.

"Eh? Where did this money come from?!"

She was surprised when I gave her 10,000 yen out of nowhere.

"We got it from the kobolds. Remember, we made them dig that tunnel? I went over to their tribe and blackmailed them for money."

"I-I thought that we were just trying to visit their tribe to make more kobold friends! That's horrible!"

"Well… We do need the money, so…"

"Getting money from the weak… It's not right!"

I thought that Yunyun was a pushover, but she surprisingly held her ground when it came to this.

"...I don't think I'll accept the money. I'll just give my share to Megumin since her family could use it."

"Are they really that poor?"

Since Yunyun knew about Megumin's living conditions better than I did, I asked her about it.

"Y-Yeah… They often go to the woods and hunt random creatures to cook for their dinner."

I didn't realize it was that bad!

The mood was a bit awkward once Yunyun realized what we were doing to the kobolds.

Even though she disapproved of the plan, she didn't insist on stopping it.

She teleported away with the money I gave her.

Yunyun's bond rank description made her seem like a doormat, but she surprisingly had a good set of morals.

"Now, what should I do with this money…"

Meanwhile, I was already thinking of what to do with all the money I had.

After leaving the dungeon, I decided to head over to the blacksmith, aka the pawn shop.

"Oh, it's you again."

The gruff shop owner said, looking up from the porn mag he was reading.

"Shouldn't you be nicer to customers? Haven't you heard about 'customers are king'?"

"Listen, I practically have a stranglehold on the blacksmith business in this area. Unless you know any other blacksmiths in town, then you have no choice but to shop here."

"I look forward to our future business relations…"

I had no choice but to play nice with this guy.

"So? What do you want?"

He said, finally putting the magazine down to regard me.

"Well, I've been going into the dungeon without any armor…"

"Huh? Are you stupid?"

He said, looking at me with disbelief.

Since I usually operated as a stealth archer who defeated monsters from afar, I didn't need to worry about wearing armor.

But after I got bit by that brave kobold child, I realized that I needed to invest in some armor.

"What's the best armor I can get for around 10,000 yen?"

"...With only that much, the best you can get is an iron breastplate."

"What do you mean 'with only that much'?! I'm giving you almost all of my funds!"

"Hah… This is why I hate dealing with low level brats like you! Will you buy it or not?!"

"Let me see it first…"

"You're a cautious one, aren't you? Fine."

He went out to the back and soon brought out the iron breastplate.

It was a simple piece of armor, one that looked like the kind of equipment you can get by defeating the weakest bandits in games.

"...Is this really the best you can offer me?"

"Take it or leave it."

I sighed and gave him the money, placing the newly purchased armor in my inventory.

Iron Breastplate - Medium Armor (Uncommon)

Reduces incoming physical damage by 5. Applies -5 penalty to stealth related stats when sneaking.

Sells for: 7,000 yen

"...Eh? It applies penalties to sneaking?"

I said, looking over the armor description. He replied,

"All armors give some kind of penalty. The heavier the armor, the higher the penalty. You can learn armor skills to reduce the penalty."

It was inconvenient, but I still felt that having the best available armor was better than just walking around in the dungeon with only my tracksuit on.

After storing away the armor, I said,

"Oh, yeah. I could also use an upgrade for my bow…"

I only had about 6,000 yen left, but if I needed money I could always ask for an advance in my allowance.

There was also a new week coming up, which meant that I could earn money from my part-time job.

"You want a shortbow, right? Of course you do. No way you can handle a longbow with that physique of yours."

"...I don't understand why you're so rude to customers."

"I'm just telling the truth. You need a decently high 'Strength' stat to use a longbow. What's your strength right now?"

"It's at 56…"

"Yeah, no way. Here, this is the best shortbow I can give you for that limited budget of yours."

"Can't you give me a discount since I already bought two items from you…?"

"No way. I'm charging you 3,000 yen upfront."

Your 'Charisma' wasn't high enough to persuade the shopkeeper!

"Heh. The app is probably telling you that your charisma sucks, huh?"

Why couldn't he just act like a clueless shopkeeper NPC like in games?!

I put my phone away, since he could tell exactly what the app was telling me.

As for the shortbow he offered me…

Hunting Shortbow (Uncommon)

Generic wooden bow used for hunting.

Ammo: 15/15 (Iron-tipped arrows)

Bow Accuracy: Dexterity modifier = 56% chance of hitting

Weapon Damage: 2 piercing damage + Dexterity modifier (+5) = 7

Sells for: 1,500 yen

It was a slight upgrade, but it was better than carrying around that crude shortbow that I got very early on.

Although I was more or less satisfied with the purchases, it still hurt having to spend that much money in one place.

Especially to such a rude shopkeeper like this guy.

Part 6

Although I was trying to stall for as long as possible, it was time to go home.

There was still the matter with Aqua to deal with…

I thought that I could sneak past the living room, but she was right there, watching TV while wearing her blue pajamas, with a bowl of chips on her lap.

She gave me a glance, then turned her head back to the TV.

"Hmph…!"

I sighed, knowing that I had to do something to fix this tense mood.

"Listen…"

"Hmmphh!"

She kept turning her head away from me when I tried talking to her.

"Look, I just want to…"

"Hmmmmpphhh…!"

"Oi, can you drop the tsundere act already?! It doesn't suit you at all!"

I couldn't take it anymore and got annoyed.

"See?! This is why I'm mad at Kazuma! You don't appreciate me at all! Yelling at me like that even though you should apologize!"

"I am trying to apologize but you keep ignoring me!"

"Oh, you are? Alright, then continue!"

She had a satisfied smile on her face as she put the bowl of chips on the table, crossing her arms as she waited for my apology.

"About that night… I thought that I was dreaming, that's why I said and did all those weird things. That's my fault, I guess…"

"Ah, I get it… The scenario of me offering to help you with your urges was such a dreamlike scenario that you couldn't believe it was real, huh?"

It was hard to explain this without exposing the succubus shop.

"N-Not really… I was just half-asleep at the time, so I guess I wasn't in the right state of mind…"

"...Maybe the devil that tried to infiltrate our home influenced Kazuma in some way… Although my barrier should have stopped it from doing anything…"

This girl's intuition was frighteningly sharp at times.

"A-Anyway… I shouldn't have yelled at you and acted harshly, since Aqua was just trying to help me out… Sorry about that."

I swallowed my pride and apologized to Aqua.

"Heh… To think that Kazuma would actually apologize… Fine! I'm a merciful goddess, so consider yourself forgiven!"

Even though I was dreading this moment, it was easily resolved in the end.

Quest Completed! You have successfully reconciled with Aqua! Quest Rewards: +2 Faith, +2 Willpower

"Well, with that out of the way, I guess we can go back to normal now."

Aqua said, taking back the bowl of chips and continuing to watch TV.

Going back to normal…

With a girl as empty headed as Aqua, she could probably forget that she was this close to helping me with my 'urges'.

After all, she was that kind of impulsive girl who didn't think twice about her actions.

Certainly, if we pretended like nothing happened, we could go back to the normal state of our relationship.

…I couldn't help but think about that dream I received from Rorisa, though.

Going back to normal… Or risking making things awkward again by bringing that up.

I, Satou Kazuma, refused to act like the weak willed MCs in anime and light novels.

The kind that gets girls thrown at him by the plot yet does nothing about it.

If there comes an opportunity for me to do lewd things with a girl, even if it's just Aqua…

I won't waste it…!

…Although if it was with another girl, I'd probably chicken out.

But since it was just Aqua…

Yes, since it was just Aqua.

"Say, Aqua… About what happened that night…"

"Huh? I thought we already moved past that…"

She gave me a confused look while she had a chip in her mouth.

"W-Well… This and that are different things!"

"...I don't get it."

Since I wasn't tackling the topic head on, Aqua was understandably confused.

"Getting you to forgive me is nice and all, but like I said, I wasn't thinking properly at the time… If Aqua were to offer me the same kind of service again, now that I'm thinking clearly…"

I tried to get her to catch on by just using vague statements.

If this didn't go well, I could always just play it off as a joke since I was intentionally vague.

"...Don't tell me that after all that, Kazuma still wants me to help you out with your urges?"

She gave me an unreadable expression.

"W-Well! Is it really so strange? Aqua's appearance could be considered attractive… If such an option is available to a guy in his teens like me, of course I'm interested…"

"That's good for you, but what's in it for me?"

Rather than blushing in embarrassment or rejecting the idea, as expected of Aqua, she had a calculative look as she thought about how this would benefit her.

"Ahaha… I suppose I can pay you again…"

"That's fine and all… But wouldn't that just make me a common whore? Giving those kinds of services for money… There needs to be a deeper reason than that! Does Kazuma like me or something?"

"Eh… Um…"

I couldn't help but let out an expressionless face.

"...I'm taking that as a 'no'. I have to admit, I was carried away by the mood last time, especially since Kazuma was unusually assertive and took charge. But now that I have time to think about it, is it really something I'd want to do with Kazuma just for money? I'm not too sure about that."

Why was she only thinking rationally about it at this moment?

Even though she was all set to go last time…!

"Let's put the money aside! Isn't Aqua at least a bit curious? I mean… I don't know your true age since you're an immortal goddess, but based on your appearance and behavior, I'd say that you're around my age or perhaps even younger…"

"...What about my behavior makes you think that I'm younger than you?"

Did I even have to answer that?

"In any case…"

"Oi, answer me."

"In any case! Aqua, you were stuck in that white room that you called a heavenly realm for quite a while… Aren't you even a bit curious about things that have to do with the opposite sex? After all, biologically, Aqua seems to function like a human, despite being a goddess…"

She could eat, sleep and even produce waste.

I was certain of that, especially since she sometimes clogged the toilet.

…No, thinking about stuff like that will just ruin my erotic mood!

I stared intently at Aqua's chest to get myself back on track.

"Hmm… Am I curious about that kind of stuff? I guess I am? Since I'm a goddess who could look down at the lives of humans, I often saw couples doing intimate things together… I suppose once or twice I felt something while watching that…"

…That sounded kind of kinky.

Seeing that her mood was changing to one of receptiveness, I sat down beside her and tried placing an arm around her shoulders while saying,

"That's right… Now, since Aqua is a goddess, how many chances will you get to actually satisfy your curiosity? Let's say that the Demon King is defeated, either by us or some other group… Aqua will have to leave the human world and go back to the heavenly realm… I doubt you can do anything about your curiosity in such a circumstance…"

"That's true, but what's stopping me from going after a much better looking guy than Kazuma? That guy in your soccer team named Mitsurugi is constantly texting me…"

Damn that Mitsurugi! Cockblocking me at such a moment!

"...T-That… It seems that Mitsurugi worships you as a goddess! He's always calling you Aqua-sama this and that… But if Aqua were to proposition him, I bet he'll be disillusioned and stop seeing you as a goddess… However, that's not a problem with me…"

"Hmm… I suppose that makes sense… Wait, doesn't that mean that Kazuma commits blasphemy on a daily basis and refuses to see me as a goddess?!"

She was quick to catch on again.

"T-That's because I see Aqua as a normal pretty girl as well…! Aside from all the goddess stuff!"

"Oh, do you now? Hmm…?"

Aqua suddenly gave me a catlike grin as she turned to face me, with my arm still around her shoulder.

I had to admit… Seeing that look on her face turned me on.

"Y-Yeah… After all, Aqua can be considered attractive!"

"Oi… If you want to convince me to do this, at least make it more convincing!"

I glanced away and said,

"...Aqua is beautiful, after all."

That was more embarrassing than I thought.

"Hmm… Kazuma's phone didn't vibrate. That means that nothing like your 'Cunning' stat increasing happened…"

Dealing with those who knew how the app worked was such a nuisance.

I couldn't help but blush a bit, as my true thoughts were exposed.

"Hmm… I think going straight to what I offered last time is a bad idea, though…"

"W-What makes you say that?!"

"...Don't get so angry. Like I said, last time we were both caught up in a very heated mood. Not only was Kazuma not in the right mind, I was also caught up in your lunacy…"

"T-Then…"

"Hold up. I'm not saying that I won't do anything with you… You're right, I am a bit curious. That doesn't mean I'm an easy girl, though."

Even though she accepted money last time.

"Tell you what… Why don't we start slow, hm? Oi… Why do you look so disappointed?"

"A-Ah? No, I'm not…"

"You do! Oi, don't you realize that you have a rare chance to do this and that with a goddess…?! You should be happy with whatever I let you do to me!"

She smirked, obviously having fun stringing me along.

"F-Fine… So… How much can I do at the start?"

"Well, you already have your arm wrapped around my shoulder. That's a good start."

This tease…!

Seeing me grit my teeth, she gave a smug smirk, then leaned in closer, her blue eyes looking directly at mine.

"...Why don't we start with kissing first, hm?"

My anger faded away at that moment.

Part 7

"K-Kissing… Huh?"

Although I wanted to do much more… The prospect didn't sound that bad.

"Yup. I'm not as much of a horndog as Kazuma is. Even though Kazuma is about ready to push me down, I don't feel the same way right now."

"But you're saying that you're fine with kissing to start with…"

"I often see it in movies and shows and the like. Even when I was in the heavenly realm, I saw couples kissing before doing anything more than that."

How often did she spy on couples?

I glanced down at her glossy, soft looking lips.

"A-Alright, then. I suppose I'm satisfied with that for now…"

"You're so entitled… Alright, well, then… How should we start?"

"You're asking me?"

"Ah, that's right… Why am I asking this virgin HikiNEET to initiate anything?"

She gave me yet another smug smile.

With my arm still around her shoulder, I pulled her even closer.

She thought I was spineless, huh?

That was far from the truth!

If I was the main character of any generic isekai story, it'd turn it into a complete porno immediately! I wouldn't waffle around like some dense dumbass!

Without giving her a chance to give any more snide remarks…

I leaned in and pressed my lips on hers.

"...!"

It was only when our lips made contact that I realized that I just had my first kiss.

…Wasn't I supposed to close my eyes or something?

I did that mid-kiss, closing my eyes.

Within the darkness of my eyelids, I tried to focus on the sensations.

…Aqua's soft lips were pressed against mine.

There was the mild taste of her lip gloss, a hint of vanilla. Underneath that, her closed lips pressed and brushed against mine, my thinner upper lip sliding down to her full lower lip, as I tried to absorb as much sensations as I could from my first kiss.

I heard that lips could function as an erogenous organ during events of high stimulus… I thought that was some form of pseudo-science until I actually experienced it.

I felt something building up within me, from the very bottom of my stomach, a feeling I became more keenly aware of as the kiss lingered.

Eventually, I had to go back and draw breath. Our eyes met, and I saw surprise in Aqua's eyes. She wasn't expecting that.

"..." x 2.

We both silently stared at each other.

I took my arm away, drawing back from her, processing what just happened.

…I just kissed Aqua.

With my heart pounding in my chest, with that fluttering in my stomach, it was like the lust inside of me had transformed into something else.

All I could think about earlier was trying to convince Aqua to do lewd things with me… Now I couldn't help but think about how close I had gotten with Aqua since we met.

I was close with Rin, too, and I was getting closer with Megumin… But in terms of girls I could openly speak with… I couldn't think of anyone else aside from Aqua.

"Hey… What was that?"

Aqua said, as she brought a finger up to her bottom lip, as if trying to find the phenomenon that occurred between us in that brief exchange.

"...M-Maybe this is normal when kissing…?"

"I-It's normal, huh? Then, I guess… You should try again…"

She was inviting me for more.

I kept my hands on my lap this time, before leaning in closer. Closing my eyes again, I felt my nose touching hers, before I oriented myself and found her lips again.

With the pressing of our lips, I almost found mine sinking into hers. The slight resistance and plumpness of her lips was addicting to press into.

It's just kissing… I wasn't even touching her…

But why did it feel so good?

We separated again, this time breathing harder since the contact lasted for thirty seconds.

Looking into each other's eyes, we came to an unspoken agreement.

Leaning in again, this time trying a shorter kiss. With a soft pop from the short contact, the almost magnetic connectivity of the action made us want to try a series of flutter kisses.

Soon, the smaller kisses became longer kisses once more. I don't know how long we kept this exchange going. All I remember from that experience was how each kiss felt new and different, even though it was the same variation and type we had been doing all along.

Eventually, it came to the point where we had to stop. It was getting too late.

We stared at each other for a few seconds, before glancing away. She said,

"That was… Uh… That was fun."

"Um… Yeah…"

"Well, goodnight."

"Yeah, goodnight."

We faced each other again and blushed, before standing up.

I let Aqua go to her room first, before going up to go to my room.

But before I could go upstairs…

Attention! You have reached a Bond Crossroads with the Water Goddess, Aqua!

Be careful! Your relationship with Aqua can change dramatically based on your decisions in the near future!

A message like that appeared.
Last edited: Sep 12, 2024
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, snoiper1 and 510 others
BoringBone
Sep 11, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 11: A Revelation For This Tsundere!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#235
Chapter 11: A Revelation For This Tsundere!

Part 1

"Oi, Satou! I told you to get up and answer the equation on the board!"

"Ow!"

Since I was spacing out in class, the Math sensei got mad and threw a piece of chalk on my forehead.

I went up to solve the equation while the class laughed.

After the incident with Aqua the previous night, I found myself spacing out in class.

I actually went and gave my first kiss to Aqua.

We even proceeded to keep kissing on the couch for quite a while.

During the lunch break, I took out my bento and was about to eat.

"Oi, Satou, a first year girl is outside looking for you."

One of my male classmates went up to my desk and told me this.

"Tch."

He clicked his tongue in irritation as I walked past.

I guess he was jealous of me.

"Hey, senpai! Wanna have lunch together for a change?"

Waiting outside my class was Rin.

With my mind preoccupied with Aqua, it was easy to forget that I just had a date with Rin.

"Alright… Where do you want to eat?"

"The courtyard is fine! The weather is pretty good out."

Since it was at the end of May, the sun was out and the clouds were clear.

To add to the nice conditions, there was also a cool breeze rustling the leaves of the cedar trees spread around the courtyard.

We sat down on a bench underneath one of these trees, taking out our bento boxes to eat them.

"I had fun on our date last time, senpai."

"Yeah, I had fun, too."

"I went ahead and used your present last night! I reread 'The Magic Tanuki Girl' and wrote down my thoughts on it."

"Hm? Can you really have new thoughts on a book you've read before?"

"Of course you can! Things like foreshadowing you missed before, or even just appreciating the ways the author uses certain words to elevate the tension in the scene, how they engage the readers with the use of irony… Sometimes you can't absorb everything after the first read through!"

"I see… I have to admit, I really liked the descriptions in 'The Magic Tanuki Girl'. The way the writer describes the scenery and the way the characters interact with it, as if it were a real physical world, really immerses you in the writing."

"I know, right?! A lot of Light Novel writers and amateur writers tend to avoid adding detailed descriptions to their stories. Maybe you'll just get a few sentences giving a brief description of the surroundings to describe the scene. Then what will follow is a long stretch of dialogue without any actions or descriptions interrupting it. Sometimes it becomes an eyesore…"

"Well… I heard that descriptions might be one of the hardest parts of writing. I guess for those kinds of writers, it's not worth it to invest that much time and effort into descriptive writing, especially since they're not even writing high literature…"

She giggled and said,

"So, senpai… Wanna go on another date this Sunday?"

Another date…

Was it fine for me to go on another date with Rin even though I went ahead and had that kissing session with Aqua?

It almost felt like cheating, in a way.

Except that I wasn't even in a relationship with any of these girls.

Something like a date was fine… Maybe.

"Yeah, sure. What do you feel like doing?"

"Hm… Last date we did something I wanted. What does senpai want to do for our next one?"

I tried to think of something I wanted to do.

I looked at Rin, at her slim figure.

With the warm weather, I figured that it was the perfect time to go to the pool.

Mostly, I just wanted to see Rin in a swimsuit.

"How about going to the swimming pool?"

"Oh…! That's a great idea…!"

Thankfully, she didn't assume that I was up to anything perverted.

What a good girl.

"I suppose I'll have to buy a new swimsuit… I'm looking forward to this!"

"So am I."

"That was a quick response, senpai."

After agreeing on our second date, we finished up our lunch and headed back to class.

As I did so, the guys in class surrounded me when I returned to my desk.

"Satou… It seems I underestimated you…"

"Please teach us your ways!"

I shooed them away.

…

…

During soccer practice, Mitsurugi came up to me and said,

"Satou, let's have you work on your shooting… Wait, why are you avoiding eye contact with me?"

Since I knew that Mitsurugi had a thing for Aqua, it made me feel a bit guilty that I kissed her.

"No reason… Wait, why do I need to shoot? I just need to pass to you and the wingers and let you pawns do the scoring."

"Why are you referring to us as pawns?! Listen… Midfielders also need to know how to shoot. You had some chances to score by yourself in the last matches, but you ended up passing it off because you weren't confident with your shooting."

I didn't want to add even more to my plate in terms of things I needed to learn in soccer, but I also felt like I owed Mitsurugi for what I did with Aqua behind his back.

With Mitsurugi's instruction, I focused the rest of the drills on finishing and shooting, both close ranged and mid ranged.

Since we had success with Mitsurugi at the False 9 position, he wanted to focus on me making runs to the penalty area and finishing decisive goals.

Your 'Dexterity' increased by +1!

After the practice, I changed and went to the train station.

Wanting to replenish the calories I lost, as well as get some protein after exercising, I ordered their special peanut butter and banana protein shake, which was a limited edition offer.

They added protein powder into the shake, which meant that it cost a bit more than the normal shakes.

Since it was limited edition, I made sure to get one before the offer went away.

Your 'Stamina' increased by +2!

The smoothie cost me 750 yen. That reminded me that I needed to ask my parents for my allowance for the week.

Part 2

"Gimme money."

I held my hand out to my parents when they got home.

"...That's the first thing you say to your parents when you get home? Fine, then…"

They placed 1,000 yen on my open palm.

"Gimme lessons."

I went over to Kazuto next, asking him for the lessons that would raise my charisma.

"Fine… But are these lessons even doing anything? Nii-san is just as unlikeable as ever…"

"I'll have you know that I'm going swimming with a kouhai this Sunday."

"...Are my lessons really that effective?! Maybe I should start charging you money…"

"Oi, start the lesson already!"

I stopped him before he could get any funny ideas.

Your 'Charisma' increased by +1!

After the lessons were over, Aqua came down and we saw each other for the first time since we kissed.

"..." x 2.

We awkwardly glanced away from each other.

"Sigh… Are these lessons really working, nii-san? Aqua-nee isn't even looking at you."

Maybe they were working too well.

I still couldn't believe that I ended up kissing Aqua…

Was that just a spur of the moment thing? Or…

While we were having dinner, Aqua still avoided talking to me or making eye contact with me.

My parents were still enamored with her, though. They laughed at all her jokes.

…Sometimes it felt like they'd rather have her as a daughter than have me as a son.

Your 'Intuition' increased by +1!

Shut up!

After dinner, I decided to try and do some practice to raise my stats again.

…Or more like I was trying to avoid Aqua.

Since my parents were home, I couldn't just practice my magic in the backyard.

Instead, I changed into my tracksuit and prepared to go jogging.

Last time, my speed stat didn't go up until I ran for an hour…

Did that mean that I had to run for even more than that?

Or maybe increasing the intensity of the training was enough?

That was the advice that Mitsurugi gave me, anyway.

I decided to up the speed a little, going from a light jog that focused on endurance to a run that focused on maintaining my speed for as long as possible.

"Hah… Hah… Hah…!"

I couldn't even last twenty minutes keeping up a fast pace.

Your 'Speed' increased by +1!

I was right…

Increasing the intensity of the activity was much more effective.

With that, I walked back home, feeling the need to take a bath.

Once I got to the bathroom, after taking my clothes off and getting ready to dip into the bath…

"Hah…"

I enjoyed the pleasantly warm sensation of the bath, melting all my fatigue away.

That was when the door busted open.

"Kazuma…! This is urgent!"

"Kyaa~?!"

Aqua opened the door and went into the room, walking in on me while I was taking a bath.

Hold on… this is the wrong kind of fanservice!

Isn't it supposed to be the other way around?!

"W-What are you doing here?! Have you finally lost it?! Are you looking to continue what we did last night?!"

"I-It's not about that! Look, this is actually really urgent! Do you remember what I said, that the portals between this world and the other world have a chance of opening when there's a full moon in both worlds?!"

"...Are you saying that's happening now?"

"Yeah, that's what I'm saying! I just got a message from my replacement! The Demon King army… They're coming to invade!"

"I see… Well, I hope the others stay safe while fighting them."

"Why are you acting like this has nothing to do with you?!"

I grabbed a towel and prepared to stand up. Aqua's eyes widened and she turned around while I put the towel around my waist. I said,

"Look, the deal was that we had to defeat the Demon King in order for you to return, right? I also get a wish from the gods if I beat the Demon King. Fighting the generals and the mooks doesn't count, so why do we have to do it?"

"How are you so sure that the Demon King himself isn't coming through the portal?"

"In games and manga, the Demon King doesn't come out of his castle until all of his servants are defeated. They don't even reveal what the Demon King looks like until the very end. They always cover his face with some kind of shadow. The last boss won't come out this early, trust me."

"It's hard to argue with you when you sound so confident about it…"

After wiping myself dry with the towel, I put on the clothes I prepared to change into. Aqua turned around again once I was properly clothed. She said,

"Are you saying that we should just wait around and let the others handle the Demon King generals?"

"...We could even let them take care of the Demon King himself while we take the killing blow and all the credit. I can always use [Lurk] to hide and [Snipe] to take the last shot. As long as I end up killing the Demon King, that should be enough to get you back home."

"Kazuma, you're really despicable! Your plan makes sense, though…"

In the end, she agreed with it.

What kind of goddess is she?

"So, um… Are we going to talk about what happened last night?"

She was the one who finally brought it up.

I didn't think that I'd actually see Aqua acting shy, but there she was, glancing away and fidgeting.

It was actually possible for Aqua to act like a girl…

"W-Well… I guess we can talk about it."

With that, we agreed to continue the conversation in my room.

Part 3

"..." x2.

We were both sitting on my bed, trying to think about what to say.

Aqua was wearing blue pajamas that showed off her shoulders. I couldn't help but look at the exposed skin.

Ever since I met her, I couldn't find myself attracted to Aqua, her rotten personality preventing any kind of attraction to take place.

Now, I had this beautiful girl who was even a divine being in my room. It was a setup that wouldn't be amiss in some romcom manga.

Yet, I once viewed her as an annoying housemate who got better treatment from my own parents than I did.

…Did that kissing session really change my judgment of her that easily?

Hormones are a scary thing…

"What are you thinking about, Kazuma? You've just been staring off into space."

"...I was just thinking about how I didn't even view you as a girl when I first met you."

"If you want to pretend that nothing happened between us, then just say it?!"

"Ah, that's not what I meant…"

She gave me a skeptical look, then said,

"Look… Since I'm a goddess, it's natural that there's a religion based around me…"

"Why are you showing off all of a sudden?"

"I'm not showing off! I'm just stating a fact! Anyway, this religion is called the Axis cult, and one of the main tenets of that religion is that 'One should live life in the way they wish to'. That's really the only rule!"

"Sounds like an anarchist cult."

"It's not! It's a proper religious order with Arch-Priests as leaders and everything! There's a city in the other world called Alcarentia who dedicate themselves to worshiping me!"

She was very passionate when talking about her religion and her followers. She kept going and said,

"In any case… What I'm trying to say is that I take care to follow this tenet and do whatever I want! If there's something I don't want to do, then I don't do it. If there's something that I do want to do, then I do it!"

"So that's why you just laze around on the couch all day, huh?"

"Yup, that's right!"

She didn't pick up on the fact that I was criticizing her.

"What are you trying to say? That we should just give in to our impulses?"

"Well… Yeah, I guess that's what I'm trying to say."

"What if we ruin things by doing this…"

"It won't get weird… I mean, it's just us. What's there to be all insecure about? It's not like we have any real expectations of each other… We both just want to have fun and try things out, right?"

That religion of hers aside…

Without worrying about how it'll affect our relationship, she was saying that we could keep doing pleasurable things with each other, like the kissing we did the night before.

As a guy… Wasn't this the best kind of scenario?

Having a girl offer some casual fun with no strings attached…

"...I suppose that's fine."

As I stated before, I, Satou Kazuma, will not fall into the herbivore male archetype found in manga and light novels.

If an opportunity presents itself before me… I won't chicken out!

…At least, that's what I'd like to think.

If Aqua didn't have such an easygoing personality, this would have been much more difficult for me.

"With that said… Want to continue where we left off, Kazuma?"

"...!"

Her mood changed, as well as her expression.

The usual clueless look I was used to seeing on her was replaced with that of need and desire.

…It was honestly a turn on.

Who knew that Aqua could have this kind of feminine charm?!

"Y-Yeah…"

"Oh? What's this? Is Kazuma actually feeling nervous? Don't tell me you're going to freeze up at the last moment…"

Her usual smug attitude that pissed me off before felt different, now that she had that seductive look in her eyes.

In order to prove her wrong, I grabbed her shoulders.

Looking her directly in the eyes, following the motions we engaged in before…

I leaned in and kissed her, our lips uniting once more.

…It felt just as exciting as it was the first time around. Maybe even more this time, since there was a mutual understanding between us.

Rather than getting caught up in the mood, the nervous energy was gone. It was almost liberating, the feeling that we both really wanted this, that there wasn't going to be any awkwardness after we were done.

There was also the sense of freedom and experimentation in this second session. In the first one, it was honestly kind of overwhelming, since everything was my first experience.

This time, I could focus more on the sensations and even play around a little.

I caressed her shoulders, feeling the exposed skin left open by her pajama top. With the increased awareness of the entire experience, I could feel the taste and feeling of her lips pressed against mine, as well as the feeling of her smooth skin against my hands.

There were also the things going on with my own body. My heart was already beating hard in my chest, almost as much as it was when I was running earlier. How she felt in my hands and against my lips, the tingling in my spine.

It was hard to explain, but I guess it's the feeling of 'being alive'.

If this was how good a simple kiss felt…

When we parted, we opened our eyes again and I saw Aqua grinning.

"You really are lucky, Kazuma… Having a girl as hot as me on your bed… Getting to kiss me…"

This narcissist…!

But why was she actually so hot?!

The fact that she was aware of how beautiful she was compared to other girls… I used to find it annoying as hell, but now I couldn't help but think that she was insanely attractive for knowing exactly how hot she was.

…I suppose for an otaku like me, it was a breath of fresh air from all those purehearted heroines in manga and anime, who act all unrealistically modest.

In the first place, those works were written by virgin guys, anyway.

I leaned in again, this time more aggressively, confirming her words with my actions, agreeing with her.

As if to say… I did find this situation incredibly erotic. Even the fact that her very presence used to irritate me to no end added to the eroticism of it all.

What do they call that again? Enemies to lovers? Something like that…

Whatever it was, I loved every bit of it. The invisible tension that had been building between us, one that we were unaware of until recently… It was all spilling out.

I felt her tongue against my lips. A simple probe. It could have been an accident, but I didn't care. I did the same, probing my tongue against her lips, sending my intentions.

She parted her lips, giving me access. I hesitated for a moment, before slipping my tongue inside, letting it slip on top of hers.

She responded by letting her tongue wriggle underneath mine, before letting it circle around, this time ending up on top of my tongue.

What began as a slow, careful exchange picked up in its playfulness, until we were properly making out, not just exchanging long kisses.

I was actually making out with a girl in my room… on my bed.

…I could get used to this!

Your bond with Aqua has deepened!

Aqua (Water Goddess), Bond Rank: 6

At Rank 6, the dynamic of your relationship with Aqua has changed considerably. Are you housemates? Teammates? Perhaps something more? Tread carefully, as you are at an important crossroads in your relationship. Regardless of what happens, she sees you as an irreplaceable friend who will save her when she needs it. Since you two have been through a lot of things, she will never leave you alone.

Bond Reward: Faith +20

Part 4

The next morning, on my way to school, Rin found me again and caught up to me.

"Senpai… You have a big grin on your face. Did something good happen?"

"Ah…! W-Well…"

With all the excitement I had after what I did with Aqua, the fact that I also had something developing with Rin almost slipped my mind.

"Um… Erm… N-Nothing…!"

"...? Why is senpai panicking like that?"

Was I actually double timing?

No, no… I wasn't even dating anyone yet…

Just going on dates didn't really count as dating.

Wait, that makes no sense!

"Rin, can I get your advice on something?"

"Sure!"

"I have this friend…"

"Senpai… Whenever someone says that, they're always talking about themselves."

She was right on the mark!

Should I just come right out and say it?

Dating my kouhai while I make out with Aqua at home…

If the situation was reversed and I found out that Rin had a guy who lived in her house, who she regularly made out with, while also going on dates with me…

That would be horrible, wouldn't it?

Even though I get called a 'scumbag' a lot, there were some lows I wouldn't resort to…

"M-Maybe we should talk about this afterschool, if you have time…"

"Sure, but doesn't senpai have soccer practice?"

"Ah, this is more important…"

"...Isn't senpai just using this as an excuse to slack off on practice? I'll just wait for you!"

This girl knew me too well at this point.

…

…

When I went to practice after school, I saw Rin in the stands. Like she promised, she was waiting for me.

She waved when she saw me. I grinned and waved back.

Having my cute kohai watching me at soccer practice…

This was some high-level normie shit, wasn't it?!

"Satou-kun! I need you to focus! It seems that Mitsurugi-kun is out of commission for a while… You can't get distracted since you'll have a lot of responsibilities from now on!"

"Eh? What's that about Mitsurugi?"

I looked around and just noticed that he wasn't in attendance.

That was highly unusual for him.

"...His parents reported that he got injured yesterday… They weren't sure how exactly he got injured, but… Ah, I shouldn't discuss his personal matters! The point is, you need to step up if we want to win the next game this week!"

Mitsurugi got injured?

Even though he was the ace of the soccer team, that reckless guy…

At first I figured that he probably overexerted himself in the dungeon.

Then, I remembered what Aqua said yesterday.

…Could it be that Mitsurugi got injured while fighting the Demon King army?

Since he was a high-level app user, it was possible that the Demon King army targeted him.

I wouldn't put it past Mitsurugi not to tell me about it, either.

That guy was the type to act tough and not tell people if he was hurt.

…Was I actually worried about that guy?!

"Satou-kun! I told you to focus!"

The coach, who was normally easygoing with me, started yelling because I kept getting distracted.

After practice was over, I changed and headed over to where Rin was waiting.

"What's wrong, senpai? You weren't in your top form in practice…"

As a result of the distractions, I couldn't focus during practice and didn't gain any stat increases from it. I might as well have skipped.

"I got a lot on my mind, I guess…"

"Does this have something to do with what you wanted to talk about?"

I had so much crap to think about that I couldn't even tell what I wanted to prioritize first!

There was the thing with Aqua, the thing with Rin, and now the thing with Mitsurugi…

Life was much simpler when I was a friendless NEET!

"Let's go somewhere we can talk, I guess…"

"Let's go to a cafe, then!"

I didn't really want to talk about this kind of thing where other people could eavesdrop on us, but I didn't know where else to go.

We chatted idly about our day on the way to the cafe.

When we arrived, we ordered some iced coffee, since it was getting hotter. We took a seat, enjoying the air conditioning in the cafe.

While drinking the iced coffee…

Your 'Charisma' increased by +2!

This cafe still had the charisma bonus from its trending status.

Rin sipped her iced coffee and let out a sigh.

"Whew! That really hits the spot. So, what did you want to talk about, senpai?"

"Eh… How do I even start with this?"

I didn't have any frame of reference for this kind of thing. Certainly not from my life experience.

In terms of anime and manga… The closest thing to this kind of situation was a harem romcom.

But in those kinds of works, the setting only works because the protagonist is usually a dense bonehead who has no idea that a bunch of girls are into him.

Besides, most of those harem romcoms never actually have any real romance. Most of them have open-ended conclusions where the MC doesn't really end up with anyone.

It's rare to find a scene where a protagonist has to actually address the changing relationships around him…

In that case… What could I use as reference for this kind of thing?!

"You can tell me anything, senpai. You're clearly nervous about this… Don't tell me… It's another girl?"

Was it really that obvious?!

"That… That's…"

"Ah… The way senpai is panicking… It's true, huh?"

I suppose in this kind of situation where a guy you've gone on dates with says they have to talk, and acts all nervous… It's almost always an 'another woman' scenario.

I decided to just bite the bullet and tell her what happened.

"You see… Due to circumstances beyond my control, I'm living with this girl right now. Well, I guess our hormones took over and we started, um… Doing stuff…"

"...Has senpai gone all the way with this girl?"

"N-No… Just kissing and stuff. Making out, I guess."

I lowered my voice, not really wanting to talk about this stuff in a cafe of all places.

"I see… Um… Why is senpai bothered about this?"

"E-Eh? Well… You and I kinda have a thing going and all…"

She stared at me, then blinked. Then she started laughing.

"Pffft! Senpai… We went on one date! Why are you acting like you just committed adultery?"

"Oi, lower your voice…?!"

"Ah, sorry, sorry… Pfffft!"

She couldn't stop laughing. Was it really that funny?!

Even though I was stressed out about it!

"I appreciate your honesty… But I don't think this is really my business… I mean, does senpai think that we've been lovers this whole time?"

"...I'm not that delusional!"

I may be a virgin and former NEET, but even I knew that going on one movie date with a girl didn't equal a serious relationship at all.

"Then you're basically a free agent, aren't you? Same goes with me. And I don't know about that other girl's situation…"

"Ah, she's definitely single."

She only stepped out of the house to buy snacks from the convenience store, after all.

And since I worked there, I was still the only guy she really interacted with.

Unless you count Mitsurugi spamming her phone with thirst texts.

"Then I don't really see the problem? Unless… Senpai is saying that you intend to make me yours someday?"

She said, grinning while giving me a flirty smile.

"A-Ah…! Well…"

She giggled when she saw me getting flustered.

"You know… I'm flattered, really. Even if you didn't need to, senpai told me that because you wanted to be honest with me. That's really nice of you."

I actually had more impure reasons for doing that.

Because I imagined Rin doing the same thing to me and I hated the idea.

…Was I a possessive kind of guy?

"And you know, senpai… It's not like I don't want to take things to the next step, too…"

"...?!"

Even though her words were bold…

She was blushing deeply as she said it.

That probably took a lot of courage to say.

"So… T-Then…"

"But! I also understand that we're still young and it's kind of stupid to just head straight into a serious relationship right away… I mean, we've only gone on one date and all!"

How surprisingly mature of her.

There probably weren't many first year girls in highschool who could think about relationships objectively like that.

"And it seems that senpai has some things to figure out with that girl, too. It's not like I want to make you feel pressured into making things official with me just because I told you I'm interested in you… In the first place, is senpai even ready to commit to a serious relationship?"

"Not really."

"That was fast!"

I was self-aware enough to know that I wasn't anywhere near mature enough for that kind of thing.

…Although it pained me to admit it.

Maybe back in my NEET period, I would have claimed that I was more mature than anyone my age.

Although the fact that I even had a NEET period goes to show that I wasn't nearly as mature as I thought…

"Senpai… We're only in highschool for a short while, so let's just enjoy it, alright? We shouldn't hurry to grow up. Even if we don't end up together, let's not have any regrets and just have fun!"

Wasn't that basically what Aqua said?

…What do these girls know that I don't?!

After we finished our coffee, we prepared to part ways.

"Thanks for telling me all that, senpai! Even if it was really embarrassing… I'm glad that we could clarify things between us."

"Yeah… Thanks for understanding…"

"Are we still good for our date on Sunday?"

"Yeah, we are."

"Great! See you at school tomorrow!"

We gave each other a small wave before parting ways.

Your bond with Hinamori Rin has reached a crossroads!

Be careful! Your decisions from now on will severely impact your relationship with her!

The app gave me a similar message to the one I got with Aqua…

I suppose there was always this important transition period right before reaching Rank 6…

If Rank 6 was in the territory of a very close bond, I guessed that Rank 7 might be the max level for bond rank-ups…

Just like how skills had max levels, perhaps it was the same with bonds.

Part 5

After talking to Rin, I headed over to my part-time work.

Since I had gotten used to the job, I didn't even have to think that much anymore, especially since it was a repetitive routine.

The hardest part of the job was dealing with elderly people who sometimes got confused.

I often had to explain things to them or help them purchase things with their debit cards.

Doing that took quite a bit of brainpower, as I had to think of ways to explain things in simple terms.

"Good job, Satou."

The manager gave me the 3,000 yen I earned for my shift.

Your 'Willpower', 'Bravery' and 'Intelligence' increased by +1!

Since I had to deal with a couple of elderly people on the shift, I even received an increase with my 'Intelligence'...

Before leaving the store, I saw some chips on sale that Aqua seemed to like.

"..."

I bought a couple bags.

After leaving the store, I made my way home.

"I'm home…"

I went to the living room, expecting to find Aqua slouched over on the couch again.

"...?"

Only to see Kazuto there but not Aqua.

"Oi… Is Aqua in her room or something?"

I said to Kazuto, as I looked around for Aqua.

"No… Actually, she left the house."

"Hah?"

It was rare for Aqua to leave the house unless she was buying snacks or something.

And since she knew that I worked at the convenience store, she would have come over while I was working and asked for a discount.

I took out my phone and texted her, asking her where she went.

A few minutes later, she replied,

I'm at Kyouya's place.

"...?!"

M-Mitsurugi's place?!

Not only that, she was calling him by his first name?!

I didn't know they got that close…

I shouldn't have given that bastard Aqua's number!

…After a few seconds, I realized that I was acting like some jealous boyfriend.

It wasn't like Aqua and I were dating. If she decided that she wanted to hook up with Mitsurugi, that was within her right.

Just like Rin said…

No, I still felt really pissed off just thinking about it!

I texted back and said,

What are you doing at his place?!

After I sent it, I only realized how desperate I was coming across.

Ah… That girl was actually driving me insane!

I immediately checked the reply once my phone vibrated.

It seems that he got injured last night. He came across a Demon King general. I'm healing him right now, so he should be fine.

"...!"

Suddenly, I felt like such a big asshole.

I left the bag of chips on the kitchen table and headed up to my room.

…

…

Thirty minutes later, I heard a knock on my door.

I tried to pretend like I didn't hear it, but Aqua opened the door anyway.

"Thanks for the chips! You got them for me, right?"

She was munching on the chips and sat on the bed while eating them.

"Oi… Don't eat while you're sitting on someone's bed!"

I sat up from under the covers and saw her in her casual outfit, munching on chips and leaving crumbs everywhere.

"Just clean it up afterwards. It's not a big deal."

"You clean it!"

I looked at her, trying to study her expression.

"If you're wondering if Kyouya is fine, he's fully recovered now. I'm a goddess after all!"

It was inconvenient how perceptive she was sometimes.

"I-I didn't ask, or anything…"

"...Kazuma… Male tsunderes aren't popular..."

"I'm not one!"

She sighed and laid the bag of chips down.

"You're probably feeling guilty because of what you said yesterday, right? About leaving all the work to the others?"

When I glanced away, she nodded and said,

"Good… Because I feel the same way. I mean… What kind of goddess am I to let some stupid Demon King generals hurt my dear subjects?!"

"I don't think Mitsurugi is your subject or anything…"

"Eh? But he said that he'd worship the ground I walked on…"

That guy…!

"A-Ah… He certainly is a devoted subject…"

"I know, right?!"

Since it was better for me that way, I didn't try to change her mind.

"Kazuma… We need to take revenge on these generals! I have to admit your plan was clever in a despicable kind of way, but they can't just come over here and do whatever they want!"

When I thought about leaving it to the others, I didn't think that anyone would get injured. Much less someone I actually knew.

…What if Megumin or Yunyun got hurt?

Or Chris and Darkness…

Well… Darkness might actually like that.

The point was that I didn't think about this seriously.

This was a war, not a game. Even if it felt like that at the start.

If we didn't take it seriously, our planet could actually get invaded by demons from another dimension…

"Aqua… Did Mitsurugi give you any details about when he was attacked?"

"Hmm… He said that there were two guys. Both were really tall, but one was really tall. The really tall guy was wearing a suit of armor, while the other guy was wearing a mask…"

"Do you recognize any of these Demon King generals?"

"No, not really."

"Huh?! Don't you know anything about the Demon King army?!"

"Why should I be bothered to know anything about them?! They're the enemy!"

"That's exactly why you should know about them!"

I sighed and shook my head, already used to Aqua's dumbass ways.

"...Aside from the physical descriptions, does he know anything about their abilities?"

"Hmm… He said the masked guy seemed to know his moves, and even said that he intentionally targeted Kyouya as he was walking home from soccer practice. I don't know how they got that information, though… The really tall armored guy summoned a bunch of skeletons, too. He even used a death curse mark on Kyouya, but I lifted the curse!"

Since Kyouya was a high-level app user who even had a cheat artifact from Aqua, it would make sense why they'd target him.

Either they had information about us, or this masked guy had some way of getting secrets out of people…

Maybe an esper? Someone who could read minds… Or some kind of divination magic…

Whatever the case, these guys were clearly trouble…

After all, in battle manga, whenever a pair of two threats come to invade, it usually means they're a huge threat.

Not only to the world, but to the power scaling of the series, as well.

Part 6

After my discussion with Aqua, I texted Megumin and the other girls, telling them to stay safe and not go out at night.

The most I was worried about was Megumin, since she'd always go out and do her 'explosion walks' regardless of the time.

And she was the type to spout nonsense like 'My power is stronger when the moon is out'.

…No, actually, the one in the most danger was Darkness.

I shouldn't have given her a warning in the first place!

Since her mind was not that of a sane person, if she received a warning about dangerous threats lurking around, she would surely reject the advice to stay inside and actually go where the danger was.

As if to confirm this suspicion of mine…

I'm heading over right away! Kazuma said that these dangerous generals are in his area, right?! I'm heading there right now!

…What the hell was wrong with this girl?!

Despite sending multiple messages to her, she didn't respond.

She was probably on her way to the dungeon, about to traverse to Japan using the connected doors.

I sent a message to Chris, but she didn't respond.

She was probably busy with something…

"Ugh… I gotta go!"

"Huh? Don't tell me you're gonna fight those guys?! Bring me with you!"

Aqua followed me out the door. I turned to her and said,

"I'm not fighting anyone! My main priority here is keeping everyone safe, and there's clearly a nutjob out there who is trying to stay as unsafe as possible!"

"Eh? You mean Megumin?"

"No, the other nutjob!"

"Well, take me with you! If there's really someone in danger, you need my healing, right?"

"..."

I couldn't really argue with that one.

Without much of a choice, I brought Aqua along.

We took the train and headed over to the dungeon.

During the ride, Aqua watched me as I nervously bit my lip.

"...Kazuma… I haven't really seen this side of you before."

"Huh? What do you mean… I always end up having to take care of other people's mess!"

"I know that, but… Well, you always act like you don't care. Even yesterday, with that speech of yours about not getting involved. But here you are, putting yourself in danger just to protect someone else…"

"Oi… Stop making me out like some generic protagonist you'd see on the pages of Shonen Jump… I'm not an 'ally of justice' stereotype who will go out of his way to save people…"

"Only those you care about, right?"

She smirked, leaning close to me. She whispered,

"...I think I really like that about you."

"...?!"

"Only that part, though. Well, I guess you're a decent kisser, too?"

"S-Shut up…!"

She was saying that only those two things about me were likeable, huh?

With what she said…

I also didn't really expect to see this side of myself.

These past few days have been a revelation, really.

My attraction to Aqua… My possessiveness over Rin… And now I even wanted to protect Darkness.

Did I just have a soft spot for beautiful girls? Wait… That wasn't really a revelation!

My thoughts were cut short as the train finally arrived at the station. Aqua and I got out and ventured out into the city streets at night.

As we headed to the dungeon, we were greeted by an unusual sight.

"..." x 2.

We stared at Darkness, who was attracting quite a crowd.

One of the people gathered around taking pictures said,

"Eh? Is she a cosplayer?"

"So hot… She's a foreigner…"

"Is this a promotional stunt for FGO? She's clearly a Saberface…"

The crowd was saying those things, because Darkness was completely decked out in full plate armor.

She must have purchased that recently, or got it as a drop from the dungeon.

The material was clearly more expensive than my iron breastplate, as it was made of steel.

Full plate armor… She was either incredibly lucky, which was doubtful, or she was incredibly rich, which was more believable.

She did have a kind of ojou-sama feel about her…

Aside from that, she planted the tip of her greatsword on the ground and held the pommel in her palms.

…Maybe the Saberface comment wasn't too far off.

We walked over to Darkness, who was blushing and shaking from all the attention she was getting.

"A-Ah… Greetings, Kazuma and Aqua… Do you see? All these people… Are staring at me… Those men over there are staring at me with lust in their eyes… Hehe…"

Was this girl really one I should protect?

Or should I protect other people from her?

"Oi… What are you doing here, Darkness?"

I said, staring blankly at her.

"...If I come out with my gear like this, then those two fiends will surely show up! I can't let them do what they wish in Kazuma's country! Even if I have to sacrifice my body for everyone else… I… I'll gladly do so! Huff… Huff… As someone with the Crusader class… I feel obligated to protect the weak!"

"I feel obligated to report you to the police, pervert!"

She actually huffed in the middle of her speech.

"Hm…? Ah… I see you all got the same idea as me…"

The other nutjob showed up.

I turned around and saw Megumin. However, she was wearing a black witch hat and a black cloak, along with the staff she got from before.

The crowd saw her and said,

"Oh! Another cosplayer showed up!"

"She's cute!"

"Is there some kind of cosplayer meet-up going on…?"

They thought that some kind of event was going on.

…If Darkness's plan actually works, then that means that all these people would be in grave danger if the Demon King army generals showed up.

"[Wind Breath], [Freeze]..."

I subtly made frozen winds come out and waft over the crowd.

"Yikes! It got cold all of a sudden…!"

"Let's get out of here!"

"Aww… I feel bad for those cosplayers, having to deal with the cold…"

After feeling out-of-season icy winds at the end of May, the crowd predictably dispersed.

"A-Ah… Those men are no longer staring at me…"

Darkness was disappointed with the crowd leaving.

"Hmph… And here I thought I would give them an explosion show…"

It was a good thing I sent them away!

"Oi, Megumin… What are you doing here? And with that cosplay…"

"It's not cosplay. I got this hat and this cloak as a reward for completing my quests… As for why I'm here, I had the idea that coming here in full battle gear would attract those Demon King generals…"

"Oh! Great minds think alike, Megumin!"

"Right back at you, Darkness!"

They grinned at each other and bumped fists.

The fact that these two agreed meant that their idea was incredibly bad.

Fighting the urge to lose my temper and yell at them, I said,

"Darkness… Go back to your country."

"Kuh! Racism… Huh? You sure don't pull any punches, Kazuma…"

"I'm not deporting you! Wait… You technically didn't go through customs, so you're actually an illegal alien…"

Since she didn't go through the airport and went through the dungeon system instead, that meant that she was illegally crossing over to Japan.

"Eh…? I never considered that?!"

Aqua smirked and said,

"Leave it to Kazuma to find such weird things to think about…"

"...I seriously don't want to hear that from you!"

I was about to try and get Darkness and Megumin to go back home again, but…

That was when [Enemy Detection] activated.

And from the shudder I felt down my spine, I knew that this wasn't like when the skill warned me of goblins and the like before.

I turned around behind me and saw two figures approaching.

One of them was huge, perhaps about 8'0" tall. The other figure was also tall, but at least it was tall only by human standards.

Like Aqua described, the tall one was clad completely in armor. He also carried a sword that was even longer than his body.

The other one was wearing a mask over his face, a mask that was split by black and white halves. He wore a tuxedo and didn't appear to have any weapons in hand.

The crowd had dispersed, but the streets were by no means empty.

And furthermore…

"Oh! There's more cosplayers gathering, huh?!"

"Wow… So tall… Is that just the costume, or…?"

"Whoa! The masked guy seems really handsome?! Do you think we can get a picture?!"

…Since they saw Megumin and Darkness in their gear, they assumed that these guys were cosplayers as well.

They took out their phones and approached, ready to ask permission to take pictures.

I had to do something to clear the crowd again…!

I thought about my options, all the skills I could use…

"...!"

That one seemingly useless skill…!

But would it work in the way I wanted…?

There was only one way to find out!

I cupped my hands together around my mouth.

"Brrring! Brrring! This is a sudden Earthquake warning! Please find shelter! Brrring! Brrring! This is a sudden Earthquake warning! Please find shelter! Brrring! Brrring!"

Using [Versatile Entertainer], I imitated the emergency announcement that all Japanese should know.

Like clockwork, those out in the streets stopped what they were doing and headed inside.

As the crowd headed inside the nearest building to take shelter, one of the figures, the masked guy, let out an amused sound.

"...Impressive… That one over there seems quick on his feet… Let's see… Satou Kazuma, is it…?"

"...?!"

He suddenly said my name!

It seems Mitsurugi wasn't exaggerating when he said the masked guy knew all kinds of things about him.

I guess he really was a mind reader of some kind…

"...! Wow! You really are impressive, aren't you, boy? Suddenly filling your head with useless noise… You catch on quick!"

He started clapping when I started thinking about random stuff to hide my thoughts from him.

"Ugh…! What is that stench?! There's an awful stench coming out from that masked guy! Yuck!"

Aqua said, pinching her nose as the masked guy approached.

"Could it be? I sense the detestable aura of a goddess among you…"

The masked guy seemed to sense that Aqua was a goddess…

The armored guy turned his helmet to look at us. He said,

"Oi, Vanir… I sense only weaklings here. None of these young ones are even level 10 yet. I'm not interested in bullying the weak. Let's hunt some actual strong guys. That magic sword user from last night was fun… He fought desperately and even acted like a proper hero. Thanks to him I had to use up a lot of my power and undead army reserves… I'll have to pick my fights carefully now… Hmm…"

He was talking about Mitsurugi, for sure.

"...These two are the fiends that are harming everyone, huh? I won't stand for it!"

Darkness said, stepping forward and pointing her sword at the approaching threats.

Megumin chuckled and twirled her staff around, then posed afterwards.

"Finally… A worthwhile target for my explosion magic…"

Aqua cracked her fist and leered at the masked guy in particular.

"Oi… You're a devil, aren't you? As a goddess, it's my job to exterminate a pest like you!"

They were getting excited about this!

If I didn't do anything, they would surely fight these opponents that were way more powerful than them.

And who knows what would happen if they did that.

Thankfully, I had already made my move.

As soon as the crowd cleared, I took out my phone and texted someone.

A bright light appeared behind us, near the dungeon entrance.

"Kazuma-san! I came as fast as possible! You want to hang out, right?!"

Yunyun appeared in her pajamas again.

"That's right, Yunyun! We want to have a sleepover party at your house!"

I grabbed her hand and dragged her to the others.

"R-Really?! Megumin… And these two girls?! W-Wahhh… I'm so happy!"

"That's right! We're so excited! Teleport us to your house, quick!"

"Sure thing!"

As Yunyun grabbed Megumin and Aqua's hands, I grabbed Darkness and held onto Yunyun's shoulder.

"Oi, Yunyun! What are you doing…?!"

Megumin started to complain, but Yunyun had already finished chanting the spell.

"Teleport…!"

With a flash of bright light, we teleported out of danger.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, snoiper1 and 499 others
BoringBone
Sep 12, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 12: A Girls' Sleepover for this Pervert!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 13, 2024
Add bookmark
#262
Chapter 12: A Girls' Sleepover for this Pervert!

Part 1

After the bright light of Yunyun's teleportation faded away, we found ourselves in her room.

Although it was more spacious than the average room, aside from that, everything about it indicated that it was a normal girl's room.

There were plushies on the bed, everything was neat and there was this nice scent in the air. Her table was filled with stationary, a hair brush and a hand mirror, as well as miscellaneous grooming supplies.

There were also pictures on the wall and on the desk, most of them of Yunyun and Megumin, although for some of the pictures, it didn't look like Megumin was aware that a picture was being taken.

"Why did you do that, Yunyun?! I was about to cast explosion magic on those guys!"

"Ehh?! B-But Kazuma-san said that you wanted to have a sleepover with me…!"

"Yunyun… You don't know Kazuma well enough, so I'll tell you this. That guy is…"

I covered Megumin's mouth before she could bring down my image in Yunyun's eyes.

"Megumin… Don't tell me you didn't learn your lesson from last time. Those guys were clearly dangerous… We could have all been wiped out…!"

"...! O-Oh… Yeah…"

After reminding her of the incident with the dungeon, she stopped complaining that I had Yunyun teleport us away.

I felt bad about using guilt-tripping tactics, but knowing Megumin, she wouldn't stop unless I resorted to such things.

She was addicted to explosion magic, after all.

"I-I guess we were a bit reckless… Sorry, I just sensed that the masked guy was a devil and…"

Even Aqua saw the error of her ways.

"Y-You should have all just left me behind! Next time, please don't hesitate to abandon me…!"

Darkness was the only one who didn't see the big picture.

After taking a breath to calm herself down, Megumin said,

"Alright… What do we do now? It's not like we can leave those two invaders alone… What if they start randomly killing people?"

With her head free from thoughts of explosion magic, Megumin was able to think rationally. I said,

"I took that into account. The armored guy didn't seem interested in 'weaklings'. He said it himself. It seems that they're intentionally going around and hunting strong app-users. Like Mitsurugi…"

Aqua and I exchanged glances when I said that.

"Then I guess we don't have to worry about the general populace… At least for now. The Demon King army is intent on taking over the world, after all. At least, that's what Wolbach-sama told me…"

While we were talking about the impending threat, Yunyun raised her hand and said,

"U-Um… So, are we having a sleepover, or…"

"Why are you still fixated on that?!"

Megumin said, making Yunyun blush and wave her hands around.

"This is a rare opportunity after all!"

Since those two generals were still around, I didn't want the others to return home right away. I said,

"If your parents are fine with it, I guess we can stay."

"Really?! Thank you so much!"

Yunyun said, with gratefulness in her eyes.

"Hold on… Yunyun, is your dad really fine with Kazuma being here? He's a guy, after all."

Megumin quickly caught on.

Aside from the whole safety thing, I had another angle.

As a guy, I had always been curious about what went on in these sleepover parties that girls had…

"Since this is an emergency situation, Yunyun has to deceive her dad. After all, I can't exactly leave, or those two will hunt me down…"

"Well… I guess that's true…"

Megumin gave me a skeptical look.

"I-It's clear that Kazuma has something nasty planned for us! Using this situation to his advantage… So exciting!"

Darkness gave me a creepy look of desire, clearly expecting something to happen.

"As long as there's snacks, I'm not complaining."

Somehow, Aqua was already laying down on Yunyun's bed and reading a manga.

"I'll go get permission from my dad right now!"

As Yunyun went downstairs and talked to her dad, I said,

"Hmm… This isn't really much of a sleepover, since you're still in your battle gears…"

Aside from Aqua and myself, Megumin and Darkness were still wearing their gear.

"...Isn't this just some excuse to watch us strip?"

Megumin said with a blank look, while she took out her phone and returned her hat and cloak into her inventory.

The gear disappeared, showing that she was wearing a red hoodie shirt and a dark gray pleated skirt underneath.

Darkness did the same, placing her full-plate armor back in her inventory. She was wearing a white long sleeved shirt that hugged her curves nicely, as well as blue jeans.

"Ah… Kazuma is staring at me… The night of debauchery has already begun…?!"

I couldn't help but stare at Darkness's nice figure.

Ignoring her, I said,

"Hmm… It still doesn't fit the whole sleepover theme we're going for here…"

"I thought we were just doing this out of necessity?"

Megumin said, not convinced by what I was saying.

"...In times of conflict, it's important to keep one's morale up more than anything. Maybe Yunyun has some spare pajamas for you girls…"

I went over to Yunyun's closet and opened it.

The other girls stood up, surprised by my actions.

"Oi, Kazuma! You can't just go digging around a girl's belongings like that?!"

"Even though it's just Yunyun, there's a line you shouldn't cross!"

"Kazuma… You truly are a savage brute!"

I ignored their protests and went through Yunyun's clothing.

"Let's see… Hmm… Aren't a lot of these quite revealing? Especially around the chest area…"

While looking through Yunyun's outfits, I noticed a common trend.

Even though Yunyun normally acted like a shy girl, her outfit choices were pretty risque…

Megumin sighed and said,

"Some perverted old man gave Yunyun the 'advice' that she'd make friends if she showed off more skin. She took it seriously and bought those slutty clothes…"

I should really look out for that girl.

Speaking of Yunyun, when she returned to the room, she saw me digging through her clothes.

"Ahh?! Why is Kazuma-san…?!"

I was caught red handed.

Part 2

Thankfully, Yunyun ended up buying my excuse that the other girls needed some pajamas to change into.

"I see… I think I have some pajamas for Megumin, from back when I was a kid…"

"I dare you to say that again."

Megumin didn't like the insinuation at all.

Regardless, they still accepted the change of clothes from Yunyun.

Since I was wearing my usual tracksuit anyway, I didn't have to change into anything.

"...Kazuma, leave the room."

Aqua said, when she noticed that I was still sticking around, as they were about to start changing.

"Don't mind me."

"Obviously, we'll mind!"

"I-I don't mind…"

Darkness said, showing her exhibitionist side.

"Look, Yunyun's father can't know that I'm here, or we'll be in a lot of trouble. Would you really kick me out of the room, just to protect your meaningless chastity?"

"...Calling a girl's chastity meaningless makes you the lowest of the low, Kazuma."

Megumin said, giving me a cold glare.

"You're the best, Kazuma!"

Darkness gave me a thumb up of approval.

"Um… I suppose Kazuma-san can just turn around or something… It would be really bad for me if my dad found him…"

Sighing, the other girls had no choice to concede, since Yunyun was doing us a favor by letting us stay the night.

"You are by no means allowed to turn around, Kazuma!"

Megumin said, when I turned away from them.

"Yeah, yeah…"

"And hand me your phone!"

"Tsk…"

"Did you just 'tsk' at me…?!"

I begrudgingly handed my phone over to Megumin.

Once I turned around, there was a brief moment of hesitation, before I heard the sound of clothes shifting around.

This is exciting in its own way…

Having beautiful girls stripping behind me…!

But the experience could be improved…

"[Steal]..."

Silently muttering the spell, I used the steal skill to take the hand mirror on Yunyun's desk.

While hiding the mirror, I used it to catch a reflection of the paradise that was happening behind me…!

Only to see Megumin's disapproving look.

"...Did you think I'd forget that you can use [Steal]?"

Ah, that's right.

She saw me using it before…

That was how I ended up facing the wall while the girls changed.

"Alright, you can turn around now."

I turned around after receiving their permission.

Surprisingly, the only one who had a pajama that fit perfectly was Megumin. Perhaps that was because the current Megumin and the child Yunyun from back then were the same size.

The hand-me-downs Yunyun gave to Megumin was a pink Hello Kitty pajama set, complete with a fleece top and bottom.

As for Aqua, the shirt she got from Yunyun was a bit loose, especially at the chest area. The shorts she had on fit her just fine, though.

With Darkness…

"U-Um… This is a bit tight…"

"S-Sorry… I think that's the only one that'll fit, though…"

…The pink nightgown she got from Yunyun was tight around the chest.

Not only that, but it showed off way more of her thighs and emphasized her butt too much.

What ended up being a girl's modest nightgown turned out looking like full-on seductive lingerie when Darkness wore it.

"As the one in charge of fanservice, good job, Darkness…"

"What kind of strange title did Kazuma just give me…"

As for Yunyun, she was wearing an ordinary pair of fleece pajamas this time, similar to Megumin's.

In fact, it almost seemed like she was intentionally trying to match with Megumin…

Megumin, of course, noticed this as well.

"Oi, Yunyun… Get something else to change into…"

"W-Why? What's wrong with what I'm wearing…?"

"You're obviously trying to match with me. It's creepy."

"Creepy?! What's creepy about that?! I always wanted to match with a friend… Besides, like I said, I don't have anything else that you can fit into…"

Megumin glanced over at me and said,

"Oi, Kazuma, give me your tracksuit top."

"Hah?"

Was she really this much of a tsundere that she'd want to wear a guy's tracksuit top?

Or did she just not see me as a man?

Regardless, I agreed to it, because the idea of a cute girl wearing my clothes was kind of erotic…

I took off my tracksuit top and handed it over to Megumin, who made me turn around again as she took off her pajama top and wore mine.

When I turned around again, I saw Yunyun with disappointed eyes as she and Megumin were no longer matching.

"Alright, now with that settled… How about we play some games?"

I suggested, once everyone made themselves comfortable.

"Heh… Knowing Kazuma, you'll probably suggest playing strip poker, or something."

Aqua gave me a smug grin, just as I was about to get up and take a deck of cards I saw on Yunyun's table.

"N-No… Not at all… Ah, how about the classic 'King's Game'..."

"Ohh! I always wanted to play that with friends, but of course, since I don't have friends, I've never had a chance to play it!"

Yunyun said that pitiful line without any hesitation.

"I've never really played this game…"

Darkness said, unfamiliar with the rules since she isn't from Japan.

"Basically, we will get five chopsticks and mark one of them with a red dot, while the other chopsticks get a number. We will then hide them in a cup by turning the chopsticks upside down. After that, we'll each draw a chopstick. The one who gets the chopstick with the red dot is declared the king. The king can then pick a number and whoever has that number has to do whatever the king commands. The king can even pick two numbers and get them to do a punishment game together…"

"...! T-This game has potential…"

The master/servant dynamic of the game seemed to catch Darkness's interest.

Aqua rubbed her hands together conspiratorially.

"Heh… I already have a bunch of embarrassing things planned for Kazuma if I become king…"

With her luck, I wasn't worried about that at all.

Besides, I was confident in my own luck.

I doubted that anyone here had a 90 luck stat, like I did.

…Did any other human have that kind of luck, actually?

Aside from that, I was also the type to always win games of chance no matter what.

I had never lost a game of janken.

I even made my pre-school sensei cry because I managed to beat her fifty times in a row. The fact that she couldn't even win a game of janken against a kid must have made her question her self-worth.

Part 3

After Yunyun got the chopsticks, we mixed them around in a cup.

"Heh. I can't wait to win and make Kazuma do all kinds of embarrassing things!"

Aqua said, crossing her arms over her chest as she smirked at me.

Considering how unlucky she is, I wasn't worried about that at all.

"Kazuma… I'm looking forward to your acts of cruelty."

Darkness said, with an expectant look.

"You better not ask for anything weird, Kazuma…"

Giving me a suspicious side glance, Megumin gave me this warning.

"I'm playing with friends… Hehe…"

Meanwhile, Yunyun was lost in her own world.

With that, we started the game.

"Who is the king…?!"

Smirking, I showed the others that I drew the 'king'.

"I am the king! Mwahahaha…!"

Megumin made a sour face and said,

"Ugh… Fine, but don't ask for anything too crazy…"

"Number two, sit on my lap."

"I told you not to ask for anything too crazy!"

She sighed and showed her stick, which had the number two on it.

"Alright… Might as well get this over with."

She stood up and walked over to me. As she looked down at me through those red contact lenses of hers, I patted my lap while sitting cross-legged and said,

"Sit."

"I'm not a dog."

Darkness let out a whimper and said,

"...It should have been me."

There's no such thing as a 'punishment game' to her, huh?

Eventually, Megumin stopped stalling and turned around, slowly lowering herself down until she plopped her bottom down on my lap.

I couldn't see her face, but I could see that her ears were red as she sat down on my lap. I said,

"You should back up a bit more. I bet that's more comfortable."

"I do know how the male anatomy works, Kazuma."

Not falling for the trap, she kept her seating position strictly on my lap and didn't move backward.

"Alright, I'll get up now…"

"I'm still the king, so you'll have to stay here until someone else becomes the king."

"Fine! Let's just start the next round!"

Unable to leave my lap, we gathered up the sticks, mixed them up and drew new ones.

"Oh, will you look at that…"

"How lucky are you?!"

I drew the king stick again.

Since I was confident in my luck, I wasn't surprised at all.

That also meant that Megumin would have to stay seated on my lap until I gave her permission to leave.

I love this game!

"Hmm… Let's see. Number three, give me a shoulder rub."

"...?! Why is it me again?!"

Megumin said, throwing her stick away.

I didn't know it was actually her, but since her reaction was amusing, it worked out for me.

Plus, this was another chance to tease Megumin who had a short-temper.

"I'm looking forward to your shoulder rub."

"Whatever…"

She prepared to stand up, but I held her in place by grabbing her shoulders. She looked at me, confused, and said,

"What gives? You wanted a massage, right?"

"Did I tell you that you could leave my lap?"

"Kazuma… You're really testing my patience here."

Aqua shook her head and said,

"Megumin, this guy doesn't care about that. In times like this, he will only care about milking the situation as much as he can get away with…"

"I see. What a scumbag."

"Feel free to call him Kazutrash."

Aqua was having a lot of fun insulting me in front of the others. Hopefully, I get her next time, so I can humiliate her as well…

Megumin didn't know what to do with the two conflicting orders I gave her. She said,

"How am I supposed to massage you if I have to sit on your lap?"

"You'll just have to turn around and massage me while facing me, won't you?"

"What?! There's no way I'll do that! I'll just do this instead!"

She reached her hands back behind her, elbows sticking up as she reached behind her head. In this awkward position, she attempted to rub my shoulders this way.

Darkness saw this position and snorted out of her nose excitedly.

"Megumin… That's quite the erotic position…"

"Hah…? What's so erotic about this?"

"...It almost seems like you're in a reverse cowgirl position and reaching back to hold onto Kazuma for support. Furthermore, you're sticking your chest out and arching your back while doing that, giving off quite the erotic appearance. And you might not have noticed it, but if you reach back like that, your bottom will naturally inch closer towards Kazuma himself… You might feel a 'surprise' soon…"

"Gah! What's with that overly lewd observation?! Darkness, you're really dirty minded…!"

"Kuh! Thank you for the treat!"

Darkness ate that insult up.

I chuckled and said,

"There you have it, Megumin. In the end, perhaps it's better if you just turned around and faced me…"

"Kazuma… You're really taking this too far!"

Despite her complaints, Megumin was the competitive type who wouldn't back down from a challenge.

Even though she could have just refused to do this challenge, or quit the game altogether, instead she turned around and faced me.

With a blushing face, she properly sat on my lap while facing me.

She then reached out and rubbed my shoulders while glancing away, unable to make eye contact with me.

"W-Wah… Megumin is maturing right before me…"

Yunyun said, watching through her fingers as she held her hands over her face.

"I don't need your commentary, Yunyun… Let's just draw the sticks again already! Get me out of this mess!"

We gathered the sticks and prepared to draw again, with Megumin massaging me with one hand as she drew hers.

Of course, I ended up winning again.

"You're cheating! There's no way you're not cheating, Kazuma!"

Aqua said, mirroring what everyone else was thinking.

I grinned and said,

"Hey, hey, how could I cheat? You all saw me drawing the same sticks as everyone else. Megumin even got a close-up look of what I was doing…"

"Next time I'll definitely catch you in the act!"

Megumin said, sounding like a housewife suspecting that her husband was cheating on her.

"Let's see… Number one, I'll have you rub my back."

When I said that, Yunyun said,

"Oh, I'm number one…"

Yunyun said, while holding her stick up.

"Then, Yunyun, you'll have to massage my back while Megumin massages my shoulders…"

Even though I didn't intend for it to happen, having these so-called rivals massaging me at the same time… What a wonderful scenario I just created!

Instead of looking embarrassed, Yunyun instead looked at me with concern. She said,

"Kazuma-san, if you're having back problems, I know a great massage therapist! I often have back problems because…"

"Don't you dare finish that sentence, Yunyun."

Megumin gave Yunyun a dark glare, as she sensed what Yunyun was about to say.

Darkness nodded along to what Yunyun said and replied,

"I know what you mean, Yunyun… But I don't go to any therapists, for I relish the…"

"Don't you dare finish that sentence, Darkness."

I said, sensing what she was about to say.

Yunyun moved over behind me and started happily massaging my back.

Unlike Megumin who had to sit on my lap while facing me, Yunyun didn't have an embarrassing role and performed her job without complaints.

Between Yunyun's enthusiastic, yet gentle massage and Megumin's tight grip…

It actually felt pretty good.

Furthermore, having two beautiful girls attending to me like this, one behind me, while one sat on my lap…

This is some high level play…!

Part 4

"Alright, Kazuma… I won't let you cheat this time. I'll draw for you in the next round."

Aqua said, when she took everyone's sticks and mixed them around in the cup.

"Heh. I don't mind, but if I win again, you'll have to directly obey my command, regardless of what number you get."

"Fine by me."

Even though it was Aqua who was drawing for me, I was confident that my own luck would still twist things to my favor.

Just like I predicted…

"There's no way?! How is a mere mortal this lucky?! What kind of unfortunate past-life did you endure to get such good karma?!"

While wondering at the karmic circumstances that gave me my near godlike luck, Aqua stared in wonder at the king stick that she drew for me.

"...I should tell you all this now, but I have never lost a game of chance in my life. You've fallen for my trap even before this game started!"

"Kazuma, let's hit the casino after this."

"I'm underage, you know?"

I immediately shot down Aqua's suggestion.

"That aside… I do believe that we had an agreement, Aqua…"

"Ehh… Did we?"

She tried to play dumb about it.

"Nice try… Aqua, come over here and kiss me."

The other girls gasped. Megumin, who was facing me, said,

"Oi, Kazuma… That really is taking it too far… Aqua, you don't have to listen to what this guy says…"

Turning around, Megumin was expecting Aqua to be against it, but Aqua just casually stood up, walked over, then kneeled down next to me.

Then, in front of everyone, she leaned in and kissed me on the lips.

We had kissed before, and even made out…

But kissing in front of everyone added a new thrill to it.

…Don't tell me I became an exhibitionist like Darkness?

"A-Aqua…?! H-How scandalous…?!"

Of all the times to freak out, Darkness acted like some kind of pure maiden just from seeing two people kiss.

Once Aqua was done kissing me, she looked around at the shocked reactions and said,

"Huh? It was just a kiss… Why is everyone panicking…?"

"Is… Is this really that normal between you two?"

Megumin said, as she glanced between us.

Not wanting my arrangement with Aqua to be exposed just like that, I said,

"W-Well… This kind of thing is common with king's game after all… Or don't tell me that you're too naive and innocent to even know about that…"

"I guess it's normal… But I didn't expect a guy like Kazuma, who reeks of virginity, to call something like kissing a girl casual… Rather, wasn't that Kazuma's first kiss?"

"It isn't!"

This girl Megumin was surprisingly brutal with her words.

After having kissed me, Aqua returned to her place, while Darkness and Yunyun were still shellshocked over what they saw.

"Megumin… I think we might reach adulthood together tonight…!"

Yunyun said to Megumin, who was still rubbing my shoulders and sitting on my lap.

"...This isn't some kind of shadow game, Yunyun. We can stop playing if it gets too out of hand."

"O-Oh… Right…"

"...Are you telling me you would have been caught in the flow and done this and that if I wasn't around, Yunyun?!"

"W-Well… I-It's not like I've played this game before, so I don't know the social norms around it, OK?!"

"How clueless can you be?!"

"I-I'm not clueless…!"

My ears were ringing as these two argued while sitting directly in front and behind me.

"Anyway… Let's stop the chatter and start the next round…"

"...What's even the point of drawing if we know that Kazuma will just end up as king again? Whatever, let's do it."

We drew the sticks and to no one's surprise, I was the winner once more.

Even though I was winning, I was also stuck in an unfavorable position.

Obviously, I wanted to escalate things and see how much I can get away in terms of lewd stuff.

But like Megumin said, these girls could just stop playing at any time if I took things too far.

I only made Aqua kiss me because I knew she'd be fine with it, but if I had chosen any of the other girls, the game would have ended right there.

A command like 'strip in front of me' would obviously be too much as well.

Should I just cut my losses? I already had a good bit of enjoyment after showing off my kissing with Aqua in front of everyone. That was a good boost to my ego.

Also, having Yunyun and Megumin massaging me, with Megumin on my lap, was the highlight of the night.

This was already heaven for the average guy in highschool.

…But I can't just stop there!

I, Satou Kazuma, lived as a kissless NEET until I entered the dungeon and discovered the app.

If it weren't for those developments, I wouldn't be in this situation, in a sleepover surrounded by beautiful girls.

Even though I was still a virgin, I was in a position where I could kiss a beautiful girl like Aqua whenever I wanted.

I was even in a good enough relationship with Rin that I could go on dates with her.

…For the sake of the past me, who could never have imagined that my future self would enjoy these harem manga-esque situations on a daily basis, I can't stop here!

I'll live life to the fullest without hesitation…!

And with that said…

"Number five… Take off your shirt."

The room went silent.

Finally, Megumin said,

"Oi, Kazuma… I already told you that we wouldn't do crazy things like…"

"I'll do it…!"

Darkness, who drew number five, said this.

"...Hah?"

Megumin couldn't believe what she was hearing and turned around to face Darkness. She said,

"Darkness… It's clear to me that there's something fundamentally wrong with your personality, but no matter how you think about it, this request is way too ridiculous for a game like this…"

"Megumin… Someone in a privileged position such as yourself has no right to speak about me like that."

"Come again?"

Darkness, with a shaking hand, pointed at Megumin who was sitting on my lap.

"Even though you are in such a humiliating circumstance…! You don't seem to enjoy it at all?!"

"Why would I?!"

Dumbfounded by the ridiculous things that Darkness was saying, Megumin's mouth was left hanging wide.

"Unlike you Japanese… In the country where I'm from… We don't have the same opportunities you do…"

When she said this, Megumin's eyes softened and said,

"Oh… I see… I guess we are lucky to live in such a privileged country…"

Assuming that Darkness was talking about the economic difference between her country and Japan, Megumin gave Darkness a sympathetic look.

Darkness nodded her head and said,

"Indeed… Where I'm from, schoolgirls don't get molested on trains on their way to school. Widowed housewives don't get blackmailed into sleeping with their brother-in-laws right after their dead husband's funeral service. Single mothers don't get coerced by their greedy landlords into selling their bodies and falling into moral degradation, eventually ending up with body modifications and womb tattoos…!"

"Um… Even though some of those things do unfortunately happen… Darkness, I think you have quite a twisted view of Japan…"

Megumin said, as Darkness basically admitted that she watched way too much Japanese porn.

"This is so unfair! I too want to be groped! I too want to be coerced! I want to say lines like 'No matter what you do to my body… You'll never have my heart'! You Japanese girls are so enviable! All you have to do is wear short skirts and stand around in a crowded train. Eventually, you'll feel some old man's hand touching your butt! Even if you look around, it seems that everyone is ignoring what's happening and pretending not to see! Then, in front of everyone, the old man will molest you, at first through your clothing, until eventually, he's even managing to grope you directly under your clothes! And then it'll escalate until… until… Kuuhhh!"

Darkness shivered, feeling some kind of weird pleasure from her verbal reenactment of some generic chikan AV she watched.

"...And then it'll eventually end in a gangbang."

"Are you done?"

Emotionally drained, I looked at Darkness with empty eyes. I said,

"You know what, Darkness… I kind of lost my desire after all that. Forget it."

"Ehh?! But… But…!"

"Go do an impression of a dolphin or something."

"Something like that…"

After making Darkness do some dolphin noises, we stopped playing the game.

Part 5

When it was time to sleep, Yunyun naturally got the bed while the rest of us were given some blankets to sleep on the ground.

Since Yunyun had limited pillows, that meant that I was the odd one out without a pillow to use.

"You can use this instead, Kazuma-san…"

Yunyun said, handing me one of her plushies to use.

"Pffft… That's oddly cute, Kazuma."

Aqua said, when she saw me laying down on the cat plushie that Yunyun gave me.

"Pictures will cost you 2,000 yen."

I said, when Aqua started to take out her phone to take pictures of me using a plushie as a pillow.

Since we didn't bring any of our toothbrushes, we had to settle for using Yunyun's mouthwash and floss, cleaning our teeth as much as we could.

For dinner earlier, Yunyun's father was kind enough to order pizza for us. Thankfully, that didn't come with sugary drinks, considering that we couldn't brush our teeth.

"Alright… I'm turning off the lights now…"

Yunyun said, once we were all laid down on our spots. She went up to her night lamp and prepared to turn it off.

"Hm? Isn't this the time when we're supposed to talk until we fall asleep?"

Aqua said, before Yunyun could turn off the lights.

"...! Ah… T-That's true! I also wanted to do that during a sleepover with friends!"

Even though I just wanted to sleep.

Dealing with Darkness during the king's game made me really tired.

Megumin turned to her side to look at us and said,

"What are we even supposed to talk about?"

Yunyun went back to her bed and laid on her stomach, looking at us as she kicked her feet up and down excitedly, almost looking like a puppy happily wagging its tail. She said,

"U-Um… I think we're supposed to talk about love and stuff…?!"

"Yunyun, that kind of girls' talk isn't possible with Kazuma here."

"Eh?! B-But… It sounds fun doesn't it?!"

"...What does Yunyun even have to say when it comes to love?"

"E-Em..."

Megumin was as brutal as always.

Coming to Yunyun's rescue, Darkness said,

"It's fine just to talk about what you want in a lover and what your ideal relationship is like… Stuff like that, I think?"

What an oddly feminine answer from her.

"...A-Although, I'd prefer if we talked about our fetishes… For example, my fetish is…"

"We already know all about your fetish."

I said, shutting Darkness down before she could start talking about her AV scenarios again.

"Keep the topic PG, please. Go back to talking about love."

When I said this, Yunyun blushed and said,

"U-Um… In terms of love, I just want someone who will take care of me and won't leave me no matter what!"

"...Why did you look at me when you said that, Yunyun?"

"I just happened to look at you, Megumin! Don't take it that way!"

Megumin gave Yunyun a look of suspicion before shrugging and saying,

"...What a normal answer. As expected of Yunyun who lacks imagination."

"T-Then what's your ideal love scenario, Megumin?! You can't criticize me when you're not contributing!"

"Hmm… I guess I'd want someone who is like a hero."

"Like a hero? Ah… I did remember Megumin's delusions about partying up with the hero and defeating the Demon King together with that hero…"

"It's not really a delusion now, is it? With my explosion magic, naturally the hero destined to defeat the Demon King will want me at his side! Of course, this hero has to have a noble spirit, one who treats girls delicately like a gentleman…"

"Kazuma doesn't count, then?"

Aqua said, snickering at her own joke.

I gave her a dirty look, but I couldn't argue back.

Someone with a noble spirit…

That would mean challenging the Demon King in fair combat without resorting to any tricks, right?

If it were me, if there was an easy way to assassinate the Demon King, like poisoning his food or booby-trapping his throne with dynamite, I would gladly take the chance.

Someone like me was probably outside of this 'hero' image that Megumin was looking for.

Megumin just smiled at Aqua and said,

"Well… I suppose it's also fine to have someone who's dependable when it counts. That's all that really matters, right?"

"Ah… I get what you mean…"

They exchanged a cryptic look before glancing at me together and giggling.

Ehhhh? What did they mean by that?

…Is what I would say if I was one of those useless, dense protagonists in manga and light novels.

Obviously… Those two were talking about the great me, right?

Darkness and Yunyun wouldn't know about my feats, since they never saw me deal with the dungeon core, but Aqua and Megumin did.

That was why they exchanged that look and started giggling like maidens with a mutual crush.

…Was I actually achieving my popular period?

I was already in a stage of normie development, when girls would giggle and exchange cryptic looks when talking about me?

Life is good. Life is good.

"Aqua, what about you?"

Megumin asked Aqua, which made me listen attentively.

I still didn't really know how to define my relationship with Aqua, but I was still very interested to hear what she'd say.

"Hmm… I guess I like guys who worship me?"

Of course that self-absorbed goddess would say something like that.

"Eh… What do you mean?"

"Well… A guy who appreciates how beautiful I am and properly worships me for it!"

I started to tune her out because of that predictable answer, coming from her.

"...I suppose aside from that… I guess I like the moment when the tension builds up and finally overflows… If you know what I mean."

When I looked up, I saw Aqua grinning at me. Megumin tilted her head and said,

"Hm? What do you mean?"

"...I guess something like… when two people have a lot of chemistry but they don't really act upon it… Until they can't hold it in anymore and the tension becomes too much… And then they end up all over each other. Doesn't that sound kind of exciting?"

"Y-Yeah… Wow, I didn't expect that kind of answer from Aqua."

Darkness nodded along with Megumin, while Yunyun blushed and hid her face in her hands again. Darkness said,

"Aqua… It seems that you know a lot about these matters!"

"Fufu… I'm the perfect woman after all! I have maintained a delicate balance between innocence and worldly experience…"

After showing off about herself again, Aqua turned to me and said,

"What about you, Kazuma?"

They all looked interested in what I had to say.

Maybe they were curious about the opinions of the only guy.

They more or less understood how other girls thought about love, but guys were a mystery to them.

"...W-Well… I guess I like the idea of having a girl that's on a 'pedestal', I guess…"

"Hm? What do you mean?"

Aqua said, looking to the others if they knew what I was talking about. No one seemed to know. I said,

"You know, getting to date someone like an idol or the most popular girl in school. A girl with that kinda status… Something like a girl that is beyond everyone's league, yet she's interested in me. Managing to somehow get with a girl like that is kind of exciting…"

"Ah… So Kazuma views women like trophies. Interesting…"

Megumin said, nodding as if she understood what I was trying to say.

"Oi! Don't say something that would get me in a lot of trouble!"

She tilted her head and said,

"...Well, I guess I can understand where Kazuma is coming from. It's kind of similar to what I want in a guy, isn't it? The fantasy image of a 'hero'... Kazuma wants something similar to that, a girl who is out of reach for most people."

Darkness's eyes widened. She said,

"D-Doesn't that mean that Kazuma relishes the feeling of conquering girls who are leagues above him?!"

I wanted to deny her… But that was kind of what I was talking about. I said,

"...It's not as depraved as that… But I guess if I had a choice, I would want the feeling of 'conquering' a girl who is technically 'above' me…"

"Kazuma… I knew you had massive dom potential!"

Somehow, I managed to impress Darkness even more.

Part 6

After talking about our preferences when it came to love, it was eventually time to sleep.

While the other girls were sleeping…

"[Lurk]."

I got up and snuck out of Yunyun's room.

The skill snuffed out my footsteps as I exited the door. It even silenced the sound of the front door opening as I stepped outside.

I walked out into the chilly night air, with the streets empty except for a few street lights.

There was only one person out, a drunken salary man who was passed out at the side of the road. The sake bottle he had at his side was broken, the glass shattered in half.

I took out my app and equipped all my gear at once, including my new armor. Then, I called out,

"Oi… You can come out now."

In the middle of our talks, I sensed an enemy.

They were close enough for [Enemy Detection] to warn me, but they never made a move against us.

After waiting for a few hours, they still didn't make their move.

I knew that if I alerted the others, they would do something reckless and take the enemy on.

That was why I kept the information to myself and waited for them to fall asleep.

"Fufu… You really are interesting… Satou Kazuma."

The tuxedo wearing guy with the mask came out from the shadows and stood under a flickering street light. He spread his long arms while talking, and said,

"Allow me to introduce myself! I am Vanir…"

"[Tinder]!"

Without waiting to hear his monologue, I shot three bolts of fire from my finger tip, aiming it at three different targets on his body.

Using my training on those empty cans, I was able to direct the streaking bolts of fire at my intended targets.

He didn't bother blocking the first two bolts that hit his chest, however, he did move his head away from the tinder that I shot straight at his mask.

The two tinder shots that I sent to his body only produced some smoke when it hit, and I saw that his 'body' was actually made of dirt.

The places where tinder hit scorched the dirt and caused some of the burnt areas to flake off.

"...Attacking me while I'm speaking, isn't that rude…?"

Without waiting for him to finish, I charged at him.

"...? Wait, why can't I predict your movements…?"

He said in confusion as I ran over to him.

The only part of his body he protected was his mask.

I concluded that it was likely a weakness of his.

While he was confused, I reached out with my hand…

"[Steal]...!"

He smirked and said,

"...I don't know why it's hard to predict your moves right now, but you can't steal my mask with that skill…"

I wasn't trying to steal his mask.

My target was the broken sake bottle near the drunken salaryman.

The bottle appeared in my right hand and I raised it for a powerful swing.

Using the passive damage increase of my first ever skill, [Improvised Weapon]...

I used the broken edge of the bottle and smashed it against his mask.

His mask broke into pieces.

The body that was composed of dirt collapsed, turning into a pile beneath my feet.

I thought that it was over, but…

I heard chuckling behind me.

A new pillar of dirt reformed into his body. Even the mask reformed. This time, the mask had a roman numeral 'two' on it. He said,

"...You actually managed to take a life away from me… And that quickly… I'm curious. How come I couldn't read your mind?"

As expected… He was a mind reader.

"All I can tell you is that I've never lost a game of janken in my life."

The only benefit of the adventurer class is the sheer amount of available skills.

Whether it's a spell, using steal again, or attacking with a weapon…

Rock, paper or scissors…

He can never predict the myriad options.

After all, I even won every round of King's Game against a goddess just a few hours ago.

"When it comes to games of chance, I won't lose…!"

"B… Bwahahaha! Boy… Don't you know that I'm the all-seeing Arch-Duke of hell, Vanir?! Are you telling me that a human with extraordinary skills in janken is my direct counter?! This is highly amusing!"

"I don't know how many lives you have, but I can keep this game going forever."

"...I didn't think you were the type who would face a Demon King general head on. No… from what I can see in your mind, it seems that you're the type who is overprotective of his companions when it comes down to it…"

"..."

It wasn't like I was fearless at this moment. My whole body was shaking in fear.

But what can I do?

Even if I asked Yunyun to teleport us away to her other teleport points, this Vanir guy would find us anyway.

And if the others knew that he was stalking us, they'd do something stupid and try to take him on.

…But was it really wise for me to take Vanir on by myself?

I was the only one without an advanced class, the one with the basic class of Adventurer.

…Why was I doing something like this, especially when I had a pitiful 'Bravery' score of '28'?

I guess… Maybe I enjoyed that sleepover more than I thought.

Even without all the perverted stuff, it was the first time I had a sleepover with friends.

An event like that was unimaginable for me when I was a NEET.

Even if I had to endanger myself…

To protect those girls who gave me that experience…

…Ah, crap!

I just realized something…

This was a major death flag.

A sudden bout of heroism from a normally cautious type…

I just set myself up to become the sacrificial pawn by doing this!

I was even thinking about my tragic past as a NEET.

No, stop the backstory!

There was even a moment where I was having flashbacks about the sleepover…

Stop having flashbacks about an event that happened only an hour ago!

These are major death flags!

"...Your mind is very erratic and troubled. Maybe that's why I'm having a tough time reading it…"

Vanir, who was peeking into my mind, commented about the tumultuous thoughts I was having. He said,

"Listen, boy, I just wanted to talk… I don't want to..."

Taking advantage of the opening, I charged forward again.

This time, while running, I hid my hand from him while forming a fist.

He looked confused again, unable to read what I was doing.

That was because I haven't decided on an outcome yet! Not until the very last moment!

That's how you win in this game of janken…!

"Saisho wa guu…!"

Once I was within range, still hiding my intent from him…

"Jan…!"

Vanir could only raise his arms defensively, as he still couldn't predict what I was going to do.

"...Ken…!"

I drew Chunchunmaru.

"...Pon!"

Using [Quick Draw], I used its surprise property to immediately draw the blade and slash at the mask.

"...!"

With fast reflexes, Vanir weaved his head to the right, dodging the slash.

I smirked and said,

"...You're looking the wrong way!"

"...?!"

With my sword arm extended, my other hand slid under, index finger pointed at him.

"...Acchi-muete-hoi!"

I flicked the finger and sent a fiery bolt of [Tinder] to his mask.

There's two components to janken.

First there's the normal rock-paper-scissors portion.

Then there's also acchi-muete-hoi, where the winner of janken guesses where the loser will quickly turn their head to a direction of their choice, and the winner gets the point if they flick their finger in the same direction.

And of course… My guess was correct.

The bolt of flame that left my finger hit his mask directly.

It started to crumble as he attempted to put it out.

Soon, Vanir's body crumbled into dirt again.

…But it didn't take long for his body to reform.

This time, a roman numeral 'three' was on his mask.

"...To think you'd actually take two lives from me… Impressive! Very impressive, boy!"

Did this guy have infinite lives?!

"...Now, are you ready to listen? I didn't come here to fight. Although your moves are unpredictable, did you think that an Arch-Duke of Hell like me would actually lose this easily to a low-level adventurer like you?"

I sighed and set my sword down. I said,

"Alright… What do you want…"

"I came here to make a deal, boy… You see, I didn't come here to your world because I'm interested in taking it over. As a matter of fact, it's best for my interests if you humans are kept alive. No… I came here for something else…"

"Spit it out already!"

He chuckled at me hurrying him up and said,

"I'm interested in the dungeon that you adventurers train in."
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, JOJOBRN and 473 others
BoringBone
Sep 13, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 13: A Deal With This Perverted Crusader!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 15, 2024
Add bookmark
#280
Chapter 13: A Deal With This Perverted Crusader!

Part 1

This Arch-Duke of Hell named Vanir was interested in the dungeon.

"...Are you planning on sabotaging it to prevent app-users from gaining levels?"

"Nothing like that, boy. I'm interested in owning the dungeon for myself."

That sounded even more nefarious.

Vanir spread his arms wide again and said,

"Imagine this, boy. A group of adventurers have defeated the final boss of the dungeon and have entered the treasure room, but upon opening the treasure chest in the middle of the room… Behold! I, Vanir, will leap out of the chest! Imagine the despair that will exude out of those pitiful adventurers when they realize there's no treasure inside…! Moihaha! How delectable!"

I waited for him to continue his explanation for why he wanted a dungeon.

When he didn't say more, I said,

"Wait, that's it?"

"That's it."

He was willing to go to another world for such a stupid reason?

"It's not a stupid reason, boy! It has been my goal for quite a while now!"

He read my mind and was insulted by my thoughts.

"What could you possibly achieve from such a stupid prank?"

I said, wondering what a hot shot devil like Vanir could gain from this.

"Devils get nourishment from negative emotions… As such, the feelings of despair that humans get when they're about to receive a prize, only to have it taken away, is the most delicious of treats for one such as myself…"

"That sounds more like a childish prank than anything, though…"

"No matter what you call it, a delicious treat is a delicious treat!"

Was this guy really a high-ranking devil?

I shook my head and said,

"...Hey, Vanir is from the 'other world', right? From what I heard, such a world is filled with fantastical things like magic and monsters. Why couldn't Vanir just find his own dungeon in such a world?"

"First of all, most dungeons are made by powerful mages and even Liches. The ability to create dungeons is the ultimate spell in the Creation field of magics. In order for one to wrest control of such a dungeon, one must defeat the master of said dungeon… As powerful as I am, it's not that easy to face a Lich in their own dungeon, especially since my real body is in Hell…"

"Eh? Are you telling me this body of yours isn't real?"

"Indeed! Even if my many lives run out in this form, I'm still safe in Hell! This body is merely a proxy, after all!"

That explained why I could somewhat put up a fight with a high-ranking devil in the first place…

And it didn't even feel like Vanir was taking our fight seriously at all.

"I got it. Back in Vanir's world, it's much harder to take over a dungeon since you'll have to fight a Lich or some other powerful arcane being. Since the dungeons in this world are made for the sake of training humans like myself, you think that it's easier to take over."

"Precisely! You do catch on pretty quick!"

"Then just go ahead and conquer the dungeon. Surely, Vanir is more than powerful enough to do that."

"I can't. Only chosen ones such as yourself can enter the dungeon."

"...I see. Well, good luck with that."

He held my shoulder just as I began to turn around.

"Hold it, boy. I will need your assistance."

"...And why should I help you?"

"If you help me, then I won't assist Beldia in defeating the chosen ones."

I turned around and saw a smile on Vanir's face, as he gave me this threat.

"You're saying that you'll abandon your comrade if I help you out?"

"Indeed! Although we are technically comrades, Beldia has played quite a few pranks on a colleague of mine… Consider this as me getting revenge for that colleague!"

It just sounded like Vanir was using any excuse to betray Beldia just to fulfill his dream of owning a dungeon…

I thought about it. With Vanir abandoning Beldia, that would reduce their combat strength by half.

Beldia's power level was still unknown to me, but compared to Vanir who could read minds and seemingly had unlimited lives, I was willing to bet that Vanir was the more powerful of the two.

…In manga, the tallest one of the duo is usually the weakest.

Like Nappa and Vegeta.

"Alright, I accept Vanir's offer."

"Eh? That's good for me, but… Are you sure you should agree that quickly?"

Vanir was surprised that I agreed right away.

"Huh? What do you want me to do? This is clearly the most rational decision. It sounds dangerous to cede control of the dungeon over to a devil, but it seems like a better option than facing Beldia and Vanir at the same time."

Besides, from what Vanir was saying, he was more interested in trolling people than actually harming them.

Our negative emotions were like some kind of food to him. It was better to keep humans alive and flourishing, in order to keep harvesting negative emotions from them.

That reminded me of what the succubus said, about how they fed themselves with the life energy and lust of humans.

"It seems that we've come to an agreement! Make sure not to turn your back on our deal, boy… Breaking a contract with a devil is serious business…"

"Yeah, yeah. As long as Vanir doesn't try to pull off anything shady, I won't try to break out of our agreement."

With that, we shook on it.

"Where will Vanir go? I assume you've been sticking with Beldia since you arrived here…"

"The colleague I was talking about is actually already in this world. She was one of the first three Demon King generals who infiltrated this world."

"...First three?!"

Aqua didn't mention anything about Demon King generals already infiltrating our world. Not to mention how there were already three of them.

"Ah… You'll have to figure that out yourself! Moihahaha!"

Seeming to take delight in my confusion, Vanir started walking away while laughing.

You gained +5 'Bravery' for facing the Arch-Devil, Vanir!

It really did take a lot of courage to face that guy.

Even though he was relatively harmless in the end.

Part 2

After dealing with the 'threat' of Vanir, I unequipped my gear and went back to Yunyun's place while using [Lurk].

Silently, I went back to the room, where the others were sleeping.

"..."

Only to get the urge to pee once I reached the door.

Perhaps this was the aftereffect of my intense fight with Vanir.

At least, it was intense on my end.

For Vanir, it was probably more entertaining than anything else.

"Toilet, toilet…"

While holding my pee in, I had to guess where Yunyun's bathroom was.

Thankfully, my luck came through again and I found it on the first try.

When I came in, I saw a pair of floating red eyes in the dark.

"...?!" x 2.

I activated [Night Vision] to see what this unknown creature was.

Only to see that it was Megumin.

"...Do you sleep with those lenses on?"

"I don't! I just put it on by habit when I got out of bed."

Seeing those red contact lenses, I thought that she was some psychopath who slept while wearing lenses.

"Whatever. Move out of the way, Megumin, unless you're into things like golden showers…"

"Could you not say something so disgusting in a casual manner? I'm still doing my business, as you can see."

"Is it a number 2? Why the hell is it taking so long?!"

"I-It's not a number 2! If it's a number 2, you can smell it, right?"

"Sniff, sniff… Ah, you're right."

"Don't actually smell it."

There was a brief moment of silence as I waited for Megumin to finish her business.

"...Hold on, isn't it too quiet in here? If Megumin is indeed doing a number 1, then why don't I hear any splashing?"

"How am I expected to do my business when a guy is here staring at me?! Why are you still here in the first place?! Leave!"

Megumin finally lost her patience and raised her voice, ordering me to leave.

"...I can't. I really need to go now. Any slight movement on my part will cause it all to leak."

"What is causing Kazuma to act like this?! I don't remember you drinking much liquids earlier!"

It was because I believed that I was fighting for my life to protect everyone else.

After going through such a high-adrenaline state, I really needed to pee once it was all over.

"Hurry up and finish peeing already, Megumin!"

"I'm trying! I can tell that Kazuma isn't joking around and I'm really trying! But you watching me like this is making it impossible! I understand you can't move around too much, but at least close your eyes!"

"...I can't."

"And why not?!"

"I'm still a guy, Megumin. Faced with this rare moment of watching a girl doing her business… Of course, I can't just take my eyes away."

"Kazuma, that's just straight up sexual harassment."

Didn't I deserve a reward for potentially risking my life for these girls?

They didn't know about my secret heroism, but that didn't mean that they shouldn't pay me back for my efforts.

"One of us will have to go eventually, Megumin."

"...Doesn't Kazuma realize that if you leak right now, you'll have to pee your pants?!"

"Of course not. Right at the moment I have to pee, I'll of course take off my pants…"

"Kazuma, I really hate where you're going with this!"

"Don't worry. I'll aim for the toilet, of course."

"I'm sitting on the toilet, you know?!"

"Just spread your legs and I'll aim for the toilet. I'll aim for the spot between your thighs. Don't worry, I'm very accurate. I have the [Snipe] skill, after all."

"I doubt that's how that skill works!"

I looked around and saw a flower vase by a window sill. I reached over and took it.

Taking out the decorative flowers inside and held it out to Megumin.

"Here, Megumin. Just use this instead and I'll use the toilet."

"You've got to be kidding me! Why don't you use it?! It's easier for a guy to use something like that than a girl!"

"...Megumin, I'm a firm believer in gender equality. There's nothing that says a girl can't also use a flower vase to pee in, just because it might be easier for guys to do so. Believe in yourself."

"Don't try to make this into some positive thing! Kazuma, just whip it out and use that vase already!"

While I was holding the vase for her, Megumin's hands suddenly reached for my pants.

"...?! What are you doing?! Megumin… I didn't think you were this kind of aggressive girl?!"

"Huh? Why are you acting meek now, Kazuma? Don't tell me that you're the type who is all offense and no defense…"

"Alright, I get it! Just stop trying to yank my pants down!"

When I pulled away from Megumin, that caused her to lurch forward a bit.

"Ah…"

The sudden movement caused the tension in her body to go away.

"..." x 2.

We both stared blankly at each other as Megumin couldn't hold it in anymore.

The sounds of splashing water…

"Ah… That's making me want to pee really bad."

I stared at the vase.

"I'm almost done, Kazuma! Just hold on!"

I held on, trembling as I forced myself to endure.

"Alright, it's done, switch, switch!"

Megumin snatched the toilet paper, before getting up to switch with me.

"Ahhhhhh!"

I let out a satisfied sound as I let it all out.

"S-So that's how guys do it, huh?"

Megumin said, as she stood behind me.

"Oi… How come Megumin gets to fully observe me doing this, while you made such a big deal about me watching you earlier?"

"You got to hear it in the end, didn't you?! Now we're even!"

"It's hardly even! I'm here standing and grabbing my junk, while Megumin was just sitting down! I didn't even get to see anything!"

"I'm not seeing anything, either! Kazuma is turned around from me! Besides, you probably got to see a peek of things you shouldn't see when I got up from the toilet earlier!"

"My vision was blurry from almost combusting! I couldn't see anything! I was this close to just pulling my pants down and spraying everywhere! You're lucky you didn't get a golden shower just now, Megumin!"

After finishing my business and flushing, I washed my hands in the sink after Megumin did so.

I noticed after drying my hands that there was a new notification on my phone…

Your 'Willpower' increased by +1!

Part 3

After that event, it was hard for us to go back to sleep.

We ended up going to the balcony outside of Yunyun's room.

It was already 2 am and it was pretty chilly out. We wrapped our blankets around ourselves while staring out at Yunyun's neighborhood at night.

We stared at the full moon, one of the main conditions that opened our world to the other world.

The stars were also plenty visible, even with all the light pollution. We could also hear some night birds chirping in the background.

"Kazuma… Your personality is kind of horrible."

Megumin said, after a few minutes of silence.

"If Megumin had just taken up my offer of peeing in the vase…"

"That's what I mean about your personality being horrible!"

She sighed and leaned an elbow against the railings on the balcony. She said,

"That said… You were also reliable during the dungeon core incident… It's weird. I can't really make a proper opinion of Kazuma."

I remembered the glance that Aqua and Megumin exchanged, when they were talking about guys who were 'reliable when it counts'.

"Just admit that I'm someone that is like the hero Megumin described earlier…"

"Hah? Kazuma thinks that he's some hero that girls like me would fall for? When's the last time you did anything heroic?"

"...Just to let you know, I actually fought that Vanir guy on my own earlier while you girls were sleeping. I did it to protect all of you."

Megumin stared at me for a while.

"Kazuma… Can you please not make such obvious lies?"

She thought I was lying.

"That said… I can actually see Kazuma doing that, despite how you usually are…"

"Despite how I usually am?"

"...Like how you'd make a girl pee in a flower vase."

"Hey, it was an empty flower base."

"Like that makes any difference!"

She planted her chin on her palm while leaning against the railing, glancing at me from the side. She said,

"I really can't figure you out, Kazuma… Well, I guess that means you're interesting. Nothing makes life more unbearable than a dull personality."

"Ah… Megumin is one of those 'I'm so quirky' girls, huh?"

"D-Don't group me with those attention seekers! Unlike them, I'm actually special, since I can use explosion magic and stuff!"

"...So Megumin is saying that if you didn't get this app, you'd just be like any other attention seeking wh…"

"Don't you dare finish that sentence! A-Anyway, it doesn't matter since I ended up chosen by Wolbach-sama! That means that I'm actually special, one of the chosen ones!"

"You're happy about this even though the world is in danger?"

"...All I know is that I'm having way more fun than before. And I also get money from the dungeon. By the way, those kobolds better be working hard right now to get us our cash."

She sounded like a yakuza boss extorting money from a business.

After talking a bit more, we returned to the others to get some sleep before the sun came out.

Since a lot of things happened to me, I felt immediate exhaustion when my head hit the pillow.

Before I fell asleep, I checked my phone and saw an update from the app.

Your bond with Megumin has deepened!

Megumin (Explosion Mage), Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, definitely sees you as a pervert now. Not only that, you might also be a scumbag. Are you really the reliable guy she thought you were? With that said, she believes that you'll come through when it counts, like a hero. She might be developing a bit of a crush on you now… But you'll have to prove yourself! Can you become Megumin's hero? Do your best!

Bond Reward: Magic Power +10

A crush, huh? Oh, my.

I was about to put my app away, but I saw Megumin's red, glowing eyes trained on me again.

"Oi… Take off your contacts and go to sleep already."

"Kazuma, I'm curious. Let me see your bonds list. I'm in there, right?"

"..."

What brought this on all of a sudden?!

Aside from Mitsurugi, I didn't really have an in-depth conversation about the bond rank-ups with any other app user.

After all, it was awkward talking about one's bond with another person, especially since it was clearly spelled out in the app in the form of bond descriptions.

I assumed that there was some kind of unwritten rule among app users not to look at each other's bond rank-up descriptions.

"...Go to sleep, Megumin."

"There's definitely something embarrassing in there about me if that's your reaction! Let me see!"

I kept my phone away from her as she lunged forward and tried to get it from me.

With her leaning over me like that, she ended up getting really close to me.

"Stop it! There's things that should be kept private! In the first place, isn't it unnatural to see how our bonds are progressing in real time?! That can't be good in terms of building normal, healthy relationships…!"

"Lemme see! Lemme see!"

With how much she was leaning towards me, she ended up falling on top of me, making me fall back on my blanket.

The others woke up from the noise. Yunyun saw Megumin on top of me, squirming around, and said,

"W-Wah… Megumin is assaulting Kazuma-san…"

"I'm not! …Hey, you're all app-users as well. Aren't you curious about how your bond descriptions look like in other people's apps?!"

They all looked at each other, gauging each other's reactions.

"I… I suppose I'm a bit curious…"

Darkness said, fidgeting a little.

I definitely couldn't let her see what my bond description with her was like.

"Ohh… I'm curious to see how much Kazuma and I progressed after all that…"

Meanwhile, Aqua flashed me a smug look, before joining Megumin in snatching my phone away from me.

"Stop! Get away from me!"

Megumin leapt forward to steal my phone, but I sent a freezing chill her way with [Freeze] and [Wind Breath].

"Gahhh! Kazuma... If you're trying this hard, there really must be some really embarrassing secrets in there about us!"

Megumin said, as she started shivering.

I pointed at her accusingly.

"If you're accusing me of that, then you must have seen something embarrassing when our bond ranked up just now, didn't you?! Oi, what did it say about me?!"

She glanced away, blushing a little.

"It's fine if you feel that way, Kazuma. We had a good moment, after all."

"Oiii! What does that thing say about me?!"

This time, it was my turn to try and snatch her phone away.

We spent the entire night trying to look at each other's phones.

Part 4

When morning came, I didn't get much sleep at all.

That was because of my fight with Vanir, and the result of the girls trying to snatch my phone away from me.

I probably only got about 2 hours of sleep in total.

"Guess I'll skip…"

I was about to take my phone out and tell my parents to call the school for me, then I remembered that there was a soccer game after school.

Aqua healed Mitsurugi, but it was too suspicious for him to return to school after only a few days.

It was likely that he'd stay home, at least for the rest of the week.

With Mitsurugi out, the team would lose two of its key players.

…Not that I considered myself a key player, but the coach certainly seemed to think so.

I felt kind of bad about skipping when Mitsurugi was still away.

"Hah…"

I sighed and prepared to go to school.

"Everyone… My dad prepared breakfast…"

Yunyun gave me a worried glance. I shook off her concern.

"It's fine. I'll just sneak away."

I had to go home to get my uniform, anyway.

"...Actually, I should get back home, too. It's nighttime in my country now, and my father will expect me for dinner."

It slipped my mind that Darkness was from a different timezone than us.

"I guess I'll walk Darkness to the dungeon first, then."

"Eh? Won't you be late for school if you do that?"

Darkness said, surprised that I offered to escort her.

Even with Vanir taken care of, Beldia was still around.

And the biggest risk here was Darkness, since she'd want to have a powerful opponent beat her up and do who knows what else to her.

"I'm worried about Darkness. It's fine if I'm a bit late."

"O-Oh, I see…"

Instead of giving some kind of perverted reply, Darkness blushed and looked down at her toes.

…Hey, my 'Charisma' was supposed to be low, right?!

Why were these girls dazzled by my off-hand statements?!

Was my popular period actually arriving?! Or better yet, it had already arrived?!

…Or maybe these girls normally scared off the guys around them, and that was why they weren't used to having a guy take care of them and pay attention to them.

That actually made way more sense.

The guys back in Darkness's home country probably avoided her like a plague.

Yunyun raised her hand and said,

"Um… I can Teleport Darkness-san and Kazuma-san to the dungeon if you want…"

"No, it's fine. You should eat breakfast and go about your day as normal, Yunyun. We already asked a lot from you."

Since I already asked her to let us stay the night and even got her to teleport us out of danger, I didn't want to rely on Yunyun. I turned to Aqua and said,

"Aqua, are you coming along? You need to go home, too…"

"I'm not passing up a free breakfast."

Somehow, I expected her to say that.

"Same here."

Megumin said, as if it wasn't obvious already.

"Try not to drink too much fluids in the morning, Megumin."

"...!"

I sent her a taunting smirk before casting [Lurk] on myself and sneaking out of the house.

After getting out of the door, I waited for Darkness to excuse herself and leave as well.

"Thanks for waiting…"

"Ah, yeah, no problem."

She was awfully meek all of a sudden.

As we were walking, Darkness said,

"Listen, Kazuma… I said some rather inappropriate things last night during the sleepover…"

That explained why she was quiet. I said,

"I heard that late night talks in sleepovers can sometimes get out of hand. Darkness doesn't need to worry about that."

"I see… I suppose Kazuma has been in lots of sleepovers…"

"No, this was my first one."

"Then how can I trust what you say?!"

She covered her face in shame.

"...Those girls probably think I'm a freak now!"

Too late to worry about that.

I placed a hand on her shoulder and said,

"Don't worry, those girls are into some pretty hardcore stuff, too."

"R-Really…?"

"Yeah… While everyone was asleep, Megumin made me watch her pee in the toilet…"

"S-She what…?!"

I nodded my head sagely.

"I was surprised, too… To think that Megumin would have such a fetish…"

"T-That's not fair…"

Darkness made a face as if she just missed out on a fun event.

"As you can see, Darkness has nothing to worry about…"

"I'm relieved…"

Actually, she has lots to worry about.

As I walked Darkness to the station, I just had an idea.

I still had Chris's panty.

Although I didn't want to get rid of them, as well as the stat bonus they gave me, I still had to finish that quest.

Giving them to Chris directly was impossible for me, though.

I turned to Darkness and said,

"Actually, Darkness… Did you know that your friend Chris is into some pretty hardcore play, too?"

"Ehh?! B-But Chris is the most pure and innocent girl I know!"

I hesitated a bit after hearing that, but I kept going.

"...There's a lot of things that even the best of friends hide from each other, Darkness. For example..."

I took out Chris's panties from my inventory and presented them to her.

"Eh? …Kazuma, is this an admission of a crime?"

It actually was.

"This are Chris's panties."

"Chris…?! Why do you have this?!"

"I'm sure you can deduce it yourself…"

"A-Ah… Chris gave Kazuma her panties to hold onto… She's into that kind of play!"

She made a lewd conclusion by herself.

"The reason why I have them doesn't matter. I can't really hold onto them any longer, so I'd appreciate it if Darkness helped me return them. Ah, just don't tell her that I asked you to give them back to her, since that will embarrass her."

"Wait… I think I remember hearing that Kazuma has some kind of [Steal] skill… Is it possible that Kazuma just stole this from Chris and is using me to return it?"

"...?!"

I just learned that while Darkness was perverted, that didn't mean that she was stupid.

"Whatever! Just return them already!"

"N-No way! What if Chris thinks that I'm the one who stole these?! It's Kazuma's fault, so you return them! I can't believe you even tried to trick me! Is that thing about Megumin a lie, too?!"

"...It's not a complete lie… She didn't make me watch her, I just watched."

"Kazuma… Your perverseness is commendable, but you really shouldn't do that to your friends! If you're going to do nasty things like that, do that to me instead!"

"Eh? The pee thing? I'm not really into that…"

"Not that specifically! But it's clear to me that Kazuma has a high libido and has all sorts of perverted ideas… Rather than have our friends suffer for it, I'll gladly take them on! For their sake, of course!"

I doubted that it was really for such a selfless reason.

"W-Why is Kazuma giving me that kind of judgmental stare? Kazuma… You might think that I'm some kind of degenerate, but what does that make you?! Here you are, trying to trick me into returning my friend's panties that you stole!"

"Fine! Whatever! I'm just as much of a freak as you! I even wore these panties to boost my dex stats!"

"..."

She hurriedly placed the panties back in my palms.

"Hold on, I didn't wear them directly. I just tied them around my arm underneath my clothing, just to get the effect of the stat boost. It's kind of like action heroes tying a kerchief around their arm to stop the bleeding…"

"Don't even compare it to what Rambo does! Kazuma, you might be even more of a pervert than me, and that's saying something!"

So she was aware of her own perverseness.

"In any case… I'm still returning the panty that I stole, right? I promise to return the favor, so just return them for me, Darkness!"

I held the panties out for her to take again.

"...Returning the favor, huh…? W-Well… I often get all kinds of outrageous quests…"

Her saying that reminded me of how she asked me to slap her last time to complete a quest.

"Think of it this way. We're just victims of this stupid app that gives impossible quests. It's not our fault. You help me with my quest to return Chris's panty and I'll help you with any difficult quest you have in the future, no matter how extreme it is."

"N-No matter how extreme…?!"

Darkness's eyes widened as she imagined the kind of things that might entail.

I may have just said something that I'd heavily regret in the future.

But I couldn't just give up now.

"...Also, Kazuma is forced to return the panty as a quest, huh? This app really is merciless… Whoever made it must be some kind of sadist…"

Considering Aqua designed this thing, that was probably true.

"A-Alright, then… I'll return these to Chris and leave Kazuma's name out of it."

"Thank you."

She accepted the panty and placed it in her inventory.

At that moment, my phone buzzed.

Darkness (Masochist Crusader), Bond Rank: 3

At Rank 3, Darkness views you as an equal when it comes to perverseness. She has vowed to protect Chris from you, as she doesn't want you to do any more perverted things to Chris. She took your offer to help her complete extreme requests in the future, and is eagerly looking forward to an erotic event. More than ever, she is looking forward to you becoming the S to her M.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Medium Armor]!

[Medium Armor], Skill Rank: 1

You are proficient in wearing Medium Armor. You no longer suffer the stealth penalty when wearing Medium Armor.

Since Darkness was a durable frontliner, it seemed that the skills I got from her bond rank-ups reflected that.

…I wasn't really looking forward to getting closer with this girl, but I could also use the armor and durability.

"Ah, our bond just ranked-up… This description… T-To think Kazuma thinks that about me…"

"...Why are you commenting on it when I'm right here?"

"M-Maybe we should show each other what it says?"

Why did these girls keep insisting on seeing each other's bond descriptions?

Couldn't they see how embarrassing that is?

"We're pretty close to the station, so let's just split ways from here. Later."

"Kazuma isn't going to walk me all the way there, huh…?"

I had enough of Darkness and went home.

Part 5

When I got home, Kazuto and my parents were already gone.

Since I was running late, I didn't have time to eat breakfast. I changed into my uniform and ran out

There was still some time until the train arrived when I reached the station. I went over to one of the stores there and quickly got myself an onigiri to eat, and some green tea to wash it down.

I managed to make it in time, although I was cutting it close.

As it was almost the end of the month, the stat rewards should come in as long as I finished the week strong.

With that in mind, I made sure to pay close attention to the lesson.

Aside from my hectic morning of running back and forth, the rest of the day went on like normal.

Then, the moment arrived.

My first game without Mitsurugi.

We all gathered by the field and the mood was solemn.

"...For the sake of Mitsurugi-kun who is watching down on us, we have to win this game."

The coach said, with a somber voice.

He's still alive, I wanted to say.

They had a backup striker take Mitsurugi's spot. Unlike Mitsurugi, he wasn't as talented. The only thing he had going for him was his height and a bit of finishing ability.

In my head, I was already thinking that we lost.

The only reason why I was successful as an attacking midfielder was due to my tandem plays with Mitsurugi.

Without an ace striker who could dominate the field, if I stood out too much, the opposing team could just focus on pressuring me.

Sure enough, as the game started, I couldn't make any aggressive plays.

My usual strategy of striking first didn't bear fruit, as the backup striker couldn't hold the ball when I lobbed it ahead to him.

With the ball easily stolen, the opposing team built up a fast counterattack.

The morale of the team was down without Mitsurugi, and the team's movements were sluggish as a result.

Eventually, the opposing team scored with the winger making an excellent dribble play and cutting just outside the penalty area for a mid-ranged shot.

It didn't help that the team we were facing had more history and prestige than our school, as their school was more focused on athletics while ours was a university prep school.

They maintained the 1-0 lead by halftime.

"This isn't how we normally move! Where's the pressing?! Even if they have the ball, we should be pressing to get the ball back!"

The coach was more animated and loud than usual.

"Satou-kun, I want more aggressive plays from you in the second half!"

That was easier said than done.

In the second half, we tried to build up momentum through the midfield, but the other team was pressing well.

I was forced to make passive passes to the holding midfielders, as I couldn't see any good passing options to advance the ball.

"I'm open!"

Meanwhile, the opposing team was moving and communicating well, even though they had a lead.

…I got an idea after watching them.

I spent the next 15 minutes carefully observing their plays and their communication.

During that time, we lost possession of the ball and the other team was building up an attack.

"I'm open!"

Just like before, they passed the ball to the open man.

"...?!"

With their trust in their teammates, they passed the ball without hesitation to the familiar voice.

Except that was just me imitating their voice with [Versatile Entertainer].

Since I needed to spend 15 minutes observing their voices, I had to spend that time carefully observing them.

I stole the ball and quickly pushed it up for a counterattack.

This dirty tactic only worked because they were an elite, organized team who didn't even need to look to who they were passing to.

They had trust in each other and could execute no-look passess with perfect accuracy, as long as they heard their teammate's voice.

"E-Eh?! I thought you called for it…?!"

"I wasn't even in that area! Where were you looking?!"

Ah, look at them fight.

As they rushed to collapse on me, I lobbed it over to the right winger who started sprinting as soon as I got the ball.

With everyone's attention turning to the fast winger, I used [Lurk] on myself.

The winger advanced the ball quickly and waited to cross it to whoever made it to the penalty area.

Our backup striker eventually made it over with his long strides.

"Mark the striker!"

The other team exclaimed this instruction.

The defenders quickly collapsed on the backup striker.

…Except the one who gave that instruction was me again.

Being careful not to go offside, remembering my finishing training with Mitsurugi…

I dropped [Lurk] and raised my hand to the winger.

"...!"

As soon as I dropped [Lurk], he saw me and crossed the ball over.

"...?! How is he that open?!"

Even though my finishing wasn't perfect yet, it was more than enough to do the job with the amount of space I had.

I easily controlled the ball and shot it at the open space in the net.

The goalie was focused on the striker and couldn't dive in time to save it.

"Whoa! You can score goals, too, Satou?!"

My teammates rushed up to celebrate my goal.

I got my first career goal…

Well, I had to cheat a lot for it.

Part 6

After my goal, the opposing team sharpened up to my cheap trick and didn't rely on just their voices anymore.

They were a lot more cautious when passing, but that meant that I couldn't fool them like I did before.

Still, with their cautious play, their gameplan of quick, no-look passes was disrupted and they couldn't score for the rest of the game.

The game ended 1-1.

Since it was only a regulation game, there wasn't any penalty shootout. The game ended in a draw.

"Ah… That sucks. It was only a draw even though Satou scored a goal…"

For some reason, my teammates were unhappy with the result.

Even though realistically, that game should have been a lot more lopsided, since we were against a very good team without our star player.

"Senpai! I saw your goal! That was so cool!"

I didn't know that Rin was watching. She surprised me by running down the stands and greeting me while I headed to the changing room.

Having a cute girl cheer on my goal…

This is the true normie experience!

"Ah… Thanks, Rin…"

"Hehe… You really do look cool in that jersey, senpai. Maybe you'll let me wear it one day?"

I was such a freaking normie at that moment that I almost hated myself.

"O-Oh… Sure…"

"Ehe… Why are you blushing, senpai! You'll make me embarrassed, too…"

"Tch…"

I saw some envious guys watching our interaction and showing their distaste for our flirting.

…I understood their pain and their jealousy.

As I was in their place not that long ago, I understood full well that I was a normie who deserved to die a horrible, explosive death.

They gave me confused looks when I gave them a look of understanding.

…

…

After chatting with Rin for a bit, I headed over to my part-time job.

I was tired from everything that was going on, but I also couldn't pass up the chance to make more money.

"Good work today."

Your 'Willpower' and 'Bravery' increased by +1!

After receiving the money, I took out my phone and saw that I had a new notification.

Quest Completed! You gave Chris her panty back! Well, sort of! I guess it counts?! Quest Rewards: +2 Speed, +2 Bravery

It seems the system was confused about whether to give me a reward for that or not.

As I was about to head home, I noticed a familiar face enter the store.

With messy blond hair and a dirty appearance, it was Dust, the guy who introduced me to the Succubus Shop.

I tried to avoid eye contact with him, but he noticed me.

"Ohh…! Kazuma! It's me, it's me!"

Saying something that a scam artist would say, he approached me.

"Ahaha… What's up, Dust?"

He wrapped his arm around my shoulder in an overly friendly way.

He stinks! When was the last time he had a bath?!

"Ah… Nothing much! Oh, do you work here, Kazuma?"

He noticed the apron and nametag I had on.

I should have taken it off as soon as my shift ended.

"Only part-time… Haha…"

"I see, I see… Do you think you can treat your friend to a meal? I'm really hungry…"

Here it is.

While I didn't mind giving a discount to someone who introduced me to the wonderful services of the Succubus Shop, I suspected that Dust was the kind of guy who would keep leeching from people who did him favors.

With that said, I didn't want to cause a scene, especially since my employer was watching.

"Ohh! Kazuma, you're the best!"

That was how I ended up treating him to a bowl of instant ramen.

Since I was hungry myself, I also ordered a bowl. Using the hot water dispenser, we cooked the ramen and dug in.

A bowl of instant ramen after a long day improved my mood.

"Ah… That was good! I wouldn't mind seconds…"

This guy was really testing my generosity.

"I-I was just joking! Thanks for the treat!"

He immediately backed off once he sensed my impatience.

"Oh, since Kazuma treated me, I'll give you some information."

"Hm? What kind of information? Is there another kind of lewd shop around?"

"...Is that all you think I'm good for? Information about lewd establishments?"

Did I even need to respond to that?

"It's about something else. I saw an invader from the other world, a really scary one! From the way he looks, I think he's Beldia, the Dullahan…"

"You know about Beldia?"

"Yeah. I came from the other world, after all."

"...Say what again?"

He just gave me this revelation out of nowhere.

He nodded and took out the adventurer card that he showed me last time.

"Yeah, that's why I don't have that app you people use. This is the adventurer card from my world. The way I learn skills is different from you."

I tried to look at his card some more, but he placed it back in his pocket before I could take a good look.

"I see… How did Dust end up in this world?"

"Well… A few months ago, the Demon King army opened a portal from their world to this world. I just happened to be there and I happened to slip through."

He shrugged, as if to say it wasn't a big deal.

"That's… Well, I'm sorry that happened to you."

"Oh, no. It was actually the best thing that could have ever happened to me. I owed a lot of debt in the other world, so I was happy to escape! Ah… But I'm starting to owe a lot of debt in this world, too…"

This guy is definitely trouble.

While I was interested to hear what the other world was like, I also wanted to know more about Beldia, I asked,

"Where did you last see Beldia?"

"I saw him picking a fight with people like you, app-users, I mean. I didn't want anything to do with that, so I just ran away."

"Eh? Why didn't you help?"

"Huh? What's that gotta do with me?"

This guy is worthless.

I sighed and said,

"How about this? If you help someone that Beldia is picking a fight with next time, I'll give you some money…"

"For real?!"

He got excited at the mention of money.

"I'll also pay you if you have more information about him."

"You got a deal, Kazuma! You're a really good guy, you know?!"

He started shaking my hand profusely.

Your bond with Dust has deepened!

Dust (The Blond Delinquent), Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, Dust will gather information on Beldia for you and help other app-users if they are in trouble… As long as you pay enough money! Dust views you as someone with deep pockets who he can follow around and receive money from. Be careful about being seen with him in public, as he owes the yakuza a fair bit of debt.

Bond Rewards: +5 Dexterity

Y-Yakuza…?

Yeah, I should really stay away from this troublesome guy.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, JOJOBRN, kinggamerlite29 and 458 others
BoringBone
Sep 15, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 14: Discovering The Origins of this App!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#289
Chapter 14: Discovering The Origins of this App!

Part 1

After dealing with Dust, I headed back home.

"Kazuma, did you get me anything from work?"

Aqua said, looking up from her usual spot on the couch.

After she got home from Yunyun's place, this girl probably didn't move an inch from the couch, sitting down and watching TV all day.

What a lazy bum…

"Next time, text me if you want me to get you something."

"You should buy me stuff even without me having to tell you!"

How demanding.

"...And here I was thinking I'd reward Kazuma tonight."

"I'll run back to the store now."

"I was just joking. Don't actually run out."

Aqua stopped me as I was about to head out the door.

"You were joking about the reward, or…?"

"Kazuma, you're kind of simple minded at times, aren't you?"

When it comes to lewd things, all guys become like that.

While I wanted nothing more than to just fool around with Aqua right away, I still had to bathe and do my homework.

The only part I missed about my NEET days was the lack of routines I had to keep, just to live normally.

I didn't even need to bathe everyday back then.

Sometimes, I didn't even have to leave my room, as a tray of food would magically appear outside my door.

Not to mention the gamer bottles I used during long raids.

...I sure had a dark past.

After getting out of the bath, I headed to my room and started to do my homework.

It took me a few hours to complete. When I was done, I went to my bed and laid down, scrolling on my phone to look at any interesting news.

That was when I saw some people in forums posting sightings of Beldia.

A real dullahan spotted in real life! This is nuts!

Huh? It's obvious this is photoshop. It's not even that good. I can do a better job in five minutes.

…No, I think this is real. The government is just trying to cover it up, but they can't hide the SCPs forever!

It seems that with Beldia moving around, even the public was starting to catch on.

I hoped that this didn't become any more complicated than it needed to be…

While concerned about normal people spotting Beldia, Aqua opened my door and came in.

"Sup."

She had taken a bath as well and was wearing a loose shirt and some short shorts.

With the temperature getting hotter, she had taken to wearing looser clothing and shorts.

I approve of this look.

Even though this wasn't the first time she came to my room to fool around, I couldn't help but feel my heart race in my chest.

At the risk of sounding like a broken record, I was a NEET just a mere month ago.

Things like having a hot girl come to my bed to make out with me every night seemed like a ridiculous concept I'd find in some porno.

And yet it was reality…

"Kazuma… You always make a face like you're in shock whenever I visit you at night… Well, not like I can blame you! Why don't you join the Axis-cult already? I can give you a high-ranking position if you join! You'll have to worship me 24/7, of course!"

"I refuse."

"Che…"

There must be something wrong with me, because even our usual arguments didn't irritate me as much as it used to.

It was fun, bantering with Aqua, even if most of our conversations didn't go anywhere or accomplish anything.

She joined me on the bed, sneering as she drew close, her face inches from mine.

Our lips drawing close to each other, they met in a soft, lingering kiss.

"...? Kazuma, you made sure to take a bath, right?"

"Eh? Ah, yeah…"

"Are you sure…? There's kind of a lingering smell… Wait, doesn't this smell like the devil from before?"

With our close proximity, Aqua started sniffing me.

"...Hmm… Must be my imagination."

I sighed in relief. It was a good thing Aqua didn't smell me this morning, or the smell would have been stronger.

I had to be careful the next time I met up with Vanir…

Or visited the Succubus Shop.

Eager to change the subject, I grinned and said,

"Was Aqua just looking for an excuse to smell me?"

"We use the same products, so we smell the same. What's the point of doing that?"

How unromantic.

Well, we were just doing this for fun, anyway.

…If Aqua and I actually started dating, did that mean that we'd have to act like couples?

Complimenting each other and constantly flirting…

Well, I suppose we already did a bit of that, but not to the extent that couples did.

She leaned in for another kiss, which I happily reciprocated.

I figured that the action would slow down compared to previous times, but our kissing started to pick up pace as we got into it.

A flurry of quick kisses soon turned to deep ones, as our tongues lapped over each other's, fighting for supremacy.

It always turns into a competition, even when it comes to making out. Aqua let out an annoyed grunt when I managed to wrestle her tongue down with mine, as I gripped her shoulders.

She fought back, putting her hands on my chest and pushing as her tongue slipped back up, pressing my tongue down.

This back and forth continued, until I felt a weight on my lap.

Somehow, Aqua ended up straddling my lap.

I shuddered, feeling her heat and weight dangerously near a particularly dangerous area.

…And of course, this son of mine was excited by all this, hardening up from the close proximity.

She leaned back, watching my expression with a coy grin.

I couldn't help but glance away.

"...Kazuma's kinda cute. Kinda."

"You didn't have to say 'kinda' twice."

"You can touch me a little bit more, you know?"

Her husky voice close to my ears startled me.

I weakly nodded and brought my hands down from her shoulders, feeling her torso through her loose shirt.

She let out a low hum as I ran my hands along her body, even going down to her waist.

I hesitated for a moment, until I let my hands go down even more.

Until I started to feel the beginnings of her butt.

I waited for her to complain, but she didn't. Instead, she kissed me again, letting her tongue slip past my lips once more.

Taking that as permission, I let my hands drift down her butt, feeling it up through her shorts.

At first, I caressed them softly, feeling their shape, not knowing how much I could actually do. When she didn't complain, I started gently cupping her bum, feeling more of their shape.

With her on my lap, straddling me, I was making out with Aqua while groping her ass.

…At this point, I was hard as hell.

It was actually almost uncomfortable, how stiff I felt in my own shorts.

I almost wanted her to grind against me, even if it was just a little bit, but I didn't know how to bring it up.

When we finished, she left the room to go back to her own…

I took out a bottle of lotion and a tissue box and went to work.

Part 2

The next morning, as I was leaving my house…

"It is I… Vanir…!"

A suspicious guy in a mask, wearing a tuxedo, was waiting for me outside my house.

"Oi… Don't wait for me outside my house. Aqua might find you."

"Ah… That goddess… Hmm… Speaking of that goddess, it seems you have quite an interesting relationship with her…"

"Stop reading my mind!"

He followed me when I led him away from the house.

I wasn't going to underestimate Aqua's sharp nose this time.

"So? What did you want?"

I asked Vanir, as he was following me.

"The plan to infiltrate the dungeon, I want to do that today."

While Vanir was confident that he could take on the dungeon, he still needed my help to infiltrate it, as only app-users could get in.

"I must say, your plan to have me enter the dungeon is quite creative, boy…"

"I told you to stop reading my mind."

Since Vanir could read my mind, he already knew about my plan on how to get him inside.

"Say… Can Vanir really take on that dungeon? It's created by the goddesses, after all."

"That's why I'm confident I can take it on. Goddesses normally can't interfere too much with the mortal realm, and even if they're naughty rule breakers, they won't have their full power if they walk among the mortals. I would still say that Liches and high-level Arch-Wizards are more of a threat than any goddesses that might guard that dungeon…"

"...I'm pretty sure that the goddess I have in my house is at full-power, though. Or close to it, at least."

"Your goddess is useless."

"Can't argue with that."

Vanir didn't view Aqua as a threat at all.

"By the way, Vanir, where are you staying right now?"

"Oh? Are you worried about my well-being?"

"You already know I don't."

"...What a rude child. I am currently staying at the place where my colleague works… The one I mentioned before."

"Eh? Where is it?"

"I believe you've already met her."

I immediately made the connection. He was talking about Wiz.

"Wait… If Vanir is acquainted with a Lich, can't you just have her build a dungeon?"

"...Aside from tremendous amounts of mana required, one also needs expensive materials to cast the [Create Dungeon] spell. Need I say more?"

"Ah, I get it."

In other words, Wiz was too broke.

And apparently, Vanir was too.

"How much do you need, anyway?"

"In your country's currency… I'd say 50,000,000,000 yen… Wait, where are you going?"

"...Ah, sorry. I instinctively felt like running away from you."

What a scary amount.

When I slowed my pace down, Vanir caught up to me with his long strides. He said,

"Ah… I didn't bring this up yet, but this is quite important…"

"What is it?"

"Aside from my mind reading powers, I can also see the future…"

"That's way too important to not mention!"

I turned around and looked at Vanir in shock.

"Wait… So how were you not able to read my moves in our fight?"

Was he really just messing around?

"The future isn't linear. There are many paths and outcomes. There are even other worlds that exist away from ours, which form the infinite multiverse…"

"...Can you not confirm the multiverse theory so casually to me?"

I was just on my way to school, and this all-seeing devil was nonchalantly unravelling the secrets of the universe to me.

"Aren't you interested to hear this? I figured you humans would show more interest…"

"Well, I guess I am interested. So, what separates our universe from the other ones?"

"For one thing, in this universe, I don't use a distinct speech pattern where I regularly say things like 'moi' and 'thou'..."

"What a minor difference!"

"Also, in the other universes, there's no such thing as the dungeon and app system in your world. The Demon King is soundly defeated in the other world, and the Demon King army never discovers how to create portals that connect to your world."

"Start with that first…"

"...And the one to defeat the Demon King is a party led by you, a hero who died in this world and reincarnated in the other world…"

"...Start with that first!"

I was getting tired of this devil dropping these bombshells on me out of nowhere. I said,

"You're telling me that in another universe, I reincarnated to another world and defeated the Demon King?"

"Indeed! And your party mates are that useless goddess of water you secretly make out with, the haughty Crimson Demon girl who is obsessed with Explosion magic, and that perverted Crusader who has masochistic tendencies…"

Those girls follow me around even in another universe, huh?

"...I'm actually some badass hero who is already predetermined to beat the Demon King?"

"You're not predetermined to do anything. That's not how this works. If you just continue to flirt with girls and do nothing else, you won't accomplish anything."

That ability of his to read my mind was really pissing me off.

"...If you know this much, then just tell me what to do from here on out. You don't want the Demon King to actually wipe out humanity, right? You want to use humanity to feed on their negative emotions…"

"Ehe… W-Well, ideally I'd like that…"

Why was he acting shy all of a sudden?

"As for me telling you what happens in the future, boy, I can't do that."

"You want money, or something?"

"...I do want money, but that's not the point. It has more to do with the fact that telling you what will happen in the future will make it so that the outcome will change anyway. The most I can give you is some vague hints about what to do, to guide you along."

"Wait… Isn't telling me all this going to change the future a lot? I mean, if I know that other versions of me in the multiverse have defeated the Demon King…"

"I didn't tell you how or when you'll defeat the Demon King, so nothing will change. Besides, there are many people who have the potential to save the world, not just you. There's infinite possibilities, after all…"

That made sense, in a way.

"...Aside from that, what other worlds are out there? I'm curious to know what my counterparts got up to."

"Hmm… Well, there's one where you defeated the Demon King faster than expected."

"Oh! I must have lived a leisurely life after I did that, huh?"

"No, actually, that just made things way more complicated than it had to be."

I can't catch a break even in worlds where I win, huh?

"...B-By the way, Vanir… Do I end up with any of the girls in the other worlds?"

"Telling you that will change the future too much…"

"Oh, come on… It won't hurt, right? Ah, just tell me which girl I end up with the most in other worlds…"

"That would have to be the explosive brat."

"Eh? Seriously?"

Megumin is really the girl that I end up with in most worlds?

"In fact, it's very rare for you to actually end up with that goddess... This world truly is an anomaly... Other versions of you would find the mere thought revolting."

"Is that so..."

"Another difference is that it seems that this version of you is mere 'open', I guess we can say, to the idea of having multiple lovers. In other universes, you are the type who only sticks to one girl. And that is usually the explosion girl..."

Now that I thought about it, I really did have the belief, once, that it was better to be faithful to one girl instead of chasing after multiple girls.

And if Megumin usually ended up being my lover in the other universes...

"Ah…! The future is changing! Maybe I should delete your memories…"

"[Escape]."

I ran away before I could find out what Vanir meant by that.

Part 3

During class, I overheard my classmates talking.

"Did you see that thing on the internet? You think it's real?"

"Come on, man. It's obviously a hoax. I mean, a Dullahan walking around? What is this, some kinda video game?"

"I mean, it looked real…"

"That's just photoshop. You know, like how they make certain idol's tits look bigger than they actually are."

"I told you, Erika-chan's tits aren't fake! I refuse to believe it!"

The guys in my class started having a meaningless conversation after talking about Beldia.

With the images going around, a lot of rumors were beginning to spread.

Of course, no one actually believed that there was a Dullahan in Japan, but if Beldia continued to make more appearances in public…

There was even a chance that the government could get involved.

As much as possible, I didn't want the Japanese government to find out.

After all, based on all the kaiju movies I saw, the military would probably take some kind of drastic action without knowing all of the facts.

They wouldn't believe that modern weaponry couldn't harm otherworlders, because the reason for it was too ridiculous and farfetched. They'd start launching warheads at the threats from the other world in a show of bravado.

And when that didn't work, the rest of the world would declare that they'll nuke Japan to oblivion in order to prevent the Demon King army from invading the rest of the world…

That's the kind of scenario that always plays out in the movies.

Although, in terms of means to deal with the otherworlders with modern weaponry...

There was an obvious solution to that, a work around, if you will. Not like I'd tell anyone, considering the consequences.

Maybe I'd consider it as an emergency resort.

After classes, I went to soccer practice again.

Without Mitsurugi, I couldn't really practice properly, since he was always the one training me.

I didn't get any stat boosts from the practice this time.

When practice was over, I quickly changed and headed over to the dungeon entrance.

Vanir was waiting by the entrance, getting lots of looks from passersby.

Not only was he tall, but he was even wearing that weird mask.

"...You're attracting too much attention."

"I don't mind at all! Rather, the feelings of shame when I catch someone staring too much at me is delicious! Ah, that girl over there is trying to sneak a picture of me…"

The girl in question blushed, bowed in apology and ran away in shame. Vanir laughed at that. I said,

"Seems you're having a lot of fun."

"Yes, but we still have business to take care of. We must enter the dungeon!"

I nodded and began to enact my plan to get Vanir inside.

"...Let's do this where people won't see you dissolve your body."

"I don't mind people seeing me disrobe…"

"Well, I mind!"

I led Vanir out to a corner with some privacy.

Once we were alone, he started to dissolve his own body, which was actually just made out of dirt.

All that was left was the mask.

"Don't turn my mask over... That's my real, naked self, after all..."

"Hah? Why would I care about seeing the back of some mask?"

"...Now I'm kind of annoyed that you don't care about my naked self. Turn the mask over, boy!"

"I said I'm not interested! You're a guy, anyway!"

"Oh, my... Even though you view the succubi as attractive creatures, you don't find me attractive?"

"...There's a clear difference."

"Not at all! Devils are genderless! I only take the form of a man because of a preference! If I wanted to, I can take a form that you desire..."

"Even if you took on the form of a 10/10 supermodel with big tits, you're still just a bunch of dirt and mud. I wouldn't care either way."

"Well, my real form is my mask, anyway."

"And I really don't care about that at all!"

Getting tired of Vanir, I hurried up with my plan to sneak his body inside.

I took out my phone and placed the mask in my inventory.

Thankfully, the app recognized the mask as an 'item'.

Then I headed over to the dungeon entrance again and opened the door.

I entered like normal.

Once I was inside, I took out Vanir's mask from the inventory.

He began to form his body again, using the dirt in the dungeon. He said,

"It seems like your plan worked, boy."

With his body fully-formed, he looked around at the dungeon.

"...I did this for you and all, but is Vanir actually capable of conquering this dungeon? Isn't there some insanely strong monsters at the high level areas?"

"It might be strong for humans like you, but a monster is still a monster. As long as I can read their mind, I can easily predict their actions. Intelligent beings like humans and Liches are more difficult to predict, which is why I couldn't just easily conquer a dungeon in the other world. There is also a matter of respecting the dungeon masters... Even a devil such as myself is capable of respecting a master of their craft..."

It seemed that mind reading and clairvoyance was only useful if you could completely predict someone's actions, due to the infinite nature of probability.

Also, I didn't really know if I believed Vanir's words about respect the owners of those dungeons. In fact... I didn't know if he was telling the truth at all. I just took everything he was saying with a grain of salt.

"Alright, well then, lead the way, Vanir."

I went and equipped my gear while gesturing for Vanir to lead the way.

"...I know what you're planning, boy. I will not let you accompany me and take all the kills, so you can gain levels without having to do any work."

"Huh? Why not? As powerful as you are, don't tell me you actually need the experience points from goblins and the like…"

I was planning to have Vanir help me powerlevel as he cleared this dungeon, but he was resistant to that idea. He said,

"Like I told you before, you have a chance to defeat the Demon King. In order to do so, you need to properly learn how to fight and gain skills the natural way…"

"No, that's bullshit. Just give me a shortcut to power now."

He sighed and said,

"...Even if you gain levels, you'll just get cocky at your own power and die a stupid death. You are effective in battle because you understand your own weaknesses and you maximize your strengths. Perhaps I will help you one day, but you still need real combat experience now."

What he said made sense, in a way. Even if a newbie joins up with a veteran in an MMO and gets power leveled, once that newbie is on their own, they wouldn't know what to do and lose to weaker enemies despite having a high level.

"Fine, I get it."

"Besides, a level 5 Adventurer would just slow me down…"

"So that's the real reason!"

With a hearty laugh, Vanir started walking away, fully intent on ditching me.

As I watched him leave, I noticed a notification on my phone.

You established a bond with the Masked Devil, Vanir!

Vanir (Masked Devil), Bond Rank: 1

At Rank 1, Vanir will willingly exploit you for his own ends. He sees you as a useful pawn to further his goals. This devil is not to be trusted! This app does not approve of this bond! Please break ties with him immediately!

Was Aqua actually controlling this app?!

…Or maybe since she was the one who designed it, there was some kind of AI or program that acted like her, who was facilitating the whole thing.

I decided to ask her when I got home.

Part 4

"Hm? You mean Appuri-chan?"

This was what Aqua said when I got home and asked her about the app.

"...It actually has a name?"

I did recall Aqua calling it that some time ago.

"Do you remember the chibi version of me that plays on the loading screen? That's Appuri-chan."

I thought it was just a mascot.

"So, what is this thing exactly? And how did a dummy like you design this thing?"

"What'd you say?! You think I'm actually an idiot, huh?! Well, I'll have you know that I was able to replicate this technology perfectly from an advanced ancient civilization from the other world!"

"You just plagiarized it?!"

I should have known that Aqua didn't code this thing by herself.

"...It wasn't easy figuring out how to copy-paste the code, you know? The usual right click method didn't help… But it turns out that you can manually copy-paste things using Ctrl-C and Ctrl-V. Heh… I'm a tech genius, aren't I?"

"Let's apologize to the original developer right now."

To this developer who had their entire work copy-pasted by Aqua, I wanted to make proper amends.

"...Even if I wanted to, I can't. I said it was from an ancient civilization, didn't I? They're long gone by now."

"What kind of civilization was it?"

"It was called Norse, and they created a bunch of interesting stuff. They even made this mechanized weapon called a Mobile-Fortress Destroyer…"

"Ohh… The other world has a lot of interesting technology!"

"Well, that's only because of a reincarnated Japanese person I sent there… But he screwed up so bad that the higher ups forbade me from sending more reincarnates! But that's the exact reason why the Demon King was able to take over that world! They should have just listened to me!"

Even though it was her screw up that forced the higher ups to make that decision?

"So this Appuri-chan… What is it?"

"She's an AI, I guess? I don't really know."

I was an idiot to believe that she was actually the creator of such an advanced program.

She went on to say,

"All I know is that she didn't really have much of a personality at the start, but the more I interacted with her, the more she started to copy my personality."

That explained why the app's messages were sometimes incredibly insulting.

"So you can actually interact with this Appuri-chan?"

"Yup! There's a bypass action that lets you interact with her. It's disabled for most devices since Appuri-chan can't talk to that many people at once."

"Ah… Some kind of processing limit?"

"She's shy."

What a troublesome AI.

Since I was curious, I had Aqua put in the bypass code.

"So all you need to do is go to developer mode… Then type in this line over here… 'Aqua is super mega awesome'."

"You type it."

"No, Kazuma has to be the one to type it."

I sighed and typed the code in.

"Hehe… I was just joking. The real code is 45510."

"Stop messing with me already!"

I typed in the code while Aqua chuckled at my expense.

When I typed in the code…

The chibi Aqua from the loading screen suddenly appeared on the screen. Aqua smiled and said,

"Hey, Appuri-chan! What's up?"

The chibi Aqua blinked twice and smiled,

"Ohh! Mama! Hm? How come I'm not talking to you on your phone?"

"Kazuma over here was curious about you…"

"I see… The Shitty-NEET wants to talk to me, huh?"

As expected of an AI patterned after Aqua.

"Oww! Wait, why are you pulling my hair, Kazuma?!"

"...I can't hurt the AI, so I might as well punish its 'creator'."

Once I was done punishing Aqua, I looked at this Appuri-chan and said,

"So… You're the one who's been insulting me all this time, huh?"

"Hehe… Thanks!"

"It wasn't a compliment."

Showing animated movements, the chibi Aqua on the screen almost seemed lifelike.

Whoever actually developed this technology would have become a god amongst otaku.

After all, the ability to make waifus come to life is the philosopher's stone equivalent for otaku.

"Now that I'm active in the shitty NEET's app, should I activate voice control?"

"Hm? Voice control?"

"Yup! Normally, you have to press the buttons on the screen to access the app, right? But since I'm active now, I can hear and carry out your commands directly…"

"I see. That does sound useful."

"Ah, but I can't come out of the screen and do anything lewd for you, so let's both save ourselves from the embarrassment of you asking."

I wasn't even thinking about it. I said,

"Do you have any other useful features, Appuri-chan?"

"Hmm… Well, I can customize the app to an extent based on your preferences… Oh, I can also tell you what the weather is like outside, and I can even give you the news…"

Should we just change her name to Siri?

After hearing about the features Appuri-chan can provide, I closed the app and put the phone away.

"Fufun… Isn't my Appuri-chan helpful?"

Aqua said, seemingly proud of her 'creation'.

"...It was calling you 'mama'... Is there anything I should be worried about?"

"Hah? Obviously because I'm the one who designed her! You think I actually have kids or something?!"

"Considering how easy it is to trick Aqua…"

"I can't believe you just said that! Jerk!"

"Gah!"

She shoved me away and left my room.

Once Aqua left my room, I heard Appuri-chan's voice through the phone speaker.

"Careful, Shitty-NEET! If you do things to anger your bond companions, your bond-rank with them will decrease!"

…This voice feature might get annoying.

Part 5

With Aqua stonewalling me for the night, I had to find a way to get my fun somewhere else.

It had been a while since my last visit, so I decided to go to the Succubus Shop.

"Tsk, tsk… Mama will not like it if I tell her about this…"

I was already starting to regret activating this Appuri-chan.

"Listen, you're supposed to assist me. Not your mama. Me. And unlike your mama, I actually know a thing or two when it comes to programming, so I can erase you whenever I want!"

"...! Since you're a NEET who spent all that time with a computer, your threat is actually scary?! I'm sorry, I'll behave! Wait, why did your 'Cunning' just increase by +1…? Oi! You tried to trick me!"

Since it could see my stat increases, it could tell that I was lying. I said,

"In any case, it's not a good idea to cross me, so keep the fact that I'm here a secret from your mama!"

While I was yelling at my phone and saying these things aloud in the red-light district, I got a bunch of bad looks from the women who heard me.

"Having a daughter at that age..."

"And making her complicit in his secret affairs..."

"He's an enemy of all women!"

I made a quick getaway from that place.

After I got Appuri-chan to behave, I entered the Succubus Store.

Dust wasn't there this time, likely because he couldn't afford to visit often.

Even though the ticket was only 1,000 yen.

"Welcome to the Succubus Shop! Ah, it's Kazuma-san! Your personal succubus will meet with you shortly!"

Due to the debacle last time, they assigned Rorisa as my personal succubus.

I have a personal succubus, huh?

…That sounds really erotic.

They led me to the same break room as last time as I waited for Rorisa.

After a few minutes of waiting, the door opened and Rorisa came in.

"Sorry to keep you waiting! I'm glad to see you again, Kazuma-san!"

She smiled happily upon seeing me and entered the room.

Even though she's a devil, Rorisa is a friendly and wholesome girl.

"I did promise to visit again! So, about tonight's request…"

"Ah, please fill in this request sheet!"

As I took the request sheet, I thought about what to order.

A popular idol? An actress or a beautiful weather reporter? Maybe even a seasonal waifu bait… There were so many options.

While I was thinking about what to request, I heard a commotion outside.

"Kyaa~?! Vanir-sama?! Is that the real Vanir-sama?!"

I heard that name again, in a place I didn't expect.

I ignored the commotion and wrote down the name of an idol named Lia on the request sheet, but as I was about to hand it over to Rorisa…

"...?! Vanir-sama?! The real Vanir-sama is here?! Sorry, Kazuma-san… I need to go!"

"Eh?! What about my request for an idol?!"

Rorisa ignored me and rushed out of the room.

I should have taken care of that masked freak when I had a chance…!

After leaving the room, I saw all the succubi gathering around Vanir.

"Moihahaha! It is I, the Arch-Duke Vanir! If you all want a signed picture of my real body… I will only charge you for the low price of 3,000 yen!"

This guy was already making moves, huh?

What an expensive price for such a lousy picture!

I noticed that a lot of customers were abandoned as the succubi left their post to go over to Vanir. I went over to them and said,

"Oi… You're disrupting business here!"

"Ah… If it isn't the boy who went to this place, because he couldn't get any action from that goddess playmate of his… The negative emotions coming out of you and the rest of the disappointed customers are truly a treat!"

So this was the real reason why he did this?

"Aren't you supposed to be conquering the dungeon? Don't tell me that you've already managed to conquer it…"

"...Well, there's a minor inconvenience. I came across a rather annoying individual who recognized that I was a Devil. She might be a goddess if she noticed my devilish aura…"

"Eh? But Aqua doesn't leave the house on her own."

"I'm not talking about that unreliable goddess that watches TV all day in your house. It's another one…"

There was another goddess that's walking around outside of the heavenly realm?

Was it that Wolbach that Megumin was talking about?

"What did this goddess look like?"

"...She was wearing a mask, but she had silver hair. She also fought like a thief."

A thief with silver hair?

I knew someone like that, but there was no way that she was a goddess. I said,

"Hold on, you said that you were confident that you could take on a goddess if they have a human body, since that'll mean that they're weaker than their true form…"

"That's true, but it seems that this particular goddess lucked upon a very rare magic dagger that is very effective against undead, demons and devils like myself… That is why she's a hindrance."

"...And is that why you're out here scamming these succubi?"

Since he couldn't conquer the dungeon as easily as he expected, he came over here to gather funds to build a dungeon himself.

"Indeed! Although, it's not a scam at all! It really is a picture of my real body! Do you want to buy a copy?"

"Hell no. We already went over this."

While the succubi were forming a line, I noticed Rorisa in the line. I went over and said,

"Oi, is this guy really such a big shot that you're all fangirling over him?"

She nodded her head enthusiastically and said,

"All of us lesser devils adore Vanir-sama, who is an Arch-Duke back in Hell! Getting an opportunity to see Vanir-sama's real body is a treat for us!"

He's like a celebrity for lesser devils, then.

"...Um, about Kazuma-san's appointment… I'm sorry! Please let me reschedule it for another time!"

I was a bit annoyed that I couldn't get the dream service, but I couldn't get mad if she gave such a genuine apology.

"It's fine, it's fine. Go ahead and have fun…"

"...! Thank you for understanding!"

I smiled at Rorisa and left the store, as the succubi continued to give praise to Vanir.

Even though he was just an annoying masked bastard…

"Shitty-NEET! Your bond with that evil succubus just increased! I should really tell mama about this! You cheater!"

"I'm not cheating! I'm not even dating your mama, anyway!"

"...Why not? My mama is such a catch, you know? Anyway, here is the update to your bond status!"

Rorisa (Rookie Succubus), Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, Rorisa will see you as an understanding customer who allowed her to meet her idol, the Arch-Duke Vanir. Unlike the other customers who she only serves out of obligation, she's beginning to see you as a customer she looks forward to seeing. Treating her nicely when you come over will increase your bond with her.

Bond Reward: +5 Charisma

As expected of a succubus, she gave me an increase in 'Charisma'.

…That was even more incentive for me to visit the Succubus Shop.

Part 6

With the night coming to a fruitless end, I went back home.

After going to sleep after I got blue balled, I woke up the next morning with an insane morning wood.

"Shit…!"

After experiencing some post-nut clarity, I thought about whether I should go to school or not.

Going to school on a Saturday when I had the option to take a day off…

The only reason I'd go is to get that limited-time sandwich.

The one that gave an EXP bonus for an hour, and also sold for 10,000 yen…

"Hah…"

Even though I didn't want to, I forced myself to get out of bed.

On my way to school, Rin walked over to me when she saw me.

"Oh, senpai! You're coming to school on Saturday again! Is your health improving?"

"Ah… Something like that."

"That's good, but don't force yourself, senpai…"

Since I used the excuse of my poor health to skip school, Rin got worried for no reason.

Feeling a bit guilty, I said,

"So, we're going swimming tomorrow, right?"

"Yup! I'm really looking forward to it! I went ahead and bought a new swimsuit like I said…"

A girl buying a new swimsuit just for a pool date with me…

"Eh? Senpai… Why are you tearing up?!"

I got so moved that I almost cried.

After parting ways with Rin, I headed over to class.

Since it was the last class of the month, I made sure to pay more attention than usual since I wanted that bonus…

During the break, I went to the cafeteria right away for that sandwich.

On the way there…

"Congratulations, Shitty-Neet! You somehow survived an entire month studying instead of playing video games all day! As a reward, your 'Intelligence' and 'Willpower' has increased by +5!"

It wasn't bad but…

Was it really worth the wait for the +5 bonus?!

"Oi, Appuri-chan… Can't you give me more than that?"

"...Maybe if you stopped skipping classes, the end of month reward for studying will increase!"

So it was like that.

I thought that I was doing well, but it seemed that I was still cutting corners in the end.

"Hah… So are you telling me if I work hard, my abilities will increase a lot?"

"Have you finally figured out how life works, Shitty-NEET?"

This AI brat…!

I had to deal with Aqua's snarkiness at home, and I also had a little pocket Aqua insulting me throughout the day?!

I really should just disable this feature!

"If the Shitty-NEET wants to see true growth, then run until you're exhausted! Maybe then your 'Stamina' stats will increase along with your 'Speed'! If you want your 'Strength' to improve a lot, then get a gym membership and lift some weights! If you want your 'Intelligence' to actually improve, then maybe go to cram school or get tutoring from an older student!"

"That sounds like a hassle."

"Then don't complain if your stats don't grow!"

When I got to the cafeteria, I paid 350 yen for a mystery sandwich.

Of course, thanks to my godly luck, I got the rare sandwich without much hassle.

I immediately sold it for 10,000 yen.

"And you wonder why you never get stronger… You should have saved it to grind levels in the dungeon!"

"Shut up! You're an AI and you don't have any bodily needs! I need this!"

"...You're living with your parents and you're a citizen of a first-world country. What do you need more money for? You're gonna spend it in that den of sinners you visited last night?"

"Alright. You're muted until the end of the school day."

I had enough and muted that annoying AI.

Still, she raised a good point.

I wasn't really working as hard as I could.

My extremely low 'Potential' was probably also capping my growth.

I thought that I might have a chance since I beat Vanir, but it really seems like he was never a threat to me in the first place.

Against a Dullahan like Beldia…

Should I even bother trying to help fight that thing?

I fought Vanir because I thought that I was protecting everyone.

Also, if Beldia wasn't an immediate threat to the people I knew, then what was the point in fighting him?

…How exactly did the other universe versions of me defeat the Demon King?!

They must have used some kind of sneaky, scumbag method.

Part 7

When I went to soccer practice, Mitsurugi wasn't there again.

He was probably going to come back next week, though.

Even then, with the extent of the injuries he had, it was still suspicious if he returned that quickly.

Aqua's healing magic was far and beyond modern medicine, after all.

"Alright, boys! I want to see some hustle!"

The coach cheered us on, telling us to work harder.

…Should I work harder?

All my life, I hadn't put much effort into anything besides video games.

I'd always fall into a cycle of having lots of motivation to try out a new thing, only to quit if I felt too burnt out, or if I ran out of motivation.

I guess successful people end up that way because they can push past that barrier.

…Defeating a Dullahan, defeating the Demon king.

Those goals seemed impossible for a normal guy like myself, to the extent that I doubted if Vanir was telling the truth about those multiverse versions of me doing it.

Or maybe those versions of me were born with more talent, or had some kind of OP artifact or weapon helping them on their quest.

"..."

We were lined up on the field, taking turns doing dashes.

"Alright, Satou-kun, it's your turn…!"

Trying hard, only to fail. Making mistakes over and over. Pushing past your limits…

Those cliche tropes you'd find in typical shounen battle manga seemed so lame to me.

Even in those kinds of manga, the lazy genius archetype appealed to me more.

Those guys who didn't need to do anything. They win just because of their intellect and because the villains instantly take a -1000 IQ nerf when facing them, to showcase how smart the character is.

I took a deep breath, then dashed forward.

"Ohh…?!"

Trying hard, only to fail.

Making mistakes over and over.

Pushing past your limits…

"Gahhh…!"

I ran the hardest I ever had in my life.

"Satou-kun! What came over you?!"

After the dash, I was panting so hard that I tasted blood in the back of my throat.

This is goddamn awful!

Why do people subject themselves to this torture?!

What's the point?!

"Next we're doing some finishing practice! Everyone, line up!"

I stood up, catching my breath.

I ran up to kick the ball, putting more force into it than I normally would.

"Pffft…!"

My teammates couldn't help but laugh when the ball sailed over the goalpost.

"Um… It's fine! You can try again next time… Alright, next…"

"One more time! Please!"

"Eh…?"

This is so freaking embarrassing.

The next shot hit the corner of the goal, bouncing out.

This time, my teammates didn't laugh, though.

"Go again, Satou…!"

"Keep going until you make it!"

"Try using the inside of your foot more!"

What is this, some kind of sports manga?

Am I supposed to succeed with the power of friendship?

This is so lame.

I kept kicking that damn ball. Over and over.

By the end of the practice, I couldn't even move.

"...I'm looking forward to your performance in the next game, Satou-kun."

The coach said to me, as he helped me up with a grin on his face.

"Haha…"

What's the point?

Working to the point of exhaustion…

What's the purpose of it all?

Later on, after I managed to shower and change with my body feeling all sore…

I noticed that my phone had a lot of notifications.

Forgetting that I muted Appuri-chan earlier, I unmuted her.

"Geez! Why'd you mute me for so long?!"

"...I had a lot going on, OK?"

I sighed, as I prepared to leave the changing room.

"Well… I have a lot of updates for you."

"Huh?"

"...Your 'Stamina', 'Speed', 'Dexterity', 'Health', 'Willpower', and 'Bravery' increased by +2! Good work today, Kazuma-san! I'm looking forward to seeing your growth in the future!"
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, JOJOBRN and 470 others
BoringBone
Sep 16, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 15: Challenging This Dullahan To A Duel!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#303
Chapter 15: Challenging This Dullahan To A Duel!

Part 1

When I got home, I was too exhausted to do anything.

I thought that I could practice my magic in the backyard again, but putting my all into soccer practice made my body go to complete muscular failure.

As such, I also couldn't do anything fun with Aqua that night.

Two nights in a row getting blue balled…

At the very least, I had that pool date with Rin the next day to look forward to!

While looking forward to that, I went right to sleep to rest my weary body.

When I woke up the next morning, I went downstairs in a good mood.

Kazuto, who was having breakfast, looked up at me and saw the smile on my face.

"Hm? Why are you in such a good mood, nii-san? Did an idol you hate get into a scandal recently?"

"...Do you really think I'm that pathetic? Besides, a true idol otaku doesn't hate any idols."

Not that I was an idol otaku.

After having a light breakfast, I prepared for the swimming date.

"Let's see… I guess I'll need some swimming trunks… Eh?"

I looked at the only pair of swimming trunks I owned.

"..."

It had been a while since the last time I went to the public pool. I forgot that these trunks of mine were more suited for a kid than a highschool boy.

The only other swimming trunks I had were the school issued ones, but even if they were my size, it was too lame to wear a school swimsuit during a pool date.

"Shit…!"

After quickly changing, I grabbed my wallet and my phone and ran out to the station.

There was a local shopping street in my hometown, but since it was a rural area, you'd find things like food and basic groceries there, not swimming trunks.

After sprinting over to the station, I was exhausted by the time I entered the train.

"Ohh…! Working hard today again, huh, Kazuma-san? Your 'Speed' and 'Stamina' increased by +1!"

Appuri-chan announced, thinking that I was still training.

Still, it seems that I broke my record when it came to running, in my urgency to buy swimming trunks quickly.

I remembered when I first got the app, I couldn't even jog halfway to the train station.

Now I could get there in full-sprint without stopping…

The fact that I could see tangible results with my stat-increases was very encouraging.

While I was on the train, I received a text message on my phone.

Thinking that it was Rin, I pulled it out in a panic.

Only to see Chris's name.

I opened the text and read it.

Kazuma-kun! Be on your toes! It seems that the Dullahan, Beldia, has been taking more bold actions lately! It's publicly attacking app-users now, even the newer, low-leveled ones! Stay safe out there!

…Even though Beldia was only attacking powerful app-users before, he changed his tactic.

If he was attacking them openly, then it was impossible to keep his existence a secret.

That would send Japan into a panic if the existence of the Demon King army and the other world went public.

What should I do? If Beldia was openly attacking people out there, was it safe for me to go out with Rin in public?

What if he attacked me out in the open and Rin got hurt?

She wasn't an app-user. Her odds of survival against a powerful being like Beldia were nonexistent.

"..."

Missing a date with a girl because of the threat of a villain…

This is the classic dilemma that all heroes must face!

…This actually sucks.

I took out my phone and texted Rin, telling her that I had to cancel the date with her because an unexpected emergency came up.

I didn't want to drag her into this whole mess with the Demon King army.

Even though I was looking forward to this date all week…

When I finally arrived at the city, I prepared to take the train back.

I didn't have a reason to buy swimming trunks anymore, and I didn't want Beldia to see me in public, especially in a crowded place like a city.

While I prepared to take the train back to my hometown, I felt my [Enemy Detection] activating.

When I maxed out that skill, it said that it would warn me of threats as if it were a sixth sense.

This general feeling of unease was that sixth sense.

I ran out from the station and looked for where this feeling of unease came from.

It came from the direction of the dungeon entrance.

As I drew closer to the dungeon entrance, I noticed that there was a crowd gathering around it, like last time when Vanir and Beldia showed up.

And like last time…

"...Come on out, filthy Dullahan! I will face you myself!"

…Darkness was there, trying to bait Beldia into beating her up.

I looked around, not seeing any sign of Beldia.

So the danger that I sensed…

Was it this girl?

Well, she certainly was dangerous.

"What are you doing here, Darkness?"

I said, walking over to her with a blank look on my face.

"Ah, Kazuma! You've come here to avenge our fallen comrades as well… How admirable…"

"...Fallen comrades?"

Don't tell me… Did other app users actually die…?

"Ah, they didn't die or anything, but they were beaten up pretty badly. That's why I came here!"

She got jealous of the app-users who got beaten up and chose to come here to bait Beldia into a fight, huh?

"Idiot! What if he actually shows up?! And why are you out here in full armor?!"

Since a foreigner like Darkness was out here with her full gear on, she was attracting quite a crowd like last time.

Of course, she seemed to enjoy that, being an exhibitionist. Among other things.

"If that wretched villain shows up, I am ready to face him!"

"You don't stand a chance. He will destroy you."

"Even better!"

There's no reasoning with this one.

As I was about to pull her away…

"Oh? There's actually someone foolish enough to challenge me…"

My [Enemy Detection] went off the charts as I sensed a dangerous threat.

When I turned around, I saw Beldia walking towards us, a sword bigger than his body in hand.

Part 2

Just like Chris warned, Beldia was walking out in the open.

Last time he also wasn't shy about revealing himself to bystanders, but at least he kept his attacks relatively hidden.

Now, he seemed intent on attacking us app-users, even out in broad daylight.

As for how he found those app-users…

Since other-worlders can see the dungeon entrance, Beldia probably scouted out the entrances he knew about and identified app-users that way.

Beldia held his greatsword out to us, hostility coming out of him.

"If you're foolish enough to challenge me, then you shall taste my blade…!"

"Gladly!"

I stepped in front of Darkness, before she could make the situation worse.

"...I thought you said you wouldn't pick on those weaker than you. What changed?"

I told him, calling him out on his previous words.

Before, he was only hunting down strong guys like Mitsurugi, but according to Chris, he was even targeting the newbie app-users.

He titled his helmet and said,

"Things changed. It seems that my partner, Vanir, has betrayed me. I haven't seen him at all… Sorry, I can't take it easy on you fledglings anymore…"

So it was Vanir's fault!

…Though dealing with both of them at once was also bad.

Understanding Beldia's motives now, I grabbed Darkness's arm and prepared to escape with her.

"I refuse to run away, Kazuma."

She had a determined look on her face as she also drew her greatsword and pointed it at Beldia.

"I swear to the goddess Eris… I will protect these innocent people in danger!"

"You're the reason why they're in danger!"

I tried to get her to move, but she wouldn't budge.

I really wanted to punish this obstinate girl!

With Darkness refusing to move, and the crowd all thinking that this was some kind of event again, I didn't really have much of a choice.

"Appuri-chan… Full-Equip!"

"Equipping all gear…!"

Without me having to take my phone out, Appuri-chan answered my voice command and equipped my breastplate, bow and arrows and Chunchunmaru for me.

"...It seems that you are willing to fight as well, Kazuma."

Darkness said, giving me an approving look.

Not like I had a choice.

Beldia laughed as he looked at the both of us.

"...I don't sense much power from you two. I commend your bravery, at least. I'm sorry, but I can't afford to hold back."

Usually, when an anime villain says those lines, the ones they are facing will face a quick end.

If it's an anime on a budget, the studio won't even bother to fully animate the scene, as the mob characters are killed in one move.

Darkness and I would die from a shaky screen and motion lines.

"...I will bring you down, villain!"

While raising her greatsword, Darkness ran forward.

The crowd cheered as the action started, many of them having their phones out and recording the footage.

They thought it was some kind of sentai show.

"...! What a powerful slash!"

Beldia said, as Darkness slashed her greatsword at him.

"...Eh?"

Looking confused, he looked behind him, where Darkness ended up.

Flushed to her ears, Darkness stood up.

"...T-The next one will hit."

I see her accuracy hasn't improved.

Darkness wound up for another slash.

This one missed again.

Beldia stared at her as she kept trying to attack him.

All the attacks missed, of course.

The crowd murmured as they watched the attacks.

"Ne… I know the actors aren't supposed to hit each other in these kinda shows, but isn't the stage fighting too fake?"

"Yeah… The attacks are completely off. Even a kid can tell."

"This is kinda lame."

Even though this was a life threatening situation for everyone, there was zero tension because of Darkness's poor performance.

Beldia, who was just standing there the whole time, said,

"Hey… Is this a joke? There's no way you can miss that much. I'm just standing here."

While he was distracted by Darkness, I had an idea. I struck a pose and said,

"Foul fiend! Face my strongest attack! [Sacred Create Water]!"

I used the [Nature's Beauty] skill that I got from Aqua.

This performance skill was based directly on my 'Charisma' stat.

With how low that stat is…

"Ugh… This is so lame…"

"Even for these kinds of shows, this one is really low-quality."

"It's a shame. The costumes were nice."

The crowd immediately departed after seeing my pitiful party trick.

"..."

That skill cost 10 mp and my dignity, but at least it got the crowd to get out of the way.

There was still Beldia to deal with, though.

Part 3

With Darkness continuing to miss her attacks, I thought about what to do.

I considered calling Aqua. Since Dullahan were undead creatures, I felt that an Arch-Priest like her was useful.

But this was Aqua we're talking about.

Oftentimes, she was more of a liability than an asset.

There was also Megumin…

No, she'd just destroy everything.

Yunyun…?

Megumin would find out if I called her.

Chris was also an option, but I doubted that a Thief could do much against a heavily armored enemy.

Still, she was the most competent app-user I knew, aside from Mitsurugi.

"Appuri-chan, send a text to Chris and ask her to come to help us fight Beldia."

"No! Mama is more useful than her! I'll text mama instead!"

"Idiot! You'll make things worse!"

"I'm doing it! I won't let you insult mama!"

"Appuri-chan go to sleep mode!"

"You can't do this to me…! Zzzz…"

I put her on sleep mode before she could make things even more complicated.

That meant that Chris probably didn't get the message.

And pulling out my phone to text or call anyone was a bad idea versus Beldia.

"Take this, foul fiend…!"

While blushing from humiliation, Darkness tried to slash Beldia once more.

Beldia, who was unimpressed, watched the sword go sailing over his head. He said,

"Young lady… Are you cursed? I'm not even trying to dodge your attacks."

"I-It's the foul and evil miasma you're giving off that is making me miss!"

"A-Are you saying I stink?"

Beldia got self-conscious for some reason.

"Hahhh! This one will hit for sure…!"

"Enough of this!"

Beldia raised his greatsword and attacked for the first time.

"Darkness…!"

I was worried for Darkness as Beldia swung his sword down at her.

With a mighty clang of steel against steel, Beldia's greatsword impacted with Darkness's pauldron.

"...! How are you still standing!"

Beldia backed away from Darkness with caution as she seemed unfazed by the attack.

"..."

Darkness didn't respond, slowly walking over to Beldia.

Then the pauldron that was hit fell off her shoulder, revealing that there was a nasty bruise there.

"...T-That hurt so much! Again!"

So it did hurt.

"G-Get away from me!"

Beldia backed off even more as Darkness chased after him.

The fact that she could make a Dullahan run away in fear like that…

I suppose that was impressive, in a way.

With Darkness distracting Beldia, I thought about what I could do to take out Beldia.

…Did I even have enough firepower to take him out?

I used [Enemy Reading] to see his armor score and his health points.

Armor Score: +15 Physical Reduction, Health Points: 150

How were we supposed to do enough damage to this guy?!

Even if I hit him with my strongest attack, which does about 9 damage, it wasn't enough to pierce through his armor.

Should I ask the others to come after all?

Well… There was still a chance that magic might do damage to him.

Since [Create Water] was upgraded to do damage to undead…

"[Create Water]!"

I let out a stream of water from my hand, aiming it at Beldia.

"...!"

He tried to avoid the water, but some of it hit the side of his chest plate.

I saw something that appeared like vapor coming out from the place where the water hit.

When I checked with [Enemy Reading], I saw that his health was decreasing by the second.

He grimaced as he swiped away the water with his hand, enduring the pain as he touched it.

Overall, I only dealt 4 damage to him… But at least I knew that the upgraded [Create Water] goes through his resistances.

Beldia glared at me, even though he was ignoring me before.

"...You don't seem like a mage. What class do you have?"

"I'm a Magic Knight. As you can see, I have a sword and armor, and I can cast magic."

"No, you're too weak for the advanced Magic Knight class. Ah, you must have the generic Adventurer class, am I right?"

He figured out my bluff right away.

"If that's the case, then I have no need to fear your magic! I'll take care of you first!"

"Don't ignore me!"

Darkness got in the way as Beldia tried to attack me.

"...! Get away from me, you nuisance!"

"You can't just tease me like that! Attack me more! Hit me harder, daddy~!"

"I don't recall giving birth to a disgrace like you!"

With Darkness keeping Beldia occupied, I thought about what to do.

I didn't have an unlimited amount of mana, so I couldn't just spam [Create Water].

I had to be efficient with my spells…

While I thought about that, I had an idea.

"[Create Water]! [Freeze]!"

I sprayed water underneath Beldia and immediately froze it.

"...Ah, crap!"

"Kazuma, I'm here, too?! Gacck!"

Both Darkness and Beldia slipped on the ice, with Darkness falling on top of Beldia.

"Get off me! Damn, you're heavier than you look! Oww, owww!"

"H-How dare you call a young girl heavy?! I'm not heavy! It's the armor! Please specify that it's the armor that's heavy!"

Even if it was frozen, it seemed that the upgraded effect of [Create Water] still hurt Beldia.

"Get off me! It burns! It burns!"

With Darkness's heavy ass on top of Beldia, he took a fair bit of damage.

By the time he managed to get Darkness off him, he already took 10 damage.

"Ohh…! Just keep doing that, Kazuma! It seems to hurt him a lot!"

Darkness said, as she stood up and dusted herself off after Beldia threw her off him.

…I wish I could keep doing that, but I was down to 26 mana points.

Maybe I shouldn't have spent 10 MP on [Nature's Beauty].

Part 4

Even more than ever, Beldia viewed me as a threat.

However, Darkness did a good job at stopping him from getting to me.

"I won't let you hurt my other daddy, daddy!"

"How many daddies do you have, you whore?!

Beldia had enough of Darkness and started unleashing a barrage of slashes at her.

"More! More! Hit me moooore! Kuh!"

However, it didn't have much effect on Darkness.

"...You're durable, I'll give you that! Fine, I'll just take you out in one move!"

Beldia backed off and grabbed his helmet.

Just as I was wondering what he was going to do, he tossed the helmet up into the air.

Beldia attacked Darkness again, but his movements got better.

"...?!"

Darkness was surprised as the slashes that she was able to endure before got more precise, hitting the weak links in her armor.

Along with the pauldron that was crushed earlier, her plate armor fell down one by one as Beldia was able to accurately dismantle it with his greatsword.

His helmet came back down and he held it with his arm, a mocking laughter coming out from his hollow insides.

"Hahaha! You're durable, but you're still unskilled! You're no match for a swordsman like me!"

Instead of feeling discouraged, Darkness had a weird smile on her face as she covered her chest, which was covered only by a thin bodysuit.

"S-So your goal this whole time was to strip me?! Ahh… What will you do next?! After defeating me, will you take me against my will and make Kazuma watch?!"

What kind of NTR eromanga was she referring to?

…From what I saw, it seemed that by tossing his head into the air, Beldia could get an accurate reading of Darkness's defenses. With the vantage point, he was able to dismantle her armor.

If he did that again, Darkness probably wouldn't last.

That meant that I had to do something to take him out quickly.

But what could I do…?

I looked at his helmet. If he didn't have that anymore…

"[Steal]!"

I tried to use the [Steal] skill…!

But he just laughed at my attempt.

"Hah! Did you think that an Adventurer's [Steal] will work on me? Nice try!"

Eh? But I do feel something in my hands…

"Kazuma… We're in the middle of battle right now… D-Do you want to shame me that badly?"

Darkness was blushing at me as she squirmed around.

I opened my eyes and saw a pair of sexy red undies.

She wore this kind of stuff, huh?

"Ah, I guess that plan didn't work."

"Kazuma… Why are you putting those panties in your pocket?"

"Focus, Darkness! Our foe is very dangerous and powerful!"

"You're trying to get away with it during the confusion, huh?!'

Why was this masochist acting shy now?

She was always going on and on and about her depraved fantasies, and she was going to freak out just because I took her panties?

"Enough of this! I've wasted enough time here… This attack will be the last!"

For some reason, Beldia seemed extra motivated to attack Darkness.

Even though he didn't have human features, I could tell from the glowing 'eyes' in his empty helmet that he had perverted intentions…

Ah, since Darkness wasn't wearing her panties, he wanted to strip her even more, huh?

This guy was more perverted than I thought…

He tossed the helmet into the air again and charged at Darkness.

Unleashing a flurry of slashes, it was only a matter of time until all of Darkness's armor fell down, leaving her in only her bodysuit.

Seeing this, the passersby who were ignoring the 'show' came back again.

Mostly, the men.

"...! T-This show is getting exciting!"

"A-A blonde foreigner is doing a strip show for us…"

"Are they filming a porno right now?"

Of course, Darkness was enjoying this development a lot.

"K-Kuh! All these men staring at me, while this foul Dullahan intends to violate me in so many ways! T-This is…!"

This Eroness could never stop perving out.

As the helmet was in the air, I looked at the empty insides of Beldia's armor.

That gave me an idea.

While Beldia was completely focused on Darkness, who was completely soaking in all the attention of the guys gawking at her…

"[Lurk]..."

I erased my presence with [Lurk].

Then I snuck up to Beldia… And just as his helmet was about to return…

"[Wind Breath]!"

I blew a gust of wind that sent his helmet flying back, out of his body's reach.

Most helmets like that weigh around 3-5 pounds.

Which was enough for my [Wind Breath] to push it away.

"Alright, everyone! We'll have a soccer mini game now! It's keepaway! Whoever can kick this helmet the farthest wins a prize of 5,000 yen!"

"Eh? Seriously?!"

Enticed by the money, a bunch of broke dudes from the audience went up to Beldia's helmet that was knocked away.

"Here ya go!"

I kicked the ball to them.

"...?! What are you…?! Ow! Hey, stop kicking my head around!"

Without a head to rely on, the rest of Beldia's body was completely lost. It fumbled around and tripped.

…It was his fault for thinking it was a good idea to toss his head up high in the air like that.

He literally wasn't using his head.

As for the body…

I went up to it and stuck my hand into the insides.

"[Create Water], [Freeze]..."

I calmly used the rest of my mana, leaving exactly 1 mana point left, to fill up his armor with water and freeze it.

His head that was kicked around started to scream.

"Gahhh! It burns! It burns from the inside! Stooop this! This is cruel!"

With his body frozen from the insides, he couldn't move the joints of his armor.

Aside from that, he also took damage over time.

As we listened to Beldia begging for mercy, Darkness walked over to me.

"Kazuma… Even though he's the bad guy, I think he deserved to lose with a little more dignity…"

"I don't want to hear the word 'dignity' come out of your mouth ever again."

"Kuh! Kazuma… You're the best!"

She went ahead and proved my point.

Part 5

"Nooo! I can't believe I'm losing to weaklings like you!"

Beldia said these lines fit for an early boss that gets taken out in the first levels of the game.

"Oi… I'm willing to let you live if you give us information about your boss."

I said, looming over him and presenting him with a way to live.

"Che! I'm still a knight, even if I'm an undead now! I won't fall so low!"

Darkness nodded to Beldia's words.

"Indeed… It is better to fall honorably in battle than to disgrace yourself…"

Beldia and I both looked at her in disbelief. Who was she to say lines like that?

When she was practically begging Beldia to ravish her earlier.

Beldia smirked and said,

"Heh… Well, you still beat me, at the end of it all. Maybe you do stand a chance against the Demon King… I will warn you, though… The other generals are more dangerous than me…"

Of course it was something like that.

If he didn't utter these lines that an early boss would say, I would have been very disappointed.

To play the part, I gave Beldia a solemn nod.

"You fought well, Beldia the Dullahan…"

"As the man who beat me… I wish you luck in your future battles."

He may have thought those lines were cool and that he was graceful in defeat, but…

Saying lines like that was the reason why he lost in the first place.

Tactics and power don't matter in battle… It's all about avoiding cliched flags! That's the real key to victory!

As the last of Beldia's HP dwindled away, his armor dissolved from the magical water breaking it down.

…I actually managed to defeat such a dangerous threat.

I doubted Vanir when he said that other versions of me defeated the Demon King.

But I was actually capable of taking on strong foes…

"Ohh… So the show is over?"

"...The girl didn't even strip."

"That's kinda lame. Hey, where's the 5,000 yen we were promised?"

Since I didn't have enough mana, I couldn't use [Lurk].

I ended up having to fork over 5,000 yen to the guy who kicked Beldia the farthest.

That guy didn't even realize that he contributed to saving Japan from an extra-dimensional threat.

I went over to Darkness to check up on her.

"Oi, are you alright? You took a lot of damage…"

"I'm fine!"

Of course she was.

…Even though she was perving out the whole time, I couldn't deny that if it wasn't for Darkness' frontlining, we wouldn't have won that fight.

"Thanks for the help, Darkness. I couldn't have done it without you…"

"E-Eh? Kazuma… Why are you suddenly acting kind to me?! What's with this gap moe?!"

She blushed, feeling embarrassed now of all times.

Despite all those things she said before.

Since she was acting like that, I got embarrassed too.

"Oiii! Stop acting like that and making it weird! I'm just thanking you for helping me!"

"...If Kazuma really wants to thank me, t-then… Remember you owe me a favor!"

She was talking about the favor I owed her for returning Chris' panties for me.

"Yeah, yeah. What kind of favor?"

She blushed hard and stood up.

"I-I'll tell you when my heart is ready! I need to mentally prepare myself! Until then… See you later!"

After saying those vaguely scary words, she ran off back into the dungeon entrance, likely going back to her home country.

Why was she acting like some kind of maiden?

Also that 'favor' I owed her… It was probably something perverted right?

…Was there really a problem with that?

Despite her rotten personality, Darkness had a body that would appeal to any man.

Even those guys and Beldia were entranced with her body.

Especially with how much I had been blue balled recently…

If Darkness said something like, 'Please mess me up, Kazuma'...

I wouldn't be able to resist.

That was just the truth of things!

After that, I remembered that I put Appuri-chan on mute.

When I unmuted her, she went on a tirade.

"Why did you do that, Kazuma-san?! Do you want me to go back to calling you Shitty-NEET?! Don't just mute me whenever you want! You made me so worried, taking on a Demon King general like that!"

"My bad, I guess…"

I didn't expect her to get that worried about me.

"...That should have been impossible. I know Kazuma-san's stats in and out. It should have been impossible to take on Beldia the Dullahan with your pitiful build…"

It was also hard for me to believe.

Did I just get lucky? Or maybe Beldia underestimated us because of our low levels…

Whatever the case, I was just glad that I didn't have to worry about Beldia going around attacking app-users anymore.

…Although I did have to cancel the date with Rin.

Before I went home, I looked at the sword that Beldia dropped.

Something that a Demon King General owned must sell for a lot.

I placed it in my inventory to look at the value.

"...?!"

Beldia's Greatsword (Unique)

Requirements: 90 Strength

Durability: 30/40

Weapon Accuracy: Dexterity modifier = 64% chance of hitting

Weapon Damage: 8 slashing damage + Strength modifier (+5) = 13 damage

Sells for: 100,000 yen

What was with that price…?!

There was no way I could use it in battle with that 90 strength requirement…

Without any hesitation, I sold it for 100,000 yen.

Congratulations! You have reached level 7!

Defeating the Demon King general has also increased your 'Intelligence', 'Creativity', 'Magic Power', 'Mana Capacity', 'Willpower' and 'Bravery' by +2!

I jumped up two levels and gained a bunch of stat increases…

You have deepened your bond with Darkness!

Darkness (Masochist Crusader), Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, Darkness views you as someone who is surprisingly reliable and heroic. After you defeated Beldia with her, she thinks that you might be more than just a pervert that she can use for her sexual fantasies. That's not going to stop her from viewing you as the perfect sadist to help her with her masochistic tendencies, though.

Bond Reward: +10 Health

When will that girl give up on seeing me as some kind of sadist?

…Also, that was quite a big increase for my health.

"Kazuma-san... You've also gained an achievement, which has earned you the title of 'Dullahan Slayer'! Would you like to equip this title?"

"Ohhh! Does that give me some kind of extra effect if I equip it?"

"You will get increased damage and stat increases when facing a Dullahan! Also, you will be known by all as one who slayed Beldia the Dullahan!"

...Wouldn't that just alert the enemies that I killed their general. Why would I want that kind of attention?!

And unless I came across another Dullahan, then there was no reason for me to equip that title.

"I'll keep it unequipped for now."

Still, it was good to know that I could unlock achievements and titles... Hopefully the next ones I unlock will be more useful.

Part 6

"...Why do you have that conceited look on your face, Kazuma?"

Aqua said, when I got back home.

I smirked at her and sat down on the sofa.

"Make me a sandwich, woman."

"Huh?! What'd you say to me…?!"

"You heard me. Make me a sandwich. Now."

I took out 5,000 yen and tossed it at her.

"...Is ham and cheese fine, sir~?"

"Hmm… That will work for now."

With how much money I had now, I didn't have to worry about going broke anymore.

Money really makes the world go round...

I thought about that as I watched Aqua get to work in making me a sandwich.

"...What are you doing, making nee-chan do stuff for you?! Get off your lazy butt and do it yourself, nii-san!"

Kazuto said, getting mad when he saw me bossing Aqua around.

I took out another 5,000 yen and tossed it to him.

"Shut up for the rest of the night, you annoying little brat."

"..."

He silently took the money and didn't say another word.

I love this so much!

"Here's your sandwich, Kazuma-san~!"

Aqua returned with a plate and presented it to me.

"...Why is it half-eaten?"

"W-What do you mean?"

I looked up and saw crumbs all around Aqua's mouth.

"Give me back my money!"

"No refunds! Besides, you didn't specify whether you wanted a full sandwich or a half-eaten one!"

"Who the hell would want a half-eaten sandwich?! If that's the case, then give me 2,500 yen back!"

"Kazuma, it's really embarrassing if you act like a big shot, then reverse back to your cheap, broke ways!"

Kazuto, who saw me trying to take my money from Aqua, stood up and said,

"D-Don't you dare mess with nee-chan! I won't allow that!"

"And I thought I told you to shut up for the rest of the night!"

I got carried away and wasted 10,000 yen on the spot.

After coming down from my money high, I took a bath and headed to my room.

While sitting on the bed and drying my hair, I looked at my phone.

I had been avoiding it all day, but I looked at the text message I got back from Rin.

It's fine, senpai! We can always do it another time!

…It was hard to tell how she was really feeling through text alone.

Ahh… I really fumbled it.

We had a good mood going between the two of us. That probably all went down the drain once I cancelled at the last minute without any explanation why.

…I didn't want to involve her with all this dangerous stuff going on, though.

I guess my protective side was surfacing again.

While I thought about Rin, I heard a knock on the door.

Without even waiting for me to respond, Aqua came in.

"...Appuri-chan told me that you took out the Dullahan?! Why didn't you call me?!"

"Sorry for worrying you…"

"I missed out on all the EXP and loot! Wait… The reason why you were giving out money… How much money did you get?!"

She wasn't worried about me at all.

Aqua sat down on the bed with me. We hadn't fooled around for a couple days now, so I was feeling a bit self-conscious, sneaking glances at her.

She turned to me and grinned.

"So… It seems that Kazuma is actually taking your job seriously. I can't believe you actually managed to take out a Demon King general… Actually, how did you even pull it off?!"

Appuri-chan said the same thing, that it should have been impossible with my stats.

I couldn't even really explain how I managed to beat Beldia.

Was it really just the element of surprise? With Beldia heavily underestimating us, he lowered his guard down enough that I managed to hit him with an unexpected move.

…If other Demon King generals came to Japan through a portal, would I get lucky again?

They'd probably have their guards up next time, since one of their generals was killed in battle.

Not to mention that Vanir defected…

While I was thinking about this, Aqua placed her hands on my chest and suddenly pushed me down on the bed.

With a predatory grin on her face, she hovered over me.

"W-What are you doing, Aqua-san?"

I said, finding myself staring up at her.

"...Well, I just felt that the hero deserves a reward from the goddess… Isn't that how it always goes?"

"A-A reward, huh… And what is this reward?"

I felt one of Aqua's hands drift down from my chest to my abdomen.

"...That first night where all this started… Remember, you asked me to use my hand…"

"Y-Yeah, I remember…"

Back when I thought that Rori-san had already placed me in a lewd dream, I made such a request from Aqua.

And she didn't know this, but I actually requested Rori-san to show me a dream to continue that missed opportunity.

"...How about we continue where we left off from that night, huh?"

Where did the dumbass Aqua go?!

It always amazed me when Aqua showed this side of her.

She was normally such an annoying girl… But when her switch got flipped…

Her eyes looked like she wanted to eat me up.

Slowly, her hand drifted down from my abdomen.

I held my breath as I felt it draw near my crotch, until I gasped sharply when I felt her fingertips directly on the tent that was forming in my pants.

She traced her fingers around the shape of my member, letting me feel her touch. It felt even better than that dream session… Even if the sensations were similar, there was a sense of detachment in the dream.

With the real Aqua, I felt everything, her fingers through the fabric of my pants, tracing the shape of my member.

"Take your pants off, Kazuma…"

Why was her voice so damn sexy?!

Especially speaking to me in such a low, husky tone…

With that note of desire in her voice…

It's criminal how sexy she is!

After a pause, I tugged my pants down, leaving me in my boxers. I looked up at her smile again, before lowering my boxers down.

…It was the first time I was showing my member to Aqua.

Or to any girl, really.

It felt embarrassing, showing her my privates like that… But there was an odd thrill to it, too.

I watched as she looked down at my member, seeing it for the first time.

"...It's bigger than I thought."

"How small did you think it was?!"

"Well… I thought it was way smaller than this. Congratulations! You're about average!"

Was that something to celebrate?

Well, at least she wasn't making fun of it for being small…

I'd probably get ED if that happened.

Rather… It was a good thing she saw me when I was turned on, because I was more of a grower than a shower.

After having an eyeful of my member, she reached down and testingly held my shaft in her soft hands.

I shuddered, feeling her hand wrap around it.

It was a gentle touch, but it was enough to make me buck my hips.

Aside from the pleasure of having a girl's hand gripping my member…

There was also the fact that Aqua's hand felt so soft…

Do girls' hands normally feel this soft, or is this a goddess thing?

"...How do you normally do it, Kazuma?"

She looked at me, as she started to stroke it up and down, still with a gentle grip.

The fact that she was unsure about it, looking like she was afraid to hurt me…

It was honestly really cute.

"...Grip it a bit harder and keep moving up and down… You can add twisting motions as you move, too."

"Like this…?"

She did as I instructed, gripping me harder, twisting up and down as she properly jerked me off.

"Y-Yeah…! Wow…"

Aqua was jerking me off on my bed…

It was almost hard to believe.

It didn't take long for Aqua to get used to it. She jerked me off faster, twisting along my shaft. She even figured out how to use her thumb to make it feel even better, rubbing it along my shaft as she jerked me off.

"Is it good, Kazuma…?"

She asked, smiling and looking into my eyes.

"Yeah… You're really good…"

"Hehe… Of course I am! I really do wanna reward you, so… What else can I do to make you feel good, hm?"

I looked down at her chest. She followed my glance and chuckled.

"Kazuma… You're such a pervert…"

"Y-You're a pervert, too! You're jerking me off with such a technique… Is this really your first time doing this?!"

"...Are you implying that I'm some kind of slut?! Of course this is my first time doing this! I'm just talented!"

She was a genius at jerking guys off, huh?

She chuckled again and took her hand away from my member.

I was about to complain, until I saw her lifting her shirt up.

"You wanted this… Right?"

I gulped as I saw the blue bra she had underneath.

…Her figure really was amazing.

No, that's an understatement… She was way more beautiful than top class models.

"...Want to see the rest?"

I immediately nodded my head.

"Heh… Kazuma, I prefer this honest version of you…"

She reached behind her, unclasping her bra.

"...!"

For the first time in my life…

Satou Kazuma, 16 years old…

I saw breasts.

Seeing me gawking at her chest, Aqua smirked.

"...That's how you should always look at me, Kazuma! With those adoring, puppy eyes! Worship me more, and you will be rewarded!"

Should I actually give in and worship this girl?

I mean, with a chest like that… She obviously deserves it.

She wasn't humongous like Darkness… But they were perfectly sized.

And they were so perky… Even without the bra, her breasts stayed lifted in place. I thought that she was wearing a push-up bra, but it turned out that she was actually that naturally perky.

This is cheating…!

I stared down at her perfectly pink nipples, even as she started laughing at me.

"Oi, Kazuma… Don't tell me, you're falling in love?"

"...?!"

Was that really the case?!

This perfect pair of breasts was making me fall for a girl like Aqua.

That same Aqua who did nothing all day but eat snacks and watch TV?

That same Aqua whose intelligence was equal to that of a single-celled organism?

"O-Of course not…"

"Heh… I told you, Kazuma… You really should be more honest with yourself! I know…"

She took my hands and lifted them.

And placed them on her breasts.

"..."

Was she actually trying to make me fall for her or what?!

Soft… But really supple.

I couldn't help but squeeze those perfect breasts.

My first time touching a girl's chest…

Furthermore, I felt Aqua's hands going down to my member again.

What was with this unfair attack of hers?

Going back to jerking me off as I was feeling her chest…

I felt my body losing its strength as my mind was on auto-pilot.

My hands cupped her breasts, unable to resist their supple elasticity.

No matter what I did to them, they returned to their perfect, perky shape.

Even if I lifted them from underneath and let them drop in my palms, they still bounced back in place.

"Mnn… Kazuma…"

Aqua couldn't help but moan as I kneaded her chest. She was feeling good from me groping her.

She was so freaking hot.

My hands moved on their own, my index finger and thumb finding her nipples, gently playing with them.

"Nnnn…!"

She moaned again, as I played with her stiffening buds.

With dazed eyes, she gave me a soft, gentle look.

"Kazuma…"

I couldn't hold back anymore.

That voice… That look she was giving me…

Her hands jerking me off… My hands on her breasts…

It was too much for a virgin like me.

"Hnnnngh…!"

Unable to stop it, I came for Aqua.

Thick loads came out, landing all over her naked torso.

I watched as thick ropes of cum landed all over her abdomen, almost reaching up to her breasts from the sheer force they came out.

She glanced down, seeing my seed marking her skin.

"Hah…!"

I breathed out as I felt the last spurt leave me.

My eyes settled on her body… My cum marking her all over, as if I claimed her as my own.

"..." x 2.

We stared at each other in silence.

After a while, she grinned and said,

"You really enjoyed that, huh, Ka-zu-ma…?"

She said, with a smug smile, knowing that she had me completely wrapped around her finger.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, Asfhjlpif and 433 others
BoringBone
Sep 17, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 16: Buying A Magic Item From This Decrepit Shop!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#319
Chapter 16: Buying A Magic Item From This Decrepit Shop!

Part 1

A new week meant more allowance.

Although the 1,000 yen that my father gave me that morning wasn't that much compared to my current funds, it was still free money I wouldn't turn down.

"This money will motivate me to go to school, father."

He sighed, shaking his head.

"As a father, I'm proud of you for going to school consistently, but when you say things like that…"

I ended up giving mixed feelings to my father.

I went to school after having the breakfast my mother made for me.

On the way there...

"Morning, senpai!"

Rin walked up to me and started talking to me.

Even though I had to cancel our date… She was still talking to me.

If it was the other way around, I'd probably sulk all day and not even go to school.

Besides… I even did all of that last night with Aqua…

Maybe I'm kind of a scumbag?

"Hm? Senpai… You look kind of upset…"

"Ah, well… I just feel bad for cancelling last time…"

"It's fine! Life happens! Besides, I know you were really excited about it, so you wouldn't cancel on me unless you had a good reason…"

How is she so mature?!

She's a year younger than me, isn't she?!

She's already more mature than Darkness who is older than the both of us! I said,

"If it's cool with you, we can do the date again this Sunday…"

"I'm alright with that! I still haven't shown you my new swimsuit yet… Look forward to it, senpai!"

Am I an eroge protagonist, or what?!

This scenario is just too good to be true…

After that pleasant exchange in the morning, I went to class.

With my newfound motivation to improve myself, I made sure to take Appuri-chan's advice and focused on everything the teacher said.

Then, during lunch time, instead of just eating by myself…

Forming bonds with other people gives lots of stat bonuses and even skills.

Yet, I wasn't actively trying to socialize with other people, even my classmates.

While looking around for a group to talk to, I heard some guys talking about the MMO I used to play a lot.

They were talking about a dungeon that was hard to beat.

I took this chance and walked up to them and said,

"Actually, if you use this exploit, it's pretty easy to beat that dungeon…"

Out of goodwill, I went ahead and told them about the cheese tactic I found.

"Ohh! Satou, I didn't know you played that game!"

"We'll try it out when we get home later!"

"...I didn't even know that Satou could speak."

Since I rarely interacted with anyone, they were surprised that I went up to talk to them.

"Your 'Charisma' and 'Bravery' has increased by +1!"

Appuri-chan said, after I went back to my own seat after talking to those guys.

I guess that stepping out of my comfort zone really does help…

Does that mean that I'll get even more increases if I talk to the most popular girls in class?!

No, that's too big of a hurdle for me.

I looked around for a girl to target that seemed easy to talk to…

While thinking like some playboy who tries to pick up easy girls at the station, my eyes settled on the bespectacled class rep.

Despite having good grades and being the captain of the naginata club, Konno Lia was a quiet girl who kept to herself.

Keeping her hair in braids and wearing glasses, she was your stereotypical class rep.

After acquiring my target, I walked over to her.

She looked up from her bento, surprised to see me, the guy in class who was even less sociable than her.

"...How can I help you, Satou-san?"

Her eyes and tone of voice told me that she wasn't too enthused to talk to me.

"Ah, Konno-san… During class, I couldn't get this part of the lesson, and I was wondering if you understood it, since you're the class rep and all…"

Using her position as class rep as an excuse, I started talking to her in this way.

She raised a brow and set her chopsticks down and said,

"...Even though you were paying more attention than usual in class today?"

"How did you notice something like that, Konno-san?"

Could it be…? Well… Since I am a starter on the soccer team, I suppose it wasn't too crazy to think that there were girls who were into me…

"You're always slouched over during class, but this time you were actually sitting upright."

I guess that would make it obvious.

"W-Well…! I decided to take my studies more seriously since I missed so much school…"

"Alright, I understand. Go ahead and take a seat."

She gestured to the empty chair in front of her. I grabbed the chair and sat down in front of her.

As she went over the lesson with me, I found that she actually mentioned a lot of things that I missed.

Even though I was putting all my effort into focusing, some information managed to slip through.

Similarly, it seemed that I also mentioned some things during the lesson that she didn't catch.

"...Hmm… This is more productive than I thought…"

Konno-san said, while looking over the new notes she made.

I was also surprised that I learned a lot from reviewing my notes with Konno-san.

…Even though I just used that as an excuse to talk to her. She said,

"Perhaps it's beneficial for the both of us if we studied again like this, Satou-san."

"Ah, yeah. Sure, that's fine with me."

Is it really this easy to get along with girls?

Perhaps I have some kind of hidden gigolo talent…

As I returned to my seat after lunch break ended, I got a text notification from Appuri-chan.

Congratulations! You have established a bond with the Idol-In-Disguise, Konno Lia!

Konno Lia (Idol-In-Disguise), Bond Rank: 1

At Rank 1, Lia views you as a classmate who takes surprisingly good notes. Aside from that, she views you as a creep who was obviously using her class rep position to try and get closer to her. She assumes that you were trying to flirt with the quiet girl in class, because you didn't have the balls to try and pick-up the popular girls.

Huh?! So she read through me just like that?!

How embarrassing!

No, more importantly…

What's up with that 'Idol-In-Disguise'?

…

...

Before soccer practice, I went to the bathroom and took out Appuri-chan to speak with her.

"...What's with that 'Idol-In-Disguise' thing?"

Since I found out that Wiz was a Lich based on her bond title, I took this matter seriously.

"Hmm… From my scans, it seems that Konno-san is living some kind of double life~! The serious bookworm you know is actually a part-time idol!"

"Seriously?!"

That bespectacled girl with braids who never talks to anyone in class is an idol…?!

…No, wait, it makes perfect sense now.

"I see… So it's like that…"

"...How did you accept it so quickly?"

It's so cliche that it makes sense.

"It makes sense now, so that's how it is…"

"Am I missing something here, or what?"

"Come to think of it, Konno-san also sits in the back of the class, near the windows… Surely, I should have suspected that a class rep like her would have some kind of backstory like that, if she's sitting on the protagonist seat."

"Kazuma-san has been mumbling nonsense for a while now."

Wait a minute... Lia... It was just her first name, but...

She shared a name with this idol I was a fan of.

In fact, I requested that same idol back in the succubus shop, before Vanir interrupted my session.

"Is this that same Lia from Axel Hearts?!"

"It's not good to speculate about an idol's private life, Kazuma-san..."

Perhaps she made a good point. Even if our class-rep was somehow an idol who was exactly just my type...

No, I don't think I can view her normally from now on! She won't be just a classmate to me after I know this forbidden information!

Thinking about this endlessly won't do me any good, so I put Appuri-chan away and headed to practice.

When I got to the field, I saw that Mitsurugi was there. The other members of the club were surrounding him, asking him questions about his injury.

"I can't believe you're clumsy enough to hurt yourself like that, captain!"

"What are we gonna do if you get injured for the rest of the season?!"

"Yosh! Our national hopes are still alive with Mitsurugi here!"

He's as beloved as ever.

When he saw me, he came up to me and said,

"Thanks for taking care of the team when I was gone. I heard you played well last time."

It was awkward hearing him praise me.

"Well, now that you're back, I guess I don't have to work as hard anymore."

"Liar. I heard you've been working even harder recently."

Who's the one who snitched?!

Mitsurugi's expression turned serious. He said,

"Listen, Satou… I got attacked by a Dullahan last time and…"

"Yeah, I know. I already defeated him."

"Ehh?!"

Mitsurugi looked at me with disbelief written all over his face.

"Wait, seriously?! How?! That guy was really powerful! He could even summon a horde of undead! He even put a death curse mark on me that Aqua-sama had to dispel!"

He didn't do that against me, though.

Ah… Maybe he had a limited supply of undead minions and curse marks. He used them all fighting Mitsurugi and the other cheat users.

Otherwise, I probably wouldn't have been able to take him out with just Darkness fighting with me. We essentially just dealt the killing blow after the other cheat users did all the hard work.

"Their deaths were not in vain…"

"I don't think anyone died, Satou. More importantly… How did you manage to defeat that Dullahan?!"

"Well… He always threw his head up in the air for some reason, so I just blew the helmet away with wind magic and then filled his body with water magic and froze it. He couldn't move and he took damage from the water since he's an undead."

"...Satou… Are you actually a combat genius?!"

Is what I said really that mind blowing?

It seems like common sense to me.

Then again, Mitsurugi was a normie who didn't look like he played that many games or watched that many anime.

As for me, I had been imagining myself in such fantastical battles since I was a kid, daydreaming in class about how I'd take on powerful opponents like dragons and evil wizards.

…In that sense, maybe I'm more prepared for this whole war against the Demon King than I thought, with all these ideas in my head.

I guess being a loner otaku who spends all day playing games and watching anime has its benefits.

…Only when the world is ending through supernatural means, though.

If there's no such threats going on, such otaku would be swept under the rug by society as a failure in life.

As practice resumed, I tried to go at the pace I went last time, pushing myself through my limits.

"Your 'Dexterity', 'Speed', 'Stamina' and 'Willpower' increased by +1!"

I received quite a bountiful yield once more.

"Oh… You really are working hard, Satou."

Mitsurugi said, once practice was over.

"With all this fighting going on, it's better to be prepared."

"You're finally taking things seriously, huh?"

"Did you think I wasn't before?"

With the way he didn't answer me, he probably did think that way. He said,

"A-Anyway, want to go to the station with me? There's that smoothie place that gives 'Stamina' increases, right?"

With Mitsurugi inviting me, we went over to 'Sunshine Smoothie'.

I bought a kale smoothie, while Mitsurugi got a strawberry-banana smoothie.

"Your 'Stamina' increased by +1!"

While we were drinking our smoothies, Mitsurugi said,

"You know, I'm glad that you dealt with the threat, but I'm kind of unsatisfied. I wanted a rematch with that Dullahan…"

"Saying lines like that is why you lost in the first place."

"Huh? What do you mean?"

He's not aware of such cliches and flags, huh?

That's what's holding him back.

Since I learned a few things from Mitsurugi, I decided to teach him some things, too.

"Listen, Mitsurugi. You never want to be the first one to fight a new opponent. That will guarantee that you lose."

"I see… Is that because there's no information on the opponent yet, so it would be foolish to fight them despite knowing nothing about them?"

"No, because the one who fights the enemy first will always be defeated to show how strong the new enemy is."

"Huh? What are you talking about, Satou?"

"Just trust me, Mitsurugi. You always want to be the last one to fight the enemy, never the first. Also, never volunteer yourself to fight the enemy with an arrogant smirk on your face, while telling your allies cliche lines like, 'Stay back, this one's mine!', or 'I should be enough to defeat him!'. That will guarantee that you will suffer a humiliating defeat."

"...I fail to see how any of these things are relevant."

Mitsurugi gave me a confused look, not understanding what I meant at all.

"Sigh… I'm going to recommend some manga to you, Mitsurugi. I want you to study them well. Hopefully, you will understand what I mean once you read them…"

"What does reading manga have anything to do with learning how to fight better, Satou?!"

"It has to do with everything!"

"F-Fine... Then what should I read?"

"As a Japanese, you should know about Dragonball and Rurouni Kenshin, yes?"

"Of course I do... I don't think I've actually read the manga, though... Maybe I saw a couple episodes on TV as a kid."

As expected of a normie.

"Then read those manga and don't do anything that Vegeta or Sano does."

"I still fail to see how this is related to anything."

"Just do what I say! Also..."

I spent the next hour or so trying to lecture Mitsurugi about these important pieces of knowledge.

Once we separated, Appuri-chan came out and said,

"Your bond with Mitsurugi Kyouya has deepened!"

Mitsurugi Kyouya (Soccer Club Ace), Bond Rank: 5

At Rank 5, Mitsurugi Kyouya entrusts you with the soccer team, even when he's gone. He has no doubts about your capabilities and willingness to improve, after he's seen you pushing your limits in practice. He has begun to view you as a rival of sorts, someone that he must catch up to, no matter what. Staying on the soccer team and working hard in practice will deepen your bond with him.

Bond Reward: Signature Weapon Rank-up

He viewed me as a rival, huh?

One that he has to catch up to, no matter what?

Oh, no. That sealed his fate.

I'm sorry, Mitsurugi… You're officially a jobber now.

Part 2

After talking to Mitsurugi, I made my way to the dungeon.

It had been a while, so I wanted to check up on the kobolds.

On the way there, I checked the new bond upgrade I got from Mitsurugi.

I checked the new rank-up for signature weapon.

[Signature Weapon] Skill Rank: 2, Passive Skill

Assign one of the weapons in your inventory as your 'Signature Weapon'. This weapon gains +10 durability and +1 weapon damage. This weapon won't be destroyed even if it falls below 0 'Durability', but you can't use it again until you fix it.

It was quite a big improvement from the rank 1 skill.

Before entering the dungeon, I also wanted to spend the 2 skill points I got from leveling up twice after defeating Beldia.

I decided to go ahead and put [Elementary Magic] at max rank

Now, [Elementary Magic] only costs 1 MP to cast…

It is now my most efficient ability.

My build was all over the place in terms of skill optimization, but I seemed to get a lot of success from thief skills and magic skills.

I didn't really know which skill to focus on when I leveled up again, though.

[Steal] is really useful, but the information gathering ability of [Enemy Reading] is also tempting.

I could also look to upgrade the weapon related skills.

While thinking about those things, I soon arrived at the dungeon entrance…

"Full Equip…"

"Equipping all gear…!"

With the voice command, Appuri-chan made the gear materialize over my body.

Wearing all of this battle equipment over my school uniform, I felt like a Light Novel protagonist…

All chuunibyou have delusions of fighting monsters while wearing their school uniform, with a katana by their side.

Not that I was chuunibyou.

"..."

I couldn't resist and took out my phone, leaning it against the dungeon wall.

"Appuri-chan, I want you to take pictures of me…"

"...You're using an advanced AI like me as an overglorified selfie timer?"

"Just do it!"

I posed in front of the camera as I struck poses with my battle gear and school uniform.

"Ohh…! This looks like some high quality cosplay!"

"...That's because you're wearing real armor and weapons."

While I was getting carried away posing…

"Oh? It seems that the recent victory over Beldia has given this boy an inflated ego… Now you're reverting back to your childhood delusions of grandeur… Ah! The feeling of shame at being caught in the act! How delicious!"

By the way, I saw Vanir at the entrance and he made me bring him along.

"Why are you still all the way down here in these lower levels, Vanir?"

"...That distasteful goddess is still getting in my way. I'm trying to find ways to elude her."

"The one with the silver-hair and the mask, huh?"

It really did sound like someone I knew, but I couldn't imagine that they were the one antagonizing Vanir.

"Alright, well, if you're busy Vanir, you could always help me grind some levels…"

"Foolish boy! We've already been over this! Besides, I am merely gathering ingredients for that decrepit Lich. She intends to make some potions to sell, although I'm doubtful if they will..."

With this mystery goddess interfering, Vanir had to reconsider his dungeon take-over plan.

He switched over to the 'raise money to buy a dungeon' plan.

That was a relief for me, since I didn't know what would happen if Vanir actually managed to take over this dungeon.

He wouldn't harm the adventurers, but his annoying antics would make a lot of hero candidates quit their jobs.

That would decrease the amount of meat shields… I mean, the fighting force against the Demon King army.

"By the way, after you're finished cruelly extorting those kobolds, you should come over to the store and buy some magic items later, boy… You have some wealth after selling Beldia's sword, do you not?"

This mind reader is a pain to deal with.

"Ah… I'll think about it…"

"Y-You…! Thinking that there's no use going there to buy items since they're useless, but you're more than happy to go there to gaze upon Wiz's ample bosom! Moihahaha! You sure are a lecher!"

This mind reader is really a big pain in the ass!

I ditched him immediately and headed into the dungeon.

Since I was level 7 now, while going through the first floor...

"Gyak!"

...When some goblins attacked me, I was able to take care of them without even using any skills.

Using Chunchunmaru, I swiftly dispatched the goblins who attacked me.

…This is it! This is the best part of RPGs!

After getting to the mid-game, there is usually a power spike that will let the player go down to the lower levels and absolutely demolish all the mob monsters.

This satisfying feeling of beating up on those weaker than you is amazing!

"Kazuma-san! Since you are now way more powerful than these goblins, they will give way less exp when you defeat them than they did before!"

Ah… There's also that feature…

Even with how much I enjoyed beating up the weaklings, I didn't gain much exp from it.

Quickly getting bored, I moved up to the next floor, where those kobolds were.

When I made it to their hiding spot, after crawling through the tunnel…

"Wan… Wan… Wan…!"

…Happily talking to the kobolds was Yunyun.

"What are you doing here, Yunyun?"

"Eeek?!"

Frightened, she turned around and looked at me with wide eyes.

She was kneeling down, talking eye-level to one of the kobolds.

"K-K-Kazuma-san…! Um… I wasn't talking to these kobolds because I felt lonely, or anything! I don't come here for at least a couple hours a day to socialize, if that's what you're thinking?!"

Open books like Yunyun are always easy to deal with.

"I see… Well, I came here to extort them, so…"

"You can't?!"

Yunyun stood up and spread her arms out defensively over the kobolds.

"...Huh? Oi, Yunyun… Are you getting in the way of my money collection…?"

"Eeep?! Kazuma-san, your eyes are really scary right now?!"

With how productive these kobold slave workers were, I let out some hostility once I saw Yunyun trying to interfere.

"Listen, Yunyun! These kobolds aren't your friends! They are a source of money for us! Do you understand?!"

"B-But…! They're surprisingly friendly! And their culture is actually very similar to ours! Did you know that kobolds celebrate a holiday called Kobomas, on the same day we celebrate Christmas?! They make sculptures of each other and give them to each other as gifts!"

"I don't care! Don't tell me such a poignant story when I'm just trying to extort these guys!"

Trying to appeal to my morality like that…

Money comes first!

After being broke for so long, I became a bit obsessed with the concept of money.

I don't care if these kobolds are all one big happy family. I need money!

I moved past Yunyun and made my way to the kobolds.

"Grrrr…!"

Like before, there was that one young kobold who was giving me a defiant glare.

This brat never gives up, huh?

"Huh?! What are you looking at, you insolent brat?!"

"Kazuma-san?! Were you always this cruel?!"

I turned to Yunyun and said,

"Listen, Yunyun, I'll hang out with you after this, so forget about the kobolds already."

"...Kobolds? What kobolds?"

She's surprisingly coldhearted.

Seeing that their last bastion of hope surrendered herself to me, the kobolds hung their heads in defeat and offered me the new equipment they made.

I took this equipment one at a time into my inventory to sell them.

In total, I made 10,000 yen from the kobolds.

"Hahaha! Not bad! Keep working hard for my sake from now on! Kyekekekeke!"

The young kobold glared at me as I let out a sinister laugh I didn't even know I was capable of making.

"Kazuma-san… Your evil deed made you lose -1 'Faith'..."

I still didn't even know what faith did, so I didn't care about the loss.

Part 4

Once I received the money from the kobolds, Yunyun followed me on my way out.

"U-Um… You promised to hang out with me, so…"

"Ah, then let's go to a cafe…"

"...! T-Then let's go!"

She followed behind me like an excited puppy.

…Well, she was going 'wan, wan' with the Kobolds earlier.

I took her to the usual cafe I went to.

Not only was it close to the dungeon, but it also gave out a charm bonus…

This cafe is no longer trending! You will no longer receive an extra bonus to 'Charisma'! I'm sure the coffee still tastes great, though!

Why are normies so fickle with their tastes?!

Trends come and go quickly, huh…

Well, at least this cafe lasted longer than the smoothie place.

Even with the bonus gone, there was still the original +1 bonus to 'Charisma' that came with the coffee.

When we ordered our coffee and sat down…

"...! E-Eh?! It seems that my 'Charisma' has increased?!"

Yunyun was surprised to learn about this stat bonus.

"Hm? Did you not know about this cafe?"

"No, I didn't! I see… If I drink enough of this coffee, I'll become a charismatic person with many friends…!"

"It's limited to once a week."

"How disappointing…!"

I hated to be the bearer of bad news, but I didn't want Yunyun to get the wrong idea.

Yunyun kept glancing at me as we sipped our coffee…

This is a bit awkward.

Since Yunyun is a shy girl, I didn't know what to talk to her about.

Thankfully, she was the one who broke the silence.

"I'll be really grateful if Kazuma-san introduces me to nice places like this in the future!"

"Oh… Well, it's not like I know other places… But I suppose I can try looking for some."

Since I had the 'Service Locator' feature on my app, I could search for more places like this cafe.

"Ehe… You're so kind, Kazuma-san! Unlike Megumin!"

She had a frown on her face as she said this.

"Hm? Are you two having a fight right now?"

"...Kind of. She found me yesterday walking around without my red contact lenses… She got mad because I wasn't playing up to the 'Crimson Demon' backstory she made up."

She'd probably get even more mad if she heard Yunyun call the Crimson Demon thing a made up backstory.

"Why is Megumin so obsessed with that chuunibyou stuff, anyway?"

"I'm not too sure. She's always been like that for as long as I remember. Her family is pretty weird, too…"

"Ah, so it runs in the family."

There's nothing you can do if the weirdness is genetic.

And Megumin is even making her friend go along with this weirdness.

I didn't want to keep Yunyun out for too long during a school day, although she did want to hang out for much longer.

"I promise we can hang out again another time…"

"D-Do you really promise, Kazuma-san?! You won't just say that and pretend you got amnesia the next day, right?!"

I really need to talk to Megumin about treating her friends better.

After treating Yunyun to her drink, we parted ways from the cafe.

"Your bond with Yunyun has increased!"

Yunyun (Lonely Stalker), Bond Rank: 3

At Rank 3, Yunyun is looking forward to hanging out with you more often. If you keep flirting with her, she might develop feelings for you…? Although if she gets too attached to you, it could end up being problematic.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Solo-Levelling]!

[Solo-Levelling] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You earn an extra +1 EXP when you go to the dungeon by yourself and defeat a monster.

Since I normally went to the dungeon by myself, that skill could end up being useful.

Rather, the way the skill accurately reflected Yunyun's personality was kind of sad.

Aside from that, it seemed that Yunyun was starting to develop feelings for me.

What's with me recently?

I was getting attention from all kinds of girls.

The me from before would have celebrated this newfound popularity, but…

"Hm… What should I do…?"

Instead, I felt conflicted.

…

…

Even though Vanir might be tricking me, I still headed over to Wiz's store.

"Ah! Kazuma-san! Thank you for coming again!"

At the very least, I was greeted with the sight of a happy Wiz.

And a happy Wiz is a bouncy Wiz.

My sight-seeing was immediately ruined when Vanir popped out from behind the counter.

"Ah, if it isn't the perverted boy who came over here just to gawk at the Lich's bosom… Even though you were already gawking at a younger girl's bosom earlier, aren't you too greedy…?"

He knew that I was with Yunyun earlier, huh?

"Oi, oi, enough talk about bosoms… Do you have anything useful to sell that won't put me into debt if I buy it?"

That seems like a tall order when Wiz is involved.

"Ah… But they're all useful…"

I turned to Vanir, expecting him to give me a better answer than Wiz, who seemed to be completely delusional about her own products.

Only to see that he already made his escape.

He didn't want to face reality too, huh?

He probably thought that it was possible to turn Wiz's store around once he took over.

For an all-seeing devil, he sure is short-sighted.

Wiz was smiling as she took out several items from the shelves and placed it on the counter.

She gestured to one that looked like a katana.

"I already have a katana…"

I said, when I looked at the sheathed sword.

When I took it out from its sheath, I did a double take.

"T-This is…!"

It's a reverse-blade sword!

"Is this that famous…?!"

"This sword is special, Kazuma-san! Although it appears to be a reverse-blade sword, that's only an illusion! It's actually a normal edged blade!"

"Then what's the point?"

I put away the sword, ashamed that I got excited for a second.

Having a reverse-blade sword, a sakabato, and acting like the Hitokiri Battousai is the fantasy of many otaku suffering from chuunibyou.

Not that I have chuunibyou.

"...Show me the next item, Wiz."

"A-Ah… Well, the next item is this one! It's a cloud that lets the user fly around on it if they have a righteous heart!"

"Isn't that just the Nimbus Cloud?!"

"Ah, but if you've ever had an impure thought in your life, you won't be able to use it."

"I like how accurate it is, but it's useless for me!"

I'm pretty sure it's useless to almost every sentient being.

After all, I was already having impure thoughts at this moment as I stared at Wiz's chest.

"O-Oh… Then I suppose you won't be interested in this item…"

She gestured to the next item, a ring.

"What does this do?"

"It allows the user to store a spell in it, which they can cast for free at a later time… I know, it's not very useful."

Wait, isn't this actually a really useful item?

It's more useful than anything else she showed.

The fact that Wiz didn't think the item was good showed that it had promise.

"...Wait, is there any other stupid twist to it?"

"N-None of my items have a stupid twist!"

Just to make sure, I used [Lore Reading] on the item.

I wasn't sure if that skill would tell me anything, but it did give me a description of the item.

The item description floated over my eyes in blue text.

"...It seems that Wiz is telling the truth."

"I wouldn't lie about that!"

After deactivating [Lore Reading], I looked at Wiz and said,

"Alright, how much is it?"

"It's 50,000 yen!"

"Forget it!"

I wasn't about to use half of the funds I got from Beldia just for one item.

"E-Ehhh?! F-Fine…! I'll lower it to 45,000!"

"Hmm… That's still too high."

"I need to make a profit, please!"

She started tearing up and sniffed.

"...Then I'll pay you 35,000 yen. Final offer."

"T-That's not a lot…"

I looked around at the empty store to prove a point. Her lips started trembling and she ended up sighing.

"A-Alright! You win! 35,000 yen is the final price!"

I felt a bit bad getting such a big bargain, but Wiz is a proper business owner. She's responsible for her own business.

After I handed her the money, Wiz bowed to me.

"T-Thank you for your business! Maybe I can eat proper meals for a while!"

Now I feel even more guilty for getting a bargain.

Your bond with Wiz has deepened!

Wiz (Lich Shopkeeper), Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, Wiz sees you as a cheap customer who will seek huge bargains when buying her items. With that said, you are now one of her top customers… Actually, you might be her only customer. Shopping in the store will deepen your bond with her.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Drain Touch]!

[Drain Touch] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill

After making contact with the target, you can deal 2 Necrotic damage to the target and absorb 2 Health Points, Mana Points and Stamina Points per second that you stay in contact with the target. You can also distribute Health Points, Mana Points and Stamina Points to other targets.

T-This skill is a game changer!

Not only does it have firepower, but it also fixes my low mana and health stat!

"...Your items are useless, Wiz, but you're useful in a lot of other ways."

"That sounds really ominous when you say it, Kazuma-san…"

Wiz seemed to get the wrong idea when I said that, as she covered up her chest.

Part 5

After making the purchase, I left Wiz's store and went home.

I took my weekly charisma lessons from Kazuto, but this time, I felt like I didn't even need his lessons.

After all, I was clearly in my popular period.

"Girls will like you more if they get jealous of other girls, it brings out the possessiveness instinct in them… Oi, are you listening, nii-san?"

His advice was becoming more like that of a sleazy pick-up artist.

Once the lessons finished, I went upstairs and Appuri-chan notified me of the lesson reward.

"Your brother's awful advice raised your 'Charisma' by +1!"

"If it's that awful, then why is it raising my charisma?"

"Well, it's awful in the sense that it's scummy but it also works… In a scummy kinda way."

She said scummy twice.

I was concerned that my little brother was becoming some kind of playboy, but I wasn't any better in that regard.

Looking through my bond rank-up list, half of the girls there had some kind of crush or the beginnings of a romantic interest in me, with Yunyun as the latest addition on that list.

Not to mention that things between me and Aqua were heating up.

The sight of her breasts were still firmly rooted in my mind, as well as the feeling of her hand around my member.

"Uehehehe!"

"What an awful sound you're making."

While I was taking a bath, I used my private time to think about all the girls who were interested in me.

Based on what the bond descriptions said, Aqua, Rin, Megumin, Yunyun and Darkness, in her own twisted way, were likely developing feelings for me.

Aside from the obvious excitement I felt, there was also a sense of trepidation and uncertainty.

This wasn't an eroge. This was real life, with real people who had different personalities and views on morality and romance. Some might be open to the idea of sharing a partner with other girls, while others might view the very concept with disgust.

I couldn't just put them all in one room and announce, 'You're all part of my harem now!' and have them accept it like a bunch of NPCs who only exist to make me happy.

Did I even want a harem?

Realistically, it seemed like a pain in the ass. Sure, the idea of dating a bunch of beautiful girls was amazing, but that was only considering the good parts of such an arrangement.

I imagined that romance involving multiple people was a lot messier than what was depicted in anime and manga.

So, did that mean that I should stick to just one girl?

If I did that, who would I choose? Would I choose Aqua, who I've fooled around with already? Or Rin, who I've gone on dates with?

Yunyun's cute, Megumin has her own charms, and Darkness…

...Well, she's got her body.

Did I even have feelings for them? Real feelings, not just the lust I felt for Aqua, or the sense of excitement whenever Rin flirted with me at school.

I thought about these things while I was in the bath. It was a long time coming, but the threat of Beldia and Vanir took up a lot of my focus.

It was when my bond with Yunyun got a rank-up earlier, that I started seriously thinking about the girls in my life.

As I got out of the bath, I saw Aqua in the hallway.

"Took you long enough! Why were you in there so long?!"

I couldn't exactly tell her about what I was thinking about. I said,

"I was thoroughly cleaning 'down there' in case something happens tonight…"

She raised a brow and grinned,

"You're expecting something more to happen, huh? Kazuma sure is greedy…"

Neither confirming nor denying anything, she entered the bathroom and closed the door.

As I was thinking hard about my relationships with these girls, I recalled the advice Rin gave me.

Just have fun. You're only a teenager once.

Aqua also told me similar things, saying that she lived her life by following her immediate desires.

Instead of thinking twice about everything, I should trust my instincts more. That doesn't mean I should do whatever I want without worrying about the consequences. It means that I should go along with the flow instead of trying to maneuver through life with some grand strategy.

In my room, I got to reading the third book Rin recommended to me from the bookstore. I had been so busy with the Beldia threat that I couldn't finish reading all of them until now.

"Your 'Creativity' increased by +1!"

Coincidentally, the book tells the story of a king's harem of concubines and how he handled having all sorts of women.

"I see… So that's how it is…"

"Kazuma-san, you sure are taking this book seriously…"

"This king's troubles sure are relatable…"

When I finished reading, Aqua came into my room, freshly bathed. She was wearing a blue tank-top and gray short shorts.

When I saw her, all my worries disappeared.

Harem or not, as long as I didn't go out of my way to break anyone's heart…

It was fine to have some fun, right?

"You look like you came upon a great discovery, Kazuma."

Aqua said, joining me on the bed.

"I decided to live life following the main tenets of the Axis cult…"

"Does that mean you decided to join?!"

"No way."

She pouted but ended up smiling.

"You'll join someday, Kazuma…"

She whispered huskily as she leaned in and kissed me.

It didn't take long for us to intensify our actions, building up from gentle kisses to a passionate make-out session.

I tested out the waters by reaching up to cup her breasts through her top. When she responded with an appreciative moan, I squeezed them harder.

Aqua responded by reaching down to grab my bulge. I let out a groan into her mouth as we kissed.

When I felt a tug on my shorts, I lifted my butt and let her yank it down, along with my boxers. Then I felt those soft hands around my shaft.

"Hah… I can get used to this…"

I gasped, as she started jerking me off.

"Maybe I shouldn't spoil you…"

I kissed her again before she could continue that sentence.

I lasted a bit longer than last time, but the sensations were still too much for a virgin like me. I came after a few minutes of Aqua pumping my member.

As she watched me clean up the mess I made on my lap with tissues, she said,

"Now it's my turn…"

She grinned as she took one of my hands and brought it to her own lap. Then, she made my fingertips slide down her shorts.

I froze as I felt something wet and hot. This was Aqua's…

"Don't tell me you're gonna chicken out, Kazuma."

I frowned when she gave me a smug smirk.

"I won't…! It's Aqua who should fear my technique!"

"...Why should I fear it? I'm supposed to feel good, right?"

Aqua of all people was calling me out for my illogical statements.

Trying to fight through the nervousness I felt, I tried rubbing against the wet slit underneath Aqua's shorts.

It was hard to work with something I couldn't see, but if Aqua wasn't ready to show me yet, I didn't want to insist.

I did my best, working up and down, my fingers gently rubbing over her wet entrance.

"Touch my chest, too…"

She didn't need to tell me twice. My other hand worked her tank-top up, revealing her braless breasts. I took a second to admire them, before reaching up to squeeze one.

Aqua started moaning and squirming, especially after I got brave and slid a finger past her entrance. I didn't do anything crazy, just slowly working her insides with my finger.

When I felt her tense up and squeeze around my finger, I didn't know what to do, until she started shaking. She gripped my arm as she went through her orgasm.

It felt good, knowing I made her feel good. There was the ego factor, too, from making a girl climax.

"Whew… That wasn't bad, Kazuma!"

She wiped some sweat from her brow as I took my hand away from her shorts.

I always felt a tinge of awkwardness after we finished doing something lewd, especially whenever we were trying out a new thing.

It was that uncomfortable weirdness you feel after breaching into the unknown.

Eventually that moment passed and we took out a fighting game and spent the next few hours playing.

"Damnit! This is soooo rigged!"

I won every match, of course.

Part 6

The next day at school, I made sure to socialize with my classmates again. Going back to those guys I interacted with, I gave them some more gaming tips.

"Oh, you're right, Satou! This is more efficient than that popular power leveling exploit!"

I didn't feel like I was part of their friend group yet, but they seemed to enjoy my presence.

"You gained +1 'Bravery' and 'Charisma'!"

I also made sure to talk to Konno-san.

"H-Hi, Konno-san... Wanna study again? Haha..."

"...Sure, but... Why are you being so creepy about it?"

When I looked closer at her face, it wasn't obvious through the thick frames of her glasses and the class-rep hairstyle, but I could still recognize her idol self! To think our class rep was this much of a beauty and no one noticed!

...Well, that's usually how it goes.

I was nervous the whole time and kept glancing at her.

"You're kinda weird today, Satou-san... Maybe we can continue another day."

"Y-Yeah, my bad..."

Because I couldn't get over her the knowledge she was an idol I admired, I couldn't help but act like some gawking fan.

The bond rank didn't improve, either.

I tried not to let the lack of progress bother me and decided to cheer myself up by talking to Rin. During lunch, I went to the library to talk to Rin about the book I finally finished. She said,

"The harem king is an interesting character, isn't he? Even if he's scummy by modern standards, that was pretty much the norm for royalty at the time. It just goes to show that love can take on many forms…"

"It's good to keep an open mind, after all."

She raised a brow at that and smiled.

"Don't worry, I have an open mind, senpai."

How in the world did I get a girl like this to take interest in me?

If it weren't for the nightly sessions I was having with Aqua, I might have gone all in on the student librarian route…

The memories of Aqua's face when she came for me last night prevented me from doing anything hasty.

After school, I tried my best during practice again. I didn't know how powerful the next Demon King generals were, but I prepared myself to face any threat.

"It's good that you're working hard, but don't push yourself to the point of breaking."

Mitsurugi said, as I finished some sprints.

"...We both know a healer. We can just have her fix us even if we get injured."

Mitsurugi blinked, then laughed.

"You're one crazy guy, Satou…"

That practice, I focused on sprints, pushing my cardio to its limits and improving my footwork with agility drills.

"Your 'Stamina', 'Speed', 'Dexterity' and 'Willpower' increased by +2!"

Thanks to all the advice and training Mitsurugi gave me, it got easier for me to focus on which stat I wanted to raise.

This intense training had its drawbacks, though.

I was exhausted by the time training ended, my stamina bar down to single digits.

Since it was Tuesday, I wanted to do some part-time work at the grocery store, but my stamina was too low.

Then, I got an idea.

First, I went to the dungeon.

"Guyihhh?!"

The gremlin I encountered on the first floor let out an unpleasant noise.

I absorbed its stamina with Drain Touch.

After draining the gremlin's life force, I restored my stamina while also getting 100 yen's worth of loot and 2 exp.

I did that five more times, filling my stamina bar to full and getting 10 exp and 1,000 yen in total, from all the gremlin loot I sold through the inventory.

It wasn't much, but my main goal was to drain energy from the gremlins. The exp and money was just an added benefit.

After I left the dungeon, I headed over to my part-time work.

An hour into my shift, an angry salaryman tried to blame me because he accidentally spilled tea on his pants, making it look like he wet himself.

I patiently endured his tirade with a smile until he got bored of yelling at me and went away.

When my shift ended, my boss handed me my pay.

"Good work. Here's a little extra for dealing with that asshole."

I received 4,000 yen, as well as a bonus +2 in 'Bravery' and 'Willpower' for putting up with that salaryman.

With my shift over, I headed home and ate dinner, before heading to the backyard to practice my magic.

I brought Aqua out with me.

"I don't get why you need me here to practice your magic… Owww?!"

I used [Drain Touch] on her to replenish my mana.

"Wait, Kazuma, that was a Lich skill, wasn't it?! Where'd you learn that?!"

I avoided her gaze.

"Not telling."

"I'm not gonna come to your room for the next week if you don't tell me."

"Her name is Wiz. She owns a magic store downtown called 'Wiz Magic Store. Here, let me give you directions."

I had no choice but to snitch on Wiz.

With Aqua leaving to confront Wiz, I resumed my magic training, aiming for the cans that functioned as my targets.

"You gained +1 'Magic Power' and 'Mana Capacity'!"

I wanted to gain more increases, but I couldn't do much just from shooting cans with beginner magic.

Seeking advice from Megumin was an option, but I knew she'd just go off on a rant about explosion magic.

...It was then that I started to get worried about Wiz. I headed over to her store just to make sure Aqua didn't try to exorcize Wiz.

I was too late.

"Please spare me, Aqua-samaaaa!"

"You're the one who's been corrupting Kazuma, huh?! I've been smelling all kinds of stink on him recently! So it's from here!"

"Vanir-san, help me!"

"Unhand the unfortunate storekeeper, you mad goddess! She still has to make money for me!"

"Money, money, money! As expected of a devil, that's all you're concerned about, huh?!"

I ended up in a holy battlefield.

"Aqua... They're running a legitimate business here, so stop harassing them."

I pulled Aqua back, making Wiz sigh in relief. I noticed that Wiz was starting to go transparent.

"It took you long enough, boy! What are you going to do about all the potions that goddess purified! It's all just vials of normal water now!"

I looked at the vials that were once filled with colorful, bright liquid, now containing water.

I was about to apologize, then I remembered about the nature of Wiz's items.

"...First, tell me what those potions did before becoming water?"

"That doesn't matter."

So they were useless potions.

"I won't pay for these, since it seems like Aqua just did you a favor by clearing your useless items."

"Fine! But just take that raving mad goddess of yours away before she makes the shopkeeper completely transparent!"

"...I feel so weak."

I dragged Aqua away from the store to spare Wiz. Aqua followed me eventually, after some struggling and fussing. Then, she said,

"That disgusting Lich! How dare she operate a store even if she's just a lowly lich!"

"It's not like she's making a lot of money. She's barely making enough to make rent. Would you prefer if she was homeless?"

"Creature comforts are too much for a mere undead!"

Since Aqua was a goddess, it was natural that she'd hate undead and devils.

I knew her enough that I felt safe giving her Wiz's address, though. Aqua was surprisingly soft when it came to people who needed protection, and Wiz was one such creature that brought out the urge to protect her.

Still...

"Try not to cause them too much trouble."

I made sure to give her a proper warning.

Part 7

The next day, when I went to school, after doing my best to pay attention in class, I went over to the guys who were interested in games again.

When I came around, they were in a bad mood.

"Oh, Satou… Sup?"

I was familiar with the empty expressions they had. That was the face of someone who lost all their gear after a party wipe.

"It's not our fault! There's this OP player killer who's going around stealing and looting other players! They're max level, so they don't gain anything from our loot! They're just doing it for fun!"

I didn't really care about their problems, since I didn't play the game.

The copy of 'Myriad Swords 2' I bought was collecting dust in my room.

But if these guys were in a bad mood all the time from losing their stuff, I couldn't farm them for stat increases during break times.

"Just leave it to me."

I said, giving them a confident smile.

"Eh? Um… Sure…"

Not convinced by my declaration, they went back to sulking.

"New Side-Quest Unlocked! Defeat the Player Killer on Myriad Swords 2! Quest Rewards: +2 Intelligence, +2 Willpower."

…

…

"You gained +1 in 'Speed', 'Dexterity' and 'Stamina'!"

Even though I pushed myself in practice, I didn't gain +2 increases in my stats.

I had encountered this before, I was close to hitting my physical limits.

Just like when I had to keep increasing the laps I had to run, or the intensity of my sprints, in order to see improvement.

Or when the exp yield for defeating floor 1 monsters decreased from 5 exp to 2.

If I wanted to gain my increases in stats again, I'd have to intensify my practice even further.

When I asked Mitsurugi for advice, he said,

"When it comes to physical training, doing the same exercise over and over will make your strength gains stagnate. You need to shock it every once in a while, to stimulate growth."

"What do you suggest?"

"Hmm… Well, the most efficient way to improve your body is to lift weights. Maybe go to a gym?"

"L-Lifting weights, huh…? Do you do that, Mitsurugi?"

"Yup! I go to the recreational center near my place."

I couldn't really imagine myself lifting weights, but Mitsurugi's advice had benefited me a lot so far.

"...Humu. I guess I'll check out the local gym some time, then."

"Uwa… I can't believe Satou is actually going to the gym."

"You're the one who suggested it."

"I know, but it doesn't really fit my image of you."

I couldn't disagree, because I thought the same thing.

After practice, I went to the dungeon again and used [Drain Touch] on some low level pipsqueaks to restore my stamina.

Once again, I gained 1,000 yen and 10 exp in addition.

Since this was an efficient way to gain exp, money and stamina after practice, I decided to add this to my daily routine.

Once I left the dungeon, I decided to check out the gym. It was a place of interest in the 'Location Finder' feature, anyway. Mitsurugi's advice gave me the incentive I needed to check it out.

When I entered the gym, I immediately felt insecure.

There were buff guys all around, and some women who looked like fitness models you'd see on social media.

I wasn't exactly coming in straight out of my NEET body form, since I was doing lots of exercise, but my physique paled in comparison to theirs.

Just when I was thinking of turning around and leaving, a female receptionist called out to me.

"Hello, sir. Can I help you?"

She was a beautiful blonde woman who was wearing a rather low-cut blouse that showed off her big chest. Her blonde hair and body made it seem like she was a foreigner, like Darkness.

"O-Oh, um… I was wondering how much I have to pay for a day pass…"

Charmed by this blonde beauty, I walked over to the reception table, even though I was planning to leave.

"I can help you with that! A day pass is 400 yen! We also include gym memberships and training to those who are interested!"

I didn't really want to pay for a membership, since I heard those can get very expensive, and I didn't want a trainer breathing down my neck as I lifted weights.

"Alright… Then I'll pay for a day pass…"

"Certainly! Thank you very much!"

She gave me a paper wristband before letting me in.

I looked at her name tag and saw her name is Luna. It didn't sound like a Japanese name, meaning she really was a foreigner. Her Japanese was fluent but she had a slight accent, too.

The accent meant that she wasn't an app-user, since the translation feature of the app gave a perfect Japanese accent to Darkness whenever she spoke.

I went to the changing room first and put on my PE uniform, since going in my regular school uniform probably wasn't the best idea.

Looking around the gym, I didn't really know what to do, so I texted Mitsurugi and asked for his advice.

Mitsurugi: Normally, you should divide the muscle groups you want to work out, but you do have Aqua-sama to heal you. You can honestly just go for a full-body workout every time and not worry about rest days.

Kazuma: I see. What kind of workouts should I focus on first?

Mitsurugi: Well, all muscles are important, but you're focusing on functional strength, so don't go crazy isolating vanity muscles like biceps and traps. Some workouts I suggest are squats, deadlifts, pull-ups, bench-press, and overhead press.

I was already warmed up from soccer practice and fighting those monsters, so I didn't do too many stretches and warmups before starting.

Mitsurugi sent me some videos of the exercises he recommended for me to do, and he also advised me to go light at first, adding more weights if it's too easy.

I started with the deadlift first, waiting for a girl to finish using the barbell.

It took all my effort not to check out her toned butt as she did the exercise. I didn't want to get kicked out of the gym for perving out, after all.

When it was my turn, I took out some of the weights she put on until it looked light enough, then started lifting like the videos showed, using alternating grips to pull the barbell up.

Mitsurugi told me to activate my glutes, abs, thighs and my lower back to lift it up. My natural instinct was to use my arms to pick it up, but apparently that wasn't the point of the exercise. I still felt some burn in my arms, though.

I added a bit more weights when I felt it was too light and repeated the exercise with breaks in between, for three sets and eight reps.

I spent the next couple hours going through the other exercises, exhausted by the end.

"You gained +2 'Strength', 'Stamina' and 'Willpower'!"

Mitsurugi told me that it was a good idea to take in protein after the workout. I went to the gym's vending machine and bought a protein shake for 300 yen, gulping down the chocolate flavored shake.

I took a shower in the gym changing room and put my school uniform back on, before limping away to the train station and heading back home.

"Geez, Kazuma, what happened to you?"

Aqua said, looking at me as I staggered home.

When she used [Heal] on me, I was back to normal.

Maybe if I could convince Aqua to workout with me, I could ask her to keep healing on me and I could, theoretically, workout without ever needing to rest.

When I asked Aqua, she immediately shook her head.

"No way! That sounds like too much effort! I'd rather watch TV all day!"

That was her answer.
Last edited: Sep 18, 2024
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, JOJOBRN and 418 others
BoringBone
Sep 18, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 17: Cursing This Scumbag with Revenge!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 19, 2024
Add bookmark
#337
Chapter 17: Cursing This Scumbag with Revenge!

Part 1

After fooling around with Aqua for a bit, I decided to take out my copy of Myriad Swords 2.

This was the game I purchased before I discovered the dungeon. I had been so busy with the dungeon and everything else that I didn't even take the CD out of the box yet.

The reason I was playing this game was to help out my classmates, who were having trouble with a Player Killer.

This PKer was killing low level players for the fun of it.

"Ohh… Playing a game, huh? If Kazuma-san wants, I can search the internet for the most OP build for you to use!"

"No need."

"Ehh… Even though I just wanted to help…"

"Hmm… There is something you can help me with, Appuri-chan."

"Oh? What is it?"

"Find me a site that sells max level accounts."

"Huh?! That's cheating?! Aren't you gonna embrace the grind?!"

"Huh? Do I look like I have the time to do that? I have a bunch of girls who want me, and I'm the badass who defeated a Demon King general. I don't have the time to grind up a new account."

The old me would have sneered at this statement.

I wasn't a NEET anymore. I didn't have time to pour in endless amount of hours, grinding up a level 1 account to max.

Despite Appuri-chan's complaints, she still helped me look for a seller.

The cheapest seller was willing to sell their max level account for 10,000 yen.

"Damn, that's so expensive!"

I knew that max level accounts sold for quite a lot, but I didn't think that the cheapest one would sell for that much.

"Hmm… Is it even worth doing this side quest? I mean, it gives +2 to 'Intelligence' and 'Willpower', but I can just raise those naturally… The money investment isn't worth it."

"Don't you want to help your classmates?! That PKer can't get away with this!"

I remembered the days when I used to be into MMOs. Whenever there was a PKer, I would lead my guild in an effort to bring them to justice.

A part of me that remained from those days wanted to put this PKer in their place.

That said, I really didn't have time to invest in this game.

It felt like the past and present versions of me were clashing with each other. In the past, if I had the money, I wouldn't have hesitated putting this kind of money into the game. It was a worthwhile investment in my eyes, since the only thing I cared about was having fun playing video games.

Now that I had a job and had to earn money, now that I had to risk my life fighting the Demon King army and training in the dungeon, I knew full well the value of money. That 10,000 yen I was paying for the account was the accumulation of my hard work at the grocery store, as well as my reward for beating Beldia in a battle to the death.

Did I really want to use that money that I spilled sweat and blood for, on a max level account for a video game?

In the end, I decided to do it.

It wasn't like I was doing this for fun. I did get stat increases, and I could raise my popularity with my classmates if I finished this quest.

And maybe a part of me also wanted to try playing a video game, after a long break from it.

After all, it's important to move forward from a past you're ashamed of, but nothing good comes from forgetting your roots.

I purchased the account and renamed the character to my old handle 'RNGod'. I wondered if my old guild members transitioned to Myriad Swords 2. We played the original one together for years. It was hard to imagine that they wouldn't play the sequel.

Would they recognize me from my handle? Would they forgive me for not playing, even though I promised to play it all with them when the sequel came out?

I didn't even know if they'd miss me. I mean, I was the top player and the guild leader, but to them, I was just some rando they played with. Even my protege in the guild, Dark+Angel, must have forgotten about me by now. After all, she was a gamer girl who had a bunch of simps everywhere she went.

After purchasing the account, my next objective was to bait the PKer into fighting me.

"Eh… Is it really safe to do that at the moment? You don't even have any powerful gear. You won't survive."

"I don't need powerful gear."

"Y-You sure are confident, huh? But the PKer might not target you if you don't have good loot."

"Didn't you hear what those guys said? The PKer doesn't care about taking loot from players. They're doing this for the fun of it. This PKer will attack me regardless of what gear I have."

I went to a random grinding spot and slayed some monsters for a while. After some time, I saw another player with a red username, indicating that they were a player killer.

Their avatar was geared up like a complete edgelord, all black with a bunch of skulls, with a flaming scythe as their weapon. Their username was 'xXx_VengeanceSoldier666_xXx'.

"Hm? Kazuma-san, you lost -1 HP for some reason…"

I actually took damage from all the edge.

Due to the equipment difference, I was swiftly defeated by the PKer.

"Aww… I told you to get better weapons, Kazuma-san!"

"It's not a big deal. I was just scouting his build. What's the point in investing in a bunch of powerful items if we don't even know what we're dealing with?"

"As expected of a former Shut-in NEET! You really know a bunch of useless information that will not benefit you at all in real society!"

I really needed to ask Aqua to adjust Appuri-chan's smugness settings. Although I doubted Aqua actually knew how to use her stolen tech beyond surface-level adjustments.

Reluctantly, I spent 5,000 yen to buy the necessary equipment. At this point, I was beginning to think this whole thing was a sunk-cost investment, with how I kept pouring money in with the justification that since I already got this far, there was no point in backing down now.

Once I dealt with the equipment, I used the free respec that all accounts get once they hit a certain level, focusing on putting my Skill Points on a build that directly countered the PKer's.

Going back to another grinding spot, I waited for the PKer to come again. This time, I was prepared for him. Not only did I counter his build, I also memorized all his attack patterns. It didn't take long until I killed the PKer.

When you kill a PKer in the Myriad Swords series, you earn a bounty based on how many players they killed. You also don't gain the PKer status for killing them.

There is also a bounty board where the status of PKers are updated. When the board registered my kill, multiple players sent me DMs, asking me how I accomplished the feat. Instead of telling them what I did, I got the idea to sell my account to the highest bidder.

I ended up making a profit from all the money I spent on this account, gaining 20,000 yen from the auction. Selling the bounty money I gained to real-life currency earned me an extra 2,000 yen.

"You defeated the PKer! Quest Rewards: +2 Intelligence, +2 Willpower!"

Part 2

"Whoa, you actually defeated the PKer?!"

"I was wondering who did it!"

"You sold your account for a bunch of money, right?!"

My gamer classmates were overjoyed when I showed them proof that I defeated the infamous PKer.

I grinned and scratched my nose.

"He wasn't such a big deal in the end."

"You earned the respect of your classmates! 'Charisma' increased by +2!"

Meanwhile, Konno-san was watching me from her desk.

"...I thought that you were putting serious efforts into studying, but here you are playing some kind of video game."

I managed to grow a bond with her, but I honestly didn't see it advancing past rank 1. Not only did I keep giving a bad impression on her, but I couldn't get over the fact that she was actually a famous idol in disguise.

"I-I'm studying properly, Konno-san!"

"If you say so."

She didn't believe me at all.

...

...

There wasn't any soccer practice after school, since there was a big game coming up, which would qualify us for the nationals if we won.

The coach declared this once we showed up to the changing room. He was standing outside the building, a wide grin on his face.

"Rest up, everyone! I want you in tip-top shape for the game on Thursday!"

He didn't know that I could just ask Aqua to heal me even if I got exhausted or received an injury. Still, I didn't have a reason to go against the coach's decision.

I was heading out when Mitsurugi caught up to me.

"Hey, Satou. You started going to the gym, right? How about I come with you today to give you some pointers?"

"...I didn't ask for a trainer because I didn't want some guy barking orders at me while I worked out."

"I'm not gonna bark orders at you. Rather, if I was a girl, are you saying you'd be fine with that?"

"Absolutely."

"Wah… You're something else, Satou. So you really don't want my help?"

Without a real good reason to refuse him, I agreed to have him come along with me to the gym.

We walked over to the gym, where I saw the receptionist, Luna, again. I wondered if she worked here all day, since I also saw her taking the evening shift last time.

She smiled, a look of recognition on her face when she saw me.

"Welcome back, Satou-san! Oh, did you bring a friend today?"

She said, glancing over at Mitsurugi.

"He's not really…"

"You get a free day pass for referring a friend!"

"We're practically besties~!"

Mitsurugi made a disgusted face at my behavior.

He had to pay the normal 400 yen entrance fee, while I got in without paying. Mitsurugi showed that he had potential as a teacher, as he taught me well when it came to soccer, a talent that translated over to weightlifting, too.

"Do you have some kind of teaching skill, Mitsurugi?"

I asked, after I finished a bench press session, with him helping me lift the final rep as I reached failure.

"Erm, yeah. I actually learned it through our Bond…"

"O-Oh, I see."

It was awkward as hell talking about our bond, so we quickly moved onto talking more about working out.

"You gained +2 'Strength', 'Stamina' and 'Willpower'!"

We drank some protein shakes, costing me 300 yen. Mitsurugi convinced me to pay for his, since he gave me advice and helped me with my workout. He probably just wanted to go even since I got in for free.

I went home after we separated ways, getting Aqua to heal me up when I arrived. Once I finished dinner, I was about to do some homework when I got a text from Yunyun.

Yunyun was the type who sent a bunch of texts, then even more texts explaining those texts, then another onslaught of texts apologizing for being a bother, until she went completely silent. This cycle repeats itself every few days. Since I had gotten used to this behavior, I was about to ignore her text, but the content of it got my attention.

Yunyun: Kazuma-san! This is an emergency! The kobolds are rebelling against us!

This wasn't the kind of news I expected from her. I texted back,

Kazuma: You're an Arch-Wizard. That's an advanced class, right? Just scare them a bit with your fancy magic, and they should behave.

Yunyun: I already tried, but the kobolds are way stronger now than before!

I stared at the screen incredulously, before sighing once I thought I figured out what she was trying to do.

Kazuma: …You don't need to come up with tall tales just to get me to hang out with you, Yunyun.

Yunyun: I'm not lying! Please look at this!

She sent me a video file. I opened it and played it, seeing that Yunyun had filmed the kobolds.

I expected to see the usual kobolds, but these ones were different from before, like Yunyun claimed. They had a tangible aura around them, and I could tell from their movements that they got faster.

Furthermore, leading them as they marched and raised their weapons was a bigger kobold. It was more muscular and human-like in its facial expression and the way it carried itself. It also looked like it was carrying some kind of magic sword, which made me wonder if that was a dungeon treasure or something it looted from a cheat-user.

Yunyun: The kobolds are more organized now and they're tougher! My magic isn't enough to deal with them! Please help, Kazuma-san!

Kazuma: Have you asked Megumin for help yet?"

Yunyun: No, I haven't!

Kazuma: Please keep it that way.

If Megumin heard that the kobolds gained an unknown power out of nowhere, she'd think that it was a cool development and come to the dungeon, immediately casting explosion magic on the kobolds. She might take them out, but she would also take out everyone in the vicinity, including herself.

"Oi, Aqua, we're heading out!"

I said, grabbing her wrist and pulling her from the sofa, where she was watching some braindead comedy show with Kazuto.

She resisted my pull, showing that absurd strength of hers that went to waste since she never used it.

"Eh? Why? I'm content relaxing here on the sofa all night!"

"This isn't the time to be lazy! There's an emergency!"

Kazuto raised a brow at me, turning from his seat on the sofa to look at me.

"Hah? What emergency? Did nii-san brag to his classmates that he has a girlfriend and now he's being pressured to introduce one? And since nii-san doesn't have any girls he can rely on, he's unashamedly trying to use nee-chan?"

He came out with such a delusional, yet painfully realistic scenario that I might find myself in.

"No, not that! Aqua, you know what I mean when I say 'emergency', right?!"

She blinked, not understanding what I was getting at.

"...I don't really get it, but I have a feeling that whatever this is, Kazuma did this to himself and you need to face the consequences of your actions. You deal with it yourself."

She was really perceptive at the most inconvenient times.

Even though I didn't want to deal with an unknown threat without Aqua, I left her at home and went to the train station on my own. I couldn't just leave Yunyun to fend for herself. And if I did that, the worst case scenario was that she'd call Megumin for backup, and that would just turn a bad situation into the worst case scenario.

Part 3

Yunyun was at the entrance of the dungeon, a worried look on her face. She looked out of sorts, and I could tell that she really did have problems dealing with the kobolds.

"Kazuma-san! There you are!"

"...So are these kobolds really that tough now?"

She quickly nodded her head.

"Yes! Their magic resistance, speed, strength… Everything increased! And that big kobold acting like their leader is really tough!"

"Let's go in. I wanna take a look."

She agreed and followed me inside the dungeon. We walked through the first floor, Yunyun easily clearing the goblins that attacked us with her magic.

In this way, we reached the second floor without any problems. I expected the kobolds to fill the entire second floor in their mutiny, but there were only the standard monsters around, such as imps and ghouls.

"Are the kobolds still in their hidden area?"

I asked, as I watched Yunyun frying some helpless imps with fire magic.

"I went over to hang out with them, but they chased me out all the way to the first floor. They must have gone back to their hidden city…"

The 30-foot radius of my maxed out [Enemy Detection] was a wide range, especially within the confines of the dungeon. Its one weakness was that long-ranged attacks going beyond the detection radius wouldn't register until it was too late, especially against a hidden opponent.

"...! Yunyun, watch out!"

When I saw the arrow flying towards us, I called out a warning to Yunyun. I should have worried about myself, though.

"Gurk!"

The arrow pierced through my shoulder, making me cry out in pain.

"Kazuma-san! You lost 5 Hit Points! Your armor reduced it by +5!"

That meant that these things were doing 10 damage just from one attack.

"Yunyun, we should teleport out of here…!"

"Y-Yes…!"

I was about to reach for Yunyun's hand, but another arrow whizzed past the space between us, making us draw our hand back.

"Wan…! Wan!"

A loud, booming voice emerged from the kobolds. I turned to see the big kobold that Yunyun was talking about.

Looking at the big kobold, I activated my [Lore Reading] skill. Words appeared in front of my eyes, explaining to me what this creature was.

Kobold Hero

An evolved kobold. Arises when a courageous kobold has decided to rebel against their transgressors.

A courageous kobold…

That reminded me of the kobold child who always opposed me, when the others didn't.

I looked into the kobold's eyes and I saw the same impudent look.

This was the same young kobold.

"Yunyun, try again…!"

Before I could even turn my head, I saw a flash of steel.

…Eh? Why is the room upside down?

Wait, is that my body?

"Kazuma-san…!"

The last thing I heard was Yunyun's horrified scream.

Part 4

A familiar space greeted me, a seemingly featureless, white space with a big chair in the middle of it. The room didn't seem to have dimensions, but I could tell that it had a finite quality. Sitting on that chair was a beautiful girl with long, silver hair and kind, blue eyes. She wore a nun-habit and had graceful features.

I knew immediately that she was a goddess like Aqua. No human girl could look as beautiful as this.

"...Did I die?"

That was the only thing I could think of, based on what happened.

My head went rolling off my shoulders after the Kobold Hero decapitated me. Then I ended up in the heavenly realm of this goddess.

She gave me a sympathetic smile.

"Yes. I'm sorry, Satou Kazuma-san. You died in battle against a Kobold Hero."

"I see… Well, I guess I'll wait a few minutes. You got any snacks or something?"

She blinked in surprise.

"Um… Why are you so calm right now?"

"Well, I have this Arch-Priest living with me who has the [Resurrection] spell, so I just need to wait for her to revive me."

She blinked and said,

"That may be true, but… Your body needs to be close to the caster to use that skill."

That made me pause.

I just assumed that Yunyun would have successfully retrieved my body, but…

When I thought about it, she didn't know about Aqua knowing the resurrection spell!

Once she saw me dying, the normal reaction would be to try and fight the ones who killed me, or teleport away, not try to retrieve my corpse.

"Quick! Goddess-sama, can you let me see what's happening down there?!"

I rushed over to the goddess and held her by the shoulders.

"Eep! Um, just call me Eris! And I can't do that for you…"

Eris… That was the goddess who Darkness and Chris worked for. From what I heard, she seemed to disagree with Aqua's methods and was working to retrieve the cheat items from adventurers.

This is bad! I didn't know the relationship between them, but I did hear Aqua always insulting Eris! She was always muttering something about Eris padding her chest!

I didn't mention Aqua, but if she disliked Aqua and found out that I was trying to use Aqua to resurrect me… She might not allow that!

And she just said that she couldn't help me… This is really bad!

"Why can't you help me, Eris-sama?!"

"It's not that I don't want to help you, but you're dead now. The only thing I can really do is help you move onto the afterlife."

The afterlife… That means heaven, right?

That didn't sound so bad. Heaven was always depicted as a paradise, after all.

But when I thought about my life, all the friends I made, even my family, who I started talking to again after all those years of awkwardness.

Something wet and hot gathered around my eyes. Before I realized it, I was crying.

"...! Kazuma-kun! You're…"

"I-It's just allergies!"

I said, giving some lame excuse while I rubbed my eyes.

"There's no allergens in this realm, well… I get it. You were blessed with kind encounters, weren't you?"

I wiped the last of my tears and nodded.

"Yeah. I guess I was."

I didn't want to go. Not yet. Especially since that Kobold Hero was running around because of me. If Mitsurugi or the other girls heard about my death, those idiots would surely come running to the dungeon to avenge me.

Megumin might try to blow up the whole dungeon.

Eris-sama had a conflicted look on her face. She said,

"...I'm sorry, but I have to send you to heaven now."

"...!"

She chuckled and looked to the side.

"Eh? Ah, it looks like I have a meeting with the higher ups today… I completely forgot!"

"Eris-sama...?"

She winked at me and placed a finger over her lips.

"I'm sorry, but I can't send you to heaven just yet, Kazuma-kun. I have to go to a meeting now… Ah, this remote over here will allow you to view the mortal realm, but please don't touch it!"

She was helping me…

Eris-sama… She was a really good girl, wasn't she?!

If I didn't already have a bunch of girls to consider, I would have seriously gunned for her!

"...I'll just wait here for you, then, Eris-sama."

"Please do!"

I watched her go, a door suddenly appearing in the realm and opening for her. She gave me a final smile before leaving.

I took the remote and clicked the 'on' button. Suddenly, a projection appeared in front of me. For some reason, I saw Darkness on the other end. She was in a fancy dress, having dinner with a bunch of other people in formal wear.

"...? Why is Eris-sama watching Darkness? Well, I guess Darkness does work for her."

I changed channels, hoping that I'd see a channel that would show where I died.

"There it is…!"

I saw the dungeon floor where I died. My body was on the ground, still bleeding. Yunyun was kneeling over my headless body and crying.

The Kobold Hero walked up to her. I thought he would try to attack her, but he said,

"...Since you were once kind to us. I will spare you."

My [Monster Talk] skill allowed me to understand him.

The kobolds turned around and left Yunyun with my body.

"What should I do…?! Ah, his head… Maybe… They can heal it? No, there's no way that's possible…!"

It was frustrating, watching all this without the ability to do anything about it.

We should have been more organized. We were fighting in a war, but we never told each other the extent of our abilities. That was so stupid in hindsight.

I already knew how serious this all was, but part of me still treated it like a game.

I looked through the remote, looking for anything that would let me communicate somehow with Yunyun. When I saw a microphone button, I got excited, thinking that it would let me talk to those in the mortal world. But it was just a microphone feature that would let me use the remote with my voice.

One part did catch my attention, though. There was a paired device feature.

I clicked on that and saw that with the remote, I could pair it with other divine devices. In the list of devices, I saw an option for 'Adventurer's Card App'.

It made sense that the app was considered 'divine'. Aqua created the app, and Eris-sama did seem to regularly communicate with Darkness and Chris somehow. She probably used this paired devices feature to do so.

"Satou Kazuma."

I spoke into the microphone, watching the text bar fill up with my name. One device showed up in the results, even displaying what kind of product my phone was.

When I paired up with my phone, a voice came out from the remote speaker.

"...Hah? Someone named Eris has paired to my device… Don't tell me this is that goddess that mama doesn't like?!"

I heard Appuri-chan's voice. Connecting to my phone meant that I could now talk to Appuri-chan.

"Wait, it's me! I'm in Eris-sama's realm right now!"

"Kazuma-san?! You… You're fine…! Thank goodness…!"

It was odd to hear such emotion in Appuri-chan's voice. It made me smile, hearing that she actually cared about me.

"Appuri-chan, quick! Please send a text message to Yunyun! Tell her that Aqua knows the resurrection spell and to bring my head and body to her!"

"Alright, I can do that!"

In a matter of seconds, Yunyun's phone buzzed in her pocket. With tears, she took out her phone and almost dropped it when she saw it was a text from me.

"K-Kazuma-san?! Wait, you're alive?! Huh? I… I don't get what's going on!"

Poor Yunyun not only had to deal with seeing me die in front of her. She now also received a text message from beyond the grave.

"Appuri-chan. Tell her not to panic and to listen to my instructions!"

"Got it!"

It took Yunyun a while, but she eventually managed to take a long, calming breath.

After that, she looked at the body.

"H-How do I bring this out without panicking people…?"

She didn't have a teleportation mark to my place, so she'd have to bring my body out of the dungeon. That was a one way ticket to a jail cell.

I didn't like having to do this to my own body, but I didn't have a choice.

"...Appuri-chan. Can you put a corpse in the inventory?"

"...Yes, it's possible as long as it's not alive. Your body is technically an object right now."

That was a morbid thought.

"Tell her to do that, then."

When Yunyun received the text, her eyes widened and she looked down at her phone.

"...I guess this is better than carrying his corpse."

She took her phone out and held it over my body and head. One by one, they disappeared as if they were never there. Only the blood remained.

"...Eh? Kazuma-san's body is only worth 1,000 Yen?"

I didn't need to hear that. At all.

Part 5

When Eris-sama came back, I had already put the remote away.

"Ah… That sure was a long meeting! Sorry to keep you waiting!"

I didn't know why Eris-sama decided to help me, but all I could do was give her an appreciative smile.

"Well, then… I suppose it's time to send you to heaven…"

All of a sudden, we heard a familiar voice.

"Oi, Kazuma! I've resurrected you now! Good grief… Dying to some lowly kobold. Pufufufu!"

"I-It wasn't some ordinary Kobold! It was an evolved Kobold!"

"Well, you should come back now!"

"Um, well… I'm supposed to go to heaven now."

"Hah? Who's telling you that? I bet it's that no-good, textbook goody-goody Eris, right?! Tell her not to interfere with me! I'm her senpai, her senpai, got it?!"

Eris-sama sighed and rubbed her forehead.

"That Aqua-senpai… Willful as always. She's even causing so many problems by giving all those divine artifacts to the heroes!"

I almost thought that Eris-sama would prevent me from resurrecting once she found out that Aqua was the one helping me. However, she just smiled.

"Kazuma-san, please be careful from now on. You defeated the dullahan, Beldia, and for that, we are expecting a lot out of you."

I was a bit surprised that she'd recognize my achievement. She also implied that her superiors were aware of my victory over Beldia.

Was that the reason why they were making an exception for me?

I gave her a smile.

"Um, I know that it's hard to believe since I died to a Kobold, but I'll do my best to protect this world, and the other world, too."

"I'm looking forward to your future exploits!"

We heard Aqua's voice again below.

"Oiii! What's taking so long, Kazuma?! Tell that hussy Eris to send you down already, or I'll tell everyone about how she pads her chest!"

Eris-sama blushed and waved her hand, making a shining circle appear underneath me.

In the next moment, I felt a surge of motion. Then, I found myself lying on my back, my head on top of Aqua's lap, as she looked down at me.

She sighed in relief.

"Ah, there he is."

Yunyun teared up and leaned down to hug my head.

"I'm so glad!"

I looked up gratefully at Yunyun. She did so much for me and suffered through the horrible sight of seeing me die in such a brutal manner.

"Thanks for saving me, Yunyun."

"Ehehe… You're welcome!"

I looked around and saw that we were in my room. My neck was stiff from where the Kobold Hero decapitated me. Rubbing it made me wince.

"So, what do we do now, Kazuma? We can't just let that Kobold run around in the dungeon."

I sighed when Aqua reminded me that it was my responsibility that the impudent, young Kobold managed to evolve.

"We'll have to gather people with the right skillset to handle these Kobolds."

This was all my fault, but that didn't mean that I wanted to risk my life again. I had enough shows of bravery with Vanir and Beldia. This time, I actually died.

"I'll make some calls and gather everyone later."

I thanked Yunyun again before she teleported home. Once she left, Appuri-chan alerted me,

"Your bond with Yunyun has increased!"

Yunyun (Lonely Stalker), Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, You've gotten closer to Yunyun after she saved you from death. This dangerous experience has caused her to have feelings of protectiveness over you. Her feelings for you are growing even more. If you keep flirting with her, she might develop feelings for you…? Although if she gets too attached to you, it could end up being problematic.

Bond Reward: You learned the skill [Scroll Adept]!

[Scroll Adept] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Whenever you use a spell scroll, you can cast a spell you don't know if you use twice as much mana.

Considering how expensive magic items were, if I were to use a spell scroll, I'd either have to haggle Wiz down to afford one, or try my luck at finding a spell scroll in the dungeon. The ability to use spells I didn't know yet was a powerful one, though, so I made sure to keep this skill in mind.

Part 6

Mitsurugi looked around at all the others I gathered, who were Darkness, Chris, Aqua, Yunyun and myself. His eyes settled on Aqua.

"Aqua-sama… To think that you'd join this exhibition. Your kindness is truly admirable!"

He started simping for her right away.

Aqua soaked all the praise in unashamedly.

"Kishishi! Of course, I won't let my wonderful followers fight this dangerous enemy by themselves!"

It was nighttime and the streets were busy, with lots of people walking by us. To them, we must have looked like teens meeting up to hang out, as we were all in our casual clothing.

Darkness bowed to Mitsurugi.

"It's a pleasure to meet you for the first time…"

Mitsurugi blushed and bowed back to her.

"A-Ah, yes, nice to meet you."

He was probably thinking that Darkness was one high-class oujo-sama, especially since she was still wearing that fancy dress from before. Like always, he didn't know the full story.

Chris placed her hands behind her head.

"So… This is the team you gathered, Kazuma-kun?"

Her eyes landed on Yunyun, who moved away and stood behind me shyly.

I nodded to Chris.

"Yup. I feel like this group has the best chances of winning…"

"I see. Then how come you didn't invite me?"

I flinched when I heard Megumin's voice behind me. She placed her hand on my shoulder, gripping it tight.

I gave Yunyun the side-eye, but she just waved her hands around in a panic.

"U-Um… I didn't tell her!"

Megumin scoffed and said,

"I was just walking around here and saw all of you. So I came over and heard everything you said."

I was supposed to have high Luck, wasn't I?!

"Listen, Megumin. There's no way we can bring you."

"Why not?! Surely I'm much more useful than Darkness who can't hit anything but makes strange noises when she's the one getting hit!"

Darkness blushed and opened and closed her mouth several times, but she couldn't argue with Megumin. Chris just sighed while Mitsurugi looked confused. He said,

"Eh? Little girl, what do you mean by that?"

"Little girl?! Did you just call me a little girl?! Oi, how old are you?!"

"Um, I'm 16..."

"You're only two years older than me, then, little boy!"

"I'm sorry! I thought you were much younger!"

I had to separate the both of them before Megumin could get even more violent.

Rather than have Megumin cause a big commotion, I reluctantly agreed to let her join us.

Besides, I did remember that she had a decent strength score, and she could swing her staff around like a club last time. She might be useful even without explosion magic.

…Although, that was just wishful thinking on my part.

Then, I had an idea.

"Megumin, here, hang onto these."

"Hm?"

I passed her the ghoul claw caltrops I had.

"What do these do?"

"They have a paralyzing effect. Use those on any Kobolds that come after us."

She nodded and placed the caltrops in her inventory. I already had a lot of things I had to keep track of during the battle. It was easier for me if Megumin was in charge of the caltrops. She was a smart girl, so she'd know the exact moment when to use them.

"So, what's the plan, Kazuma-kun?"

Chris asked, as I couldn't properly explain my plan before Megumin came unannounced.

I pointed to Mitsurugi.

"This guy has the highest level here, but I don't think he can take on the Kobold Hero by himself."

The Kobold Hero one-shotted me, after all. I wasn't the most durable guy, but I still had nearly 70 hitpoints. Even with the damage I took from the arrow hitting me, that meant that this Kobold Hero was able to bypass my defenses and my entire health bar and killed me in one strike.

That either meant that he had some kind of crazy execution skill or his attack power was just that high, higher than even Beldia's.

Talk about power escalation.

I pointed to Darkness.

"That's why Darkness will act as Mitsurugi's shield and defend him while he attacks the Kobold Hero."

Darkness nodded and placed a hand over her chest.

"Please, leave it to me."

She was looking awfully cool now, even though most of us knew what her real personality was like. She was just putting on this futile show for Mitsurugi.

"Chris will use [Bind] to restrict the Kobold Hero's movements. We will also try to use [Steal] to disarm him."

Chris smiled and gave a thumbs up.

"You can count on me!"

I turned to Yunyun next.

"Yunyun here will use her magic to deal with the weaker Kobolds. I will work to protect her while everyone is dealing with the Kobold Hero, but I can also assist both groups with my varied skills."

I couldn't deal with the Kobold Hero on my own, but if it came to playing a supportive role for everyone, my plethora of skills will help with that.

"And of course, I will finish off the battle with explosion magic."

Megumin said, while posing dramatically.

"Did you not hear what I said?! Focus on spreading those caltrops at the right moment! Don't do anything crazy, you hear?!"

She closed her ears when I started yelling at her.

"Fine, fine, I get it!"

Once everyone understood their roles, I nodded and led the way inside the dungeon.

"Everyone ready?"

They all nodded.

"Then, let's do this… Full Equip!"

Our gear materialized over our clothes as we stepped inside the dungeon.

Inside… The Kobold Hero was waiting for us.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, JOJOBRN and 382 others
BoringBone
Sep 19, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 18: Revenge On This Kobold Hero!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#358
Chapter 18: Revenge On This Kobold Hero!

Part 1

The monsters in the first floor didn't even bother to come out and face our party, sensing the high level of Mitsurugi and the magic power of Yunyun and Megumin.

"It's good when weaklings know their place!"

Aqua said, strutting confidently in front of the party.

"Oi, Aqua, you're our healer. Go back to your position."

"Hah? There's nothing for me to worry about since there's only weaklings here!"

That was when several glowing eyes appeared in the shadows.

"Gyaa?! Why are they chasing only me?!"

A bunch of undead creatures like skeletons and zombies came out, attracted by Aqua's holy aura.

"Aqua-sama! Please stand behind me! I'll protect you!"

Mitsurugi leapt out to protect Aqua.

"...Mitsurugi, you're our ace. Don't exhaust yourself fighting these weaklings just because our healer here can't follow simple instructions."

"But… I can't just leave her alone!"

"Don't worry, this one has maxed out stats. Just let her run around a little and clear all the undead away from us."

Chris gave a weak smile at my words.

"Kazuma-kun… You're actually a cruel person, aren't you?"

"I'm only cruel to those who don't listen to orders!"

"Still… Abandoning a comrade to a horde of undead is just…"

Darkness smiled widely at me.

"Isn't he perfect?!"

"Coming from her friend, it's not a good idea if Darkness thinks so highly of you."

Chris knew Darkness's personality well.

Meanwhile, Mitsurugi still didn't know anything about Darkness and did things like offering his hand when there was uneven ground to walk over.

"Please let me help you, Darkness-san."

"Ah, thank you very much. You're quite a gentleman, Mitsurugi-kun."

Mitsurugi smiled, thinking that she meant her compliment.

However, I could tell from Darkness's face that she wasn't impressed by Mitsurugi's polite manners.

A normal girl would be ecstatic that a handsome guy was acting so kindly towards them.

But this degenerate would prefer it if a rude man made her go face first on the ground and act as a human bridge to walk on.

"A genius Crimson Demon like me doesn't need help."

Mitsurugi did the same for Megumin, but Megumin was already skipping past the uneven portion.

Chris uneasily chuckled when it was her turn.

"Um, I have a high agility stat, so I should be fine."

Lastly, there was me. We both stared at each other.

"What, not gonna offer to help me?"

"...You're a man. Deal with it yourself."

"Oi, I'm the only one here who actually needs help! I have the lowest stats!"

"Ugh, fine, fine! Take my hand!"

In the end, Mitsurugi could only display his gentlemanly skills to a guy like me.

We went through the formerly Giant Toad area. Ever since Megumin's explosion, the Giant Toads were slow to return. There were some big tadpoles hopping around, but there haven't been any Giant Toads that remained.

Thankfully, the debris and destruction had already been cleaned up by the dungeon.

Chris looked around and sighed,

"We've repopulated the first floor with basic monsters, but we don't really have a replacement for proper floor bosses that can replace the Giant Toads."

"I don't suppose the Kobold Hero is a good replacement."

"Do you want the new app-users to die, Kazuma-kun?"

Darkness eyed one of the tadpoles hopping around, as if she was a talent manager scouting for promising prospects. She said,

"What would it take to have those tadpoles grow quickly into their final form?"

"Nothing, really. Tadpoles don't really have a means to defeat other monsters. The only thing we can do is make sure that they get proper nutrition… But it will take a while for them to grow into Giant Toads."

I remembered when I went on an expedition on the second floor with Chris and Darkness, we encountered some Green Onion monsters that surprisingly gave a lot of EXP. We also used them as feed to repopulate the first floor monsters. Wouldn't it make sense to do that again?

When I told Chris about them, she said,

"Oh, that's actually a great idea! They're quite a rare sight, but if we find some of them, we can cultivate the Green Onions in the Giant Toad area. That will ensure that the tadpoles grow quickly!"

Megumin rubbed her chin and said,

"Won't that make the Giant Toads become super powerful again?"

"We can remove the Green Onions once the tadpoles mature into Giant Toads, then start reintroducing the Giant Insects that are the staple food of the Giant Toads."

It was a delicate balance, this monster ecosystem. If we reintroduced the Giant Insects too quickly, then the maturing tadpoles would get wiped out again.

There was also the matter of gathering the Giant Insects as well, since they were all wiped out from the first floor, after the roof collapsed on them. Chris explained that there were some eggs on the second floor, but those were protected by a huge swarm of Giant Insects.

"...Well, we should focus on the Kobolds right now."

I said, before we got too wrapped up in talks about the Giant Toads.

While we were talking, Aqua finally made it back to us before we went up to the second floor.

"Hah… Hah… I can't believe you all… Just left me there!"

"I-I'm sorry, Aqua-sama! It was Satou who told us you'd be fine on your own!"

"You don't need to tell me! I know that jerk Kazuma is the one to blame for everything!"

I ignored Aqua's screaming as we went up the stairs to the second floor.

Part 2

We advanced through the second floor just as easily as the first, however, when we encountered some ghouls, I made the group stop.

That was because I wanted to harvest more of their claws.

"Are these the same materials as those caltrops you gave me?"

Megumin asked, as she looked over my shoulder.

"Yeah, I'll make some more caltrops, this time for Chris."

"Oh, those will be really useful!"

Chris said, as she accepted the newly crafted caltrops.

"To think you have the [Smithing] skill too… You sure have a lot of useful skills, Satou."

I shrugged at Mitsurugi.

"What can I say… I sure am special…"

"You have a bad habit of taking simple compliments and blowing it out of proportion."

Aqua sneered at me.

"Yeah, he really does!"

Aqua of all people had no right to say that about me.

We kept moving forward once I made the caltrops, until we ended up near the living area of the Kobolds.

"...! Watch out, there's a huge trap ahead!"

Chris said, holding her arm out in front of Darkness.

"Even more reason for me to step forward."

"Didn't you hear me?!"

Chris wrapped her arms around Darkness, who insisted on walking to where the trap was.

I found a pebble on the ground and threw it on the area Chris said the trap was. The dungeon tile the pebble went on took on a red glow, before spikes emerged from it. The spikes were coated with a purple substance.

"...Those Kobolds really advanced their trap making skills."

I said, thinking about how they only had a simple alarm system before.

"Kobold Heroes also raise the abilities of their subordinates. Those Kobolds have leveled up in lots of ways."

Chris said, as we advanced cautiously forward, relying on Chris's [Trap Detection]. I also had the skill, but she put more points into hers. I made sure to keep an eye out in case she missed something, though.

Moving past the traps, we eventually reached the Kobold living area. My [Enemy Detection] alerted me about several Kobolds who were watching us. Soon, the scouts rang the alarm.

We equipped our weapons as dozens of trap doors opened before us. There were new trap doors in addition to the old ones. The number of Kobolds increased from the last time, meaning that the Kobold Hero must have gathered forces from all the Kobolds living on this floor. The Kobold community we saw must have been one of many.

"T-There's a lot of them…"

Aqua said worriedly, backing away from us.

"Oi, don't break the formation! Start casting those buffs on us!"

"Got it!"

She was surprisingly useful if she was listening to orders.

The Kobold Hero stepped forward from among the crowd of Kobolds. He sneered at us, his eyes stopping on me in surprise.

"Wan… Wan… Wan…?'"

He said: 'How are you alive, you tyrant?'

"Heh... It's gonna take more than that to stop me!"

"Wan… Wan… Wahahahahahan!"

He started laughing and said that he'll just chop me again into more pieces this time to make sure I don't come back a second time.

That actually intimidated me a little.

Megumin noticed and said,

"Kazuma, are you shaking right now?"

"...He must have some kind of [Intimidation] skill, or something."

"I don't feel intimidated, though."

"It only works against those with a high intelligence stat."

"I have a higher intelligence than you, so how does that make sense?"

Megumin wasn't falling for it at all.

Mitsurugi pointed his sword at the Kobold Hero.

"So this is the monster that harmed Satou… Don't worry, I'll take revenge for you!"

Did it hurt my pride that I was relying on a stronger guy to fight for me? A little bit.

But getting decapitated hurt me a lot more, so I was willing to put up with this.

Mitsurugi and his group charged to attack the Kobold Hero, while Megumin, Yunyun and I split off to prevent the other Kobolds from interfering.

"[Bottomless Swamp]!"

Yunyun used an advanced spell to make the ground into a swampy terrain, which the Kobolds got stuck in.

I thought that she could finish them up once they got stuck, but…

Multiple Kobolds lifted a wooden symbol into the air.

I used [Lore Reading] on the symbol to see what it was.

Symbol of Regina

This symbol is associated with the minor-goddess Regina, who presides over the aspects of puppetry and revenge.

"[Wan]!"

The wooden symbols started glowing purple. The light spread through the area, and soon, Yunyun's [Bottomless Swamp] disappeared, the affected terrain returning to normal.

"Ahhh… What happened?! Those Kobolds said [Break Spell]! Isn't that a Priest skill?!"

"...It seems that the Kobolds were also able to gain classes when they leveled up."

Megumin said, looking impressed by the Kobolds.

This was gonna be harder than I thought. Not only that, since the halls were pretty narrow, there wasn't much space to fight.

"Kazuma, watch out!"

Darkness stood in front of us and blocked a slash from the Kobold Hero. I thought that the Kobold Hero would be occupied with the others, but it looked like it was willing to come attack me with any chance it got.

With the kobolds in front of us and the Kobold Hero behind us, we were essentially sandwiched. Perhaps they were planning to do this from the start.

"Kazuma, the Kobolds are gonna shoot arrows at us!"

Megumin said, alerting me to a Kobold archer unit preparing to unleash arrows.

"Yunyun!"

"G-Got it! [Wind Wall]!"

Yunyun summoned a strong gust of wind that blew away the arrows.

However, once the effect was dispelled again by the Kobold Priests, the frontliners charged forward with spears.

"Here's my time to shine! Caltrops go!"

Megumin did an unnecessary pose, before throwing the caltrops at the advancing frontliners.

"[Snipe]!"

I used [Snipe] consecutively to kill the frontliners that Megumin paralyzed, but those were quickly replaced by more forces.

"T-There's too many of them!"

Not only that, but I only had 18 mana left. Good thing I thought about that…

"[Drain Touch]!"

I placed my hand on the wall and absorbed mana from the dungeon.

I didn't forget what Aqua said. This dungeon was essentially powered by Coronatite cores, like the one that fell from the roof of the Giant Toad area. That meant that I could absorb mana from the walls with [Drain Touch].

That's right. As long as I was in the dungeon, that meant I practically had unlimited mana.

"Yunyun, I want you to use [Bottomless Swamp] again…"

"Eh? But those Priests will just erase the spell…"

"Trust me, just use it."

She nodded and pointed at the Kobolds.

"[Bottomless Swamp]!"

Just like we expected, the Priests started casting [Break Spell] again.

But before they could cast the spell…

"[Create Earth]! [Wind Breath]!"

"W-Wa… Wann! Wann!"

Their focus was broken as they coughed and sneezed with the dirt I blew towards them.

That meant that Yunyun's [Bottomless Swamp] remained.

"[Snipe]!"

I took out as much of the Priests as I could, replenishing my mana with [Drain Touch].

With the Priests gone, Yunyun could focus on the incantation of a big spell to take out all the remaining Kobolds that were trapped.

"[Light of Saber]!"

The Kobolds couldn't dodge in time, all of them cut down by the beam of pure light emanating from Yunyun's fingertips.

"Waaaan!"

The Kobold Hero let out a cry of rage when it saw its fallen comrades.

In the brief moment it was distracted, Chris threw a rope at him.

"[Bind]!"

"Wannn!"

Then, it was my turn.

"[Steal]!"

I doubted that my low level [Steal] would have worked on the Kobold Hero if it wasn't tied up by Chris's [Bind]. The sword appeared in my hands.

I used [Lore Reading] on it.

Magic Sword - Rare

A magic sword found on the second floor of the dungeon.

I breathed a sigh of relief. If this sword was a cheat item that belonged to an app user, I wasn't sure if I was ready for what that implied.

"Waaaan!"

The Kobold Hero stood up and tried to break free from the [Bind], but the rope wouldn't budge. Then, it glanced around, before trying to run away.

"Not so fast!"

Mitsurugi chased after the Kobold Hero and slashed him from behind with Gram. The Kobold Hero let out a cry of defeat, before it eventually fell on one knee, bleeding from behind.

I thought that it was done for, but it howled once more and leapt towards me in a desperation attack.

"...!"

Before it could reach me, Megumin stepped forward.

"Here comes… An explosive swing!"

She swung her staff like a baseball bat and whacked the Kobold Hero directly on the side of its skull.

With Megumin's powerful hit, the Kobold Hero finally fell.

Megumin started hopping around.

"Ohhh! I got the last hit! Look at all that juicy EXP!"

To think she'd be the one to get the kill. I couldn't really complain, though, since she saved my life.

Part 3

The dungeon started to consume the Kobold Hero, so we left before watching what was once a living creature dissolve before our very eyes.

The Kobold Hero tried to kill me, but I was the one who antagonized it. If anything, I respected the bravery of that young Kobold, who always opposed me, even until the very end.

I was holding the sword. When we reached the entrance, Aqua said,

"So, we're gonna sell that sword and divide the money seven ways, right?"

Even though I was hoping no one would bring it up.

"Oh, right. I guess we should do that."

"...You were planning on keeping it to yourself, weren't you?"

"No, no. We all contributed to this effort. I'll sell the item in my inventory and give you guys your share…"

"Oh, no, you don't! I know that Kazuma is really cunning! Let's give it to someone we can all trust to divide the money evenly!"

Eventually, after casting votes, the one who was tasked to split the money was Mitsurugi.

By the way, I received zero votes.

"Let's see… Ah, it sells for 50,000 Yen."

"So, that's around 7,000 Yen each, right?"

It wasn't much of a profit, considering the hassle. Money was money, though, and I accepted my share without complaining.

As for the EXP, I received a total of 110 EXP from slaying those empowered Kobolds, with [Solo Leveling] factored in. I still had a ways to go before leveling up, but that gave me a big boost all at once.

"It was a pleasure to meet you all. I will be taking my leave now… Ah, unless Aqua-sama would like to have some tea with me…?"

Mitsurugi said, unashamedly shooting his shot at Aqua.

"Ah, sorry. I have a show I wanna watch tonight."

"O-Oh. Alright…"

I felt a bit bad for the guy, but I also felt relieved that Aqua wasn't going on a date with him.

I turned to Darkness and Chris as Mitsurugi left the dungeon.

"Thanks for showing up on such short notice. I know that you two take a different entrance than the rest of us."

Chris smiled and gave me a wink.

"No problem! Don't hesitate to call me. I'm closer than you think!"

Darkness also smiled at me. She put her armor away, showing herself in the dress from before. I had to admit, she looked really good in that…

"Same here. You seem to get yourself in trouble a lot, Kazuma, so call me whenever you need help."

Even though she was the most troublesome one here.

Megumin narrowed her eyes on me.

"Hold on, Kazuma. I'm not gonna let you wrap this up all neat and tidy. We helped you, so what do we get in return?"

I leaned towards her and lowered my voice in a whisper.

"Oi… Is little Megumin here forgetting that you're also in on the Kobold Slavery program?! You sure enjoyed the money that came from selling those spears, didn't you? We're in the same boat here, so don't get carried away!"

"...Yunyun, let's take our leave now."

"O-Oh… I'll see you later, everyone!"

Megumin made the smart decision and backed away.

Chris also made her leave, which meant that I was alone with Darkness.

"...Hey, Kazuma… Do you remember that you owe me that favor?"

I should have left when I had the chance.

"Eh? What favor?"

"Don't play dumb! I returned Chris's panties for you, remember?!"

"...Did something like that happen?"

"I told you not to play dumb!"

I sighed and leaned against the dungeon wall.

"So? What do you want me to do? Do you have another outrageous request on your app?"

She meekly nodded and showed me her phone screen.

Have Satou Kazuma grope you! Quest Rewards: +2 Bravery, +2 Willpower

"...This is way worse than last time!"

"It's not my fault! You said it yourself last time, right?! We're just victims of the app!"

I only said that to convince her to return Chris's panties for me.

"Besides, I didn't forget that you stole my panties when we fought Beldia! I bet you still have those red ones, right?!"

Another thing I hoped she'd forget.

"I bet you still have it! I bet that every night, you take my panties out of our drawer and…"

"Fine, fine! I get it! Let's get this over with!"

I had Darkness turn and face the wall, so I wouldn't have to look at her face.

"Kazuma… Somehow, this position is…"

"It's better than having to face each other, right?"

"I suppose it's less embarrassing… But having me face the wall while you're behind me is… Erotic!"

"Are you intent on making this more awkward for the both of us or what?!"

There was no way we could go through this and go back to normal like nothing happened.

Just like when I started fooling around with Aqua, I bet a strong tension will form between me and Darkness.

She didn't seem to mind that, though. In fact, she was obviously looking forward to it.

Personality aside, Darkness was undeniably attractive. If she kept her mouth shut, there was no telling what I'd do to her if I had the chance.

Well… At this moment…

She was silent, her shapely butt pointed towards me.

The app didn't specify where I had to grope her. That meant that I didn't have to do anything crazy like touch her chest.

That was why my hands went down to her butt.

"...Eeep!"

She let out a surprisingly girly squeal when I made contact.

"I-I didn't think you'd actually do it, Kazuma…"

"Well, if you asked me this a few weeks ago, I don't think I could do this."

"What happened during that time that you can comfortably grab a girl's behind now?!"

Fooling around with Aqua helped with that.

Thanks to her, I was much more used to a girl's body. I gently squeezed and rubbed Darkness's ass. She had more 'volume' to her than Aqua, but it still required the same movements.

"...Is the quest complete now?"

"Eh? Wah…?"

She was so distracted that she forgot why we were doing this.

That was kinda cute.

I coughed into my hand and looked away.

"The whole reason why we're doing this incredibly perverted thing. Remember?"

"O-Oh, right! Let's see… Ah, yeah, I got the quest rewards."

"Good for you."

"...Don't act as if you didn't get anything out of that, Kazuma! You're making it seem like I'm the only one who got enjoyment out of it!"

So she admitted that she enjoyed it. Well, I could tell that much without her saying so.

"Look, let's just be on our way before things get more awkward."

"S-Sure…"

We waved at each other as Darkness headed to her entrance.

Your bond with Darkness has increased!

Darkness (Masochist Crusader), Bond Rank: 5

At Rank 5, your relationship with Darkness has taken an awkward, but strangely exhilarating turn! She really enjoyed your time together… And is eagerly awaiting more. Even without being treated roughly as a masochist, she still enjoyed your intimate touch. This is the start of a bittersweet crush!

You have hit a crossroads in your relationship with Darkness. Be careful how you proceed!

Bond Reward: [Medium Armor] Rank-Up!

[Medium Armor], Skill Rank: 2

You are proficient in wearing Medium Armor. You no longer suffer the stealth penalty when wearing Medium Armor. Damage reduction increases by +1.

While I was at it, I thanked Appuri-chan for her help while I was dead.

"Fufu! I'm very helpful, aren't I? That's why I'm mama's daughter~!"

"And like her, you're only useful sometimes."

"What does that mean?!"

Part 4

I went home, expecting Aqua to be in the living room, watching the show she talked about. Instead, I saw Kazuto in the living room, playing a game on our Switch.

"...Where's Aqua?"

"Nee-chan went upstairs as soon as she got home."

The whole reason why she didn't go with Mitsurugi was because she wanted to catch a show, or at least, that was her excuse.

I went upstairs to my room, not having an appetite for dinner.

When I entered my room, I didn't expect to see Aqua there.

"...? What are you doing just waiting here?"

She looked me in the eyes.

"Do you know how scared I was when you died?"

"Ah…"

I didn't think she'd particularly care, but I suppose that was pretty messed up to see.

"Yeah, sorry. That was pretty gross, huh…?"

"...You don't get it?"

She stood up and walked over, then placed both hands on the door, my head between her arms, pinning me back.

"You keep calling me an idiot, Kazuma, but maybe you're the stupid one."

I looked into her eyes again. I saw hurt and tears starting to come out. It hit me then, how close I really grew to Aqua.

Living together, eating meals together, playing games, playing chess, laughing at each other, laughing with each other.

The insults that were more like jokes, the addicting banter. The nights we'd spend making out and fooling around. The kisses that felt unusually passionate, more than the ones before, bringing about a reflective period of silence afterwards.

At some point, our arrangement of fooling around and having carefree fun became something else, something more real and substantial, without me even realizing it.

"...Um, there's a bond rank-up, but… Maybe I shouldn't interrupt?"

"Appuri-chan, mama and papa are having a special moment. Go to sleep for a while, please."

"Oh! If you're making a baby, does that make me the big sister…?!"

"Appuri-chan. Sleep mode."

"Yes, mama."

Aqua leaned in to kiss me. I met her lips, feeling the intensity of the moment.

We separated and she rested her forehead against mine, keeping eye-contact.

"Wanna do it?"

"Yeah."

I followed her to my bed, where she sat down. Leaning down, we kissed again and I found her hands going to my shirt. I helped her pull it off. Her top went next and soon I was fiddling with her bra.

Clothes flew around the room. I had seen her topless, but this was my first time seeing her take her panties off.

"You sure are staring a lot…"

"Who wouldn't?"

She smirked at me.

"You can never insult me again after making a face like that just from seeing me naked…"

"Having a hot body doesn't make you immune from criticism you rightfully deserve!"

Somehow, we ended up arguing again.

We kissed again to get back into the mood. Soon, I was taking my pants off and we were both naked.

She laid down on the bed, knees raised, thighs spread. I got a good look at her womanhood. As expected of a goddess, it was perfect. A wet sheen of arousal covered tight, pink lips. I tried not to stare at the first real pussy I had ever seen, but it was hard not to, after imagining what it'd look like outside of porn videos for so long.

"It's kinda embarrassing if you stare so much."

"So even Aqua can feel embarrassed."

"Of course I can!"

It only hit me then that I was about to lose my virginity.

"Getting cold feet, Kazuma?"

"...You always gotta get some kinda word in, don't you?"

"Says you."

I gave her a blank look, as I took my member and nervously brought it closer between her legs, hovering right above her pussy.

You always think about how good sex feels… But when the moment comes when you actually get to do it… This was more nerve wracking than I thought!

"Oi… Do you not know how to do this? Do you need me to give you The Talk before you put it in? As expected of Kazuma, you're always bragging but when it comes to doing it, you… Ah."

I cut off Aqua mid-speech as I placed my cock directly against her lips, the underside of my shaft making contact with her outer folds. I felt a slick, warmth underneath me, already making me shudder.

I rubbed against her, just the contact already making me feel good. How good would it feel inside her? Then, I grabbed my cock and rubbed the tip against those lips. Slowly, I found the opening and started slipping it in.

I swear I wanted to go slow and get her accustomed to it.

But there must be some kind of divine property to a goddess's pussy or something!

Something like a choir started singing in my head and I thought I saw something like heaven while I was pushing in.

I must have blanked out from the sheer amount of euphoria hitting me at once, because I soon heard Aqua let out a squeal of pain, and I felt something hot pouring down my shaft.

Looking down, I saw blood covering my cock.

"..." x 2.

We stared at each other for a while.

Then, I started moving.

"Oi, don't just start thrusting it in without saying anything! Why did you just ram it in?! It hurts!"

"...Just heal yourself."

"I can't believe you just told me that! [Heal]!"

She healed herself anyway.

"...What do you expect from me? This is my first time."

"As expected of a virgin HikiNEET…"

"...! You can't say that when you're bleeding this much!"

"Hah?! I was a virgin by choice, not circumstance! I could have lost it to anyone I wanted, you know?!"

"...W-Well, thanks for saving it for me."

"...You're welcome… I guess…"

Our argument slowed to a standstill again.

I looked at the blood covering the place where we were connected.

"Sorry about that…"

"It's fine. You can move now."

I nodded and started thrusting in her. It felt so good. She was so tight, so warm, and her body was so arousing to look at and touch.

I held her waist as I moved inside her. It took a while, but she started getting into it, too, moaning as I grinded against her inner folds. My hands went up to her breasts, gently fondling them as I kept moving, thrusting in her tight insides.

"Kazuma… You're not bad for a virgin HikiNEET… Mnn…!"

She raised her knees, corralling me in, her hands going around my neck.

"I'm neither of those things now…! And you feel good for a useless goddess!"

"Hey, I'm only one of those things!"

"Useless?"

"Shut up and just fuck me already…!"

Hearing those aggressive and crude words only spurred me on. I already felt like I was about to cum at any moment, so I didn't even think about lasting long. I just kept pounding inside her, focusing on how warm, slick and wet her insides were, how tight she felt, how maddeningly good her folds felt, brushing against my thrusting shaft.

"Aqua… Hnnnngh!"

I moaned as barely pulled out in time and sent ropes of cum all over her body, the farthest hitting her breasts.

I, Satou Kazuma, at age 16, graduated from my virginity.

Part 5

I woke up the next morning, feeling completely refreshed.

"...What a beautiful morning."

I said, while looking fondly out the window.

Appuri-chan was in sleep mode the whole time. When she activated again, she said,

"Papa! Congrats on making a baby with mama!"

"Oi, don't call me that! And don't even joke around with stuff like that! I pulled out in time!"

"...That's what they all think, then 9 months later…"

Perhaps I should buy Aqua one of those pills.

"Anyway, there's some status updates for you, papa!"

"Call me that again and I'll factory reset you."

"...Kazuma-san, your 'Charisma' has increased by +10 points."

I didn't expect to get such a large stat boost.

"...Eh? Did I get that from doing your mama?"

"Kazuma-san, you worded it that way on purpose, right…? And yes! That's what happened!"

I suppose it works like how I got stat increases only at the end of the month for performing well in school… I got a big stat increase once I successfully bedded Aqua.

"How come the stat increases are so inconveniently late!"

"You have it wrong. Just because the app doesn't recognize it right away, it doesn't mean the stat hasn't grown. There are certain things that can only be quantified after a significant milestone has been achieved!"

"...Well, I don't need an app to tell me that my charisma must be pretty high if I managed to do your mama…"

"...You keep saying that. It's on purpose, right?"

"Oh, right. There was also my bond rank-up with Aqua."

Your bond with Aqua has deepened!

Aqua (Water Goddess) Bond Rank: 7 (MAX)

At max rank, you have become Aqua's lover! Despite all the arguments, despite all the teasing and insults, you two have developed an unbreakable bond. You two might never admit it, but you truly care for one another. She sees you as her best friend and her lover, one who will save her no matter what. She will never leave you alone, and will even risk her life to save you.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Heal]!

[Heal] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (15 mp cost)

You can heal yourself and others, restoring HP lost.

Damage healed: 10 HP + Faith modifier (44) = 14

So that was what the 'Faith' stat was for…

Maybe I should have cared more when my 'Faith' got decreased before…

More importantly… The description on the maxed out bond with Aqua…

She really loves me that much?!

Before I could process that, the door opened, and Aqua came in, phone in hand. She had an incredibly smug look on her face…

"Awww… Kazuma… Don't you love me too much? What's with this description on your bond rank-up, huh…? 'He may not act like it, but he loves you both as a friend and as a lover'... Wow, you're so romantic, Kazuma-san!"

I blushed and showed her my phone.

"Yours says the same thing! Wow, Aqua, maybe we should just get married at this point, huh?! Considering how much you love me! My death must have really shaken you up, huh! You must have wanted to cry so bad, but Yunyun was there!"

"So what?! It was really scary, OK?! Instead, let's talk about how you're such a tsundere for me! You keep calling me an idiot and useless goddess and all that, but you really care for me, huh?! Just come out and say it! Say you love me! Say it!"

She poked me with her phone over and over again.

"No… Say it ain't so…?!"

Kazuto, who overheard everything as he stood by the doorway, ran away in tears.

"Hm? What's his problem?"

Aqua said, having no clue how Kazuto felt for her all this time.

I followed Kazuto, who I found in the living room, hunched over on the couch.

"...I'm sorry about cucking you."

"Is this your way of comforting me?! You're awful!"

He looked up from his knees and said,

"Well, I should have seen this coming. Please treat her well, nii-san."

"Yeah, don't worry. I will."

"To think that my lessons actually helped…"

"Your lessons didn't help at all."

"But you managed to win nee-chan's heart!"

"No thanks to you!"

"My lessons do work! How about this, I'll teach you my best technique!"

"...And what would that be?"

"I'll teach you how to handle having multiple girls, nii-san, in case nee-chan isn't enough for you."

People like to call me a scumbag, but the real scumbag here is my brother.

Still, I curiously listened to his lesson.

"...I'm listening, Kazuto."

"It's simple. Your first girlfriend will just have to be open-minded. That way, she will be the 'leader' of the harem you're trying to build. Since she's the one who is determining the rules, the others coming along later will have no choice but to follow along, or else they won't be able to join the harem."

"...You're despicable."

He had such an innocent face, but such darkness was within his heart.

"Fufu… Well, this tactic has worked out for me so far!"

"You'll meet a 'Bad End' soon enough."

"I'm fine with dying young as long as I get to enjoy my life to the fullest!"

I was wrong to feel sorry for this bastard.

Your family bond has deepened!

Satou (Family) Bond Rank: 5

At rank 5, your family trusts that you will continue to be a good student and productive member of society. Your brother respects you for managing to hook-up with the girl of his dreams, who his playboy self couldn't manage to seduce. If you mention wanting a non-blood related step sister again, your parents will beat you and leave you with major injuries.

Bond Reward: Kazuto cheating lessons (allowed to have two girlfriends at the same time)

…What an insane bond reward.

Still, with the way things unfolded with Aqua, as well as how things were going with Rin.

Not to mention how I actually got to grope Darkness before.

I might actually need this bond reward soon.

Part 6

"What a cheater!"

"Hieeee?!"

"Senpai, you're really early today! You almost beat me to school!"

I got startled by Rin, who called me a 'cheater' out of nowhere.

"A-Ah… Sorry, I ended up waking up early."

"Oh? Did something good happen?"

If it wasn't for her innocent smile, I would have thought that she somehow knew what I did with Aqua last night.

With all the commotion about the Kobolds, I forgot that we had a game on Thursday. It took me by surprise when the coach brought us to the pitch and the other school's team was there, practicing for the match.

"...Satou, don't tell me you forgot there's a game today."

Mitsurugi said, looking at me in disappointment.

"I actually died yesterday. Is it that weird that this ultimately meaningless high school soccer game is in the back of my mind?"

"When you put it that way… Yeah, that makes sense."

Still, I did make it my goal to put my all into soccer. All that hard work would go to waste if I didn't try here, just because I died for a little bit.

Our team wasn't particularly strong, but we had been putting on a string of victories of late. This match was pretty important, since winning would qualify us for nationals.

The couch stood before us, looking even more emotional and impassioned than before.

"If we win this… Our goal of reaching the nationals won't become a mere pipe dream anymore! Put your all into this game!"

I would have been inspired by the passion behind his speech, if he wasn't always like this, even during practice. I swear he cried everyday. It was surprising he didn't suffer from dehydration, with how much he cried.

The opponents were formidable. They belonged to a youth club of an actual Japan pro team. It was a bit surreal, seeing our opponents wearing uniforms that I occasionally saw on TV.

My teammates were nervous, showing a bunch of mistakes during our pre-game passing drill.

"...What's everyone so scared about?"

I said, when I noticed their nervous expressions.

"I-I mean… These guys are from a youth club. They're on a different level from anyone else we faced."

I was just decapitated by a Kobold and watched my corpse from a heavenly realm. These guys didn't seem all that intimidating to me, compared to that.

"They're not such a big deal."

"W-Wow! You're so fearless, Satou!"

"It actually makes me feel better… Knowing our midfielder doesn't feel any fear…"

I wasn't trying to inspire them or anything, but apparently that motivated them, somehow.

Your 'Charisma' and 'Bravery' increased by +2!

We lined up with the youth club. They had an air of confidence about them, which was instilled by their club since they were young. They didn't even seem to consider the possibility that they'd lose.

"Um… Let's have a good game."

Their captain said, holding out his hand as if he was bored and already thinking about the next game.

Mitsurugi smiled and shook it.

"Yeah, let's have a fun game!"

He didn't show it, but I'd been around Mitsurugi enough to know he was a bit irked by the opposing captain's attitude.

The match started with the opposing team starting with the ball.

They might be something like semi-pros, but they were still ordinary people.

It was an easy matter to take the ball from them after using [Lurk] on myself.

"...?! Where did that guy come from?!"

"Get that #7!"

They collapsed on me, which was exactly what I wanted.

I sent a through pass to Mitsurugi, all my hard work in practice translating to real results, as the pass felt smooth and not awkward at all. I didn't even have to think all that much about it, relying on muscle memory and instinct.

Mitsurugi controlled the ball and only had the defenders and the goalkeeper to beat. Since he had momentum on his side, he was able to outpace the defenders, leaving him in a 1v1 against the goalkeeper. He shot it past the keeper with a clinical finish with his right foot.

It was our tried and true tactic of surprising the other team with a fast first goal.

However, our opponents were at a higher level than our previous competitors.

With a series of short, one-touch passes, they were able to work up an offensive that eventually got them a goal soon after ours.

"...They're really good."

Mitsurugi said, after he encouraged our defenders, who couldn't do anything about the attack.

"Which is why I'm gonna keep using skills."

"...You know, Satou, they're good because they worked hard to hone their talents."

"And I'm an unrecognized soldier protecting my country and this world, and I actually died the other day. In terms of hard work and sacrifice, I deserve this win more than anyone."

"I-It's hard to argue with that."

I used the same tactic I used for the other game, mimicking the voices of the opposing team. In this way, I sowed disorder into their ranks. This tactic works especially well against organized teams with excellent teamwork, as they recognize each other's voices right away and don't hesitate to make a pass.

It didn't take long until I intercepted a ball and sent another through pass to Mitsurugi. This time, the defense was expecting him, but I just used [Lurk] to get into an open position. Mitsurugi passed the ball to me and I immediately sent it back to him, with a one-two pass.

The keeper dove early, but Mitsurugi beat him with a flick, sending the ball over the keeper's head and into the goal.

By this point, the youth club got desperate and their morale was low. The thing with youth clubs was that they were all competing with each other for spots in the higher levels. That meant that they viewed their teammates as rivals.

Once they started blaming each other for the missed passes, their excellent teamwork dissipated. We were able to take advantage of that and held onto our lead until the end of the game.

One of the youth club players actually got a red card and got kicked out because they tried a dangerous tackle against me. I moved out of the way in time because my [Enemy Detection] alerted me, though.

"You boys did it! I'm so proud of you!"

The coach was in tears again as we qualified for the nationals. By the end of it, I felt like I was more soaked in his tears than my own sweat.

"Kyaa! Kazuma-san, you were so cool out there!"

Interestingly, I managed to gain a lot of female fans from that game. I guess winning a national qualifying game gives you a lot of female attention.

Your 'Charisma' and 'Attractiveness' increased by +2!

Part 7

The fight with the Kobold Hero made me realize that I needed to get stronger. Going to the gym and trying my best on soccer gave me good stats, but like Vanir said, I was sorely lacking in real combat experience.

I went to the dungeon after the soccer match. There was work available that day, but I figured that I was pretty set on money, anyway. Instead, I wanted to focus on the dungeon, most of all, finishing that quest for defeating the floor boss.

Those 'Random Loot Boxes' gave me a lot of good rewards so far. Since they were pretty rare, I had to take every opportunity to get one whenever I could.

Before I could reach the second floor boss, I had to go through the monsters along the way. I used Chunchunmaru, along with [Drain Touch], to defeat the weak monsters. Not only did [Drain Touch] damage them, it also allowed me to recover my stamina.

Whenever my sword got too damaged, I repaired it with [Smithing]. It felt good to finally develop a routine, instead of trying my best just to survive in the dungeon. That didn't mean that I could afford to take it easy, though, or else I might just die again.

I got a total of 25 exp from dealing with weaklings, as well as 5,000 Yen from the loot.

About midway through the second floor, [Enemy Detection] alerted me of a pretty strong enemy ahead.

Not taking any chances, I used [Lurk] on myself.

"Peek…"

I glanced around the corner of the hallway where I felt the presence, but I didn't see anything there. Still, [Enemy Detection] told me that there were clearly enemies ahead. That meant that they were either hiding or invisible.

"[Freeze], [Wind Breath]..."

I sent a cold gust of wind to the suspiciously empty hallway. The rocks on the walls started to move, as if they were shivering from the cold. I didn't waste time and took out my bow, shooting at one of the shifting areas of rock.

"Graaaak!"

The piece of 'rock' fell down, revealing that it was a chameleon-like creature.

I used [Lore Reading] on it.

Rock Lizard

It is like a chameleon, however, it can only take on one false appearance, which is a rock. It has a sturdy body and uses its tail as a heavy whip. One hit is enough to kill weaker foes, especially if they are caught off guard.

What a frightening creature.

I used [Enemy Reading] on the lizards. It had +4 armor. Furthermore, it was pretty bulky HP wise, with 20 HP each. There were about six of them.

My bow did 8 damage, which meant that I'd have to shoot one about five times in order to kill it.

Before I could come up with a proper plan, the lizards started to attack me. They could crawl on the roof, but they weren't too fast. It gave me time to turn the environment to my favor.

"[Create Water]! [Freeze]!"

I froze places they were walking on, making the lizards drop one-by-one.

It took them a while to get back on their feet, as they kept slipping. In the meantime, I was able to snipe down two of them, peppering them with ten arrows.

If I didn't figure out I could keep absorbing mana from the dungeon with [Drain Touch], I would have been in trouble. I repeated the pattern of making them slip by freezing the areas they were walking on. Then I'd keep shooting and kiting.

It took a while, but I was able to eliminate all of the lizards.

"Congratulations, Kazuma-san! You leveled up! You are now Level 8!"
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, JOJOBRN and 402 others
BoringBone
Sep 20, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 19: Battling This Deceptive Second-Floor Boss!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 21, 2024
Add bookmark
#371
Chapter 19: Battling This Deceptive Second-Floor Boss!

Part 1

With the new level up, I gained one more skill point.

The skill point acquisition was agonizingly slow thanks to my pitifully low potential. Still, I appreciated the chance to upgrade my skills.

[Medium Armor] and [Signature Weapon] already had points in them, thanks to my bond rewards with Mitsurugi and Darkness.

I decided to invest the point in [Signature Weapon]. Dealing with those lizards made me realize that I was sorely lacking in offensive power. Well, I already knew that before.

You have upgraded the [Signature Weapon] skill!

[Signature Weapon] Skill Rank: 3, Passive Skill

Assign two of the weapons in your inventory as your 'Signature Weapon'. These weapons gain +10 durability and +2 weapon damage. These weapons won't be destroyed even if they fall below 0 'Durability', but you can't use them again until you fix it.

The upgrade allowed me to have two signature weapons…

I chose my hunting shortbow as the second weapon.

I moved on through the dungeon, looking for the second floor's boss area.

When the surroundings changed from monochrome stone walls to lush vegetation, I knew I was close.

The first floor boss area was a grassy field that acted as the Giant Toad's habitat.

This time, I found myself entering a forest. It disoriented me, switching from stone catacombs to a wide stretch of tall trees.

The artificial light from the painted sky shone through the canopies overhead. Twigs and acorns crushed under my shoes as I walked through the forest, keeping a wary eye out.

The area was even wider than the Giant Toad area, but much of it was obscured by the trees. I took out my notebook and made a map to keep track of where I was going. I also took my phone out to take pictures of landmarks.

I followed the tracks and after a while, Appuri-chan notified me of a new skill.

You learned a new skill!

[Tracking] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp cost)

You can identify and track the location of creatures using tracks and prints that have been around for no longer than thirty minutes. Your detection radius is 15-feet. Success is determined by your 'Intuition' (65).

Using my new tracking skill, I learned that these tracks belonged to goblins. I wasn't really interested in these weak creatures, but thanks to my [Solo-Leveling] skill, power leveling these weak mobs was more viable than it was before, with the extra EXP gain.

It didn't take much longer until I found the goblins. I used [Lurk] on myself to hide myself from them.

There were about six of them sitting around, catching a break. They were munching on some dried meat and passing around a wineskin with a weird green drink inside it.

I took out my bow in preparation for an ambush. But that was when my [Enemy Detection] went off. And it was warning me of a very dangerous threat.

I turned around in the direction of the threat and used [Farsight] to find it. The presence was hiding itself some distance away, behind some trees.

Thankfully, [Lore Reading] didn't have a range limit and I was able to identify what kind of creature this was.

Rookie Killer

A black, feline monster resembling a panther. It is a cunning, powerful beast that uses weaker monsters such as goblins as bait, to lure inexperienced monsters into a state of vulnerability.

Warning! This Rookie Killer is a mutant variant and may have special abilities!

As if its description wasn't scary enough, the skill even warned me of unknown powers this thing may have.

I decided to leave, backing away from it, but it already knew I was there. It leapt out from its cover and sprinted to my direction, claws kicking up grass as it tore through the landscape at dazzling speeds.

"Ah, crap!"

I used [Drain Touch] on the ground to refill my mana, then I used the [Escape] skill to run away.

However… I soon found out what this special skill was.

The Rookie Killer disappeared with a puff of black smoke and reappeared in front of me.

"...?!"

Considering that it had to run a certain distance, I assumed that it was a short range warping ability, rather than long range teleportation. Otherwise, it would have teleported as soon as it saw me, instead of running close.

That didn't make the ability any less dangerous.

"Grrrr…"

The Rookie Killer salivated as it growled at me.

"Hey there… I'm assuming you're the floor boss? Haha…"

I chuckled nervously as I stepped away from it, but the rookie killer predatorily circled around me, waiting for a chance to pounce.

"Grrraaah!"

And then, it attacked, coiling up its body like a spring and leaping at me.

"[Quick Draw]!"

I drew Chunchunmaru from its sheath and in a flash of iaido speed, I surprised the Rookie Killer by cutting it across its chest with an upwards slash.

"Grrrr!"

It howled in pain as I drew blood.

I used [Enemy Reading] to see its stats. I had been observing it long enough and had enough information from [Lore Reading]. Soon, a dialogue box appeared in my mind.

It had a +4 damage resistance from its pelt and a total of 60 HP.

The slash I gave it dealt 8 damage.

I sheathed my sword again, preparing for another [Quick Draw].

There wasn't any time to think of any elaborate plans. I just had to think fast on my feet and survive.

"Grrrr!"

This time, it didn't pounce, choosing to teleport instead.

[Enemy Detection] alerted me that the Rookie Killer was behind me, but I was taken off guard by the sudden teleportation.

"Ahhh!"

I screamed as I felt hot pain on my back, as the Rookie Killer tried to shred me with its claws. Thankfully, my breastplate stopped some of the damage.

Still, it did a good 10 damage on me.

"[Heal]!"

If I didn't learn this skill from Aqua, I might have been doomed. Thankfully, I managed to heal up all the damage.

I went down on one knee and absorbed mana from the ground, while keeping the other hand on my sword. I noticed something from the last two attacks. It pounced on me for the first attack, but for the second attack, it teleported.

That must mean that the teleportation had a recharge period. That's usually how it is with these kinds of abilities. They can't be spammed over and over.

I counted that the time it took from the two teleportations was 10 seconds, which was most likely the recharge period.

I had to take advantage of that opening…

Part 2

"Grrr…"

This time, the Rookie Killer didn't charge in recklessly without its teleportation available.

I took that as my window to attack.

"[Tinder]! [Wind Breath]!"

I expanded the range of tinder by blowing it into a puff of fire with the wind. The Rookie Killer didn't expect it and got singed by the flames.

"Grraaaah!"

It took 6 fire damage from the burning flames.

"Grrrr!"

Once its teleportation was available again, it disappeared into a puff of smoke.

This time, I was expecting it. As soon as I felt that spike of danger from [Enemy Detection], I drew my sword.

I didn't even swing for a slash, I just rested my katana against my shoulder, letting the blade stick back.

"Grrrrk!"

The teleporting Rookie Killer appeared directly where the blade was pointing at.

It tried to attack me again, but I used [Escape] to move away in time to dodge the attack and face it once more.

This time, I drew my bow.

"[Snipe]!"

It howled once more in pain as I hit it with an arrow for 6 damage.

The Rookie Killer got impatient and tried to attack me even with its teleportation down. I tossed the bow aside and got it with another [Quick Draw], spraying its blood as I gave it another deep cut across its chest.

"Grrrrr!"

It battled through the pain and pushed through, staggering me as I defended with Chunchunmaru.

It lifted a paw, sharp claws gleaming with artificial sunlight as deadly tips pointed at me.

"[Create Earth]! [Wind Breath]!"

I made it miss by spraying dirt in its eyes, using the chance to gain space.

"[Steal]!"

I used [Steal] on the bow that I dropped, making it reappear in my hands.

"[Snipe]! [Snipe]!"

I was able to get two arrows off with the distance I achieved.

However, the teleportation was back online.

I dropped the bow again, anticipating the attack.

That was when I realized just how cunning that Rookie Killer really was.

Instead of teleporting right away, it first lowered itself and then pounced just before teleporting.

Even if I could tell where it was coming from, I couldn't dodge the Rookie Killer as it was mid-pounce.

"Grrrrr!"

It let out a bloodthirsty cry as it managed to bring me down to the ground.

"Owww! Oi, get off me!"

I cried in pain as it seemed to relish digging its claws into me.

"[Heal]!"

First, I healed myself, repairing the flesh that was just wounded.

"[Drain Touch]!"

Then, I gripped the Rookie Killer's arms that were on me and used [Drain Touch].

"Grrrrk!"

It flinched in pain as I sapped life energy and mana from it.

Its answer was to stab its claws into me again.

I tried to ignore the pain as I casted [Heal] on myself again.

It was an unbeatable cycle of [Drain Touch] and [Heal]. In video games, the most annoying characters are those that have damage-over-time combined with life steal. This Rookie Killer was experiencing that hell of unbalanced game design.

"What are you gonna do, huh? Hurt me all you like, the only one losing here is you!"

It tried to teleport away, but it already used that ability many times, and I was draining its remaining mana. Instead, it overpowered me and leapt away.

"[Create Water]! [Freeze]!"

I created a frozen surface in the area where it was about to land. Instead of landing gracefully, it slipped on the frozen surface.

I drew Chunchunmaru and ran forward to stab it in the back, dealing the final blow.

"Grrraaah! Ahh… Grrr…."

It let out a pitiful final cry as it bled to death.

Congratulations! You have defeated the boss of floor 2! You gained 200 EXP!

You completed the quest, 'Defeat the second floor boss'!

Quest Reward: Random Loot Box

Here it was. The reason why I fought that Rookie Killer

The blue box appeared in my hands and I opened it.

Maximum Skill Rank Potion - Very Rare

Maxes out one of your skills that haven't been maxed out already. The skill will be chosen randomly.

Sells for: 50,000 Yen

An absurd item just showed up!

It was tempting to just sell it right away, but it wasn't like I was short on money right now.

Rather, since my 'Potential' was so low, and skill points were hard to come by for me…

It seemed like a waste not to use this potion.

I uncorked the potion and drank it. It tasted like grape juice.

Your 'Improvised Weapon' skill has reached the maximum level!

[Improvised Weapon] Skill Rank: 5, Passive Skill

You are proficient in using improvised weapons. Ordinary items that haven't been previously equipped deal +5 more damage. Furthermore, any item that is created on the spot is now considered an improvised weapon.

…Out of all the skills to get chosen, it was the skill I used the least.

That additional clarification of what an improvised weapon was could be considered interesting, since I had crafting skills.

But I couldn't just create a new weapon in the middle of a battle, since it specifies that it needs to be created on the spot.

"Kazuma-san, you should have just sold that potion! You're relying too much on your luck!"

Even Appuri-chan agreed with me.

"Oh, by the way, your recent feats of courage have increased your 'Bravery' by +10!"

I was wondering when all my brave feats would be acknowledged by the system.

"...Why did it take so long?"

"Well, it's hard to believe that Kazuma-san is actually being brave, so it took me a while to compute it all~!"

I put her on sleep mode for the rest of the night.

I looked at the defeated Rookie Killer. I imagined that its pelt would sell for quite a lot.

However, I didn't have the stomach to skin it.

Perhaps the survivalists of the world would make fun of me for my unease when it came to butchering and skinning a creature. But I was just a small-town kid who didn't have any hunting experience. In fact, I just stayed home and played video games for a majority of my childhood.

I figured it was fine to leave it be.

Part 3

I tried my best in practice after our game against the youth club. However, I didn't even gain any stats this time around.

Mitsurugi tried to encourage me.

"Just keep working hard, Satou. Hard work always beats talent."

"...What's your 'Potential' stat, by the way?"

He glanced away guiltily.

"...You should just focus on yourself if you want to grow."

So that whole hard work beats talent is just bullshit, huh?

I went to the gym afterwards, greeting the beautiful receptionist, Luna-san.

"Oh, you're alone today, Satou-san?"

She asked, looking around, as if expecting Mitsurugi to show up.

Don't tell me she was looking forward to seeing the ikemen again.

I was getting sick of that guy.

I had the [Heal] skill now, which meant that I didn't have to depend on Aqua. That was a good thing since she was a lazy bum who didn't want to exercise at all. To be fair, it wasn't like she needed it, being a goddess and all. She was more fit and slim than all these girls in the gym, and she didn't even know what a bench press was.

After a hard set, I would just use [Heal] on myself to repair the tired muscles.

As for my stamina…

"Oi, watcha lookin' at, punk?!"

A super muscular guy turned and started yelling at me after I accidentally bumped into him.

Ah… So this is the classic roid rage.

The other gym goers started standing up to defend me, but I didn't give them the chance.

I placed my hand on the guy and used [Drain Touch].

"Gaccck! Owww stop, stop! I don't get what you're doing, but stop!"

I replenished my stamina in this way.

Furthermore, I noticed a lot of people were impressed that a small guy like me brought down the biggest guy in the gym with just a touch. A couple buff guys came over to pat me on the back.

"Whoa! Do you practice martial arts or something?"

"You gotta teach me that!"

There were even some girls who looked like fitness models giving me glances.

Humu... Maybe going to the gym isn't so bad after all?

Rather, wasn't this every guy's fantasy? To take down the biggest guy in the gym and receive everyone's admiration.

This was the kind of story that would be posted in some message board, only for the other members to call out how fake it is.

Your 'Charisma' and 'Attractiveness' increased by +2!

I resumed my workout after that. Unfortunately, no one came to pick a fight with me, otherwise I would have had more chances to replenish my stamina.

Your 'Strength', 'Stamina', 'Willpower' and 'Health' increased by +2!

...

...

On my way out of the gym, I got a text from Chris.

Hey, Kazuma-kun! If you're free, do you wanna start transferring those Green Onions from the second floor to the Giant Toad area?

I was waiting for Chris to message me about this and immediately replied, telling her I'd meet up with her.

I didn't wait long in the dungeon before Chris showed up.

"Yo, Kazuma-kun! Thanks for coming!"

"Hey. I'm surprised Darkness isn't with you."

"...We're not a package deal."

We exchanged a bit of pleasantries before heading up to the second floor.

I used [Drain Touch] on some goblins to restore my stamina and joined Chris in wiping out the small fry that were in the way.

We were sharing the kills, so I only ended up with 15 EXP and 1,000 Yen.

"There they are, Kazuma-kun…"

Chris pointed to the Green Onions. They were currently resting in soil, but I knew that they could move around if they wanted to. For some reason, the vegetables in the dungeon can move and even attack. They were pretty delicious when cooked, though, like that cabbage that I made into a stir fry.

"...Kazuma-kun, why is your mouth watering? These green onions are supposed to be for the Giant Toads."

"I bet they'll make good garnish for katsudon."

"Maybe I shouldn't have brought you for this mission."

I decided to focus, so Chris wouldn't lose her trust in me.

"So, what should we do?"

"We both have the [Lurk] skill, so let's sneak up on them and grab two each. We don't need a lot to grow a garden."

"One for each hand. Got it."

"Are you ready, Kazuma-kun?"

"Ready…"

"Then, go!"

We made a sprint for the Green Onions, hands stretched out towards them.

The Green Onions sprouted out from the soil they were resting in and coiled up like a spring, ready to bounce away.

I snatched up two of them before they could leap away, with Chris doing the same.

"We got 'em… Good job, Kazuma-kun!"

"As expected of a thief… Chris is really good at snatching up Green Onions."

"...Please don't diminish my class into that of a produce gathering profession."

"I haven't seen you do anything really 'thief' like, though."

"I-It's just how my class is called! It doesn't really mean that I have to steal stuff! Kazuma-kun, you have the [Steal] skill, right? You didn't steal anything with it, did you?"

She was trying to prove a point, but…

"Yeah, I did."

"...?! Eh? You did?!"

It was during my coffee date with Rin, when I stole some delinquent's cash.

"Oi, Kazuma-kun, that's wrong! That's very wrong! You shouldn't use these skills in your world!"

I decided not to tell her how I had been spamming these skills during my soccer games.

"That guy deserved to have his money stolen from him, though."

He was sexually harassing the cashier, after all.

"That doesn't mean you can steal stuff from people!"

"You really are a fake thief…"

"Don't call me that!"

We went over to the Giant Toad area next. Like Chris said, there were only tadpoles bouncing around.

Chris set up signs all around for adventurers, warning them not to kill any of the tadpoles. Not like those signs were needed. The tadpoles that had different colors were all innocent and harmless. Only the most cruel people would try to hunt them down.

Even if they were considered infants, these tadpoles were bigger than a cat. That made them quite a sight to behold as they flopped around the grass or swam in puddles.

"Let's make a fenced area around here and start planting the Green Onions."

The fence needed to be quite big in order to properly keep the tadpoles away from the garden, at least until the green onions multiplied. Thankfully, Chris came prepared with the materials.

I used my [Smithing] skill to create tall fences around the Green Onions that Chris was planting.

The method is to nail the green onions down into the soil, so they couldn't escape. Green Onions had partial regeneration. Removing roots from them won't kill them, and those roots could be used to grow more Green Onions.

In this manner, we made quite a decently-sized garden.

"Phew, we sure put in the work!"

Chris said, wiping the sweat off her brow as we looked at our garden.

"It feels like real-life Harvest Moon."

"...It's just normal gardening."

Since I didn't have much experience with the real world, the only thing I could compare it to was a video game.

"Thanks for your help, Kazuma-kun! You're oddly reliable when it counts!"

"You didn't need to add in that 'oddly' part."

"I can rely on you again next time, right?"

I nodded at her.

"Text me anytime."

We waved at each other as we separated.

Your bond with Chris has deepened!

Chris (Silver-haired Thief), Bond Rank: 3

At Rank 3, Chris views you as someone she can confide with! Her trust in you is slowly increasing! It seems that the key to deepening a bond with her is to show her that you can get along with Darkness and the other girls! She thinks that you are reliable and resourceful and will ask for your help in keeping the dungeon safe and functional!

Bond Reward: You learn the [Bind] skill!

[Bind] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp cost)

Throw a rope at a creature. Success is determined by your [Dexterity] against the target's.

Oh…!

I always wanted to learn this skill!

From what I had seen Chris do with it, this skill was effective in restraining threats in a fight.

Even the Kobold Hero managed to get caught in Chris's [Bind].

...

...

When I got back to my place, I found Aqua watching the TV in the living room. Kazuto was also watching with her.

I sat with them after having some dinner and found myself sneaking glances at Aqua, with her sneaking glances back.

Kazuto sighed and grabbed the remote.

"I don't like this show, nee-chan. I'm gonna change it."

"Ehh… But I like that show… Oh, well, I guess I'll go upstairs."

What a horrible actress.

I gave Kazuto a nod for setting this up.

Then I went upstairs with Aqua and we went at it all night.

Part 4

"Hey, senpai, do you wanna continue our date tomorrow?"

Rin asked me, during lunch break.

We were in the cafeteria, where we ordered a set meal each.

"Of course, I promise that nothing will interrupt us this time!"

"You don't have to make promises, senpai."

I got overly excited and made a promise right out of the gate.

"By the way, senpai, do you know that this water park I booked for us has a famous water slide?"

"Oh, really?"

"Yeah! We definitely gotta try it out, alright?"

I imagined myself on a swim ring with Rin, leisurely going down the slide.

"Yeah, I don't see why not."

"Oh, my friends went on it before. Here, they sent me a video."

"..."

Now, I have faced death many times ever since I discovered the dungeon.

Yet, I still got scared by what I saw.

It was a 70-foot tall 'slide' that went straight down.

It didn't even seem sloped or safe in any way. It just looked like a freefall straight down a slope that barely qualified as a slide.

I watched Rin's friends scream in fear as the staff member pushed them down.

"..."

"Doesn't it look fun, senpai?!"

What's so fun about that?!

My mind raced as I tried to think of any excuse not to go on this godforsaken water slide.

But I already flaked out on her once, I couldn't do it again.

"Y-Yeah. It looks fun."

"Yay~! I'm looking forward to tomorrow!"

"Ah, yeah. Haha…"

…

…

Later that night, I was in all black clothes, using [Lurk] as I snuck into the water park.

My objective was to sabotage that accursed slide, so that the supervisors would close it for tomorrow.

Some might say this is drastic. Those people have never had to go down that slide.

I felt sorry since Rin was looking forward to this, but my guilt didn't outweigh my survival instincts.

"Yo, Mitsurugi!"

I hid behind a corner as I heard a familiar name being called out.

I peeked around the corner and sure enough, I saw Mitsurugi in a staff uniform, talking to some other guys our age.

"...Thanks for helping us out! One of our guys just quit without a two-week notice…"

"No problem! I don't mind covering a shift or two. We're fellow app-users, after all!"

"I'll give you some of my old gear as thanks."

"Ehh… Do I really need it? All my gear is pretty high-level, you know."

"What a showoff!"

I hid behind the wall again as they shared a laugh.

Mitsurugi and at least three other app users…

Why did this have to be the most heavily guarded water park of all time?!

Wasn't this overkill?!

…Then again, here I was, an app-user, using my skills to sneak into a water park, just because I didn't want to go down a slide.

I was about to give up and go home.

"Hey, earlier today, there was this guy who chickened out before going down the 70-foot slide. His girlfriend dumped him on the spot."

"...Wow… Poor guy."

I turned back around and went back to my hiding spot.

As if I could go back home after hearing that!

They were all close to the slide, meaning I couldn't just sneak past them. I didn't know what these app users were capable of, so using [Lurk] might not be enough.

Then again, I couldn't just wait for their shift to end, since I didn't want to get in trouble with my parents for staying up too late. That would interfere with my date tomorrow, which defeats the whole purpose of sneaking in here.

Mitsurugi also knew that I could imitate voices with [Versatile Entertainer], so I didn't want to risk exposing myself to get them to leave.

Then, I remember how I cleared up the crowd that was forming around me and Darkness, when we were facing Beldia.

"[Wind Breath], [Freeze]."

I chilled the air and blew it their way.

"Brrr… Why is it so cold in June?"

"Let's head inside, we're pretty much done cleaning here, anyway."

I used the opportunity to sneak in once they left.

I went up the stairs to the slide then thought about how to sabotage it. It wasn't like I wanted to do actual, serious damage to the thing, just because I was a coward.

Instead, I used [Smithing] to make it appear like parts of the slide had rusted and needed maintenance.

"...Kazuma-san, you've reached a new low."

Appuri-chan went ahead and scolded me.

"Oh, shut up! You don't know how many years I spent alone! I'm gonna relish my popular period as much as I can!"

"Even though you already have mama?! You're lucky that I'm inclined to help you since I'm an AI, otherwise I would have ratted on you already!"

It was true that I already had Aqua, but Aqua said it herself. It's better to have fun in the moment than worry about the future.

Those were her own words, so she couldn't just take it back.

Part 5

"Senpai! Sorry to keep you waiting!"

I turned my head around quickly when I heard Rin's voice behind me.

I had already changed into my new trunks and waited for Rin to come out of the ladies changing room.

The wait was worth it.

She was wearing a light green bikini with dark green trim. I admired her slim body and feminine curves, as well as her modest chest that was slightly exposed by her bikini top.

"How do I look?"

She said, while spinning around for me.

I gave her a thumb up.

"I'll have fun showing you off to the other schmucks here."

"Geez, senpai! Anyway, let's try that slide!"

She was really excited for that slide.

We went to the slide and saw the 'Out of Order' sign blocking the stairs. Rin let out a sigh of disappointment.

"Aww… I had been looking forward to this all week…"

Hearing that made me feel a tremendous amount of guilt.

I also noticed some other people looking disappointed when they saw the sign, including some young kids who started crying.

"..."

I took out my phone and called Mitsurugi.

"Eh? How'd you know I work at this water park?"

"Just come meet me near the bathroom."

I excused myself from Rin and went to meet up with Mitsurugi. Then, I explained to him what I did the other night.

He looked at me in sheer disgust.

"...That's the most pathetic thing I've ever heard, Satou."

He really didn't try to spare my feelings.

"Anyway, just tell the maintenance crew that you suspect the rust is fake, that it was some kind of prank or something."

"Alright. Well, for what it's worth, I appreciate your honesty."

It took thirty minutes for the maintenance crew to determine the rust was fake, but…

"Whooaaa! It's open now!"

Rin said, dragging my arm excitedly to the slide.

"Y-Yay…"

I said, in false excitement.

The whole time we were climbing up, Rin was talking excitedly to me, while all I could do was nod along and try to hide my fear.

Since we were one of the first to line up, it didn't take long until it was our turn.

"Let's do this, senpai!"

Rin said, as the lifeguard helped her lay down on the slide, instructing her to put both arms over her chest.

I watched her drop off, screaming in excitement as she slid down. She went down at such high speeds that it seemed like she appeared in the pool below in the blink of an eye. She waved to me when she made it down.

While shaking all over, I followed the lifeguard's instructions and laid on my back, feeling the cold surface of the pool.

"Are you ready?"

He asked, placing his hand on my shoulder.

"..."

When I didn't respond, he took that as a sign to push me forward.

"W-Wait…! I'm… Gahhh?!"

I felt the sensation of falling.

Then, I hit the water.

…It honestly wasn't even that bad.

It felt like a normal drop in a roller coaster, but it was way shorter than a roller coaster.

It only looked bad because of how scary it looked from the outside, but when I thought about it, even little kids were allowed to go on this slide. There was no way it'd be unsafe.

"Whooo! That was fun, wasn't it, senpai!"

With all the adrenaline coursing through her, Rin didn't even hesitate to hug me.

Yeah, it honestly wasn't that bad.

You gained +2 'Bravery'!

We spent a couple hours in the park, riding more slides. Rin went to the 70-foot slide at least 4 times. I became immune to the fear after going with her all those times.

We met up again at the entrance after changing. Rin smiled as she waved me over.

"I had a blast, senpai. How 'bout you?"

"Yeah, me too."

"We're having so much fun that I don't want the date to end just yet, you know?"

That was an invitation if I ever heard one.

"Yeah, there's still a lot more time."

She had a thoughtful look on her face.

"Oh, do you wanna come over to my place, senpai?"

She asked me so innocently, that it took me a few seconds to register what she said.

"Yeah, that sounds good."

I tried to sound as calm as possible.

And in reality, I really was calm.

I wasn't the same kissless virgin as before!

That didn't stop the nerves, though.

I followed Rin to her place, first coming to a grocery store as she wanted to buy ingredients for dinner.

"Here we are!"

She led me to a standard apartment. I left my shoes at the door and followed her in.

She showed me to her room and left to get some snacks and tea. I looked around, seeing her pictures and Magical Tanuki Girl merch. She sat down next to me when she got back and served the tea.

She took out her phone and we looked at the pictures she took of us in the water park.

"Oh, this one's cute! Do you mind if I post this?"

"I don't mind."

I never posted any pictures of myself on social media before, but I couldn't say no to her.

"Hehe… We look good together, don't we?"

She said, bumping her shoulder against mine, while giving me a teasing smile as she scrolled through the pictures, looking for stuff to post.

Out of all the girls I knew, Rin was the most normal one. That didn't make her any less interesting, though. I liked talking about books with her, talking about school and stuff. She was a grounding presence amid all the other craziness in my life.

I sincerely liked Rin.

That was why, when I felt like the mood was right…

I placed my arm around her.

"Oh? Senpai… You sure are bold."

There was a light flush on her cheeks from the contact.

"...You were the one who invited me here. Not to mention rubbing your shoulder against me this whole time."

"Eh, you noticed that, huh?"

It was hard not to notice.

"Senpai… How are things going with that girl you were talking about? Are you dating her now?"

Here it was. I suppose it was natural for her to ask this, before taking any further steps with me.

I didn't want to lie to her, so I told her the truth.

"...We went all the way the other day."

"I see… And you still agreed to go on a date with me, huh? Senpai, you're quite the playboy."

I didn't argue because it was all true.

"Ah, but I'm not dating her."

"But you do like her, right, senpai?"

I slowly nodded, thinking about Aqua.

"Yeah, I do."

"But you like me, too?"

I felt like a scumbag for this, but I also nodded.

"Y-Yeah."

"Is this girl gonna get mad at you for seeing other girls?"

"No, she's the open-minded type."

To a fault, I'd say. But her Axis-cult teachings were actually convenient for me, so I couldn't criticize her too much.

"Well, I said what I said before, senpai, and I haven't changed my mind. I'm fine with it since we're still in highschool. We should just have fun without taking things too seriously. Ah, but it's important to communicate at all times, right? Like, if I'm feeling jealous, or you decide that you like one more than the other. We need to talk about these things honestly."

Once again, I was reminded of how mature Rin really was, even though she was a year younger than me.

"Yeah… I promise I'll properly talk to you about everything."

I hesitated to tell her about me going all the way with Aqua before, but if I wanted to make this work, I couldn't hold back like that anymore.

And since we weren't keeping secrets from one another…

"By the way… I was actually really scared to go down that slide."

She giggled and leaned closer to me, her face drawing near mine.

"Yeah, I could tell. But you still went with me. That's why I like you, senpai."

She whispered, then leaned in even more.

I let my lips draw to hers, until they met in a sweet, gentle kiss.

It didn't last long, but Rin was blushing all over when we parted. I also felt my face getting hot.

"Wahh… My first kiss…"

She breathed out, glancing up at me shyly.

"Congratulations, Rin. I give you permission to show off to your friends about this."

"You joke about that, but you're pretty popular among my friends. You're the senpai who is an important player on the soccer team, after all."

"...Want to give me their numbers?"

"Senpai… I'm open-minded, but my friends are off limits."

I guess even the kindhearted Rin wouldn't budge on that.

Your bond with Rin has deepened!

Hinamori Rin (Librarian on Duty), Bond Rank: 6

At Rank 6, Hinamori Rin has developed feelings for you! You have become more than friends! She accepts the fact that you two are not exclusive, yet, she wants to see where this goes since she cares for you. You can go on dates whenever you want, and go to her apartment when she's free. Have fun dating her!

Your relationship has reached a crossroads. Be careful how you proceed!

Bond Reward: +20 Mana capacity

Part 6

I had some time before going back home, so I decided to make a stop at Wiz's shop.

"Oh, if it isn't the boy who is happy because he can enjoy the affections of two girls at once! What a scumbag, a prime example of an enemy of all women!"

Of course, Vanir was there to start some shit with me.

"...I'm here as a potential customer, so zip it."

"Hmm… It seems that you are. Looking for a scroll, yes?"

The only thing good about Vanir's mind-reading ability was that it made communicating with him very easy. I didn't even have to explain much.

Wiz came out to the counter, happy to see me, one of her only real customers.

"Ah, Kazuma-san, thank you for coming!"

"Have you been eating well, Wiz?"

"Yes! I had one more drop of sugar to go with my water the other day!"

I looked accusingly at Vanir, who glanced away from me.

"...It is not my fault that this decrepit shopkeeper can't turn a profit! Not only that, but that goddess playmate of yours keeps coming here to disrupt our business!"

"I'll talk to her."

Aqua had way too much free time.

When Wiz heard that I was looking for a scroll, she took out her collection.

"Kazuma-san, this is a scroll that has the ability to absorb a spell that has been cast on you!"

"Oh, that's pretty useful!"

"Indeed! And it only has a 70% chance of making the spell blow up in your face!"

"Wiz, from now on, please don't recommend things that have a chance of killing me."

With a sad expression, she put away most of the scrolls she laid out on the counter.

I turned to Vanir.

"Oi, why don't you just tell me which scroll will end up being important to me in the future? You've given me advice before."

"...Do you think that I'm that convenient?! I only give advice that will directly benefit me!"

"Aren't you an employee at this store?! And I'm your only customer! If you want me to spend any money at all, you better help now!"

"...You make a good point, boy. Very well. Then, I'd look into getting this [Unlock] spell scroll…"

"What does the spell do?"

"It simply unlocks doors or restricted areas."

"I suppose that's useful in the dungeon…"

"You're not getting more information out of me!"

"Yeah, I figured."

Wiz was excited when Vanir convinced me to get the scroll, which cost me 10,000 Yen.

"Thank you so much for your purchase! Maybe I can buy some onigiri next time!"

I almost wanted to give Wiz some more money… But I knew that she'd just waste it, anyway.

Your bond with Wiz has deepened!

Wiz (Lich Shopkeeper), Bond Rank: 3

At Rank 3, Wiz sees you as a returning customer who gave her money that she can use to buy some solid food. You remain as her best, and only, customer. Shopping in the store will deepen your bond with her.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Ice Magic Increase]!

[Ice Magic Increase] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Increases the power of Ice Magic by +1.

…

…

When I returned home, I went up to Aqua's room to talk to her about Wiz.

"...Don't give Wiz a hard time."

"Hah? Kazuma, we've been doing it a lot, right? Then why are you still lusting after that filthy Lich?! Don't let those big melons fool you, she's a dark, evil being who serves the Demon King!"

"I'm not lusting after her! I just feel bad for the poor girl!"

"Girl… Kazuma, she might look young, but Liches are immortal beings! For all you know, she's a granny who is rotting on the inside!"

"You're immortal, too. How do I know you're not a granny?"

"...I'm pretty sure we're the same age."

"You're pretty sure, huh?"

She smirked and got closer, placing a hand on my shoulder, then pushing me down on the bed.

"Does it really matter, hm? You'll still do it with me, anyway."

What an abrupt subject change.

Still, I didn't refuse her advances.

Soon, we were both naked and she was on top of me, straddling me with her thighs.

"Mnnn.. Nnn…! Nnn!"

She moaned as she rode me hard, her breasts bouncing along with the movement.

"Hah… You can't just… Rely on sex to make me stop lecturing you!"

I said, even though my hands moved up from her waist to her breasts, grabbing handfuls of them. She graciously leaned down and arched her back to give me access.

In response, she just squeezed me tighter, clamping around my cock, making me groan from the pleasure.

"Sorry, what was that, Kazuma? I can't hear you over your own moans…"

"Geez…! Hahhhn…!"

With how excited I got over Rin's kiss, this session with Aqua just felt better.

And she was clearly trying her best to make me forget about the matter with Wiz.

Just like that…

It didn't take long until I was moaning and shooting spurts all over her stomach.

"Hah… Hah…"

I breathed out as Aqua slipped away from me and laid beside me, curling up at my side.

She grinned and kissed me on the cheek.

"That's not fair…"

I muttered, while placing my arm on my forehead.

"Well, it's not fair how you're always taking Wiz's side… Even though I'm the one who's your lover…"

It made me blush, hearing Aqua call herself that.

"...Speaking of things like lovers."

I told her about what happened with Rin, choosing to tell the truth like Rin said.

"What kind of girl is this Rin, anyway? Maybe I should meet her?"

I imagined Aqua and Rin meeting, and immediately got a headache.

"...I don't think that's a good idea."

"Why? I mean, if we're gonna share you, I might as well get to know her."

"You both have very different personalities…"

"I see… So she's the chaotic and impulsive type, huh?"

Aqua…

She was more delusional than I thought.

"Hey, Kazuma, why are you looking at me like that, as if you're pitying me?!"

I placed a hand on her shoulder.

"You are blessed with good looks, Aqua. Truly."

"Oi, I can tell when you're insulting me, and that sure felt like an insult!"

"Just be glad you were born a goddess."

"...I am glad, but again, that really feels like an insult!"

Aqua kept questioning me on what I meant by that, before she got bored and kicked me out of her room.

I went back to my room and took a look at one of the books Rin recommended to me. I didn't have any homework to do, so I spent the rest of the night reading it.

"Your 'Creativity' increased by +1! Also, Kazuma-san, please don't tease mama so much!"

Instead of just giving me a report of my stat increase, Appuri-chan took the opportunity to scold me about my treatment of her mama.

"Don't ignore me! Also, your new quests have been determined!"

"...Why did it take so long after I completed the second floor boss quest?"

"You've improved a lot, so it took some time to come up with quests of an appropriate difficulty! Do you wish to see them now?"

Reading that book made me sleepy, so I decided that it could wait for tomorrow.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, Asfhjlpif and 383 others
BoringBone
Sep 21, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 20: Interrogation For This Demon!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 22, 2024
Add bookmark
#383
Chapter 20: Interrogation For This Demon!

Part 1

I checked the new quests I unlocked when I woke up the next morning.

Repopulate the Giant Toads! Quest Rewards: +2 Intelligence, +2 Willpower

Kill the third floor boss! Quest Rewards: Random loot box

Discover the next trendy place! Quest Rewards: +2 Charisma, +2 Attractiveness

I was already planning on doing the first two.

But the third quest caught me off guard.

"...Where should I even look?"

The smoothie store and the cafe was straightforward enough, but I didn't know what other place would get the attention of normies.

I decided to just keep an eye on the news and the service locator.

I noticed there was a note waiting for me when I went downstairs to eat breakfast. It was the 1,000 Yen weekly allowance, left for me by my dad.

Here's your allowance! I bet you really need it!

Maybe a month ago, but this allowance was pretty much useless to me now.

It was the same thing with my family's bond rank reward of letting me skip classes.

I was actually trying in school now, so I couldn't afford to skip.

Still, I took the allowance since it was free money.

I went off to school. On my way there, I saw Rin.

"Ah! Senpai, good morning! I had fun yesterday!"

A rosy-cheeked Rin greeted me.

She was still embarrassed about the kiss. How cute.

"Yeah, me too. Oh, I read some of the new books you recommended to me."

"Nice! Please tell me your impressions!"

The slight awkwardness disappeared as soon as we started talking about Rin's favorite hobby.

I noticed Mitsurugi by the school gates. When I walked past him without acknowledging him, he grabbed me by the arm.

"Oi… I know you saw me, so why were you walking past me?"

He said, giving me an offended look.

"I thought you said you weren't gonna cockblock me during my morning walks with Rin."

"Then you must have realized that this must be important if I'm 'cockblocking' you, right?!"

He was speaking too loudly and Rin heard him. She looked at us in confusion and said,

"Eh? Um, what is 'cockblocking'?"

I gave a warning look to Mitsurugi not to corrupt the innocent Rin and he rapidly shook his head.

"It's nothing! Um, I need to talk to your boyfriend, so…"

He was calling me her boyfriend. This guy really lacked any tact.

Rin just chuckled and started walking away.

"Alright, I'll see you later, senpai!"

I waved at her and turned to Mitsurugi, not bothering to hide how annoyed I was.

"This better be good."

"I told you, it's important! Listen, one of the app-users I'm friends with said that he saw a portal opening in his neighborhood and a demon scout came out of it! Here he got it on film!"

He was probably talking about one of the app-users I saw him talk to in the swimming pool. I accepted his phone and played the video in question.

Mitsurugi wasn't kidding around. It was in the video, a red, demonic creature stepped out of the portal, into the streets.

"...Aqua told me that the Demon King army can only open a portal to our world every full-moon. Is this one of those accidental portal openings?"

Just like Dust and the succubi who accidentally arrived here from the other world, I thought it was one such scenario.

"I hope that's the case. Because if it wasn't, then that means the Demon King army finally figured out how to create portals whenever they want!"

I watched the rest of the video. The demon looked around, before sprinting away from the portal.

"Did your friend attempt to give chase?"

I asked, to which Mitsurugi shook his head.

"No, he was with a girl, so he didn't want to leave."

"...He risked the safety of our world because he didn't want to leave some girl?"

"C-Come on, go easy on him."

Mitsurugi couldn't even defend his friend, and just pleaded for me not to insult him too much.

"Well, we need to track of where this demon is going."

"Do you have any ideas, Satou?"

"I have a [Tracking] skill, but it only works on tracks that have been there for 30 minutes."

"Oh, that's unfortunate…"

"I guess we'll just have to look around for him."

Mitsurugi sighed and swept his hair back.

"Alright. I'll recruit some people to help. You should also ask the girls we hunted the Kobold Hero with to help."

"I'll ask Chris for help."

"Yes, Chris-san and the other girls as well."

"No, just her."

"Why?! It's more efficient if we have lots of people looking for that thing!"

"Megumin will try to blow the demon up on sight. Aqua will exorcize it right away. Darkness will want to be interrogated, rather than interrogate the thing. Yunyun will try to make friends with it. That's why."

"...You really have no faith in those girls, huh, Satou?"

"Absolutely zero."

"F-Fine. Let's begin our search tonight, then."

Part 2

That night, the app-users spread out through the whole city to look for this demon.

I asked Chris to help as well. Those with the [Enemy Detection] skill were sure to be useful in this case.

We didn't go together, as having more eyes to go around different areas of the city was more efficient.

That said, I also knew that just looking around randomly wasn't going to do much good.

So, I decided to contact an informant.

There were a few people I knew who came from the other world, who might know a thing or two. I sought out Dust for information.

I knew exactly where to find him, the red light district, more specifically, the Succubus Shop.

"I'm sorry dear customer, but if you don't have the money…"

"Oh, come on! I'm a regular customer! Shouldn't you give me some special treatment?!"

"...But you already owe us for your last three unpaid visits."

A pathetic scene was waiting for me in the Succubus Shop.

"...! Kazuma! Dear ol' pal! You don't mind spotting me, do you?"

"Only if you give me some information…"

"That succubus over there has an E cup."

"Not that kind of information."

I told him about the demon I was looking for.

"Hmm… If it's a demon from the other world, then wouldn't they respond to the language of my world?"

"That's a pretty good idea, coming from you."

"What does that mean?"

If I made a fake message for the demon, pretending I was on its side, I might be able to trap it.

"Alright, here's 1,000 Yen."

I gave him the fee for the Succubus Shop.

"Ohh! I knew I could count on you! You're the best, Kazuma!"

Your bond with Dust has increased!

Dust (The Blond Delinquent), Bond Rank: 3

At Rank 3, Dust will give you information about the other world, as long as you cover his Succubus Shop fees! Dust views you as someone with deep pockets who he can follow around and receive money from. Be careful about being seen with him in public, as he owes the yakuza a fair bit of debt.

Bond Reward: [Spear] Rank-up

[Spear] Skill Rank: 2, Passive Skill

You are proficient in using spears. You gain 20% weapon accuracy with attacks using spears and +1 to damage using spears.

He was really just using me for money. What a transactional relationship.

Next, I wanted to ask the succubi for information, just in case they knew something. I booked a session with Rorisa.

The receptionist succubus took me to the private room, where Rorisa soon came to greet me.

"Hello, Kazuma-san! Thank you for being so understanding last time with Vanir-san!"

"It's no problem."

I was actually really annoyed by that, but I couldn't stay annoyed for long if she gave me such a cute smile.

"Actually, Rorisa, I wanted to ask you about this demon…"

"Oh, Kazuma-san wants to request a demon-type character this time?"

She made quite a misunderstanding.

Actually, that gave me an idea.

"Is it possible to request a scenario where I fight a typical Demon King army soldier from another world?"

Rorisa thought about it before nodding.

"Yes, that's possible. Although it will have to be limited to what I know about them."

"Alright, let's go for that, then."

That way, I could prepare myself for when I have to fight a real demon.

"So is Kazuma-san the one who will be conquered, or is Kazuma-san conquering the feisty demon warrior?"

She still misunderstood me.

I explained to her that I didn't want any lewd elements in the dream. I just wanted to see what it was like to fight a demon soldier.

With all the parameters set, I laid in bed and went to sleep.

When I regained my awareness, I was in a battlefield among soldiers facing off against a horde of demons.

The soldiers around me bore flags of a nation I didn't recognize.

"For Belzerg! For Princess Iris!"

There was a short-haired blonde lady with a blue streak in her hair, leading the charge. She raised a sword and the soldiers all cheered.

I looked down at my equipment and saw that I had my regular gear, just like I requested.

I watched as the soldiers and demons charged, using [Lurk] on myself to quietly observe.

While I was watching, I noticed that the demons had all kinds of fighting styles. Those who were frontlining had huge frames and carried heavy weapons that no normal human could carry.

There were medium-sized demons in robes carrying staffs, who unleashed magic on the soldiers. There were also those who used bows to shoot enemies from afar.

Finally, there was a small class of demons who acted more like rogues and skirmishers. I recognized that the demon from the video belonged to this class.

I watched how the smaller demons fought. They were light on their feet and used all sorts of dirty tricks to take down bigger opponents.

"[Steal]!"

"[Bind]!"

In short, their combat style was similar to mine.

I was used to outsmarting opponents and taking them off guard, but these guys also relied on the same kind of trickery.

In fact, when I pulled out my bow and tried to shoot one, it seemed to notice me with a detection skill and took cover before I could even fire. They escaped my awareness, before sneaking up on me with a dagger and striking me in the back.

"[Assassinate]!"

I couldn't even react as I immediately died.

I woke up from the dream, panting from the momentary pain I felt.

"Are you alright, Kazuma-san?"

Rorisa-san asked, placing a hand on my shoulder.

"Yeah, can you give me the same dream?"

"Eh? But this isn't really a dream, it's a nightmare!"

"I'd rather be prepared than die like that in reality."

Rorisa-san sighed and placed me back in the dream again.

I was back in the battlefield again.

This time, I made sure to focus on my surroundings like I did with the Rookie Killer, truly shutting off my senses to everything else and watching out only for the demon.

When I felt [Enemy Detection] signalling me of an attack, I quickly turned with my bow and shot an arrow at the threat.

The demon fell down, killed by the arrow.

I woke up again, with Rorisa smiling at me.

"Good job, Kazuma-san! You did it!"

"Humu, it's only natural."

"Ah, would you like me to give you a lewd dream as well?"

I already went all the way with Aqua, but…

"Well, since I'm here…"

…I couldn't resist, in the end.

Since Rorisa fulfilled my strange request, I also made sure to give her a tip.

Your bond with Rorisa has deepened!

Rorisa (Rookie Succubus), Bond Rank: 3

At Rank 3, Rorisa thinks that you are into some weird play. Regardless, she sees you as more than just a customer, thanks to your kind treatment of her. Treating her nicely when you come over will increase your bond with her.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Bedroom Skill]!

[Bedroom Skill], Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are proficient in pleasing your partner in bed. Success is determined by 'Charisma' (62).

I learned quite a crazy skill…

Rather, I was confused as to why I didn't gain that skill when I first slept with Aqua, since I was also able to gain skills just by performing it.

…Was Appuri-chan trying to say that I didn't do well enough to learn the skill on my own?

"Eh…? Kazuma-san, why are you putting me on sleep mode?!"

I got pissed off and put her to sleep.

Part 3

Since the demon rouge-types in Rorisa's dream service seemed to have a skill that could one-shot me, I decided to get better protection.

I went over to the blacksmith.

Like last time, the storekeeper was reading an erotic magazine. He looked up at me with bare interest.

"What do ya want?"

"...Is that how you treat a returning customer?"

"You want me to give you some complimentary shuwa shuwa or something? Just tell me what you want, then buzz off."

I really hated having to give this guy money.

"I'm going on a hunt tonight…"

"Not interested."

"I don't even know what you think I was trying to ask. But that's not it."

I told him that I needed armor. I also needed some high quality rope for my recently acquired [Bind] skill.

"If you want a direct upgrade for your iron breastplate, I can give you a discount."

"Wait, you can do that?"

"Yup. There's an [Upgrade] skill available to the blacksmith class that can let me upgrade an armor if I have the material available."

"What a useful skill… Say, do you want to set up a bond link, maybe?"

I didn't know how else to say it, so I directly asked him.

After all, if I made a bond with him, it was possible that I could learn that skill through the bond rewards.

"Hah? Not a chance. You're one creepy kid, asking to bond like that…"

"Oi! It's beneficial for the both of us to learn skills from one another, right?! In fact, I have something called a [Bedroom Skill] that might be available if you get close enough with me…"

"I don't need some lame skill to make me better in bed."

Seeing how adamant he was to refuse the offer, I just gave up and gave him the armor to upgrade.

The upgrade cost me 20,000 Yen.

Steel Breastplate - Medium Armor (Rare)

Reduces incoming physical damage by 7. Applies -7 penalty to stealth related stats when sneaking.

Sells for: 14,000 yen

As for the rope, he sold it to me for 1,500 Yen.

"Oh, yeah, you bought a hunting shortbow last time, right? Do you want a better bow?"

He was really intent on making money off of me.

Still, I couldn't deny that I needed more firepower.

"Yeah, what do you have?"

"I have this Elven Shortbow for 15,000 Yen."

I looked at his ears.

"How can you make an elf bow when you're not an elf?"

Better yet, were there any elves in Japan to begin with?

"Idiot. I have this skill called [Cultural Exchange] that lets me create equipment outside of my species. It includes species and races from the other world."

Since elves in stories were known for their archery prowess, I imagined that this bow would be quite powerful.

It was quite an expensive item, but my archery was still my most reliable DPS option. I decided to fork the money over for the upgrade.

I also sold my old bow for 1,500 Yen. Then, I assigned the new bow as one of my two signature weapons.

Elven Shortbow - Signature Weapon (Rare)

Shortbow of elven make. That said, a normal Japanese oji-san made it.

Ammo: 20/20 (Steel-tipped arrows)

Bow Accuracy: Dexterity modifier = 62% chance of hitting

Weapon Damage: 5 piercing damage Dexterity modifier (6) Bonus (2) = 13 damage

Sells for: 10,000 yen

"Did you level up or something, oji-san? I remember you were only an intermediate blacksmith last time."

I said, while looking at the rarity of the weapons and armor he was able to make.

"I guess I leveled up after ripping off… I mean, serving customers like yourself."

This guy wasn't even hiding it anymore.

I left the store once I made my purchases.

From then on, I would enact Dust's plan to capture the demon.

I used the [Smithing] skill to carve out messages all over town.

Dust gave me a message in the other world's language, which translated to an order for the demon to meet with its superiors.

The meeting place I specified was Wiz's store.

I figured that since a Demon King general was staying there, the demon would have an easier time believing the message.

And if something went wrong, perhaps Wiz would take pity on me and defeat the demon for me.

I also recruited the help of the other app-users through Mitsurugi, as well as Chris, to plaster this message all around the city.

I felt a bit bad that there was random graffiti of some unknown language all over the place. Still, being a nuisance to the public was better than letting this demon wander around.

"Yo, Wiz."

I said, as I entered the store.

"Oh, Kazuma-san! Thank you for shopping with us once again!"

She had the wrong idea.

Vanir glanced at me from where he was sitting and scoffed.

"Foolish shopkeeper. This shrewd boy doesn't intend to give us proper business at all. In fact, he is using us to capture one of our comrades…"

"Eh?! Kazuma-san, is that true?!"

I felt a bit bad now, since Wiz was so innocent.

I shook that feeling of guilt off, knowing that Vanir was using that against me.

"Just let me stay here for a bit. You can do that much for me as a regular customer, right?"

"W-Well, I suppose so…"

"What a terrible businesswoman! You, boy, if you don't intend to buy any of the wares, then leave!"

"...If you make me leave, then I'll have Aqua come here and sprinkle holy water all over the place."

Wiz looked horrified when I said that.

"Please don't do that, Kazuma-san!"

"Aren't you a Lich, woman?! Why are you cowering before a mere human and his pet goddess!"

I gave an evil smirk at Vanir and continued,

"Aqua is your direct counter. Think twice before kicking me out…"

"...Among all the humans I've encountered, you're probably the one closest to a devil. Fine, stay if you want, boy! But I won't make this visit a comfortable one for you! I will now proceed to share your romantic escapades to the innocent Wiz!"

Wiz blushed as she heard this and waved her hands around.

"E-Eh?! No, that's rather embarrassing!"

I also didn't want Wiz to hear about my private affairs.

"Oi, Vanir, if you don't want this shop to be flooded with holy water, you better not follow up on that threat!"

"You see, it seems this boy over here who was a virgin not that long ago is getting a big head. He now has two girls that he's fooling around with…"

"Kazuma-san is a playboy?!"

I suffered through this the entire time I waited for the devil to arrive.

Part 4

It took a couple hours until [Enemy Detection] alerted me of a threat.

Vanir was telling Wiz all about my embarrassing secrets until he supposedly got full from all the nourishment. He went to work on items that adventurers might buy once he had his fun.

That meant that it was just me and Wiz in the store front when I felt the demon's presence.

"...Don't tell him I'm here, Wiz."

I instructed her, as I used [Lurk] and hid behind the counter.

She looked down at me as I crouched beside her legs, my face leaning against the side of her thigh.

"Um, Kazuma-san, why is your face pressed up against me…?"

She was blushing not only from the contact, but from the stories Vanir told her.

"I can't help it. I'm hiding, after all."

"...But there's lots of space under there."

"Shhh! The demon is coming in!"

The door opened, making the bell ring.

"Welcome to Wiz's Magic Item Store!"

"...! W-Wiz-sama! Forgive me, I didn't know that I was supposed to rendezvous with you!"

"Eh? You were?"

Wiz blinked in confusion, then looked back down at me.

I made a motion with my hands, telling her to play along.

"O-Oh, right…"

"...? What's the matter, Wiz-sama? You seem unsure."

"U-Um… Please wait a moment…!"

Wiz knelt down to face me eye-level.

"Kazuma-san, what do you want me to say?!"

"Just turn around and pretend you're sorting through your wares. I'm gonna use a skill to imitate your voice."

"A-Alright…"

She didn't seem all that eager to do this, but she still stood up and turned around to the wares on the display shelves behind her. Then, I used [Versatile Entertainer].

"...Tell me the details about your scouting mission."

I said, in Wiz's voice.

"Yes, ma'am! I was sent here with two tasks. The first is to make sure that our new portal system works. The second is to find out what happened to Beldia-sama and Vanir-sama, if they were defeated or if they turned traitor…"

"The portal system… What kind of improvements has the Demon King army made?"

"We can now open small portals that can transfer two people at a time on every change of the moon phase, rather than once per full moon."

This was really bad. Once per month was already bad enough, but if they could send a Beldia and Vanir level threat every week, I wasn't sure if we could deal with that.

"...So, Wiz-sama, did you just want me to report to you? If so, then I will go back to my duties."

"Wait, I have one more task for you…"

"What is it, Wiz-sama?"

"You see, I've been very lonely here in this world… And I'd like some company… Perhaps you could be my partner, hmm~?"

"...?!"

Wiz shot me a panicked look as I used her voice to seduce the demon.

"W-W-Wiz-sama?! Surely a lowly demon like me… With someone like you…!"

Wiz looked at me pleadingly, begging me not to go further, but I wanted to take this chance to make the demon lower his guard.

"Take off your clothes and service your mistress, demon…"

"Y-Yes, Wiz-sama! Gladly!"

As expected, this demon couldn't resist the once in a lifetime chance to sleep with Wiz.

When I heard the demon removing its gear, I leapt out from behind the counter.

"...Eh?! A human?!"

I was about to throw the rope at him to use [Bind], but the demon kicked up the dagger it dropped on the ground and threw it at me.

"[Dagger Throw]!"

The dagger moved in a rapid spin towards me.

"[Steal]!"

I stole the dagger mid-flight, the weapon appearing safely in my hand.

It didn't matter if the weapon was moving in a deadly trajectory or was part of an attack. In fact, the skill was basically guaranteed to work since the weapon was no longer in the user's possession.

The demon was disoriented by having his weapon suddenly appear in my hands. I used that chance to throw the rope at him.

"[Bind]!"

"Ah, crap…!"

It couldn't move out of the way in time, as the rope wrapped around its entire body, making it fall on the ground.

"...Wiz-sama! Please help me!"

I gave it a cruel grin while imitating Wiz's voice once more.

"Nope~! Just give up, you stupid demon~!"

It had red skin, but I saw its face pale when it realized what happened.

"Wiz-sama, have you betrayed us?!"

Wiz shook her head in denial.

"N-No, I didn't! But I can't harm humans, so…"

"But you can't interfere with us demons! That's part of the deal!"

"T-That's true…"

I turned to Wiz and said,

"Oi, you saw what happened. This demon attacked first by throwing that dagger at me. I was just protecting myself."

"T-That's also true…"

"Wiz-sama, please don't listen to this human!"

"U-Um… W-Well, I'm sorry! But you did attack Kazuma-san, so he was only right to defend himself!"

"Gahhh! This can't be!"

I smirked and went over to the demon, rolling him around like a log with my foot.

"Oi, you can't complain since you were stripping and about ready to do all sorts of erotic things with Wiz! Did you really think you'd have a chance with your superior, huh?!"

"Y-You took advantage of my admiration for Wiz-sama! How dare you!"

"Ehhh… You hear that, Wiz? This little demon admires you!"

Both Wiz and the demon blushed in embarrassment as I started laughing at his plight.

"Kuh! J-Just kill me already!"

The demon started saying lines that Darkness would say.

"Nope, you're gonna give me more information. Tell me everything you know, now."

"And why would I do that?!"

"...You're currently buckass naked and tied up. What kind of leverage do you have in this scenario?"

"Y-You make a good point."

I eventually got it to give up.

"...I don't really have any more information I can give you. I'm just a scout after all. Ah, but I do know that the Demon King is planning to send two generals next week, when we can open a portal again."

"Which generals is he sending?"

"Hans-sama, a giant poison slime and Sylvia-sama, a chimera…"

The chimera sounded a bit threatening, but the slime didn't seem all that scary.

After all, I defeated a slime before in the dungeon.

However, Wiz seemed nervous when the demon told us who was coming.

"Oh, no… Hans-san in particular is very scary."

"Hah? Wouldn't the chimera be a bigger threat?"

"Sylvia-san is also powerful, but Hans-sama as a poison slime has powerful regeneration and is almost immune to physical attacks. Not to mention his incredibly potent poison…"

Could it be that slimes were actually pretty dangerous?

Even though they were just cute mascot characters in Dragon Quest.

"I-I gave you information, so please let me go now…"

The demon said, as it squirmed underneath my feet as I kept it in place.

"And why would I do that? It's better to just keep you prisoner here for a while."

I learned my lesson with the Kobolds. When I used [Lore Reading], I found out that this small, red demon didn't have any means to evolve or grow more powerful. That meant that it wouldn't suddenly get a power up like the Kobold Hero did.

That meant that we could keep it in captivity while knowing the full extent of what it was capable of.

"Um, where are you planning to keep him, Kazuma-san?"

Wiz asked, looking at her comrade in the army with pity.

"Just keep him here for now. You need employees anyway, right?"

"W-Well, that's true…"

She couldn't deny that.

"As for you, demon, you get to be with the Wiz-sama you admire so much. It's not a bad deal for you, right?"

"...I suppose there's some positives to this."

Trying to find some good in this bad situation he found himself in, the demon said this.

Part 5

The next day, after school, I asked the same group that took down the Kobold Hero to meet me at a family restaurant.

Mitsurugi was the first to arrive, followed by Megumin. Even though Chris and Darkness weren't from around here, Aqua was actually the last to arrive.

"You're lucky I showed up in the first place!"

Aqua said, when I pointed this out.

I then told them what I learned through that demon.

Mitsurugi sighed in concern.

"It's a good thing my friend managed to film that demon, or we would have never known about this."

"A giant poison slime and a chimera, huh? That sounds cool."

Megumin said, nodding along to whatever image she had in her head of our enemies.

Yunyun rubbed her chin.

"A slime, huh…? I tried to make friends with one in the dungeon, but it tried to melt my clothes instead… I think it was called a cloth eating slime…"

"...Where did you encounter this creature, Yunyun?"

Of course, that got Darkness's interest.

Chris coughed into her hand, trying to get everyone back on track.

"Slimes are pretty powerful, but their abilities are largely known. They are incredibly durable and have high regeneration on top of that. However, a chimera's abilities are much harder to predict…"

That was because chimeras were made out of many different components. Even the demon couldn't tell me much, since he said that Sylvia had a habit of absorbing a bunch of different things into her body.

"The thing I'm most concerned about is how to hide this from the public. If it's a giant slime we're dealing with…"

Mitsurugi said, as he rubbed his temples from the stress of all of this.

"Apparently, chimeras have high magic resistance, right? Then I'm not sure if my explosion magic will be much help."

We all turned in surprise at what Megumin said.

"...Hey, is this the real Megumin, or an imposter?"

Aqua said, pulling Megumin's cheek to see if her body was real and not that of a doll's.

"Hah? Why are you all surprised?! Did you think that I'd insist on just blasting it with explosion magic?!"

"That's what you say every single time."

I said, unable to forget how she acted before.

"Hmph… Why would I be excited about firing off my explosion magic against a target that won't even be harmed by it?"

"Even though you get excited firing it off in the junkyard and at abandoned buildings?"

"That's only for practice! But if I'm against a living opponent and they manage to tank my spell… The humiliation of my explosion magic being ineffective in that scenario is too much!"

I couldn't really understand her reasoning. It seemed like no one did.

Still, I said,

"It won't hurt to try and raise the levels of Megumin's explosion, though. Even if the enemies have high magic resistance, if we can increase the attack power of explosion, it could be our trump card."

Megumin's face filled up with joy as she leaned forward to grab my hands.

"Kazuma! I knew you have what it takes to be an explosion sommelier! What an excellent idea!"

Of course she approved of it.

"I guess we'll have to go down the dungeon, then. Oh, Aqua, you'll be there, too."

"...No thanks."

She gave us a blank look.

"Hah? Even though you were begging me to take you along last time?"

"I wasn't begging! And it's too dangerous to go into the dungeon with this explosion girl!"

She was still traumatized by the Giant Toad incident.

Well, there was more than one Giant Toad incident, and all of them involved Megumin's explosion magic somehow.

"I swear I won't use explosion while we're in the dungeon! Besides, if it's to increase the power of explosion, I'm fine with holding off on using it! As long as Kazuma takes me out to practice explosion somewhere else, of course!"

I somehow got roped into being her permanent explosion buddy.

"...I'd volunteer to be your frontliner, but I'm too high-level. It might interfere with your training."

Mitsurugi said, looking at us apologetically.

"I'm also pretty busy these days, so I can't join you."

Chris said, before looking at Darkness.

"I'm free, so I can help."

Even though Darkness sounded reliable when she said that…

I'd honestly prefer Mitsurugi, but he wasn't available.

"I suppose Darkness will do."

"...Kazuma, insulting me in front of all these people is…"

So it was fine for Darkness if we were alone? What a freak.

Yunyun shyly raised her hand.

"U-Um… What about me? Can I help?"

Megumin glared at her and shook her head.

"No way. Yunyun will just ruin my mood."

"E-Eh?! What does Megumin mean by that?!"

Megumin didn't say anything, but I could tell that she was wary of Yunyun who had advanced magic, that she would just end up killing all the monsters.

"Actually, Yunyun, you're probably better off training with Mitsurugi. He can take you to the higher floors, but the rest of us will just hold you back."

"Um, but I'm not that high level…"

"The difference is that you have the [Teleport] spell. You can just leave whenever it gets too much."

"So you're fine with me being left behind, huh?"

Mitsurugi said, chuckling weakly. He didn't seem to have any problems with it, though.

"W-Well, I'm fine with that! I-I'm looking forward to working with you, Mitsurugi-san…"

"Yeah, same here!"

The two of them smiled at each other. They surprisingly got along pretty well.

Maybe that was because in terms of personalities, they were the most level-headed of the group.

Unlike the rest of these erratic girls…

"Kazuma, I have a feeling you're thinking something rude about me…"

As always, Aqua was quick to pick up on these things.

"...? What's this? A spicy curry challenge?"

Darkness said, noticing that awful challenge Mitsurugi and I undertook.

I exchanged glances with him, bonding in our trauma.

"Wait, aren't those Mitsurugi-kun and Kazuma-kun's pictures on the wall?"

Chris said, noticing the 'reward' we got for completing that hellish challenge.

"Yeah, we took on the challenge because of a side quest…"

Mitsurugi said, his voice shaking as he spoke.

I got an idea while we were talking about the challenge.

"Actually, maybe you girls should do that challenge, too."

Mitsurugi whipped his head to look at me in disbelief.

"Why would you subject these girls to that, Satou?!"

"H-He wants to see us suffer!"

Darkness was too excited to say that.

"I'm not some sadistic freak. Remember, we got the [Heat Resistance] skill from that quest."

"Ah, now that you mention it, that's a very useful skill. I survived the fire breath attack of a dragon because of that skill."

I was about to show off how I survived holding an overheating Coronatite core, but I couldn't anymore after Mitsurugi casually mentioned that.

"For a frontline fighter like me, a resistance skill like that will be invaluable. Very well, I'll take on this challenge."

Darkness said, even though it was clear she wanted to take on the challenge for a more ignoble reason.

"Hah? Count me out."

Aqua wasn't interested at all.

"Do the challenge. You can just heal yourself afterwards."

I said, putting up my hand to call a waitress.

"No way! I'll still have to suffer in order to gain the skill, right?! I'm not doing this, no way!"

A few minutes later, all the girls had plates of spicy curry in front of them.

"...I can't deny that I want that useful skill, but…"

Chris said, looking at the dangerous looking curry in front of her with empty eyes.

"Food is food. I'm not complaining. It's your treat right, Kazuma?"

Somehow, I got roped into buying the food for her.

"Let's have Mitsurugi pay, since he's the highest level one here."

"Me?! …Fine. I did get a lot of money from that dragon."

This guy always managed to piss me off.

Megumin was the bravest one, scooping the curry into her mouth.

"H-How is it, Megumin?"

Yunyun asked, watching Megumin's face carefully."

"...It's pretty good."

I couldn't believe that such a small girl was this tough.

"Ah, now that I think about it, I do recall Megumin saying that she ate a bunch of chilis as an entree for a week or so…"

"Yes, because they were on sale in the supermarket."

Everytime I heard about Megumin's home life, the more concerned I got for her.

"Gahhh! Make it stop! Make it stop!"

"...I-I can't handle this…"

Meanwhile, Aqua and Chris were in sync, suffering from just the first spoonful.

"...This pleasant stinging sensation radiating through my whole mouth… It's even pervading the rest of my face… Now it's travelling to my stomach. Ah, this is bliss…"

Meanwhile, Darkness was in complete ecstasy.

They all managed to learn the skill somehow.

Even though Aqua had to vomit afterwards.

Part 6

The Megumin training crew gathered in the dungeon afterwards.

Yunyun and Mitsurugi went ahead to the high level floors, while we went through the first two floors.

The whole time, we set up Megumin to get the killing blow with her staff. I was the one mainly dealing damage while Darkness stalled the enemy. Aqua didn't have to do anything but give us buffs.

Interestingly, Megumin was actually pretty capable as a melee fighter with Aqua casting buffs on her, since Megumin's physical stats were inordinately strong for such a young girl with a spellcaster class.

At least, that was what I thought as I watched Megumin club a goblin away with a swing of her staff.

"...Maybe you should use a different weapon, like a spear or a sword."

I said, seeing how capable Megumin was as a brawler type.

"I actually have a [Staff Combat] skill that gives me stat increases with staffs. But I'm not a warrior class, so I can't learn other weapon proficiencies."

So that was why she was adamant on using her staff.

"What should we do about the second floor boss?"

Darkness said, as we took a break since he had been fighting nonstop since the first floor. She leaned against the wall, wiping the sweat off her brow.

"Have you and Chris managed to beat the second floor boss yet?"

She shook her head.

"No, we've mostly been sticking to fighting the monsters here. That's because it's hard for me to get the killing blows."

"...Even when Chris can just disable the enemy for you with [Bind]?"

"I-It's hard to hit them when they're squirming around, OK?!"

It was hard for her to hit anything regardless of what it was doing.

"The fact that Megumin is a better frontliner than Darkness… How embarrassing…"

Darkness blushed profusely. She didn't even seem to enjoy that in a masochistic way, she seemed legitimately embarrassed.

Megumin sighed and patted Darkness's head.

"Don't tease her so much, Kazuma. I'm just a generational genius who can do everything. It's not her fault that she can't reach my level…"

Meanwhile, this little girl was letting all my compliments get to her head.

"Let's skip the second floor boss, then. I faced it and it's quite tricky, assuming we'll have to face the same one."

I couldn't imagine these girls dealing with a Rookie Killer. Even if Megumin had powerful strikes, she was pretty much defenseless if that thing managed to get within distance. Darkness had her [Taunt] skill, but the Rookie Killer was very cunning. It might find a way to counter it, like running away as soon as Darkness activates the skill, then rushing back in when the effect was gone.

"So we're just gonna sneak past the second floor boss? That's kinda lame, isn't it?"

Aqua said, looking unamused by that plan.

"You say that, but if you see what a Rookie Killer can do, you're gonna cry and beg for me to save you."

I said, predicting exactly how it was gonna go.

"All this armor is gonna make it hard for me to sneak in…"

Darkness said, looking down at her full-plate armor.

"Just put it in your inventory while we sneak in. Aqua can also buff us."

I had Aqua do just that, then we prepared to go through the forested area of the second floor.

We were careful while making it through the forest, crouching down and keeping alert. I relied on [Enemy Detection] to locate the Rookie Killers stalking behind in the shadows, while also avoiding the goblins they used as bait.

It turned out that as long as we didn't fall for the temptation of hunting those goblins for EXP, it was relatively easy to sneak past the Rookie Killers. After all, they couldn't detect us if we were avoiding the clearings that those goblins tended to settle in.

As for our scents, I made sure that everyone was covered in mud.

"...This sucks. I'm dirty and my legs are tired from crouching so much."

"Shut up, Aqua."

This girl just couldn't keep her mouth shut for more than ten minutes.

Thankfully, Aqua's yapping didn't alert the Rookie Killers and we managed to make it to the door leading to the third floor.

Mitsurugi advised us on what kind of monsters were on the third floor, so we weren't going in blind. He said that we needed to watch out for Orcs. Also, for some reason, there were only female Orcs and they tended to go after male app-users rather than female ones.

"...Are Male Orcs extinct in the other world, or something?"

"How disappointing…"

Darkness got depressed when she heard that, for whatever reason.

There was also a monster that he warned us about called Tranquility Girls.

Apparently, they were innocent looking monsters that imitated the appearance and mannerisms of beautiful girls.

But that was just a front to sap the life energy of its victims.

Of course, I figured that the girls were smart enough not to fall for that trap, but…

"Kazuma, put that sword away!"

As soon as we encountered one, Darkness jumped in front of it and spread her arms to protect the Tranquility Girl.

"...Friend want… Hurt me…?"

It spoke with a voice that pulled at the heartstrings.

"Kazuma… You wouldn't be so cruel as to hurt this poor girl, right?"

Megumin said, talking to me in a voice that was equally compelling.

"Kazuma… If you leave this pitiful girl alone, I'll give you a surprise tonight…"

And here was Aqua, offering me quite a tempting offer while pointing to her mouth.

I looked at this Tranquility Girl. It was a plant-like being that looked very human, if it wasn't for the vines, leaves and roots growing out of it.

It also had the appearance of a little girl and had a tearful face that evoked pity on those who saw it.

Furthermore, if it was alive, that meant that the other app-users who went through the third floor allowed it to live.

"..Mister… I not need food… Dungeon feeding me… I not harm friends…"

What's more, it was fully capable of making a logical argument, instead of just appealing to our protective instincts.

"It's true, Kazuma. Look at its roots. It's attached to the dungeon wall, right? That means that it's getting a steady supply of nutrients from the dungeon."

Aqua said, pointing to the roots. Since the dungeon absorbed biomass, which it used to then support the monsters living in it, I did see how a plant monster could sustain itself using the dungeon.

After all, I also absorbed mana from the dungeon using Drain Touch.

I turned to the Tranquility Girl and said,

"So… You haven't harmed any humans at all, right?"

"I not harm friends…"

"...I have the [Steal] skill. If I randomly start spamming it in this area, I won't get any random app-user's cheat item or gear, right?"

"..."

I didn't know that a plant could sweat. Something like mildew dripped out of its 'skin'.

"E-Eh? Um, then that would just be a treasure or something in the area, right? Haha…"

"Wellll… Cheat items don't appear in treasure chests, yanno~! Also, is it just me, or did you start speaking normally right now?"

"...Onii-san, let's have a talk in private."

"Eh? Kazuma, did that thing just call you onii-san?"

Aqua said, also looking suspicious of the Tranquility Girl.

"...It has a real suspicious look on its face. Ah, did it just glare at me?"

The Tranquility Girl glanced away as Megumin looked down to stare at it.

"T-This cute girl can't be an evil monster, right…?"

Darkness was still stuck on that. She was surprisingly naive.

I decided to entertain the Tranquility Girl and had the others give us some space to talk.

"What? Just know that I don't negotiate with monsters…"

"H-Hey, onii-san? Let's come up with a deal, OK? Um, I'm pretty attractive, right? I can grow some reproductive organs and…"

"...I regularly do lewd things with that blue haired girl every night. I'm not so backed up that I'd do it with a plant."

If she offered that to me a few weeks ago, I wasn't sure if I could answer that confidently, though.

"Eh?! An otaku NEET like you?!"

It completely dropped the innocent act and started saying terms like 'otaku' and 'NEET'.

Some perverted app-user probably taught her those words while getting his life energy drained.

"What else can you offer me?"

I said, while placing my hand on the handle of Chunchunmaru.

"W-W-Wait! I won't attack you app-users anymore! I wasn't lying when I said that I get nutrients from the dungeon! I'll abstain from you humans, I swear!"

"Why are you even eating humans if you can just sap nutrients from the dungeon?"

"Humans taste better for us… Besides, how would you feel having to suck the nutrients of dead monsters all day?"

I suppose that kind of made sense.

"...That still isn't a reason why I should let you live. You're probably worth a lot of EXP…"

"I-I know everything there is to know about this floor! I'll tell you everything and assist you! Just please stop looking at me like I'm an A5 wagyu steak!"

Whoever her victim was, he sure yapped a lot about Japanese culture to this Tranquility Girl.

"Fine. But I'll always check up on you and see if you've attacked anyone…"

"...You're so scary that I don't even want to think about betraying you."

Was I really that scary?

And so, I made a tentative agreement with the Tranquility Girl.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, JOJOBRN and 371 others
BoringBone
Sep 22, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 21: A Hotel Raid For This Pervert!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 23, 2024
Add bookmark
#391
Chapter 21: A Hotel Raid For This Pervert!

Part 1

With the Tranquility Girl dealt with, we advanced through the third floor.

It didn't take too long until we encountered the female orcs Mitsurugi warned us about.

"Sniff… Sniff… That's strange, I thought I smelled a man… But it's just a group of worthless females…"

The Orcs glanced at us, sniffed the air a few times, then went away.

"I can't believe this thing worked."

Megumin said, touching the wig I had on.

When Mitsurugi told me about those orcs, I went to a costume store and bought a cosplay outfit for 2,000 Yen.

I also borrowed a perfume from Darkness and emptied the bottle by spraying myself in it.

"...That was expensive perfume, you know."

Darkness grumbled, looking pitifully at the empty bottle.

"This privileged ojou-sama shouldn't complain."

Aqua smirked as she took her phone out and took pictures.

"Oi, no pictures."

I said, trying to cover my face as Aqua kept snapping pics.

"Pffft! You're pretty cute as a girl, Kazuma! You're probably cuter as a girl than as a guy!"

"Maybe because of his effeminate features."

Megumin joined Aqua in the teasing.

I held my hands out to them.

"[Steal]."

A pair of panties appeared in my hands.

"...?! Give those back…!"

Megumin blushed and held her hand out.

Aqua just laughed at me and kept taking pictures.

"Oh, is it laundry day, Kazuko-chan? Gonna give your panties a wash?"

Somehow, Aqua found a way to make me give the panties back to them.

"...I feel left out."

Darkness said, looking enviously at the other girls.

"Geez, Kazuma… You should learn to take a joke."

Megumin said, as she slid her panties up her thighs.

"That's easy to say when you're not on the receiving end!"

I said, wanting to take my disguise off, but I didn't know if the Female Orcs would appear again.

"Kazuma's one of those types who doesn't bat an eye when he's mocking others, but he will cry and whine when others make fun of him."

Aqua said, putting her panties back on as well. I regretted giving them back so easily.

"He's the ideal man."

Darkness said, nodding approvingly at Aqua's evaluations of me.

"You shouldn't accept that kind of insult, Kazuma-san."

Aqua snickered, elbowing me repeatedly.

"B-But I was praising him…"

"Exactly."

You learned the [Disguise] skill!

[Disguise] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You change your appearance using props and clothing to fool others. Effectiveness of the disguise is determined by your 'Cunning' (80) against the target's 'Perception'.

I got a skill just from crossdressing.

We continued on in the dungeon, setting up kills for Megumin.

The enemies were stronger than in the second floor, but the party composition we had was actually pretty useful in taking on these monsters.

That was until…

"[God Blow]!"

…Aqua decided to break formation.

"What are you doing, useless goddess?"

"How dare you call me useless! I beat up that big snake thingy, didn't I?"

"You're supposed to support us from the rear! What if you get caught out of position?! Then we won't have any buffs and healing! Besides, this is supposed to help Megumin level up, so why are you taking the kills?!"

"Isn't it unfair that I'm the only one not getting any EXP?! Kazuma gets the occasional kill and even Darkness gets lucky and hits something! Meanwhile, Megumin gets a free ride from all my efforts! I'm the only one sacrificing here!"

"Can't you be selfless for once in your life?! Just take the backseat for now!"

Megumin sighed and said,

"Aqua has a point. If I was in her position, I would have casted explosion out of boredom by now."

"See, see? Megumin is agreeing with me!"

I wanted to argue with them, but I knew that Aqua would just go rogue again if we didn't let her have her way, at least for now.

"Fine, we'll support Aqua this time."

"That's more like it! Now, just follow my… Wahhh…!"

She couldn't even take a full step forward before something appeared from the shadows, latched onto her ankle and pulled her up.

"What's this?! Oi, Kazuma, how come you didn't warn me! I know you have [Enemy Detection]!"

"...That thing must have surpassed my perception. It doesn't work all the time."

"Useless! You're always calling me useless, but you're the one who's useless, Kazuma! Now get me down from here!"

I used [Lore Reading] to get information about this enemy. Apparently, it was called a 'Roper', a tentacle monster that had a liking for assaulting women.

…First there were the Female Orcs that assaulted men, then these tentacle monsters that assaulted women. What was wrong with this floor?

"Don't worry, Aqua! I'm coming to save you!"

Darkness leapt towards the tentacle monster.

"[Bind]!"

I threw a rope and subdued her before the tentacles could latch onto her.

"Kazuma! Why do you deny me my pleasures?!"

"I'll give you whatever 'pleasures' you want another time! Just be useful for once in your depraved existence and use [Taunt]!"

Darkness wept a bit at my hurtful words, piercing through even her masochistic tendencies. She used the [Taunt] skill to attract the tentacles.

"[Create Water]! [Freeze]!"

I created a slippery surface in the hallway, then kicked the tied up Darkness along it.

"Thank you very muuuuch~!"

Darkness's voice trailed off as she slid down the icy floor.

The Roper tried to chase after Darkness, squirming along the roof. I grabbed Aqua's torso and pulled her down.

"Kazuma-saaaan! I wuuuv youuuu!"

She attempted to kiss me, but I held her back.

"Oi! There's still a fight going on! Focus or Darkness is gonna…"

"Kyaaaa!"

It was too late.

"I-I'm tied up by Kazuma's [Bind] and this tentacle monster is… I-I'm so blessed!"

Darkness had a grateful look on her face as she enjoyed the double play.

Just as I was thinking about what I should do, Megumin took out something from her inventory. I took one look at it and recognized it as a grenade.

"...Oi. Megumin, where'd you get that? I promise not to tell the police, so…"

"My father is a lunatic who makes hobby military weapons."

"I hate to tell you this, but weapons from our world don't work in the dungeon."

"It's fine, because I had him replace the shrapnel inside with the ghoul claw caltrops you gave me last time."

So that was what she used those leftovers for.

"That will be really useful now… Wait, why did you describe your father as a lunatic?"

"Because his creations don't work half the time."

"Don't use that, then."

Despite my warning, Megumin threw the grenade.

I couldn't use [Steal] on it, since it'd just explode in my hands. I had no other option but to watch it fly in the air, before it exploded.

"Kraaa?!"

The ghoul claw shrapnel paralyzed the Roper and it fell down from the ceiling.

Megumin and I finished it off.

Part 2

"I'm surprised my father's grenade worked."

Megumin said, as I untied the bound Darkness.

"I'm more surprised that you used something that might not have actually worked."

"Wahhh! I hate this dungeon! I wanna go home!"

Even though Aqua was the one who wanted to be in the frontline, she was already crying about wanting to go home.

"Well, I leveled up a fair bit, so I'm fine with going home."

Megumin said, checking her app to look over her stats. When she started rapidly tapping on the screen, I had no doubt that she was putting all her points on explosion magic.

I also gained a fair bit of EXP, gaining 50 from the kills I got while trying to set up for Megumin.

"...We should party up more often."

Darkness said, with a suspicious blush on her face.

"Yeah, we're pretty effective as a group, huh?"

Megumin smiled at her, even though Darkness's intentions were far from innocent.

That masochist was probably thinking that our group attracted all sorts of trouble. She probably didn't run into as many issues when she was dungeon crawling with Chris.

Before I could reject the offer, Aqua said,

"Let's form an official party, then!"

She broke out of her foul mood pretty quickly.

I couldn't say anything anymore once they all got invested in the idea.

Still, I couldn't deny that it was probably a good idea to party up as we went down the lower floors.

…

…

"So, why am I here with you?"

I asked Megumin, when she asked me to follow her. She led me to the junkyard again.

"To help carry me after I use explosion, of course!"

I should have seen that coming.

As long as she was willing to pay the groping tax, I was fine with it.

And that was exactly what I did after she unleashed a big explosion that rocked the entire junkyard.

"Kazuma… You've gotten more bold compared to last time."

She said, as I didn't even try to hide the way I was groping her bum now, as I was carrying her on my back.

"The intensity of my groping reflects how good your explosion's score was."

"...! Kazuma is groping me a lot now, so my score must have really been good!"

"Exactly."

"Do you think I'm stupid?"

She didn't fall for it.

"Let this be a lesson, Megumin. Nothing comes free in this world."

"Don't try to twist this into some life lesson. You just want to touch my butt, perv."

I was too used to Aqua. Megumin was a lot sharper.

"Still, I suppose I can overlook this… Kazuma's done a lot for me, after all."

She started giggling and rested her chin on my shoulder.

"..."

"What's the matter, Kazuma? You suddenly stopped."

How could I keep groping her when she says something sweet like that?

"Ohh… I get it. Kazuma is the type who acts like a big, bad pervert, but when it comes down to it, you're just a kind softie, aren't you?"

"You sure are assuming a lot about me."

"But that's the truth, isn't it? Otherwise, you'd be going crazy right now with my body while I can't move."

"What kind of criminal do you view me as?!"

"The kind who'd grope Darkness's butt in the dungeon?"

"She told you about that?!"

She seemed embarrassed about it as well, so I didn't think Darkness would gossip about that moment.

Rather, I didn't know they kept in touch outside of our dungeon expeditions.

"Do you have some kind of fascination with butts, Kazuma?"

"...Not really."

"Even though you've been groping everyone's butts?"

"Who said I'm groping everyone?! With Darkness, it was because of her stupid quest! And for you, well… What else is there to grope with Megumin?"

"Excuse me? What do you mean by that?"

I felt an intimidating presence behind me.

Remembering that she had more than one of those grenades, I said,

"Because I'm carrying Megumin on my back, I can only really reach your butt… That's what I meant."

"Nice save."

That really was a close one.

"By the way, what are you gonna do now for money now that the Kobolds are gone?"

I asked, knowing that Megumin relied on the spears the Kobolds made to help provide for her family.

"The loot we get from the dungeon helps, so I hope we go to the dungeon as a party a lot from now on."

"Hah… It's gonna end with that, huh?"

"Kazuma acts like it, but you like to spend time with us, don't you?"

"Not really."

"Well, I enjoy spending time with Kazuma."

She giggled when I didn't answer.

Megumin (Explosion Mage), Bond Rank: 5

At Rank 5, Megumin sees you as a pervert with a heart of gold. You're a reliable friend and party member who will always come through for his friends, even if he doesn't act like it. She's developing a crush on you now… But you'll have to prove yourself! Can you become Megumin's hero? Do your best!

Bond Reward: Magic Skill Rank-Up

"Kazuma... Did you get a bond rank up with me, too?"

We were back to doing this again.

Megumin was sharp, so she sensed that her new bond description might have said something embarrassing about her crush on me.

"...Didn't we already settle this in the sleepover? It's embarrassing as hell to see what's written on these things, so let's just forget it."

"We didn't come to that kind of clean resolution. All that happened was that you evaded us for an entire night somehow. Give me your phone! I bet that stupid app came up with something really embarrassing about how I feel about you!"

Didn't she basically just admit that she felt something for me, though?

Thankfully, it was very easy to resist the weakened Megumin. I dropped her off at her neighborhood before she regained her strength.

Part 3

After getting the charisma lessons from Kazuto, learning a bunch of sleazy pick-up lines from him, I headed to my room to use the bond reward I got from Megumin.

I thought that I could level up [Drain Touch] or [Heal] but…

It turned out that they had their separate classification of magic such as Undead magic and Holy magic and didn't qualify for the increase.

Which meant the only skill I could rank up was [Ice Magic Increase].

[Ice Magic Increase] Skill Rank: 2, Passive Skill

Increases the power of Ice Magic by +2.

Considering the only ice magic I knew was [Freeze], I didn't know how this damage increase could help me, since elementary ice magic didn't have much offensive capabilities.

I decided to go down to the garden again to practice my magic and find ways to make use of this.

I set up some cans for a target and tried using [Freeze] on them.

Instead of just freezing the cans, I noticed that some sharp crystals were forming around the cans, puncturing them. This must be the result of the [Ice Magic Increase].

When I tried my usual combo of [Create Water] and [Freeze], I had an idea while studying the shapeless water floating above my hand.

…Would water count as an 'item' that [Smithing] could be applied to?

Seeing as I was just experimenting, I tried using the [Smithing] skill to form the water into the shape of an icicle.

To my surprise, it worked.

"[Freeze]..."

The water solidified into a proper icicle in my hands.

That was when I remembered that the maxed out [Improvised Weapon] also counted newly created items as an improvised weapon…

I threw the icicle at the can.

The can burst into shreds as the icicle tore through it.

Not only that, but the icicle even pierced through the tree behind the can.

"..."

I might be onto something.

This time, I tried to shape the water into an actual weapon.

The [Smithing] skill relied on my creativity, so it created the image of a sword I had in my mind.

Then I froze it, forming an ice blade.

I used it to cut the rest of the cans. It worked like a proper sword.

Still, it did less damage than Chunchunmaru, since Chunchunmaru's base stats were stronger than the buffs I got from [Improvised Weapon] and [Ice Magic Increase].

…There was another method I could try, though.

Rather than recreate a weapon, this time, I created ammunition.

I created an ice arrow.

In practice, the bow would apply damage as usual. Then, the buffs of [Improvised Weapon] and [Ice Magic Increase] would combine with the [Signature Weapon] buff applied to the elven bow.

I aimed at the tree.

"[Snipe]!"

The ice arrow cleanly pierced through the tree.

With all the buffs included, it did a total of 20 damage.

…Could it be that I just discovered something completely ridiculous?

"...Um, Kazuma-san? Why am I getting a notification that you just discovered a new skill? Is this a glitch?"

"Hah? Shouldn't you be the one telling me that? You're the super AI!"

"It seems like it's not a glitch… Congratulations, Kazuma-san! You're the first app-user to create your own skill!"

[Magic Archery] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You create arrows using magic. These arrows count as magical attacks and will have +1 Armor Penetration against physical armor. Magical Resistance still applies.

Your 'Creativity' has increased by +5 after creating a new skill! Your 'Magic Power' and 'Mana Capacity' have increased by +2!

I just kept getting more boons from this experimental session…

Just to try it out…

"[Tinder]..."

I formed a flame in my hand, then expanded it out into an arrow.

However, since the spell was limited to a small fire bolt, I couldn't form a proper arrow with the power available to the spell.

It only worked on water since it was a more malleable element, plus I had more volume to work with.

I guess that there were some limits on this new method I found.

Still…

Having my damage output nearly double was a big improvement, to say the least.

…

…

That night, I decided to try out my newly acquired skill from Rorisa. That is, the [Bedroom Skill].

At first, Aqua thought that we'd have a normal lovemaking session, but…

"Eh…? Mnnn! Kazuma, something's different…! Ahnn…!"

I held her hips as I expertly ate her out, my tongue sliding in and out of her pussy lips.

"Mn? What's the matter, Aqua?"

I acted dumb and looked up at her as I lapped her insides up, feeling like I had a map of her delicate walls in my mind thanks to the skill.

"It's… Mnn! It feels so good…!"

Her hands went to my head, urging me to lean closer.

"Eh? I'm just doing it like normal, though…"

I gently licked her clit, making her gasp and arch her back.

"Oh? Did you cum already?"

I asked, still keeping up my clueless facade while subtly teasing her.

"There's definitely something different! How did you get so good…?! Did you change to the 'Pervert' class, or something?!"

Instead of answering, I came up and flipped her over, thrusting inside her from behind.

"Ahhh! Kazuma…!"

She screamed my name out with lust and passion in her voice as I skillfully thrusted inside her, bouncing against her ass in a controlled rhythm.

Before, I just thrusted as hard as I could without a thought in mind.

Now, with the skill guiding me, I could tell just how fast I should go, just where I should grind against to drive Aqua wild.

I found her weak spot and targeted it.

"This is too much…! Hnnngh!"

That night, I made her cum over and over, before reaching my own climax.

While we were cuddling, Aqua said,

"Kazuma… I know I said I'm fine if you're with other girls but… Isn't this too much?"

She thought that I was sleeping with a bunch of girls behind her back.

In the end, I had to explain to her that I got a skill that improved my performance in the bedroom.

How I acquired the skill remained a secret.

Your 'Charisma' and 'Attractiveness' increased by +1!

Part 4

I didn't go to my part-time job last time since I was busy with the Kobolds, so I went this time and completed my shift without hassle.

You earned 3,000 Yen and +1 'Willpower' and +1 'Bravery'!

After work, I went back to the dungeon again.

That was because those girls were serious about forming a party.

Lots of app-users were going to the dungeon.

Thankfully, most of them were in the deeper floors, using their cheat items to quickly gain levels.

Yunyun was also getting pretty powerful as she spent her time training with Mitsurugi.

"...That Yunyun is getting a big head."

Megumin said, as she took her frustrations out on a poor goblin, smashing its skull with her staff.

Aqua smirked and said,

"Getting jealous that Yunyun is gaining levels and spending time with a handsome boy, huh? Meanwhile we're stuck with Kazuma…"

"Oh, really, Aqua? Is that why you were begging me for more last night?"

"...?! A-Ah, yeah, I was begging for seconds during dinner, right?"

Aqua shot me a warning look as she glanced nervously at the others.

So even Aqua had some shame.

She pulled me aside and said,

"Oi, Kazuma… Do you just wanna show off about your sex life? Is that it?"

"Hm? If you're gonna do the same old 'Kazuma is such a loser bit', then maybe you shouldn't cry out in ecstasy when I'm deep inside you every night?"

"Fine, fine! I'll lay off the jokes! Just stop exposing our relationship in front of our friends!"

"To think that Aqua has a modest side…"

"Do you picture me as some kind of immodest skank who flaunts off what I do with my lover every night? Is that it?"

"No comment."

"...You're not getting any tonight."

"I'm just kidding, my beautiful Aqua-sama."

"Hah? Do you think you can flirt your way out of this?!"

While we were arguing, Megumin came in and said,

"Can we get going? I don't want Yunyun to get even more of a lead on me."

"She will always have a lead on you as long as you stick to using only explosion magic."

"Oh? Should I demonstrate why exactly I'm sticking to only explosion magic?"

I decided not to press the issue.

Darkness squirmed around and said,

"Um, can we go to the Roper area again?"

I was about to reject her obvious attempt to get off, but…

Those things were actually worth a fair bit of EXP and were pretty easy to kill once they focused on a target.

"Fine. Darkness, act like the meatbag you are and throw yourself at those tentacle monsters."

"Kuh! Right away, master!"

Aqua and Megumin gave me blank stares over my treatment of Darkness.

"...What? She asked for it. I'm just granting her wish."

"You always say yes to things you shouldn't say yes to, and say no to things that you need to accept."

Aqua said, as she watched Darkness running off to the Ropers.

"Well, I'm getting EXP for this, so I'm not complaining."

Megumin just ended up shrugging.

It didn't take long for Darkness to get caught by the Roper.

"I-It's getting through my armor… Hmm!"

She was already moaning as the tentacles slithered all over her body.

How sensitive was she?

With the ropers occupied with violating her, I decided to try out my new combo.

I formed an arrow made out of ice, notched it in the bow and fired.

The arrow pierced through the Roper's main body. It went limp in a matter of seconds.

"Eh? It's over already?"

Darkness said, as if she was getting off a disappointing amusement park ride.

"Kazuma… What was that?! That was so cool!"

Megumin was looking at me in admiration as I put my bow away.

"It's a new skill I invented…"

The attack got even more powerful with Aqua's buffs.

"That's impressive and all, but how are we gonna get EXP if you're one-shotting everything?"

Aqua said, pointing at the defeated Roper.

From then on, I was forced to form the ice into a spear, meaning it would deal less damage.

Still, it gave me a reach advantage compared to just using Chunchunmaru, meaning I could set up kills for the others while keeping myself safe.

It also made Megumin compliment me again. I guess the idea of weapons created with ice magic was very cool in her eyes.

While I was fighting, I also came up with another use of the technique.

At the moment an armored goblin attacked with a halberd, I formed the water into a shield and froze it.

I blocked the attack and finished off the goblin with the ice spear.

It could even be used defensively.

"Kazuma, you're way too cool right now!"

"You don't feel jealous anymore that Yunyun is with Mitsurugi, huh?"

"...Who's Katsuragi?"

She even forgot his name.

With how we were progressing, we made it through the third floor pretty easily. I had to admit, once we figured out our tactics, our party felt invincible.

…Well, maybe the fact that Aqua actually listened to me now and Megumin had no choice but to stop herself from using explosion magic in the dungeon helped.

Darkness was still a lost cause, but she made for a good diversion. She was also able to get some kills after I completely bound the target, used [Drain Touch] on it to sap away all its stamina, and froze it in place.

And sometimes, she'd somehow still miss.

After going through a series of diverging paths, we reached the third floor boss area, but we didn't want to head in yet. It was a desert area, with the stone halls transitioning to hot sand.

It was probably best to see if these girls could handle the Rookie Killer first before heading to the third floor boss area.

"Ah, Kazuma-sama, welcome back!"

The Tranquility Girl greeted us when we walked by her area.

"I hope you've been behaving?"

"Y-Yes, of course!"

Aside from leaving the other app-users alone, the Tranquility Girl has also been helping me track the movements of the Female Orcs, so I wouldn't encounter them.

"Tranquility Girl, you know the general layout of this floor, right?"

"Yup! What do you want to know?"

She sure became obedient. I guess the threat of death does that to anyone.

"Do you know any hidden treasure rooms around here?"

"Ah, yeah. There's actually one behind me."

"...Why didn't you tell me that?"

"Um, you never asked… Besides, there's no way to open it unless you have a key from a higher floor."

It was one of those pain in the ass backtrack mechanics that were always in dungeon crawling games.

That was when I remembered that I got the scroll with the [Unlock] spell from Vanir.

I guess he did give me a useful prophecy.

Using [Scroll Adept], I used the spell to open the door behind the Tranquility Girl.

"Ohhh…! A secret treasure area! This is a must for dungeon adventures!"

Megumin got excited, but I held her back before she could enter.

First, I used [Trap Detection]. When I felt it was safe, I gestured for the others to come in.

There was a chest in the middle of the room. Normally, I'd be wary of that, but there didn't seem to be any traps.

When we opened it, we saw a full set of plate armor.

[Lore Reading] told me it was adamantine armor, an incredibly powerful type of armor.

"Oho… This is bound to sell for a lot."

"Hold on?! Isn't it natural to give that armor to me?"

Darkness said, as the rest of us were already splitting the armor parts among ourselves.

Megumin raised a brow at her.

"Hah? Why should the ojou-sama get to keep the treasure for herself?"

"Because I'm the frontliner and I'm the only one who can make use of that armor?"

"...Even though I have a family to feed."

"F-Fine, I get it! I'll pay you all, so please don't sell that armor!"

We each got 20,000 Yen from Darkness.

Part 5

The next day, after soccer practice, I headed over to Wiz's store.

I wanted to check up on the demon.

"P-Please don't hurt me?!"

"Hah? Even though you're a demon, you're saying that?"

Only to find Aqua got there first. She was currently tormenting the demon, while Wiz was cowering in fear.

"A-Ah! Kazuma-san, please save us!"

"Begging for help won't save you!"

Which one was the Lich and the demon and which one was the goddess in this scenario?

Aqua seemed way more evil than them.

"Aqua… I thought I told you not to harass Wiz."

"Hm? I'm not harassing Wiz, am I? I'm dealing with this demon instead!"

"He's an employee of her store now, so harassing him counts as harassing her."

"Che… Who do I harass, then?!"

Why did she even need to harass anyone?

Considering that she had a stress-free lifestyle where her food expenses were paid for and she didn't have to pay rent, not to mention that all her sexual needs were met thanks to me, I didn't really see why she'd have to take out her stress on other people.

Unless she was just naturally a rotten goddess.

"Hm, you're here, boy… And so is that mad dog of a goddess you sleep with."

"Ah, it's a good thing the putrid masked devil is here so I can wipe you all out in one place!"

"Oh? Is this the right time to debut my Vanir-Style Beam…?"

I stepped in before those two could go at each other.

"You two are making poor Wiz scared. Look how pale she is."

"...She's always that pale, though."

Vanir ignored Aqua for now and turned to me.

"Boy, I have a business proposal for you."

"Not interested."

"You didn't even listen to my idea."

"Knowing Vanir, this is some kind of scheme that will make people filled with despair. Then you will cackle like some lunatic as you explain that it was all some plan to absorb 'nutrients' from us foolish humans…"

"...That does sound like something I'd say, but I assure you that's not the endgame this time."

Aqua smirked and wagged a finger at Vanir.

"No, you should trust your instincts, Kazuma. There's no point in trusting a devil! The only devil you can trust is a devil that admits that it's untrustworthy!"

"So you're saying that all devils can't be trusted… Even though it was my advice that saved your little boyfriend here many times."

"Hah? Kazuma has me! He doesn't need your stupid advice when he has his beautiful goddess lover supporting him!"

"The fact that he's alive in spite of you being a constant deadweight is thanks to me!"

"...Kazuma, are you gonna let him say that to me?!"

Aqua turned to me with watery eyes. So Vanir's taunts were getting to her.

"Hah… Vanir, just tell me your plan already so I can reject it."

"...Don't reject it before you even hear it. I assure you this will be beneficial for all involved, even that goddess lover of yours!"

"Fine, let's hear it."

Vanir took out devices that looked like pagers, except they had the form of his black and white mask.

"Behold! These are the Vanir Mask Pagers! Their function is to alert the user when there is a sighting of the Demon King army in this realm!"

"Oh! That's actually pretty useful!"

"They rely on me sensing the Demon King army with my precognitive powers and sending a signal!"

So they were just ordinary pagers.

"I guess Vanir is planning on selling these to the app users while pretending that they're magic items that can sense the Demon King army?"

"As expected of a scumbag, you're spot on."

He was calling me a scumbag, despite coming up with this scam.

Well, it wasn't really a scam, since these devices served a proper function.

I imagined that Vanir would sell these for way more than the normal amount of a pager, though.

"I admit it's a good business idea, if you just want to make a lot of money at once, but how am I involved in this?"

"Well, thanks to a certain decrepit store owner, this store doesn't have a good reputation among app-users. Rather, they actively avoid this store now."

Wiz started tearing up and glanced away, embarrassed.

"E-Even though I have such interesting items!"

The problem was that they were too 'interesting'.

"And so, we need a fellow app-user who can convince others to buy this product… And the hero who beat the dullahan Beldia is sure to get a lot of trust from your peers. Not to mention, you are friends with that other famous app-user who has a lot of connections…"

He was even taking into account Mitsurugi's popularity.

"This is a good plan, Vanir."

Those guys needed this pager for when the Demon King army arrives next week.

And they were rich from all their dungeon crawling, anyway. It wasn't like they lacked the funds.

"Oi, I'm not gonna let you take advantage of my precious app-users! They're working hard to fight the Demon King army and you're planning on scamming them?!"

Aqua surprisingly took exception to the plan instead of being greedy.

"...You oppose this plan even though these pagers will save many lives?"

"Then just give them away for free! It's for a good cause, anyway!"

Vanir laughed at that and swept his hand through his hair.

"Nothing in life is free! I am providing a necessary service, and there is no competition in the market! I can charge however I want!"

"Then there's no reason for us to agree, then!"

"By the way, I'm charging 100,000 Yen each for this pager and I will give your lover here a 50% cut…"

"Accept the deal, Kazuma."

Aqua didn't even hesitate this time.

Not like I could judge her.

The deal was too good for me to pass up.

I shook hands with Vanir.

Part 6

"Really?! This pager will alert us when the Demon King army arrives?!"

Mitsurugi said, when I showed him the pager the next day at school.

"Yes, it's a magic item that costs 100,000 Yen…"

"That's pretty cheap for such a useful magic item! Do you accept digital pay?"

This guy didn't even bat an eye before parting with 100,000 Yen.

I was starting to feel bad, but I didn't anymore.

"Ah, make sure to tell your friends as well."

"Sure thing!"

While I gave Mitsurugi his pager, I noticed Rin approaching us.

Mitsurugi made a swift getaway to give us space.

"Morning, senpai! What are you up to?"

I held out the pager for her.

"Rin… Apparently there's a pervert on the loose right now."

"Eh?! Really?!"

"Yeah… Here, take this pager. The police will alert you whenever the pervert has been spotted. You should hide somewhere safe whenever this pager rings…"

"Wow… Thanks for looking out for me, senpai!"

I came up with that lie to keep Rin safe in case the Demon King army showed up.

Your 'Cunning' has increased by +2!

I got a reward for fooling both of them.

...

...

There was another soccer game after school. This time, it was a pretty big deal because we qualified for the nationals.

Rather than having the game in the school, we took a bus to Tokyo and went to a proper stadium.

On the bus, the coach was crying again.

"You all made it this far… I'm so proud of all of you…!"

I put on my earbuds since he was too noisy.

When we got to the stadium, I was surprised by how many people there actually were.

"...Do these people not have any lives? It's a work day."

Mitsurugi gave me a look of disbelief.

"Oi… These people came here to watch us play. You should be thinking about how to put on a good show for them."

We went through the opening ceremony, where the captain from each team swore a pledge to sportsmanship.

It was a good thing I wasn't the captain, or any pledge I made would have been broken right away.

We were in the group that would play on the first day. We got matched up against a school famous for its soccer program.

"Hmph… So this is the midfielder I heard so much about, huh?"

When we went to the field to greet the opponents, a guy wearing glasses said this to me.

He didn't seem like a soccer player, more like some otaku.

I held up a hand.

"Sorry, I can't take pictures right now."

"I'm not a fan! I'm your opponent!"

That didn't make me care more. In fact, I care even less now.

"We have been studying footage of you and your striker… You two are app-users, right?"

"...!"

It was bound to happen eventually, but we found other app-users on the opposing team.

"Fufu… So I was right. I knew that a lot of your movements seemed unnatural."

"So what are you gonna do? Tell me not to use skills?"

"No. On the contrary, let's have a match between app-users! My striker is also an app-user… Let's see which one is better!"

"Sure, I guess."

"You don't seem too enthused."

I went back to Mitsurugi after talking to that guy and told him what I learned.

"I see… Other app-users, huh? This will be quite the tough match up…"

"I just hope they don't make it too obvious. If they start summoning fire tornados and stuff on the field, we'd have a lot of trouble…"

"I-I'm sure they won't go that far."

"The guy looks more like an otaku than a jock. He's probably an app-user who's on a power trip right now. I don't think he'll hold back even if it's just a highschool soccer match."

"So he's like you, huh?"

I thought that Mitsurugi was supposed to be the polite type, but he started insulting me out of nowhere.

After a few more minutes, it was time for kick off.

"[Dash]!"

The glasses guy used a skill similar to [Escape] and made a full-speed blitz as soon as he touched the ball.

He was a Winger, making full use of his speed to quickly travel down the field.

Their Striker, who was the other app-user, was a more traditional-looking soccer player with an athletic build and tall frame. He competed with Mitsurugi for a heading position as he waited for a cross.

"Hehe… You're pretty strong. I'm guessing you're some kind of frontliner class?"

Mitsurugi nodded as he struggled to push the guy away.

"Yeah, I guess you could say that."

"I'm guessing it's not a proper tank class, because you can't even budge me. [Fortitude]!"

The guy became even more impossible for Mitsurugi to move.

Then, the cross came from the glasses guy.

I came in between the pass trajectory and jumped.

"Haha! Don't even try, there's no way you can reach this…"

"[Steal], [Wind Breath]."

I used [Steal] to snatch the ball from midair, but to avoid having it land in my hands, I used [Wind Breath] to push it down to my feet.

"...Eh?"

I was already running before they could react.

Mitsurugi reacted to my play and ran along with me.

"D-Don't think you can outrun me! [Dash]!"

I stopped in place and watched the glasses guy run past me.

Since it was a skill that gave him superhuman speed, I expected that it was hard for him to immediately stop.

"I won't let you pass! [Fortitude]!"

"Ow…"

"Eh?"

I bounced off the jock who hardened his body.

Since the referees had no clue about the skill, they assumed that he committed a foul.

"...That's not fair?!"

It was clear from the way they played that they weren't actually good at soccer.

At least I practiced and learned the rules.

These guys were just completely relying on their skills.

We used the free kick to get a header for Mitsurugi.

From there, we proceeded to rack up the goals against the inexperienced app-users.

Our first victory of the tournament was an easy one.

Part 7

The tournament would actually make us skip classes as we had to stay near the stadium, in a hotel.

The hotel was full of other players.

"...There are a lot of app abusers here, huh?"

That was what we learned by asking around.

"Unbelievable… To think everyone here is like Satou."

Mitsurugi sighed as he ate a piece of his tempura.

We were having dinner with the team in a big dining hall, along with other schools.

"So they're smart like me."

"Is that how you're framing it? The integrity of this whole tournament is ruined!"

"I think you're the only one who cares."

We took a bath afterwards then went to our room. The other guys were rowdy for a while as they played games and chatted about the cutest girls in our school, but they were tired from the game and soon fell asleep.

I was about to fall asleep as well, but…

I heard the window opening.

Keeping my eyes partly open, I watched a figure sneaking in.

It was a silver-haired female figure wearing a skintight outfit.

…How erotic.

I'd usually be deep inside Aqua by now, so I was a bit horny.

It's tough to go without any action once you get used to it.

Boy, would my old self hate my new self.

And so, I watched this female thief with deep interest.

"Let's see… Mitsurugi-kun… His phone should be here…"

She was targeting Mitsurugi, huh?

And from the looks of it, she knew he was an app user.

Without making a sound to alert the others…

"[Bind]..."

"Hmph…?!"

I tied the thief's body with a rope, also tying her mouth with it.

Then, I quickly picked up the thief like a sack of potatoes and dragged her to a closet.

"Hmm… Mnn…! Mnnph!"

"Quiet, you thief! I gotta make sure you don't have any weapons…"

She's got quite a nice ass, I observed.

There's nothing wrong with this, of course.

I'm just apprehending an evil thief trying to attack my teammate.

My body searched continued up to the thief's chest.

"...You're kinda small, but it feels nice to grope."

"Hmmphh!"

She started squirming around more, managing to bump away from me and turn around.

"..." x 2.

We both stared at each other.

Looking at her face, it was obvious that I knew this person.

"...Who is this mysterious thief?"

I said, while continuing to fondle her boobs.

"...Hmph."

She glared at me, unimpressed and unconvinced by my act.

I sighed, dropping the act and releasing her from the rope.

"I-I've been defiled…"

There were tears in her eyes as she held herself.

"It comes with the territory of being a female thief… Rather, you knew I was here and snuck in to have that kind of play with me, is that it?"

"You must be mistaking me for Darkness! No, I didn't come here for that!"

"Then what? You were going after Mitsurugi… Don't tell me he's your type."

"Wrong again! I'm after his cheat item!"

"Ah, right."

There was something like that.

Chris and Darkness were tasked by Eris-sama to retrieve the dangerous cheat items that Aqua irresponsibly gave out to app-users.

"It's in his inventory, though. How were you gonna steal it?"

"With the maxed out [Steal] skill, you can even steal from someone's inventory."

Wait, wasn't that kinda OP?

"I need to have direct contact with the phone, though."

There were some limits, at least.

"...I get that Eris-sama gave you that mission, and I do owe her a lot, but don't you think Mitsurugi is a responsible guy? I'm sure he won't misuse the cheat item."

"Well… From what I've seen of him, I suppose that's true… I only targeted him because you guys are on the lowest floor of the hotel."

So it was only a matter of convenience.

"There's a bunch of other app-users in this hotel. Maybe you should target them first. We can talk about Mitsurugi later."

"Yeah, that's why I decided to raid this hotel."

A bunch of app-users in one place, this must be a paradise for the cheat-item hunting Chris.

"Next time, please help me, Kazuma-kun!"

"Huh? Why should I do that?"

"...I'll tell the girls what you did to me."

"I look forward to working with you."

They already had a pretty nasty view of me. I didn't want to make it worse.

"A-And next time I sneak into the room, don't start molesting me! You'll know it's me next time, right?!"

"...What if it's an enemy next time?"

"I'm telling you it won't be! And why would you molest an enemy, anyway?!"

"I told you, it's the fate of female thieves…"

"You keep repeating that as if it means anything!"

It meant a lot.

To me, at least.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, Asfhjlpif and 394 others
BoringBone
Sep 23, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 22: A Heist For This Thief Duo!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#406
Chapter 22: A Heist For This Thief Duo!

Part 1

We had another match the next day after moving on to the second round.

"Fufu… It seems you have some app-users on your team. But you're not using your cheat items, are you? I can tell."

One of the players said this to me and Mitsurugi.

"How can you tell we're not using cheats?"

"Heh… Wouldn't you like to know? You see, I have these contact lenses that lets me see the complete information of anything I see! I can tell what equipment or abilities you're using! Also, it's very surprising that you're not a virgin, Satou Kazuma."

He could even see our virginity status, huh?

Also, he seemed completely shocked that I wasn't a virgin.

"...This will be a tough match."

Mitsurugi said, while the app-user taunting us laughed.

I held my hand up to the app-user who was boasting about his cheat-item.

"[Steal]."

"Hah, there's no way your luck stat is high enough to steal my cheat item from me! Eh? Why do my eyes feel exposed?"

I held up the contact lenses he was boasting about.

"I'll hold onto this for you."

"Please wait?!"

Another guy blocked my way as I turned around and started walking away.

"Hold on there… I can't let you steal my teammate's cheat item! That's unsportsmanlike behavior!"

Says the guy who was abusing cheat items in a highschool soccer tournament.

"If you don't give those lenses back… Then I will be forced to use these cleats that let me summon a lightning dragon whenever I make a kick!"

Was he planning on killing people in this tournament, or what?

"[Steal]..."

"M-My lightning dragon…?!"

"Alright, I was gonna give these back to you, but it's too dangerous for idiots like you to be walking around with such artifacts."

I was starting to see Chris's perspective.

"P-Please wait?! We're nothing without those cheat items! Please give them back!"

Mitsurugi sighed as he followed me while I ignored those app-users.

"Are you really gonna keep their cheat items? Won't they need that to fight the demon king army?"

"Forget the demon king army, those guys will ruin the city on their own."

Giving these guys the ability to fire lightning dragons from their feet… What the hell was Aqua thinking?

"Well, I suppose you're right."

Mitsurugi relented after he couldn't find a way to argue.

With their artifacts confiscated, the app-users couldn't stop us in the game.

I sped away as they were chasing me with [Escape], then set up some short passes with Mitsurugi.

We developed quite an excellent chemistry while playing so many games together. I didn't even need to look to know where he was going to be.

Still, the other players were app-users as well who had their own skills.

"We're not gonna let you humiliate us like this! [Leap]!"

One of them jumped incredibly high in the air to contest a cross.

I looked at Mitsurugi, but he just shrugged.

"...Don't look at me, I can't jump that high."

I sighed and used [Wind Breath] up at the ball, pushing it out of the way before the app user could make contact with it.

"Gah…?!"

I retrieved the ball and moved up the field, only for the other app-user to block my way.

"I won't let you pass! [Power Kick]!"

He went for a slide tackle.

"[Freeze]..."

I froze the ball to my feet, getting it stuck there.

"Eh…?"

He blinked in surprise when the ball refused to budge from my feet when he tackled me.

Furthermore, the momentum of the tackle made me fall over.

The referee blew a whistle and assigned a yellow card to him for reckless play.

By this time, I had already unfroze the ball.

"What…?! B-But… It wasn't…!"

He tried to argue, but the referee wouldn't listen to him.

We won the game 3-0.

"We're advancing to the semi-finals! I'm so proud of all of you!"

The coach's face was hidden by a waterfall of tears.

"To think we'd make it this far… You're the difference maker, Satou!"

My teammates praised me as well.

I shrugged and rubbed the back of my head.

"...I couldn't have done it with all your support. Not only in the game, but in practice as well…"

"...Satou! Even though I secretly hated you because you're getting so much attention from girls now… I respect you now!"

"I hated you so much because you kept bringing that cute first-year girl to your games… But now you have my loyalty!"

"I still kinda hate your guts because you're already better than me despite being a noob a month ago…! I've been playing since middle school, you know?!"

What awful teammates I had.

When we headed out of the tunnel, the fans started cheering for us as we exited.

"Kyaa~! Mitsurugi-kun!"

"Kazuma-kun, please look at me!"

Our fans increased from last time. In fact, weren't there a lot of fangirls this time?

Mitsurugi just gave them a polite smile and moved on, but…

I winked at the fangirls calling my name.

"Thank you for your support… Your cheers help me play at my best form…"

"Kyaa~! We'll keep cheering you on, Kazuma-kun~!"

I chuckled and gave a final salute while walking out.

"...Sigh… Your charisma and attractiveness increased by +1."

"You don't sound too excited to announce that, Appuri-chan."

"Kazuma-san… Do you want me to tell mama on you?"

Appuri-chan said this when I retrieved her from the locker room after changing to check on my stats.

"...? Your mama is fine with me flirting with other girls, you know? It's part of her religion or whatever."

"That still doesn't make it OK for you to just flirt with random girls!"

"That's exactly what she said, didn't she?! Your mama doesn't care even if I sleep with other women!"

I thought that I was alone in the locker room since the others already left, but…

I didn't notice that the coach was still there.

"Satou-kun… Don't tell me that you have a daughter at your age? And you're even cheating on her mother…"

Crap.

This overly emotional coach got a misunderstanding.

"Um, no, that's not it…"

"I-It's true! My papa here is cheating on my mama!"

This stupid app…!

"Oi… I thought you're supposed to support me…!"

"I'm designed to support you, which is why I'm ensuring that you stay faithful to mama…!"

This stupid bratty app!

If only she was real then I'd give this AI brat a good spanking!

"Satou-kun… I'm your coach so please let me give you some advice."

"No, thanks."

I quickly made my way out of there before it could get even more awkward.

Part 2

That night, I heard the window to the team's hotel room opening again.

A female thief with a slim body, accentuated by a skintight bodysuit, entered through the window with an acrobatic flourish.

…This wicked female thief!

All female thieves must be punished!

"Kazuma-kun… Are you…"

I threw a rope at this female thief.

"...! T-That won't work on me this time!"

She moved out of the way, expecting the attack.

However…

That was just a decoy rope I threw.

I threw the real rope, aiming it at the place she dodged.

"[Bind]!"

"...?!"

The female thief was bound, her mouth gagged by the rope as well.

"...I don't know who you are, evil female thief! But I'll interrogate you right now!"

I dragged off the struggling female thief to the closet.

"Hmm… This female thief must surely be hiding weapons here!"

"Mnn…!"

I started rubbing her ass through that skintight suit. The material of the suit didn't hide any of her curves at all.

"...Hm… Maybe I should search here as well?"

My hands went up to cup her breasts.

"Mnnn~!"

She let out an erotic squeal.

Oh?

I was about to stop at that moment but…

I looked at her red ears and the way she was shaking. She also stopped resisting.

…Maybe she started liking it midway?

If it was something like that, then the courts would surely side in my favor, right?

It's not sexual harassment if she likes it, right?

One hand continued to grope her chest, while the other hand slipped down again to grope an ass cheek.

Just like I thought, she was responding well to my touch.

…I should know, because Aqua made those exact sounds whenever she was turned on.

Again, I meant for this to be a harmless little prank, but if this female thief is this receptive…

Well, let's just drop the act and admit that she's Chris already.

If Chris is this receptive, then wouldn't it be ungentlemanly of me to stop right here?

And isn't that one of the cliches I hate seeing in anime and manga? When the beta male protagonist stops even when the girl is clearly in the mood…

Not me! If a girl lets me, I don't care what happens next, I'd even go all the way in that same instant!

And it wasn't that long ago when I declared that I'd go on the Chris route.

There were some obstacles along the way, but…

Just to see how she'd react, I poked my erect member against her ass.

"...!"

She instinctively rubbed back against me.

Oho.

Someone sure is excited, isn't she?

In that case…

I kept prodding her again. She kept moaning and didn't put up any resistance.

…Getting off on getting tied up like this and groped by a guy she knew.

"Chris… Do you like this kind of captive play?"

"...?!"

"It seems like you're enjoying this kind of play… Do you like being tied up and being held captive? Forced to do whatever your captor wants to do with you…"

This time, she wriggled away from me.

Then she went to a hook in the closet and managed to take off the rope binding her mouth with it.

"Y-You're going too far now! Kazuma-kun, what's wrong with you?!"

I stared at her impassively, not affected by her response.

"Hah? Don't even give me that act when you were eagerly rubbing yourself on me and going 'mnn~!', 'mnnn~!'. If you really didn't like it, I'll happily walk with you to the police station right now and turn myself in! But be a mature woman and admit it if you were turned on!"

She stared at me in shock as I gave her this ultimatum.

"...I-I'll overlook this incident for now because Kazuma-kun is gonna help me!"

She completely changed the subject.

"Help you with what?"

"...Did you forget already? I'm going to steal cheat items from the app-users in this hotel. For some reason, a lot of them are in the tournament, right?"

Because they were a bunch of attention seekers who wanted the glory of winning a national tournament.

They also probably discovered, like I did, that joining a sports team was a good way to raise stats.

"Hm? Did I say I'd help you?"

"...After doing all that, you're not gonna help me?"

She blushed and gave me a pout.

"All that? It was just a bit of touching… Don't tell me Chris is a virgin?"

She blushed even harder, tears in her eyes now.

"Geez! Come on, just help me!"

"Hah… I just wanted you to leave Mitusurugi alone because I can vouch for him. Look, I even got you these cheat items."

I handed her the contact lenses and shoe that I got earlier, dropping it from my inventory.

"...! Wow, you sure are good at this, Kazuma-kun! Ugh… These stink…"

She scrunched her nose in disgust as she put the cleats away in her own inventory.

"See? I already helped you out, so leave me out of this."

"K-Kazuma-kun, I thought we were friends! Please help a friend out!"

I looked at her, then down at her slim body.

"I don't do things for free, you know…?"

She noticed me looking at her body and placed her hands protectively around her chest.

"D-Didn't you already have enough fun touching me…?"

"That was just a freebie. We're talking about how you can compensate me for helping you now."

"What do you mean a freebie?! I don't let guys just grope me for free! …Fine, what do you want? Well, I can already guess what you want…"

She mumbled while glancing away.

I considered trying to get as much fun out of this as I could, especially knowing that Chris didn't hate this at all.

She had her physical needs as well, even if she didn't admit it.

Still, I didn't want to push her too hard. It wasn't like I only viewed her as a hot girl I wanted to play around with. I really did see her as a friend.

So, I decided to go easy on her.

"How about a handy?"

"Ehhh?!"

She placed a hand over her mouth as she remembered that there were people sleeping outside.

"...Kazuma-kun, why would you ask me for that?!"

"Hm? I was going easy on you, though?"

"Is that what you call going easy?!"

I mean, I could have just asked to go all the way.

"Come on, Chris. Are you telling me you're not the slightest bit curious about this sort of stuff? You can't pretend like you weren't enjoying what we did earlier."

"But we're friends, so…"

"Then we can be friends with benefits."

"You're insufferable!"

I could see the conflict on her face. Her eyes darted about and she fixed her mouth into many shapes. Finally, after a couple minutes of thought, she sighed.

"...J-Just make it quick."

"Humu. That vague reluctance coupled with the clear desire in your eyes is very erotic."

"I could do without the commentary!"

I nodded and started to take my joggers off for her. She glanced away, but I could tell her eyes were still on me, especially as I started to take my boxers off.

Her eyes widened when she saw my bare member.

"...I-I can't believe we're doing this."

She muttered, as she kept staring at it.

"Just stop trying to pretend you don't wanna do this."

I didn't know too much about Chris's personal life, but she struck me as a sheltered girl.

She was strangely innocent about a lot of things despite being around the same age as me. Even Aqua, who spent almost her entire existence in some closed-off realm, was a lot more honest and forthright with her sexual desires.

Still, I could sense that Chris was the type who could be considered a 'closet pervert'.

Sure, I was at fault for groping her at the start.

But I even groped Megumin's butt a few times before. Megumin didn't start moaning and become a shivering mess. Even Darkness didn't react as strongly as Chris did.

That was the reason why I was even going this far… Because I knew she wanted this. Of course, she couldn't admit it right away, as she had her pride.

Her hand slowly made its way to my exposed member, until I felt her soft fingers on me. I gave her an appreciative moan.

"That's it… Keep touching me."

I smirked as she gave me a soft glare.

But rather than argue, she kept stroking me.

Soon, she got immersed in the task, her eyes completely magnetized to my member as she stroked it with her hand.

If I wasn't sleeping with Aqua, I would have finished right away. That was how good her hand felt and how erotic this whole situation was.

I remembered how I got misled by our first outing at the coffee shop. I got all excited thinking it was a date.

Instead, Chris started yapping about Darkness nonstop.

I thought that my chances with her had dried up at that moment.

Yet now, here she was giving me a handjob.

"Where do you want me to cum?"

I said, warning her as I finally felt my climax approaching. Just thinking about how impossible it seemed to get to this point was making me even more aroused.

"Eh?! Um… N-Not on my clothes! This is rare gear!"

"Then you better find a way to not get it dirty… I'm gonna cum…!"

"...?!"

In a panic, she went down on her knees and opened her mouth.

"Hnnngh!"

I moaned as I blasted cum onto her open mouth, trying to aim it directly on the tongue she stuck out.

Some of it got on her face, but none of it dripped past her chin.

"Hah… Hah…"

I admired my handiwork, looking down at her tongue covered in my seed.

"...Not bad for a wicked female thief…"

She almost didn't look like she knew what to do with the cum in her mouth, until she eventually did the natural thing and swallowed it.

She looked up at me, before blushing and glancing away.

"Geez… Are we done now?"

"Yeah, sure. I just have a question, though."

"...What?"

"I could have just cum on your hands or something. What compelled you to go down on your knees and take my cumshot in your mouth like that?"

"...?!"

This time, she slapped me on the cheek.

Part 3

We went outside to talk about retrieving the cheat items.

"This is my plan. We use our skills to sneak into the rooms one by one. If the app-users find us, then we use [Bind] to stop them. We will try not to harm anyone."

Chris explained her plan while we stood under a streetlight.

I waited for her to finish, then I said,

"Nah, that's too much hassle."

"You got any better ideas?"

I nodded and took out some fabric, a mask and a wig. Chris stared curiously at them.

"Why are you carrying those around, Kazuma-kun?"

"You see, I unlocked this [Disguise] skill recently. I also have the [Smithing] skill."

To demonstrate, I used the [Smithing] skill. The fabric wove together and formed into the material I had in mind.

I put on the newly formed clothing and mask, and with the [Disguise] skill, the material seemed to form a second skin. The mask and wig that looked like cheap plastic looked like real human hair and skin now.

I copied the appearance of the tournament's main official.

"I'm going to claim that the tournament staff spotted some players taking pictures of the girls highschool team while they were taking a bath. The staff will confiscate the phones of each of the boys to check if they're hiding pictures there."

The girls high school soccer team were also having their own tournament and using the same hotel. It wasn't hard to believe that some guys would get the idea to snap some pictures of the top girls' soccer players in the country.

Chris narrowed her eyes at me after hearing my plan.

"You sure are devious, Kazuma-kun. You come up with the most dirty plans."

"Hey, I just take the most efficient route. If we did it your way, we'd be doing this all night."

"So what do I do? It doesn't seem like I have a place in your plan."

"Just make sure the real official doesn't wake up. It will cause problems if there's two of him walking around."

"Gotcha. Then, I'll rely on you for the main part. By the way, if we're doing this, then we need codenames."

"Got it. Your codename will be 'Lusty Female Thief', while my codename will be 'Big Boss'."

"Why do you get the cool codename while I get that embarrassing one?! I want to be called 'Big Boss'! You can be 'Assistant-kun'!"

"No way. That's lame as hell."

She frowned, before she started grinning and said,

"How 'bout this? Let's play janken. Whoever wins gets the nickname they want."

I chuckled at her overconfidence. My janken skills were even enough to fool an all-seeing devil. Who did she think she is?

I decided to up the stakes a little, knowing I'd win.

"Fine. But if I win, I get to do whatever I want with you after the mission is over."

She blushed but ended up nodding.

"Y-You never stop with that, huh? Alright, I agree to those terms!"

"Then… Jan…"

"Ken…!"

"...Pon!"

I actually lost.

This was the first time in my life I lost at janken.

Chris pumped her fist in celebration.

"Yes! Alright, you have to call me Big Boss!"

"Sure…"

"Sure, what?"

"Sure, Big Boss."

"That's more like it, Assistant-kun!"

I was so shocked that I didn't even try to fight it.

How high was this girl's luck stat if my 90 luck stat lost to her?! Is she even human?!

While Chris looked for the official's room, I went over to the hotel staff and asked them to send a message to all of the player's rooms, telling them to wake up and meet in the hotel's lobby.

Wearing my disguise, I waited at the lobby as groggy and confused players gathered there. I noticed my own team come down as well, Mitsurugi among them. I just hoped he wouldn't notice that I wasn't around, although the way he was looking around seemed to indicate that he was looking for me.

To try and distract him, I went ahead and started the speech I prepared. I used [Versatile Entertainer] to imitate the official's voice from when I heard it in the opening ceremony.

"...It pains me to say that there have been some miscreants who took pictures of the female players!"

There were gasps all around.

I slowly nodded, before continuing.

"It's because of this that I request that…"

"It was me! I did it!"

My head snapped around as someone unexpectedly stepped forward.

"I'm sorry! I couldn't help it! Please don't penalize my teammates! I'm the only one who should be punished!"

…I didn't think that someone would actually take pictures of the girls teams taking a bath.

Not only that, they even admitted to it.

"Uh… Yeah. Let me get your phone, then, so we can thoroughly delete those pictures."

I took his phone, just in case he was an app user.

"We'll also need to look at everyone else's phones to see if you took pictures…"

I said, which was met with protest by the players.

"Hah?! Didn't you already find the culprit?!"

"This is an invasion of privacy!"

"Why do we have to suffer because of a couple of perverts?!"

They were all making very good points that I couldn't refute. If I was in their position, I'd also say the same things.

"...The girls reported that they saw many culprits. That means it was more than one person who did it."

The one who turned themselves in meekly raised their hand.

"Um, actually it was just me."

This guy was really messing with my plans.

If you're gonna be a pervert, at least stick with it until the end. Why was he having a redemption arc now?

"...The girls said that there were other perverts who came in at different times."

"But we were all in the dining hall, right? So the ones who weren't there are one of the culprits!"

To my surprise, Mitsurugi raised his hand.

"...Well, I will make sure to investigate who wasn't there during mealtime."

"Um, excuse me. I have something to say."

Mitsurugi still kept his hand raised. Not only that, the others all turned their attention to him.

"...The investigation will continue tomorrow. You can all return to your rooms now."

"Um, please let me speak."

Mitsurugi kept trying to get my attention no matter how many times I tried to ignore him. Without much of a choice on the matter, I nodded to him, reluctantly giving him permission to speak.

"If we're talking about those who didn't appear during mealtime, then those who didn't show up to this meeting are also guilty, yes?"

This guy…!

Was he really ratting me out?! He was really so much of a goodie two-shoes that he'd rat his own teammate out?!

"I-I don't think it necessarily means they're guilty… Maybe they're just too tired from performing very well for their teams, haha…"

"No, that guy is right! Let's take attendance right now and see who's missing!"

A random player made this even more complicated and troublesome for me.

"...Very well. Let's take attendance."

I had no choice but to go along with the flow.

Surely enough, the only one who wasn't in attendance was myself.

"It's this Satou Kazuma, huh? He does seem suspicious!"

Based on what metric, punk?

I had to hold myself back from snapping at these guys.

Mitsurugi raised his hand again. I already had enough of him, but I had no choice but to let him speak again.

"I know this may be biased, but I don't think it's Satou. Besides, he already has a girlfriend. There's no reason for him to take creep pics of random girls."

Since he knew that I had something going on with Rin, he covered for me. If he was gonna defend me anyway, then why did he even bring that up?!

One of the players didn't seem satisfied with that. He said,

"No, let's investigate him! Where is he, anyway? He should be in this meeting!"

These guys were really starting to piss me off!

"Ahem. I will go up to check on him."

I said, hurriedly leaving the lobby before they could say anything else.

I went to the room and waited a little bit, before going back to the lobby. Then, I said,

"...I spoke to this Kazuma-kun. He seems to be tired from carrying his team through two straight victories and is currently resting in bed. After all, he is the undisputed MVP of this tournament, so it's understandable. Of course, none of you would know what it's like to have the pressure of the ace title weighing on your shoulders…"

"Hah?! You're supposed to be the official, right?! Why are you so biased?!"

"Is this Satou guy your nephew or something?! There's nepotism going on here!"

"I bet you found out that your nephew is the one who took those pics, and you're covering for him!"

This situation was getting worse for me the more I tried to cover for myself.

Having had enough, I raised my voice.

"Shut up, you misbehaved children! I already checked Kazuma-kun's phone, and the only thing I found is pictures of his beautiful girlfriend! I bet none of you knows what it feels like to have a girl, huh?! After all, which girl would be interested in a bunch of bullies who go around accusing an innocent person of wrongdoing! Now give me all of your phones so I can check them, or I'll start handing out disqualifications!"

Rather than take a diplomatic approach, I used the official's authority to force them to hand their phones over.

"You will receive your phones back later. Oh, by the way, Satou Kazuma's team should take care not to disturb Kazuma-kun. He is your best player after all, and he deserves the rest."

When I went up to the room earlier, I made sure to stuff some pillows under my futon to make it seem like I was in a deep sleep.

The players started grumbling before handing their phones over, dropping them in the bag I held out. Mitsurugi also dropped his phone in.

With the bag in hand, I went up to the official's room, where Chris was waiting.

I found Chris watching over the official, who was sleeping peacefully.

"How did it go… Why do you look so exhausted?"

She said, while looking at my tired face after I took off the disguise.

"Let's just say that it might have been easier if we went along with your plan. I got these, at least."

I showed her all the phones.

She smiled and accepted the bag. Then, she withdrew a box-like object from her inventory.

"This is a storage box, a rare item that can hold a lot of objects inside. It can then be stored within the inventory, counting only as one item."

"I'd like one as a reward for helping you out."

"...You should have thought of that before asking for a lewd request."

She frowned at me, as she set to work on using [Steal] to take the cheat items away from the phones.

It only took about half an hour for her to steal the items, as she was able to identify the phones with the cheat items in them with the maxed out version of [Detect Treasure]. When it came to Mitsurugi's phone, I convinced her to let him keep his cheat-item.

Then, with the disguise on, I brought back the phones to the hotel staff, asking them to give them back to the players in the morning.

With that, we successfully stole the cheat items.

Your 'Cunning' has increased by +2!

Part 4

"Gahhh…! What happened to my cheat item?!"

"My holy lance…! That thing had passive health regen…!"

"Noooo! My sacred bow that deals increased crit damage!"

In the morning, a bunch of app-users were mourning the loss of their items.

"I knew that the official was suspicious! He gave such a boring speech in the opening ceremony, too!"

I felt like he didn't need to say that last part and just wanted to complain about the official's boring speech.

However, when they went to confront the official, they found that he didn't even know what they were talking about.

"This could be the work of the Demon King army!"

"Or it's someone with the thief class who played a trick on us!"

"Damn it! When I catch that thief I'll…!"

While the other app-users were freaking out, Mitsurugi worriedly checked his phone, only to find that Gram was still there.

"Hah… What a relief."

"Good for you, Mitsurugi."

"Uh-huh… You wouldn't have anything to do with this, wouldn't you, Satou?"

He immediately became suspicious of me.

"Why do you say that?"

"I mean, I'm the only one who didn't get my item stolen. And I know for a fact you have the [Steal] skill…"

I showed him my phone, at the skills tab.

"From what I heard, you need a maxed out [Steal] skill to remove items from one's inventory, right? Look, my [Steal] is at rank 1…"

He sighed in relief when he saw that.

"Yeah, I guess you're right. Sorry for doubting you."

I actually felt a bit bad for tricking him now.

"By the way, you should really train more to raise your stats, Satou…"

He said, while looking with concern at my stats.

"Mind your own business…"

I took my phone back before he could comment anymore about my low stats.

Even with all the commotion about the missing cheat items, the tournament was still set to go as normal. It wasn't like the cheat users could complain to the organizers that their cheats went missing. In fact, it was better for the tournament that they lost their cheats.

With all of the cheat items gone, that meant that our opponents for the semi-finals were below their usual ability.

Still, they had four app-users who could still use their skills. Furthermore, they were eager to take their frustrations out on us from getting their cheat items stolen.

"This is for my Flame Blade-chan!"

With tears in his eyes, the opposing defender managed to take the ball away from me with an unexpected sliding tackle. He then passed it to the striker who blew past the defenders and easily scored a goal.

The defender, who had tears in his eyes as if he was playing for a dead lover, ran back to his teammates to celebrate.

With that goal, the score was 2-2.

"Hah… We're outnumbered in terms of app-users."

Mitsurugi said, helping me up from where I fell from the sliding tackle.

"It's time for you to start using active skills, Mitsurugi."

He gave me a disappointed look.

"I told you, I can't do that. I can't help having advantages because of my passive skills, but using active skills is going too far."

This goody-two-shoes was still on about that.

"Listen, you're just evening the playing field. Look at those shameless app-users. They're using skills left and right. I bet they're even using skills just to flirt with their female manager. Don't you feel bad for our teammates who are losing because those guys keep cheating?"

I pointed to our team, who were exhausted after trying to keep up with the physically superior app-users.

Mitsurugi's eyes softened and he said,

"Fine, you've convinced me again."

He really should just do as I say from the start, seeing as how he always agrees with me in the end.

From then on, Mitsurugi took over the match.

"S-Stop that guy!"

Even with multiple people guarding him, Mitsurugi charged through them like a freight train.

"[Overpower]!"

He increased his raw strength and shook off the bodies trying to stop him.

The keeper had no chance to stop his empowered shot.

With Mitsurugi going all out, I didn't even have to do anything.

That guy really made me do so much work up until this point, when he could just take over the match all on his own…

And with that, we moved to the finals.

Part 5

For our last match, I saw some familiar faces waiting for me in the hotel, after I finished a short team practice.

"I can't believe our son is in the national championship! I'm so proud of you!"

My mom said, holding me in her arms.

I couldn't even remember the last time she hugged me, but she was giving me quite the embrace right now.

"...You've really come far from where you were a few months ago, Kazuma. I'm proud of you, really."

My dad patted me on the shoulder.

I didn't expect my parents to show up. Not only did they surprise me by showing up, they even told me they were proud of me.

"Y-You're pretty cool right now, I guess, nii-san…"

Even Kazuto had some nice words for me.

I couldn't help but think about how I was a NEET for all those years, how much trouble I must have given to my family. It wasn't like I improved myself because I wanted to make up for all those years. I just wanted to have fun playing out my fantasy RPG dreams in real life.

But I couldn't deny that my life was getting better, and my relationships were also improving. I also couldn't deny that it felt good to have people, especially my family, recognize my growth.

"T-Thanks… For showing up and all."

I didn't know how to deal with their praise, so I just avoided their gaze and glanced to the side.

Your bond with your family increased!

Satou (Family) Bond Rank: 6

At rank 6, your family respects you for the continuous growth you've shown, ever since you've stopped becoming a NEET. Your brother accepts your relationship with his crush and respects you for managing to woo her. If you mention wanting a non-blood related sister again, your parents might reluctantly consider it.

Bond Reward: Your parents will support you financially as much as they possibly can

I thought that the bond rewards from my parents got power crept by everything else but…

Wasn't this new rank-up reward kind of ridiculous?

Even though they were so stingy before, it was saying that they'd support me unconditionally now?

To test it out, I said,

"Say, dad, can I have some money? My funds are kinda running low right now…"

"Oh? Yeah, sure. No problem. I only have 10,000 Yen in cash right now. Is that enough?"

Was this really that stingy father of mine who couldn't even lend me 2,000 Yen before without asking me to pay it back?

With shaking hands, I accepted the money from him.

"Oh? Kazuma, there you are."

Of course, if my family was here, then Aqua would also be there. She was eating some takoyaki as she approached us. She was dressed in a blue top and a pleated skirt.

"Ah, Aqua-chan! Are you back from your shopping trip? There's lots of good stores in Tokyo! Do you want an extra 20,000 Yen?"

"Yeah, sure!"

Wait, I thought he said he only had 10,000 Yen on him? And why was she getting more than me?!

"...Don't tell me, Aqua, that you also have a bond rank with my family?"

I said, leaning over to whisper to her.

She nodded, while licking the takoyaki sauce off from the stick she just finished.

"Yup. It hit Rank 7 today, actually."

Wasn't that higher than mine?

She reached the max rank with my family before I did.

And here I was getting emotional over my close bonds with my family.

"...Nii-san, do you want to go to the arcade?"

Kazuto asked, giving me a smile.

"No way. Play on your own, brat."

"...?! Why are you so mean to me?!"

Just when I was starting to get along with them.

"Oh? Senpai, is that you?"

I turned around and saw Rin approaching us. She smiled when she saw me and jogged over. She was wearing a green hoodie and a white skirt, as well as a tan purse. My family turned to look at her.

"Who's this, Kazuma-kun? A friend?"

My mom asked. Rin smiled at her.

"Yup! Nice to meet you, I'm Hinamori Rin!"

"Ehh… Is she the girl you were talking about, Kazuma?"

Aqua asked, examining Rin from head to toe.

I started sweating. They knew about each other, in a vague sense, since they knew that I was seeing two girls. But this was the first time they were meeting each other.

"We're gonna check out some shops so you kids have fun!"

My parents chose the worst time to leave.

"Why don't we have some tea, then?"

Rin suggested to Aqua-san, giving her a cheerful smile.

"Yeah, sure. Let me just finish my takoyaki first."

And so, I found myself in quite the hellish situation.

Part 6

"Here's your milk teas!"

The waitress said, placing our cups down on the table.

Rin was still all smiles, while Aqua was giving her a curious look.

I kept expecting them to pounce on each other at any moment.

Then, Rin said,

"So, um, how do I say this? Are you senpai's other lover?"

Rin blushed a little as she couldn't find another way to broach such a touchy subject.

Aqua chuckled and said,

"Wow, you just went ahead and said it, huh? I like her, Kazuma, she's got guts. Yeah, and I guess that means that you're…"

"Yup, I am."

They shared a giggle. I sighed in relief, glad that they were finding humor in this, rather than getting all hostile about it.

"Kazuma, you seem surprised that we're getting along."

Aqua raised a brow as she saw me relaxing.

"Can you blame me? These sorts of situations can go south pretty fast."

Rin shook her head.

"Not necessarily! And you made sure to communicate with us a lot. It's not like this is a surprise to us, right?"

"Yeah. I gave you my permission and everything."

I wondered how much of this was caused by the bond reward I got from Kazuto, the ability to have two girlfriends at once, and how much of it actually had to do with what they were talking about.

I'd really prefer it if the app didn't have anything to do with their acceptance, since I wanted them to be OK with this of their own volition.

"So, I take it you're an app user, Rin?"

I almost spit out my tea when Aqua said that.

"Oi, what are you saying?!"

Thankfully, Rin only tilted her head.

"App-user? What kinda app? Ah, I like to use a grocery shopping app to keep track of discounts!"

"Oh, that's a surprise. I sensed potential in you, so I thought you'd be an app-user, too."

This got my attention. I turned to Aqua and said,

"Eh? Rin has potential?"

"Yup. Well, it's kind of faint right now, so I guess that's why the app didn't sense it."

Come to think of it, I did find it a bit strange that Rin's bond rewards gave me all kinds of dungeon related skills and even increased my mana capacity.

For non app-users like my family, they didn't even get their own personal bond categories, being grouped together as my family instead. And all the bond rewards from the Satou family line were non-dungeon related.

Konno-san had an individual bond-rank, but she didn't give me any skills yet, so I had no way of knowing if hers were also dungeon related.

"Um… Is there something I should know?"

I turned to Aqua, who just shrugged her shoulders.

"It's all up to you, Kazuma."

I considered not telling Rin, since I'd prefer it if she stayed out of danger.

But it would be even more dangerous if demons came over and Rin didn't know what to do. I lied to her about the Vanir pager, but that wasn't really a good countermeasure in case the worst case scenario happened.

I sighed and turned to Rin.

"...Um, how do I get started with this…"

"Why don't you just show her the dungeon, Kazuma? We should be able to keep her safe if we stay on the first floor."

Aqua had a point. I didn't even know where to begin to explain the app, the other world and everything else.

"Um… T-The dungeon? I don't think I'm ready for that kinda play…"

Rin blushed, assuming all kinds of things.

After assuring her that wasn't what we meant, I used the Service Locator function of the app to show me to a dungeon entrance in Tokyo.

Then, after a short train ride…

In the middle of a crossing, there was a floating door.

Aqua and I both clearly saw it, but Rin didn't see it at the start.

"I'm supposed to see a door?"

Rin said, squinting her eyes at the spot we pointed at.

Aqua smiled and went behind Rin, gently guiding her head.

"Yeah, right there. Don't try to imagine it. Your imagination will actually overlap with the reality in front of you. Just clear your mind and you can see it."

From Aqua's words, it made sense to me now why Rin couldn't perceive the dungeon doors.

Rin was an imaginative girl, always reading books, always thinking about all her favorite stories and imagining herself in fantasy worlds.

Since she was always inventing her own realities, she couldn't find the fantastic world that was right in front of her.

Rin took a deep breath, then did as Aqua instructed.

Then, after a moment…

"...! I can see it! Whoa, that door really is just floating there!"

Rin was finally able to see the dungeon.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, JOJOBRN and 368 others
BoringBone
Sep 24, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 23: An Evacuation For These Forest Monsters!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#419
Chapter 23: An Evacuation For These Forest Monsters!

Part 1

Before we went down into the dungeon, I wanted to take out my Spell Storage Ring to give it to Rin. She should be safe with us, but she could use it in case of an emergency.

But when I looked down on my phone, I noticed something.

There was a new entry for the Chris Bond Rank.

In fact, the rank actually went up to rank 4.

Chris "Silver-haired Thief", Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, Chris views you as a total pervert! She has completely changed her opinion of you from a reliable friend to a sexual harasser! However… She didn't seem to hate it that much? She might welcome more in the future…

Bond Reward: You gain +10 speed!

"...Oi, Appuri-chan, how come you didn't alert me of this…"

"...That's because the way you gained the bond rank is despicable. I should really tell mama on you."

"Well, she's right here, you want to tell her that you're not doing your job?"

"No, I don't wanna get in trouble with mama…"

"Then don't do shit like this again!"

"Hm…? Kazuma, are you saying something to Appuri-chan?"

Aqua curiously peeked over my shoulder.

"No, not really."

"But I heard you saying something."

"Must have been your imagination."

Rin was nervously following us. She looked around at the walls and the darkness beyond.

"Just stay close to us and you'll be safe."

"Alright, I trust you, senpai."

I looked into her eyes and saw that she was completely sincere.

"So, how do you want to start this off, Kazuma?"

Aqua asked, as she took out her staff. Then, she casted a bunch of buffs on us, focusing on protective spells for Rin.

"We're just gonna see if Rin can download the app. If not, then she can't come to the dungeon with us."

"But I can see and enter the dungeon, right?"

"That's true, but the app hasn't appeared on your phone yet."

Rin nodded, taking out her phone to check again, only to not find the app there.

The only way to really see if Rin could become an app-user was to involve her in a fight.

We walked around for a few minutes until we encountered a goblin.

"Eep!"

Rin let out a yelp of surprise as she saw a monster for the first time. I suppose that was a pretty normal reaction.

Standing protectively over Rin, I threw a rope at the goblin.

"[Bind]!"

I also did a pose, trying to look cool for her.

"Wow, senpai! You have powers and stuff! You're like a superhero!"

Every guy wants to hear that exact line from a cute girl.

"...This kind of thing is normal for me."

Aqua snorted at my attempts to show off.

"Even though that's the weakest monster…"

She didn't intend to let me have my moment at all.

Next, I handed over Chunchunmaru to Rin.

"You're going to need to finish it off."

"Wait, what? I can't do that."

"You'll have to do it if you want to unlock the app."

"That can't be…"

She reluctantly raised the sword, facing the tied up goblin. Then while closing her eyes she struck the goblin across the chest, causing a fatal wound.

"See? That wasn't so bad"

"Easy for you to say... You're used to this, senpai."

Aqua smiled and slung an arm around the quivering shoulders of Rin.

"So? Did you unlock the app?"

"Oh, it looks like it's on my phone now!"

Rin smiled and showed me the screen. We all huddled around her to look at the app. We saw the familiar animation of the chibi Appuri-chan dancing around in the intro scene.

"You gained a level, so that means you can choose an available class"

Aqua explained the process of the app. It almost looked like she knew what she was doing.

"Let's see... It says the only classes I qualify for are the mage classes. I guess I'm not built for any frontline class..."

I looked over Rin's petite body, not at all surprised that she didn't qualify as something like a Warrior or knight. Although I was a bit surprised that she also didn't qualify for the Archer or Thief class, considering how slim she was. I guess body types didn't really have anything to do with innate talents.

"Just choose the Mage class. It's a shame that you couldn't unlock the priest class. Although I guess those are for the exclusively talented."

Aqua didn't spare any moment to try and raise her own ego. Thankfully, Rin didn't seem bothered by it. Although she did spare Aqua a side-glance and gave a toneless chuckle.

"Senpai... She has quite a high opinion of herself, doesn't she?"

"Don't worry you'll get used to it."

It turns out that Rin had good intelligence, magic power and magic capacity, all of them ranging at around the 70s. It didn't qualify her for an advanced class, but if we could find her a proper spell book, then she can probably learn intermediate spells without any problems.

"It's kind of hard for spell casters, isn't it? Even if they unlock the class, they still need to find spells to learn"

I said, while looking at Rin's empty skill list.

"Well, it's still worth it because spellcasters eventually outscale the warrior classes."

Aqua explained with a know-it-all expression on her face.

"But if they don't even survive until that point, then it doesn't matter even if they outscale the warrior classes. Especially since it seems like priest classes are actually rare. So most people don't even have healers around them."

"That's why it's important to have a party, right? Of course, someone who prefers to dungeon delve by themselves might disapprove of that tactic."

Aqua gave me quite the smug look. I wanted to slap it out of her face. However, I didn't want to do that in front of Rin. Instead, I just gave an insincere chuckle in response to Aqua's taunts.

"You're always joking around, Aqua. Hahaha..."

Rin looked at me with a surprised but amused twinkle in her eye.

"I've never really seen this side of you before, senpai. You're always so nice to me, but it seems like you have a different side to you, at least, when you're talking to Aqua."

Even though I was trying to hide it, Rin was perceptive enough to see through my guise.

"You should see the way this guy talks to me when you're not here, Rin. He's so rude, so abusive, a true enemy to all women!"

I tried to get aqua shut up, but being rough on her would just reinforce what she was saying about me.

Rin was shocked to hear this, even gasping.

"Wait... I thought senpai was just a bit rougher when interacting with Aqua. But is it really so much different from how he talks to me?"

I should have thought this through. I should have known Aqua would try to expose me.

"No, no. Aqua here is just exaggerating..."

"Rin, if he acts any differently around you, like, more gentlemanly, then just know that it's all fake! In fact, he's probably only just doing that to give a mistaken impression to you, that he is a good guy that can be trusted. That's the furthest from the truth! This guy is a pure scumbag! There are many other girls who can testify to this!"

It's over for me. This is why I hesitated to introduce Rin to anyone else I had bond ranks with. I couldn't exactly deny that I was acting differently around her, but that was because Rin was the only normal girl I knew. There wasn't really any reason to lash out on her.

Well... Chris is also normal but she tempted me too much with that female thief role play she was trying to put on. Yeah sure, let's pin the blame on Chris. I guess I really am a scumbag, huh?

"Listen, Rin, Aqua isn't really lying. But it wasn't like I was trying to trick you or anything. You are nice to me and I wanted to be nice to you."

Instead of looking betrayed, Rin ended up in a chuckling fit.

"Wait, why are you apologizing that you have different interactions with other people? That's normal isn't it? I mean, the way I interact with my classmates, and the way I interact with my teachers and parents, is totally different from the way I treat you. Isn't it natural for it to be that way?"

Aqua also ended up giggling.

"Yeah, you don't need to be that serious..."

Aqua really was just taking advantage of the situation.

"Still, senpai, it's not good if you're mean to everyone else but me. Can't you work on that?"

I knew I still had a lot to work on. Especially after what I did to Chris. They still didn't even know about that. And the fact that I don't even want to tell them means that I really have a lot to work on.

"Yeah I'll try to improve..."

"He's going to say that but I bet he's going to start harassing some other girl we don't even know about. In fact, I wouldn't even be surprised if he was flirting with the female fans he has now."

"There's female fans, huh?"

This was supposed to be a dungeon orientation session for Rin, but it just became an interrogation for me. How did that happen?!

Part 2

"Oh, it looks like I leveled up again!"

Rin pumped her fist excitedly.

"You should also be able to see a quest list. What does that look like?"

We all looked at her quest list.

Defeat five monsters! Quest Rewards: Random loot box

Learn magic! Quest Rewards: +2 magic power, +2 mana capacity

Go on a date with Satou Kazuma! Quest Rewards: +2 charisma, +2 attractiveness

The both of us blushed a little, while Aqua snickered.

"Aww... Isn't that cute..."

"W-We can do that whenever. Let's take care of the monster hunting one, since we're already here."

I said, while coughing into my hand.

We resume the pattern of myself disabling the enemies and Rin finishing them off. Aqua kept a careful watch, ready to heal or defend us in case an enemy slipped past my notice.

With us helping her, it didn't take long until the quest was completed.

The random loot box soon appeared in the inventory. It was the same blue box with the pink ribbons.

"Hey, Aqua, does it matter who opens the box?"

"No, you could even gift it to someone"

Since I had an insanely high luck stat, I took the box and opened it.

Sure enough, the rare magic tome appeared. The last time I got this item, it only gave me elementary magic. But with Rin's higher magic potential, she should be able to at least unlock intermediate magic.

"So, I have to read this? Wait, there's nothing inside the book."

She was a bookworm and was excited to read a story. Instead, a bright light emerged from the book before it disappeared.

"It says here I have intermediate magic now!"

I was a bit jealous since she already had a higher tier of spellcasting than me despite just starting out.

To try it out, she used a spell on a group of skeletons. She swiped her hand in front of her and summoned a blast of razor sharp wind.

"[Wind Blade]!"

The skeletons fell in a heap of bones as the powerful spell cut through them. Small lacerations appeared on the walls as the large-scale blast tore through the narrow corridor. The torches also simultaneously lost their flames.

I used [Tinder] to reignite the torches. Then, I said,

"You'll have to be careful using big spells in the dungeon like that. Especially with fire spells."

"G-Got it, senpai..."

She looked a bit shaken by the destructive spell she conjured. But I could also sense a childlike excitement within her. After all, she was an avid reader of fantasy novels. And now, she discovered this fantastical element in her, what was once, ordinary life. She could summon lightning, fire and wind from her fingertips, explore a mysterious dungeon and battle monsters--it didn't surprise me that she was excited, even with the potential risk to her life. I was also like that when I was starting out, so I knew the feeling well.

We didn't want to overwhelm her too much in her first visit to the dungeon, so we went out into the city again. Rin gave a glance back to the floating door.

"Be careful, you're going to get addicted to the dungeon."

Aqua warned her, when she saw Rin's gaze lingering at the door.

"And make sure you don't go there without us around."

It was one thing if she had any frontline capabilities, but since she had a pure caster build, I didn't want her to take the risk of going in alone. Even I, at the start, had weapon proficiencies. Meanwhile, Rin couldn't even unlock the [Improvised Weapon] skill like I did. Maybe if she had a staff like Megumin, she could defend herself, but even then, Megumin was an exception with that unusual strength of hers.

"Don't worry, I don't think I can go in there by myself willingly, anyway."

I turned to Aqua and said,

"By the way, do you think your replacement in heaven is going to give Rin a cheat item? Or has Eris-sama already taken over your role?"

If that was a case, then there would be no cheat items going out anytime soon.

"Do you really think my authority would be usurped that quickly? If that angel bitch knows what's good for her, then she'd be quietly resume my tasks in my place without seeking credit for it."

I feel sorry for that angel now.

"If you do get a chance to receive a cheat item, then make sure it's magic related."

"I'll keep that in mind, senpai."

Aqua grinned and draped her arms around our shoulders.

"Well, you two do have a quest to do. I mean, you're already in Tokyo and all. Why not make use of it?"

"Doesn't senpai have a game in a couple hours?"

"We can just go to a café for a quick coffee, or something..."

"If you're sure you have time, then why not? Aqua, do you want to come as well?"

"That would make Kazuma way too happy, going on a date with the two of us. So, I'll pass."

And what's wrong with making me happy?

"Besides, you won't be able to meet the quest conditions if I come along."

"I suppose that's true. Then I guess it's just us two, senpai!"

I nodded and took out my phone, checking my Service Locator app.

"Says here that there's a café that provides charisma bonuses. Let's check it out."

Rin looked at me with a look of suspicion.

"... Don't tell me that you always take bonuses and such into consideration when choosing places to hang out with me?"

"N-No not at all..."

It's a lot more scary now that Rin knows about the app. Not only that, thanks to Aqua, she doesn't have an idealized version of me anymore in her head. She was now beginning to doubt the things that I said.

After that, we headed over to the cafe and tried the coffee.

You gained +1 Charisma! Also, I'm glad that mama approves of your mistress, you cheating scum!

Appuri-chan still seems to disapprove of the whole arrangement. Even when the parties involved are fine with it.

"So, you really do get bonuses just from drinking coffee."

Rin said, while sipping the coffee.

"Sorry, this must all be overwhelming and confusing for you."

I had my gamer background to lean on at the start, but Rin was kind of a normie, bookworm qualities aside.

"It is making me think of you in a different light…"

"I'm sorry for not living up to your expectations."

"No, no, it's nothing like that! In fact, I think it's cool that you're risking your life to protect everyone from the demon king army."

"Well, there's others, too"

"Yeah, but that just makes it even more impressive, that you are still fighting even if you can just rely on others to do the job."

That actually meant a lot to me, considering my attitude at the start. I even suggested to Aqua that we should just take the final blow on the Demon King, rather than risking our lives fighting seriously.

"I'm sorry I wasn't completely honest from the start."

"It's not like I'm just accepting everything. A part of me does feel like I shouldn't forgive you for not telling me sooner. I mean, it's kind of weird that you have an app helping you with our relationship."

"It's not really helping me. In fact it's been intentionally sabotaging me."

And that was the truth.

"Well, from now on we're in this together. So, you don't have to worry about hiding the dungeon from me anymore. And I want to protect senpai like you were protecting me all this time."

I gave her a genuine smile. I couldn't help but feel touched by her words. Then, she asked,

"So, how's the coffee from Tokyo?"

I gave it another sip.

"Overrated. Overpriced. But at least I like the company."

"But you can have me anywhere, senpai, not just in Tokyo."

"I can have you anywhere, huh? I'll hold you to that."

"Senpai, you're kind of perverted, aren't you?"

I guess my cool, reliable façade is no more.

Part 3

It was time for the final game of the nationals.

I expected a bunch of app-users on the field for the big finale. Instead, I was surprised to see my middle school classmate, the same one I faced for my first official game.

He walked up to me and said,

"Satou... You weren't kidding when you said you had enough talent to reach the national stage. But I worked my ass off to reach your level, ever since I lost to you. Let's have a good match, alright?"

I looked at his hand. I considered riling him up again to get him emotionally imbalanced, like last time. But instead, I just took his hand and shook it.

"Yeah, may the best man win."

I couldn't even remember his name, but I do have clear memories of sometimes playing soccer with him in the school courtyard. This was before I became a NEET, when I was a relatively normal high school student. This guy would invite me to play with his group, even when we weren't friends or anything. Granted, he was probably just trying to get enough members to play. But still, I always thought he was a cool guy for doing that.

I went up to Mitsurugi and said,

"We probably shouldn't use skills in this one."

He looked at me in surprise.

"I never thought I would hear that from you, ever. And this is the most important match, too."

I pointed at the cameras filming the game.

"This is going to be nationally televised, so it's probably not a good idea to show off a bunch of superhuman abilities."

"Yeah, you're right about that. I always wanted to play normally without cheating, anyway. So I have no complaints."

Thankfully, he accepted my explanation.

It wasn't like I didn't work hard, like I relied on my app skills and nothing else. After school I'd always attend practices. I'd work on my shooting, my passing, my cardio. Hell, I even started going to the gym.

But when the match started, I found out that these guys worked harder, for much longer, and loved this sport more than I ever did.

Even without any special abilities, they ran faster than me, hustled harder than me, and had a better feel for the game.

Mitsurugi did his best, but I was just reduced to a normal guy now. A lot of our offense depended on me using an ability to steal the ball, or imitate voices to cause chaos. Now that I wasn't doing that, I was just below average midfielder, clearly outclassed by actual national level players.

Still, I did my best. I looked for passing lanes, even finding Mitsurugi for a lob pass. It was reminiscent of our first play. And like our first match, he scored.

The game was tied. Both teams, with one goal each.

I was exhausted at this point. I was almost tempted to use [Drain Touch] on someone, but I held back. There were only a few minutes left of regulation. If the game ended in a tie that would mean we'd go into penalty shootout.

"Let's play defensively!!!"

Our coach yelled, his face set in a serious, stony expression. He wasn't crying like before. It was the first time I saw him like this, and I knew that this meant a lot to him and everyone else.

And I found myself feeling the same way. This whole thing started out as just a means for me to raise my stats and finish quests. But now, I wanted to win this with everyone.

Time ticked down as legs became heavy and the sound of everything, the sound of the cheers of the crowd, got drowned out by the heavy thump of my overworked heart trying to beat its way out of my rib cage. My lungs felt like there was hot wax plastered all over it. Debilitating waves of nausea accompanied each muscular function I tried to force my exhausted body through.

"Satou...! Ball is coming your way!"

Mitsurugi warned me. I raised my head and saw the ball, spinning almost languidly over to me. I looked at my mark. It was my former classmate. I could still see him in my mind, wearing our middle school uniform, his dirty shoes kicking up dirt and grass and the ball over to me, smiling without a worry.

I remembered a conversation we had.

"Hey, you're not bad at this, Satou. Ever think about joining our team?"

"Nah. Too much hassle."

"Oh, come on, man. Maybe we'd make nationals someday."

"You wish."

I grabbed his shirt. He tucked his elbow into my rib cage. We fought for position as we bent our knees, preparing to jump.

It's kind of crazy, isn't it? Going from kicking the ball around in the courtyard, to clashing in the biggest stage of our lives. I wondered if our classmates from back then were watching this on TV. I wondered if our teachers were watching. Were they surprised that a guy like me was competing in the finals like this? I mean, even I wouldn't believe it if you told me back then, that I'd be in this position, trying my all for a soccer tournament.

We jumped. We were on the same level for the longest while. But he seemed to get higher, and higher and higher. He headed the ball down to his teammate and they started their counter-attack. All we could do was give a futile chase. All we needed to do was stop them from scoring for another minute, and then we'd go to shootouts. Just one more minute.

The ball curved around our keeper's fingertips. It spun against the netting and slid down into the grass. There was a moment of silence and then the arena erupted into cheers. I stared in disbelief until I felt Mitsurugi's arm around my shoulders.

"We tried our best. I'm proud of you for not relying on your powers until the very end, Satou."

I gave him a weak chuckle and shrugged his arm away.

"Hah... I should have cheated at the end there. What a waste."

"Seriously, I'm glad we competed on an even playing field. It was fun, Satou."

"Yeah. I guess it was fun."

I really lost. Well, what the hell did I expect? Did I seriously think I was gonna do well against guys who have been playing their entire lives, once I stopped relying on my dirty tactics? I often chastised Aqua for her hubris, but I was even more delusional than her.

"Satou, you did well."

My classmate went up to me, that same smile from back then on his face.

"You did better."

"Oh, come on, don't say that."

"I have a confession to make."

"...Sorry, I don't swing that way."

Is this guy an idiot?

"Not that. Remember the first game we played? I said that I didn't join the middle school team because you guys weren't good enough."

"Yeah, that was my motivation for reaching the nationals, to prove you wrong."

"Well... I just said that to rile you up before the match. I didn't join because I didn't really have the motivation to."

"What?! But that was my entire purpose for trying so hard!"

Maybe he really was an idiot.

But he was a good guy.

"Hah... Even so, keep at it, Satou. And make sure to show up at our middle school reunion, alright? Lots of people wanna congratulate us for making it to the finals."

An image flashed in my head, of a girl riding behind a delinquent senpai's bike.

"...I'll think about it."

"Good! Now, take your shirt off."

"...I thought you don't swing that way."

"Wow, you really are a complete rookie, huh?! I'm talking about a uniform swap! It's a sign of respect!"

We exchanged uniforms and posed for a couple pictures for the reporters documenting the event. Then, I headed to the changeroom.

"Sniff... You boys are the real winners! Don't let anyone tell you otherwise!"

What happened to the serious expression the coach had on? He was back to his crybaby ways.

I took my phone out of the locker after I finished changing.

"...It was a valiant effort, Kazuma-san."

"Thanks."

"By the way, here's an update for you..."

Your bond with Mitsurugi Kyouya has deepened!

Mitsurugi Kyouya (Soccer Club Ace), Bond Rank: 6

At Rank 6, Mitsurugi Kyouya sees you as an invaluable teammate who he had a fun nationals tournament with. He still sees you as a rival, but also sees you as one of his closest friends. He hopes that you will stick with the soccer team and try again for nationals next year!

Bond Reward: +20 Strength

You meet the 'Strength' requirement for the 'Warrior' class! You can switch classes the next time you level up!

Part 4

"Maybe we're bad luck? I heard your team was undefeated until this point…"

My mom said, on the car ride back. I had the option of going with the team, but I was tired from everything and didn't want to spend even more time with a bunch of dudes than I had to. Plus, a lot of them were depressed about coming close to winning the whole tournament, only to lose at the final moment.

I also didn't want to deal with the coach's crying.

"Nah, it was my fault for not securing the ball at the end."

"You've become so mature, Kazuma!"

My dad said, looking at me through the rearview mirror as he drove.

Kazuto was sleeping as it was getting late, while Aqua was looking out the window at the view of the highway at night. I didn't know what she found so fascinating about the cars driving beside us, or maybe she found an idle amusement with the lights on the road. She noticed me looking at her and turned to me with a small smile, placing her hand over mine.

We had a blanket over our laps, which my mom gave us after Kazuto fell asleep. Most of it was draped over him, but there was still a good stretch of fabric over our laps. It didn't take long until I felt her hand slipping from mine and going to a more dangerous area. I sent her a warning look, while glancing at my parents at the same time, but she just smirked and went ahead and grabbed my crotch anyway.

I bit my lip, trying not to make a sound. She kept rubbing me over my pants and I felt myself swelling up.

"Is there a gas station or somewhere we can pull up?"

"Gotta go to the toilet? Yeah, there should be one here."

When the car pulled up to the gas station, I took Aqua's wrist and dragged her inside. Then I casted [Lurk] to avoid the attendant's attention and led her inside the bathroom. She smirked at me as I pinned her against the door.

"Can't help yourself, huh?"

"You're the one tempting me here."

I said, leaning in to kiss her neck. She giggled and started working on unbuckling my belt.

"Let's go for a quickie, then."

She turned around, placing her hands on the door, sticking her ass out for me. By then, my pants were completely down and my hard cock was out. I grabbed a handful of her ass and held it, my member pressed against her slit. She moaned as I shoved myself past her wet entrance, slipping myself further against her folds.

"I can never get tired of doing you."

I breathed out, as I held her waist and started thrusting, speeding up in a matter of seconds. The [Bedroom Skill] did its work, letting me set the pace I wanted, with the knowledge of knowing exactly how to make Aqua cum her brains out.

"Kazuma, you're so good at this…! Mnn!"

A part of me wanted to work out all my frustrations from losing the match, as I pounded it in Aqua over and over. We were so close, then I ruined it all because I wasn't good enough. What am I really, without my skills? I'd just be the same NEET as before, right?

"Damnit!"

I didn't realize how frustrated I was until I was actually given a chance to express it. I wondered if Aqua recognized that and did this on purpose. She took all my frustrations on, taking all my deep, hard thrusts.

"Hnnngh!"

I grunted as I came hard, pulling out to cover her ass with my seed.

At the same time, the frustrations I felt started to abate.

"Feel better?"

She said, after wiping herself off and pulling her panties up again. She leaned her back against the door and crossed her arms, raising a brow at me.

"Yeah, thanks. I needed that."

"For what it's worth, I thought you were cool out there."

It was the first time Aqua had seen me play a match. Of course, I just had to lose with her watching.

Wait a minute. I thought about it. This was the only match Aqua watched and we lost for the first time since I started playing.

This was the same Aqua who had a disastrously low luck stat.

"..."

"There's always next time, Kazuma. No need to fret about losing one game!"

Surely, it wasn't Aqua's fault.

Right?

Part 5

When my bond rank with Mitsurugi went up, my strength rose dramatically as well.

Thank you for that, Mitsurugi.

I noticed when I woke up the next morning, when I looked into the mirror, that I was pretty ripped now. I didn't look like some Baki monstrosity, but I was certainly more built than the average person.

"With a score of 82, you're on the level of a pro-athlete now, Kazuma-san!"

That was Appuri-chan's explanation.

Apparently, a score of 90 was peak human, the highest an ordinary human could achieve. App-users could go beyond that, and those with advanced classes could even go beyond 100, into truly superhuman territory. That wasn't even considering skills that buff stats and such.

Still, with a strength score of 82, there was a bit of a physical imbalance here. My other physical stats needed to catch up.

There was also the newly unlocked 'Warrior' class to consider. Apparently I passed the required strength score of 70 by a lot already. But I'd still need a score of 90 to unlock the advanced classes like Swordmaster.

Was it worth it to switch over to the 'Warrior' class the next time I leveled up? With 'Adventurer', I could basically unlock warrior skills anyway. At least, I'd assume so. The only thing that would really change was the class title. I asked Appuri-chan about it.

"There are class exclusive features and skills, Kazuma-san! For example, one can learn the [Power Slash] skill with the Warrior class!"

I see. So there were class specific moves that I didn't have access to with just the adventurer class.

"I guess I better get my level up, then."

I thought about calling up Rin, but I didn't want to risk bringing her beyond the first floor.

Instead, I called up Megumin and Darkness, and shook Aqua awake as she was enjoying sleeping on a lazy Sunday.

"...Do we really have to go?"

Aqua said, as she rolled out of bed with nothing on but panties and a tank top.

"Yeah, but first…"

I yanked her panties down and had some fun with her before leaving.

…

…

Once we all gathered in the dungeon, I asked the girls if they were ready to face the second floor boss, the Rookie Killer.

"...I don't know if I'm excited or not. I've just been reduced to a melee specialist, haven't I?"

Megumin said, still upset about the fact that she couldn't use her explosions.

"Well, we learned our lesson from last time. If you blow up the entire population…"

Before I could finish my sentence, I got an idea.

"Wait a minute, I have the [Monster Talk] skill… If Aqua casts some buffs on me, won't it increase my stats and allow me to talk to all sorts of monsters?"

"And how would that help us?"

"I was just thinking about warning some of the monsters that live on that floor. After all, if enough monsters evacuate, then Megumin won't wipe out the entire population, right?"

"Hmm… And what if the monsters don't want to listen to us?"

"Then we just kill them."

It was a simple enough answer, and they didn't argue with that. We were going monster hunting, anyway. The result was going to be the same no matter what.

From how I understood it after observing the kobolds, monsters had tribes and family units. There wasn't a monster hegemony, nor were they all mindless units belonging to a hive mind. The Kobold tribe we faced were just one of many tribes hidden away in the second floor.

There were monsters who belonged in smaller packs, or even acted individually. For example, there were kobolds and goblins who didn't belong in big tribes. These creatures didn't have much in the way of equipment and battle power and were swiftly taken care of. They didn't drop a lot of good loot, either, as they mostly fought with their claws and teeth.

The Rookie Killers rarely hunted in packs, preferring to hunt alone while using goblins as bait. This was what Mitsurugi told me.

And so, we began our diplomatic approach.

The first group of goblins gnashed their teeth at us and prepared to attack us with their daggers.

I held my hand up and said,

"Gobu… Gobu… Gob…"

Megumin snorted once I started speaking the language of the goblins.

"Oi, Megumin… Pffft! Don't laugh at him… He's doing this for you… Pffft!"

Aqua tried to chastise Megumin, but she couldn't help as well.

Darkness took out her phone and filmed me.

"Chris is gonna wanna see this…"

Considering what I did to Chris last time, she'd surely enjoy this footage of me.

The goblins turned to each other after I warned them that a crazy explosion mage was going to destroy the area. They were reluctant to do so, but they eventually packed up their belongings and left.

I was worried that they'd warn all of the goblins in the area, but they had their own disputes and rivalries against other goblin tribes. They were happy to leave the other tribes to their own demise.

"...I guess even goblins have cutthroat politics, huh?"

Megumin said, as we observed the goblin tribe temporarily vacating the second floor.

"Where are all their female human slaves?"

Darkness looked around, waiting for some naked girl to show up in a cage, carried by goblins.

"...You've been reading too much eromanga, Darkness."

Goblins were certainly dangerous, but were they really enough of a threat to capture a female app user who had cheat items and abilities? The only real threat in this area were the Rookie Killers, and those things ate their victims in a literal sense, rather than whatever 'eating' Darkness was thinking about.

Seeing the goblins vacating the area, the Rookie Killer that was using them as bait came down and growled at us. With Aqua's buffs working on me, I managed to speak its language as well.

"Grr… Grrrr…"

The girls started laughing again.

"Wow… Those are some very convincing growls, Kazuma…"

"Are you the type who identifies as a werewolf? You're so cool, Furryma-san!"

"Pffft! A-Aqua, you can't just call him Furryma… Pffft!"

Can the peanut gallery just shut up?!

The Rookie Killer considered my words, then looked behind it, revealing a litter of Rookie Killer kittens following its mother.

"Aww! Can we keep one?"

Aqua said, while eyeing the cute kittens.

It was a good thing the mother couldn't understand her.

We went around the forest, sneaking around and getting more monsters to leave. Once we were sure that we had enough monsters evacuating, we went to the next stage of the plan, eliminating the monsters that were left behind.

I went up a hill that overlooked the forest, but the hill wasn't quite tall enough to set up a sniper post. When I voiced my concerns, Aqua said,

"Oh, I can create a tower for you or whatever, if I have the materials."

"...Do you have a [Carpentry] skill or something?"

"Not really? I'm just talented in a lot of things, you know!"

Now that she mentioned it, she also did things like make a perfect art piece for Kazuto using only grains of rice…

I only wished that she was just as consistently useful when it came to battles. It wasn't a matter of ability, but rather, intelligence.

"I can help you gather supplies, Aqua."

Darkness offered, placing a fist over her chest.

"Good! Hmm… Then maybe you can chop off some logs for me to use?"

"Sure, I can do that… I don't have a saw, though…"

Megumin looked at her greatsword and pointed at it,

"You can always use that. Oh, Kazuma, you can use your [Smithing] skill to make the blade serrated, right?"

"Oh, good idea, Megumin."

"Excuse me?! I'm not going to use my precious weapon as a saw, nor allow you to alter it into one!"

She hugged her greatsword protectively once we made our suggestions.

"Hah? You can only say that once that thing is actually being used as a weapon."

She flinched when I said this and hugged her sword even more.

"B-But I am using it as a weapon."

"When was the last time you hit anything with it? If it's going to be used as a saw, then at least it will have some use."

"T-That is…"

Darkness lowered her head in defeat, unable to argue. She weakly handed over her greatsword and I began to set about using the [Smithing] skill to give the blade a serrated edge.

We then watched her in a depressed mood, sawing away at trees. Still, she was making great progress.

"You make an excellent workhorse, Darkness."

Megumin said, which seemed to make Darkness even more depressed.

I turned to Megumin, who was just relaxing beside me.

"...You keep taunting Darkness, but she's doing useful work right now. What are you doing, huh?"

"Kazuma is also just standing here uselessly with me."

"Didn't you just see me make a saw for Darkness? You're the only one who hasn't contributed yet! And we're doing all this for you and your explosion addiction!"

Reminding her why we were doing all this work, Megumin got a bit nervous and said,

"F-Fair point. So, what should I do?"

I looked at my shortbow. It wasn't the best for long-distance sniping. I'd need something like a longbow.

"Go ahead and see if the goblins left behind a longbow. I can try to alter it to my size."

"...Wait a second, Aqua is building a tower, Darkness is sewing and I'm gonna be left with the lowly task of looting goblins? I deserve a more prestigious task, right?"

"Do I need to keep repeating myself, or what? You can have all your prestige or whatever when you're doing your beloved explosion later! Now, make yourself useful!"

She sighed and went into one of the abandoned goblin encampments. When she came back, she brought me a longbow.

"Oh, it doesn't even need too much alterations."

I said, as I held the longbow.

"Yes, because Kazuma is goblin-sized, after all."

Megumin said, with a smirk.

"I don't want to hear that from you. Megumin is the shortest out of the entire group, after all. Are you sure you're not just projecting?"

"...It's an acceptable size for my age! But Kazuma is a highschooler, so you have no excuse to be that short!"

"I'm not even short?! I'm average size! Besides, look at this!"

I pulled my sleeve up and surprised Megumin with my biceps. Her eyes widened when she saw it.

"W-When did you get so muscular, Kazuma?"

"...Hard work and dedication."

"So it's because of the app, huh?"

I couldn't fool the knowledgeable Megumin. This kind of physique took years to build normally. There was no way a guy like me could get this ripped in a few days.

She went over and squeezed my bicep curiously.

"Oi… Who said you could touch it?"

"You touch my ass every chance you get, and you have the nerve to tell me that?"

"Fair enough."

Speaking of muscles, Darkness already chopped up enough logs for Aqua to use. Aqua also produced tools out of seemingly nothing, even though she didn't have the [Smithing] skill.

"I see that my cheat item is working well."

I said, while looking up at the tower she was constructing.

She looked down with a blank glare.

"...Did you just call me your cheat item?"

"You're the item I chose to bring along, remember? I wonder if I can use [Steal] on you…"

"Don't even think about it."

Thanks to the efforts of Darkness and Aqua, the tower was soon built. I went up the tower with Megumin, my new longbow in hand.

"Oh… Good job, Aqua."

I said, activating [Farsight] to look around the forest.

"Fufu… Marvel at my carpentry skills! You also did a good job, Darkness."

"...Can you revert my sword back to normal now?"

I took Darkness's sword and put it back to normal. Then, I had her and Aqua take their positions at the bottom of the tower, while Megumin and I stayed up.

"Are you ready, Megumin?"

She grinned and pointed her staff at the forest.

"Of course I am!"

She flipped her cape and held her staff high.

"...Explosion!"

Thanks to her gaining levels, the explosion was larger and more destructive than the last time I saw it. Trees fell, smoke rose and fire spread through the forest as screams rang out. Monsters all came rushing out of the burning forest, as Megumin fell down, slumping against the railings of the sniper platform.

"...Ah, that's the best feeling ever!"

Megumin said, letting out a satisfied sigh.

I looked down at the two below and yelled,

"Oiii! Time for you two to deal with the stragglers!"

"Hahaha! Come here, you mooks! [God Blow]!"

"E-Even I can hit a few injured monsters! [Side Slash]!"

Darkness still missed.

Thankfully for her, there was one goblin who fell down, already covered by wounds from Megumin's explosion.

"...I'm sorry you have to go down like this, but at least I will be releasing you from your pain."

Darkness stabbed the goblin with her sword.

"..."

Or at least, she tried to. The blade landed an inch away from the goblin's head.

Darkness looked up in a panic, to see if we saw her.

For her sake, Megumin and I looked away. Darkness sighed in relief and stabbed down again, only to miss once more.

Let's ignore this pathetic sight for now.

I formed water into the shape of an arrow then froze it with [Freeze].

Holding the arrow with my gloves, I loaded it into the bowstrings and notched the arrow.

Megumin watched the process eagerly.

"...That trick of yours really is cool, Kazuma."

Rather than take the time to line up each shot…

"[Snipe]! [Snipe]! [Snipe]!"

I relied on my aimbot skill and fired off ice arrows all over the place.

I didn't even wait for each arrow to land, or confirm kills, knowing that each shot would land true.

With my mana running out from the consecutive use of [Snipe] and magic…

The increased vision of [Farsight] showed me where the arrows arching up in the air landed.

One by one, clean sprays of blood gushed out all throughout the forest, as the ice arrows found their mark. Headshot after headshot, monsters fell down without even knowing what hit them.

With Aqua and Darkness, mostly Aqua, finishing up the rest, the monsters that haven't evacuated were all eliminated.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, JOJOBRN and 365 others
BoringBone
Sep 24, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 24: Taking Down This Flashing Princess!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 26, 2024
Add bookmark
#444
Chapter 24: Taking Down This Flashing Princess!

Part 1

"Look at all this loot, Kazuma!"

Megumin said excitedly, as we dug through the weapons and items that were left behind by the defeated monsters.

The Rookie Killers didn't leave items behind, but they could be skinned for their pelt, which sold for quite a lot.

"...I can't do it."

I said, unable to handle the grotesque task of skinning an animal. I couldn't even do that for any of the previous monsters I killed, including the first Rookie Killer I faced.

"Hm? If you don't wanna do it, I will."

Megumin didn't even hesitate, taking out a knife and hacking away.

This girl… She was way too wild.

"Let's see… Divided between the four of us, that's… Wow!"

Aqua's eyes practically bulged out as we calculated the amount.

50,000 Yen for each of us… That was half of what Beldia's greatsword sold for.

Maybe I should have skinned that first Rookie Killer after all… And all those monsters…

No, I took one glance at the skinned Rookie Killer and I couldn't handle it. Maybe I'll make Megumin skin monsters for me from now on.

Aside from that...

Your 'Dexterity' and 'Intuition' increased by +2! You have gained enough EXP to level up!

It was time to experiment with changing my class for the first time.

I looked through the list of available classes and saw 'Pervert', 'NEET' and 'Merchant' among them, along with 'Warrior'.

Why were those other classes even there?!

I could always switch back to the adventurer class, so I went ahead and switched to 'Warrior' for now.

"...I don't notice anything different."

"Well, you haven't done anything yet."

I thought that I'd feel manlier or more warrior-like.

"Uwaa…! Look at all the EXP I gained!"

Megumin had an excited blush on her face as she stared at her phone. Since she exploded the entire forest, I bet she was able to level up once or twice.

"Fufu… I also got a lot of EXP, too."

Aqua said, while also checking out her phone. Darkness looked at her phone and sighed.

"...I didn't even get enough to level up."

Even though those monsters were easy pickings, she only got a few of them.

"Let's go to the next floor, then. I'll restore your mana, Megumin, but don't even think about casting explosion again in the third floor, unless I instruct you to…"

"I'm not as trigger happy as you make me out to be."

"It's because I know your personality that I'm taking this chance to warn you."

I made her promise not to fire explosion, before using [Drain Touch] on the wall as we left the forest, transferring the mana to her. She was able to walk on her own again.

"I want to try some stuff out… Darkness, you tried to use a skill called [Side Slash], right?"

"W-What do you mean, 'tried'? I properly did it!"

"Whatever. Can you tell me how you learned it?"

"Well… I learned it from a Bond Rank from Kazuma, actually…"

"Of course you wouldn't learn such a skill on your own."

"What does that mean?!"

If she was able to learn it from my bond rank, that meant that I was probably able to learn such a skill, now that I had the warrior class, right?

"Let's find some monsters. I want to try some stuff on them."

Aqua casted a bunch of buffs on me, just to ensure that I didn't get harmed while experimenting.

When we saw some Skeletons, I took out Chunchunmaru and I swung it in a wide arc, cutting one of the skeletons down.

"[Side Slash]!"

For further emphasis, I made sure to yell out the name of the weapon.

However, nothing happened.

"Um, Kazuma, it actually says that you need a two-handed weapon to use this skill…"

"Tell me that beforehand!"

Megumin and Aqua laughed at me, before Aqua quickly got rid of the other skeletons with her holy magic.

"Let me borrow your greatsword, Darkness."

"..."

"...? What's the matter? Are you really so selfish? Why are you hesitating?"

"If Kazuma can use my greatsword better than I can… That will just make me upset."

"That's your fault, isn't it?! Why do you even insist on using a weapon you can't use?! A shield and shortsword will suit you better!"

That way, she could just block attacks with her shield and stab enemies at close distance. I doubt that even she could miss using such a combat-style.

"Fine! I'll let you use it, so stop yelling at me!"

Even Darkness got her feelings hurt sometimes.

I found a group of zombies this time. However, I noticed that there were dark strings around them, and there was a dark being that was like an animate shadow floating in their midst.

"...What is that scary looking thing?"

Undead Controller

It is the vengeful spirit of a necromancer that has become an undead himself. This being can control undead and empower them.

[Lore Reading] told me about the monster…

It would have been quite a scary monster to fight, if we didn't have an Arch-Priest with us.

"Aqua, bless Darkness's weapon."

"You got it!"

Darkness's sword started glowing a bright light.

"Oh… Kazuma, you look like a proper Crusader right now."

Megumin said, which caused Darkness to pout.

"Um… I'm a real Crusader, Megumin…"

"Oh, right. I forgot."

"You forgot?! Kazuma give me my sword back!"

I ran towards the undead before Darkness could take her sword back.

I couldn't use such a weapon when I had low-strength scores but…

This time, I easily swung the greatsword, cleaving through all the undead at once. The holy blessing on the blade also allowed me to cut through the Undead Controller. It let out a shriek before it faded away.

You learned the [Side Slash] skill!

[Side Slash] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp cost)

A horizontal slash that can get up to three enemies at once. Applies weapon damage by half to each enemy beyond the first that is hit. Requires a two-handed weapon.

I stared at Darkness and said,

"Oi, this skill allows you to hit multiple enemies, but you can't even hit one with it?"

This time, tears gathered around her eyes.

"Stop teasing meeee!"

She let out a pitiful cry.

Part 2

We advanced deeper into the third floor, while I also tried to unlock other skills.

"Hahhh…!"

I raised Chunchunmaru and swung down as hard as I could at the Skeleton Knight in front of me. Even though the Skeleton Knight had a helmet, I bashed through it with the powerful attack.

You learned [Power Slash]!

[Power Slash] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp)

Attack your enemy with an empowered slash from any direction. Deals +1 slashing damage.

Megumin and Aqua clapped as I successfully learned the skill, while Darkness could only look on with a conflicted expression.

"I am proud that Kazuma is making progress, but…"

Seeing me land attack after attack was doing numbers on her self-esteem.

"We each have a role to play. Megumin and I are the DPS, Darkness is the tank and Aqua is the healer. You don't have to worry about not hitting attacks."

Darkness gave me a hopeful look.

"R-Really…?"

That wasn't really the case, but I said it just to improve her mood.

Although, I couldn't deny that I wouldn't have explored this far into the third floor if Darkness wasn't around. She soaked up so much of the enemy's attention for us. All Megumin and I had to do was attack when the timing was right.

Speaking of Megumin, while the others all beat the dungeon boss, they each received a random loot box.

Aqua got another 'loser' popsicle stick, while Darkness got an armor repair kit that she could use on the Adamantine armor she recently acquired.

Meanwhile, Megumin…

"This is way too fun!"

She said, as she blew up an ogre's head into a bloody pulp.

She got an item enchantment for her staff that applies, what I can only describe, as a mini-explosion when she hits something with her staff.

The explosion wasn't big enough to cause a cave in, or anything, but it was enough to keep Megumin entertained. It was also a deadly enchantment that allowed her to one-shot most of the enemies she whacked over the skull with it. I had to be careful that the monster parts didn't land on me, though.

"...How come Megumin gets such a cool item? I keep getting those stupid loser sticks!"

Aqua said, bemoaning her low luck.

"I-I'm pretty satisfied with my reward."

Darkness said, as she walked around in shiny adamantine armor. I could repair it for her, but the item did a better job in repairing the high-level equipment.

"Wait a minute… Why didn't you open the box for me like you did with Rin, Kazuma?!"

I gave her a blank stare.

"...In case you forgot, I was opening the boxes for Darkness and Megumin, but you got impatient and opened yours! I hope your goldfish brain remembers that next time you get another loot box!"

"Just remind me next time!"

She's so unreasonable.

I just reminded myself how good it felt inside her, and how beautiful she looked without clothes on, so I wouldn't lose my temper.

Aqua managed to calm down a little. Then, we pressed on.

"Hmm… There's a lot of diverging paths here, like last time."

I said, while looking at the diverging paths we encountered before finding the sand-covered third floor boss area.

"Well, it's even trickier now..."

Megumin squinted her eyes as she looked at the corridors that changed since the last time we went through them.

Mitsurugi drew a map for us, but this particular area of the dungeon had a special property: transforming paths.

The dungeon would regularly change where the paths lead to, in order to catch app-users off guard. This was one of the trials the dungeon gave to app-users, to prepare them from the trickery of the Demon King army.

"Which path should we choose…? Let's do this one!"

"Hold it."

I held Aqua in place before she could go through a path with no plan.

We had a useful informant that we could exploit… I mean, ask advice from.

We headed back to the Tranquility Girl.

"Ah… Friends… Wel… come… back…"

"Still keeping that act up?"

"...Sorry, force of habit. Watcha want?"

She went back to her natural, crude self.

"I need you to guide us through the diverging paths. You know about the dungeon, right?"

"Yeah, I do. I can draw up a map for you…"

"You know how to draw maps, huh? What a useful monster."

Even though she initially acted so helpless.

I gave her a piece of paper and a pen and watched her draw a map for me.

"...How can we be sure that she's doing this properly?"

Megumin said, eyeing the Tranquility Girl.

"Darkness, send a text to Chris. Tell her that if we don't come back, there's a certain Tranquility Girl who might know where we ended up…"

"A-Ah… I think I made a mistake with this map? Hehe… Do you think I can have another piece of paper?!"

The Tranquility Girl hurriedly ripped up the first map she drew.

We carefully watched over her as she drew up the second map.

With the map the Tranquility Girl drew, we went back to the diverging paths and followed her directions.

"Hmm… I'm not sensing any traps, so it seems like she told the truth."

I said, holding the map in front of me while we carefully proceeded.

"Kazuma is good at threatening people, after all."

Aqua said, as if that was a good thing.

We made a series of turns through the diverging paths. On the way through the maze, we encountered more enemies.

"What the heck are these?! Why are the torches moving!"

Aqua yelled, as she ducked behind Darkness.

The torches that normally lit the way for us flew from the walls and started shooting us with small fireballs.

"Hot! Hot! Hot!"

Aqua and I used our water magic to douse the flames.

If we didn't have [Heat Resistance], those things might have done more damage to us.

"Hold on, Megumin, don't start hitting them."

I said, as Megumin prepared to whack them with her staff.

With the explosive enchantment on her staff, the torches might regain their flames if she hits them.

Instead, I dashed forward and tried to cut them down as fast as possible.

I wasn't intending to, but that action unlocked a skill.

[Flash Attack] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp cost)

Quickly dash forward along with your attack. Dash effectiveness depends on your 'Speed' (68).

I was learning all sorts of attack skills after unlocking the warrior class.

We gathered up the torches and checked how much we could sell them for. Rather than normal torches, these were animated torches that each sold for 3,000 Yen.

"We're making so much money. Hehe…"

"Not to mention all the EXP!"

Aqua and Megumin were very happy about our dungeon crawling progress. With the Tranquility Girl's help, we were making good progress in the diverging paths. It wouldn't even surprise me if we found the boss area again on the same day.

Part 3

"It says here that we should be out of the diverging paths soon."

I said, while checking the map.

Then, my [Enemy Detection] gave me a strong warning.

This was the strongest one I've felt so far.

"...I'm not imagining it! I smell a man!"

"Now that you mention it… I think I smell a man as well…"

It was a pair of female orcs.

I looked behind me, but there was nowhere to run with all the turns and curves along the diverging paths.

Those female orcs would catch up for sure.

So, in order to deal with them quickly…

"[Flash Attack]!"

I panicked a little bit and attacked them as soon as they came into view.

"Kazuma?! I know you're scared, but you should calm down!"

Megumin said, as I dashed forward at great speeds to stab one of the female orcs on the arm.

"Shut up! If these were male orcs, you wouldn't be so calm right now!"

"Yeah, I'd be excited…"

Darkness said, drooling at the thought.

"Oww! You almost took my whole arm off! …I like this man! He's strong… We'll surely give birth to lots of strong babies!"

"Get away from me, you female perverts! [Power Slash]!"

How these attack skills work is that you start the motion, then the skill will take over and automatically control your body.

This is very helpful to those who were inexperienced when it came to using a weapon. But it also meant that the attacks were somewhat predictable.

An intelligent enemy could counter the attack.

"Huff! That was a good attack, darling!"

The female orc raised her buckler and blocked the [Power Slash].

They both had shortswords and bucklers, and they seemed pretty skilled at using them.

They probably used those skills to subjugate men and violate them…

That said, I was able to calm down and return to our formation once my attack was blocked.

The female orcs called out to the girls behind me.

"Oi, you females can leave… We don't care about you."

"We're not just gonna let you violate Kazuma."

Megumin said, raising her staff.

"He's gonna break after the first hour! No way we'll let you touch his fragile body!"

Aqua was also defending me, but there were a bunch of unnecessary insults added in.

"Um… Yeah. We'll stop you."

Meanwhile, Darkness was completely unmotivated, seeing how the orcs didn't even spare a glance at her body.

"Kazuma, huh…? Kazuma-kun, you seem to be very popular with females… I bet at least one or two of them have feelings for you…"

All the girls ended up blushing and glanced away.

"...What is this orc saying? Oi, Pork Chops, you shouldn't talk about matters you know nothing about."

The female orc didn't seem offended by Megumin's insult. They both just laughed.

"Tell you what. We're all females here. Why don't you come with us to our village? We can capture your Kazuma-kun here and we'll let you have your way with him, too. I'm sure you're all interested in that, right?"

What the hell were these pigs saying?!

I cautiously looked behind me, to see if they would actually be interested.

"Hah… What a ridiculous proposal… As if I would let Kazuma be captured and degraded by the likes of you!"

Darkness said, rage in her voice as she pointed her greatsword at the female orcs.

Darkness…!

For once, she was saying something reasonable!

I waited a few moments.

"...Hm? Where's the punchline?"

"There's no punchline! I was being serious!"

The female orcs sighed when they were rejected.

"Sigh… Even though we offered to share him with you… Well, we can always capture you all to act as Kazuma-kun's concubines…"

"Come again?"

Darkness lowered her sword.

"Oi… Darkness-san? What did you mean by that?"

"Well… They said something interesting…"

The word 'concubine' caught her interest. The female orc continued,

"We learned our lesson after we… 'broke' our previous toy. It would be in our best interest to take care of our toy's well-being. Rather than being rough in bed, we should treasure our toys…"

"That's fine and all, but what was that about us being his concubines?"

Darkness refused to let that subject drop.

"Aside from physical well-being, we also figured it would be best to maintain the morale and mental health of our toys. That is why we also decided to capture beautiful human females to act as the toy's concubines… After all, we do realize that human males are normally repulsed by our appearances."

She got that right.

If I was still a virgin, I might have considered this for a bit. But now, I was having sex with Aqua every night. Why would I be interested in being given the VIP treatment by the orcs?

However, there was still a very desperate virgin in our group.

"...Kazuma, aren't you the type who'd want this kind of deal?"

"No way."

She actually tried to convince me.

Megumin glared at Darkness and said,

"Darkness… Don't let your depraved fantasies get in between your friendship with Kazuma. He's looking at you like you're trash now. And I can't say I blame him."

"Thank you very much for those scornful looks."

Why was she thanking me?

Still, it seemed that Darkness managed to calm down.

"It was a wonderful offer… But I'll have to refuse."

There was nothing wonderful about it.

"Che! Fine, then we'll just have to do this the hard way!"

"Get him!"

Darkness stepped in front of me and took on the attacks of the female orcs.

They used their shortswords to slash and cut her armor, but the new adamantine armor she had didn't even receive any scratches from their attacks.

Megumin and I took this opportunity to attack.

I wanted to try something after the predictable [Power Slash] got blocked.

Since the female orcs were distracted with Darkness, this was a good opportunity for me to experiment.

I held Chunchunmaru by the grip and lowered myself into a dynamic stance.

With a burst of speed, I dashed forward using [Flash Attack].

Using [Quick Draw], I swiftly unsheathed Chunchunmaru with a flick of my hand.

Then in the same moment, I used [Power Slash].

Silver steel made a lunar crescent of violent light as I cut the Female Orc across her chest, faster than she could react.

The orc's ally turned her head to watch her comrade fall, giving Megumin the opportunity to smash her head with the staff. Flame and smoke blasted out from the red crystal on Megumin's staff, making blood and skull fragments spray everywhere.

I sheathed Chunchunmaru again as our two foes fell. Megumin looked at me in admiration.

"Whoa! Kazuma, you were really cool there! What did you do?!"

"Well, I wasn't sure if it was gonna work, but I just combined a bunch of skills at once."

[Power Slash] was predictable on its own, but combined with [Quick Draw] and [Flash Attack] made it near impossible to block.

"As expected of Kazuma. You probably used your vast otaku knowledge to come up with some exploit, huh?"

Aqua wasn't incorrect, but for the sake of my pride, I wouldn't confirm it.

"Kazuma, please teach me how you did that!"

Darkness said, clutching my arm and looking at me with pleading eyes.

"...A girl as clumsy as you would just end up hurting us or yourself if you attempted any combos. Why don't you work on your 'Dexterity' scores instead?"

"You're ruthless!"

I thought she'd like that, but she started tearing up instead.

"Kazuma-san… It seems you invented another new skill no one else has unlocked before."

Appuri-chan said, getting my attention.

[Combo] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

When using attack skills together, decrease the mana consumption of each skill by 1 point.

Was I seriously the only one who thought about combining different attack skills together?

Were the other app-users all normies with no video game knowledge? No, there were clearly some otaku among the cheat users I saw abusing their abilities in the nationals.

"It's because you're the biggest otaku loser there is, Kazuma-san."

Appuri-chan couldn't help but sneak that diss in.

Part 4

Once we escaped the diverging paths, the stone makeup of the dungeon transitioned into sand. First, there were only a few drops of sand on the floor, until eventually, the narrow corridor led to an open entrance and we felt blistering heat from the Coronatite generator in the faux-sky. When we stepped out of the opening, we saw a seemingly endless stretch of sand.

Smooth plains of sand rose into breathtaking dunes. Rippling lines formed by the artificial wind swept through the sand, slow waves that trailed off into the horizon. A large serpent slithered underneath the sand, sending up sparkling grains in its twisting journey, its scales radiating the pervading Coronatite glow in a reflective lattice of oblique diamonds. The faux-sky was a soft, unchanging blue.

"It's hot in here…"

Darkness wiped her brow, suffering the most as she was wearing her armor.

"Just put your armor away in your inventory."

I said, while also hoping to see her sweaty clothes sticking to her skin.

"I refuse. Well…"

She wasn't refusing to avoid my gaze. Rather, she seemed conflicted about wanting to suffer through the heat or having me gawk at her form. It was a masochist's dilemma.

"Another open space, which means another chance to use explosion…"

Meanwhile, Megumin was only concerned about one thing.

"Relax… Mitsurugi told us about this area, right? The boss isn't something that you can just blast away with explosion and the whole thing will be resolved."

It was doubtful if we could even hit them, even with explosion's wide area of effect.

Just as I was thinking that, we heard the sound of trampling feet in the distance. But the sound became closer in an instant, showing the incomprehensible speeds of the approaching creatures. A cloud of dust and floating sand particles followed their arrival, as well as a trail of golden streaks of light.

"Skeeee! Skeee!"

It was quite a surreal sight, seeing bipedal lizards about the size of a human running at great speeds. What's more, there was a lizard ahead of the pack that was running at a speed that the eyes couldn't even detect, only manifesting as a trail of golden light that blitzed past our vision.

These creatures were called Lizard Runners, and the floor boss was a mutant variant of a female Lizard Runner, which was called a Flashing Princess Runner.

Male Lizard Runners normally competed for the mating rights of the Princess Runner by trying to catch up to the princess in a race. However, with these mutant variants in the dungeon, the poor Male Lizard Runners had no chance of catching up to the Princess Runners that couldn't even be seen by the naked eye while she was sprinting.

Mitsurugi told me that app-users normally give up on this floor, choosing to hunt the other creatures in the desert instead to gain levels, or just straight up skipping the level and advancing to the next floor. That was because most app-users, unless they had a very specific ability that gave them equal, or greater speed to the Flashing Princess Runner, didn't have any hopes of catching up to it.

"What do we do? Should we set up a bunch of TNT to stop it?"

Aqua gave me a suggestion that was something out of an old cartoon.

"...I guess Kazuma's right. I can probably kill the males with explosion, but that golden thing is too fast."

Even Megumin wasn't confident that her explosion could finish the job.

"...Maybe my [Taunt] will work? But I don't know if we can even capture that thing… Let's still try, though!"

I bet Darkness just wanted to be surrounded by a pack of males in heat. She didn't think she actually had any real chance of catching the princess, rather, she wasn't interested in the princess at all.

"It's not gonna go how you expect it to, Darkness. Besides, these things are herbivores who don't generally attack people. The [Taunt] will work at the start, but eventually, they'll just ignore you and continue chasing the princess."

"That has its own charms…"

Her perversion sure was flexible. Or maybe she was just that desperate.

Something tells me that maybe I should take care of those depraved needs of hers before her degeneracy costs us our lives. She was pretty useful and dependable when she wasn't perving out, after all.

Actually, talking about the Lizard Runner's eating habits and relatively harmless nature got me thinking about something.

[Lore Reading] showed me that the males had the potential to evolve through EXP, rather than a special condition like the Kobold Hero. I doubt that this evolved version was individually powerful enough to take on the mutant variation of the Princess Runner, but if enough of them grouped up to catch up to the princess…

…That might give us the chance to corner the princess.

"I have an idea."

After the success of the last plan, the girls attentively listened to what I had to say.

Part 5

"...These things sure have multiplied since Chris and I planted them."

I said, looking at the Green Onion farm we set up for the Giant Toads."

Aqua was eager to show off her knowledge about the dungeon.

"That's because the plants use the dungeon's nutrients to grow!"

She only knew random trivia about the dungeon, never anything useful. Even though she supposedly helped create it.

"Well, there's enough Green Onions now that we can probably take the fences down. Darkness, if you will?"

"...Why does manual labor fall to me by default?"

"Put that slutty body of yours to use, whore."

"Kuh! Yes, master!"

I spoke in a language she could understand and she went to work right away.

"It's kinda scary how you figured out how to get Darkness to do what you say."

Megumin said tonelessly as we watched Darkness uproot a fence effortlessly.

"I also figured out how to handle you."

"...I'm not that easy."

"Then, I guess I won't bring you to this awesome spot I found for explosions…"

"Do you need me to do something for you, Kazuma?"

She was even easier than Darkness.

Once Darkness finished her task, we hunted a bundle of Green Onions for our use, capturing them as they tried to escape once freed from their prison. Then, we watched the Giant Tadpoles bouncing over, attracted by the smell of the food.

"They're kinda cute when they're only the size of a cat!"

Aqua said, smiling as she let one flop into her arms, a matching blue tadpole that squirmed as she hugged it.

"Oh, there's a black one, too! I like the imperious look on its face."

Megumin corralled one in her arms as well, a rather snobby looking tadpole.

"T-This yellow tadpole looks like it has great potential… Quickly grow big, little one."

Darkness held one as well, although she didn't seem to have innocent intentions like the others.

Since it was a cute image, I took my phone out and took a picture of everyone holding their respective tadpoles.

After that, we took our Green Onions and let the tadpoles eat their food.

On the way to the desert area, we came across the Tranquility Girl once more.

"Ohh! Are those Green Onions?! And a lot of them, too… Can I have some?"

"No way."

I knew that Tranquility Girls could evolve into Tranquility Queens. This wily one was probably hoping we didn't know that.

"...Relax, I'm not trying to trick you. Don't you think that I can help you better if I am evolved? For example, if I manage to evolve into the very rare Tranquility Queen, I can spread my roots to other areas of the dungeon and gain more information for you… I can even communicate with other Tranquility Girls, who will assist you on your journey as well…"

"So you're trying to form a hivemind. I know where you're going with this."

Did she think I wasn't aware of such developments in fiction? Besides, I made the mistake of allowing a monster to evolve into an incredibly OP version before. I wouldn't make that mistake again.

Well… I did have an idea regarding that.

"Say, Tranquility Girl, if you form a bond with me, I might consider it."

After all, the bond rank descriptions will outright tell me if she was planning to stab me in the back, or was sincere about her loyalty to me.

I mean, she did try to sabotage us with that map before I threatened her.

Aqua sighed at my suggestion.

"Kazuma… Why do you think you can even form a bond with a monster?"

"Well, you did say that only those with potential to enter the dungeon can have individual bond ranks."

"Yeah, but this is a monster of all things!"

I was even able to bond with a succubus… Although I didn't want to let Aqua know about that.

"And even if you say you want to bond with it, how can you even start a bond with a plant monster? It's not like you can force a bond link."

Megumin said, bringing up a good point.

The blacksmith didn't want anything to do with me, and I couldn't form a bond with him. Bonds weren't something that could be forced on people.

"Well, I can just try and spend time with the Tranquility Girl. If nothing comes of it, then it's fine."

The Tranquility Girl eagerly nodded her head.

"Anything to prove my loyalty!"

She sure sounded convincing. Well, that might just be part of her plan.

"If we're going to try and bond with her, shouldn't we give her a name? It's kind of strange to call her 'Tranquility Girl' all the time."

Darkness also seemed pretty interested in bonding with it. Did she perhaps envision a future where the Tranquility Girl would evolve into a mature, dominatrix type of Tranquility Queen who uses her vines as whips and bindings?

She did have a point about giving the Tranquility Girl a name, though.

"How about 'Deadscream Bloody Mary'?

Aqua said, producing that name seemingly out of nowhere.

"...What kind of name is that?"

"Oh, come on! It sounds cool, right?"

"It does sound kind of cool."

Megumin said, nodding along.

The two with the worst aesthetics among us collectively agreed. Darkness and I didn't seem impressed at all.

"...We can call her Mary, maybe."

Darkness said, offering a compromise.

"Humu. I like the name Mary. It has a tone of subservience to it, which would fit the Tranquility Girl if she is to be our servant."

It sounded like a generic name you'd give to a maid, like how a butler would be named 'Sebastian.'.

"...You guys can call her Mary. Megumin and I will stick with Deadscream Bloody Mary."

"Fufu… You have good taste, Aqua."

The two of them shared a high five.

"Mary… Friends… Give me… Name…?"

The newly named Mary went back to her innocent, lost act.

"Sorry, force of habit again. I don't mind if you guys call me Mary."

"Maybe we should give her a maid uniform to wear, too."

"...I'm not a doll."

Mary gave me quite the cold glare.

Part 6

We returned to the desert area without having to fight more monsters, as we cleared the ones blocking the route the Tranquility Girl showed us.

The Lizard Runners were still at it, chasing after the elusive Flashing Princess.

"Those guys don't give up, huh?"

Megumin said, observing the tenacity of the males.

"I understand their struggle."

I said, giving a salute to my fellow men.

Although I shared a secretive look with Aqua immediately after.

"So, how are we gonna get them to eat these?"

Darkness said, holding her bundle of Green Onions.

"You know how in marathons, people hold out drinks for the runners? We'll do that."

We all lined up in the path of the Lizard Runners, holding out Green Onions in front of us.

"...I feel silly doing this."

Aqua said, as she held her arm out.

"Just make sure the princess doesn't eat it."

"Then why did you make us hold our arms out like this?! We should just wait for the princess to pass first!"

I only made them do that because it was hilarious seeing them holding out those Green Onion stalks.

Soon, we heard the Lizard Runners coming through.

"Kreee!"

A blazing beam of light shot ahead of the pack of horny males.

…I almost felt bad for what would happen to the Princess once a male caught up to her. And with how sexually frustrated these guys were, I doubt that they'd let the one who captured the princess have her to himself. They'd probably all want a piece after chasing her for so long.

This was a scenario that Darkness would kill to be in.

When the Princess passed by us in a blur, the girls held their onions up.

"Free Green Onions for the tired runners!"

"Green Onions! Get your Green Onions here!"

"Line up and get your Green Onions!"

Rather than a marathon, this seemed more like a marketplace.

The Lizard Runners snatched up the Green Onions as the girls held them out, quickly replenishing the stalks so that as many Lizard Runners as possible ate them.

Thankfully, since these Lizard Runners were at the peak of their chase, that meant that they just needed one final push to evolve.

We were prepared to keep coming back in case they didn't evolve yet, but we came at a convenient time.

"Skreeee!"

After a flash of light, the male Lizard Runners grew longer limbs and developed a more sleek, aerodynamic appearance. They lowered themselves and sped towards the Flashing Princess with almost triple the speed they were running at before.

"Skreee?!"

The Flashing Princess was surprised as the Lizard Runners were slowly catching up to her. Then, they managed to steer her into a dead end, caught between two large dunes. She had no choice but to turn around, however…

…A male Lizard Runner managed to tackle her down.

"Skreee~!"

The Male Lizard runner who tackled her down made a happy squeal as he pinned her down and mounted her.

…From then on, a brutal scene like something from a nature documentary channel commenced.

"W-Well… This is just the cycle of life and all… I guess…"

I said, as we all watched, shocked at the indescribable scene before us.

"...T-That's a lot more brutal than I imagined."

Even Darkness couldn't find any enjoyment out of it, flinching and glancing away as we heard the Flashing Princess's awful screams.

Not only that, but my fears of the other Lizard Runners joining in came true.

"Kazuma… I'm gonna use explosion now to put her out of her misery."

"Yeah, go for it."

I wanted to find a way to kill it myself, but it would take a while to remove the princess from all those males.

And so, I let Megumin take the finishing blow.

"...Explosion!"

Sand was blasted away from every direction as a great ball of fire expanded from within the pack of Lizard Runners. They were incinerated in a matter of seconds.

"...Wait, what if those Lizard Runner scales were some legendary loot?! Why did we let Megumin destroy it?!"

Aqua said, when she saw that there was nothing left of the Lizard Runners, including the Princess.

"Relax, would you? There's other packs out there. We'll come up with a more efficient way next time."

With that said…

Congratulations! You completed the quest of defeating the third floor boss!

You gained a Random Loot Box!
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, Architman and 378 others
BoringBone
Sep 26, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 25: A Heart-to-Heart With This Tsundere!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 30, 2024
Add bookmark
#467
Chapter 25: A Heart-to-Heart With This Tsundere!

Part 1

I looked at the unopened Random Loot Box that we got for beating the third floor boss.

"Alright, Aqua, make sure to give me yours now instead of opening it."

She looked at me reluctantly.

"Hmm… It kind of takes away the thrill of the gamble if I let Kazuma open it for me, though."

"How is there any thrill when you know you'll get something crappy again?"

She ended up giving me her box, Megumin and Darkness giving me theirs as well.

I opened them one by one. When I opened Megumin's box, we saw a ring inside.

"Here, Megumin."

I said, holding out the ring to her.

Darkness gasped and squealed.

"W-Wow… It almost seems like you're proposing to Megumin, Kazuma!"

"Do you see me on one knee? Ah…"

While I was distracted talking to Darkness, the ring slipped out of my hand and fell on the ground.

"..." x 4.

We all stared at the ring.

Megumin smirked and pointed at it.

"Well, Kazuma? Are you gonna get the ring for me? You dropped it after all."

Aqua smirked as well, relishing in my embarrassment.

"Are you gonna go down on one knee, Kazuma?"

"[Steal]."

I used [Steal] to make the ring appear in my hand.

"Tch. You're no fun."

Megumin said, as I dropped the ring in her hand.

"...Hmm… Doesn't Kazuma seem really embarrassed about this?"

Darkness said, observing the blush I failed to hide in my face.

Aqua peered closer to look at me.

"Yeah, now that you mention it. Hm? I expected you to be embarrassed, but you're totally blushing right now, Kazuma!"

That was because I couldn't forget what Vanir said about me and Megumin, that she was usually the one I ended up with in other universes.

In other universes, I was the type who didn't seek out harems and resolved to be faithful to one girl. And usually, that girl ended up being Megumin.

Thinking about that, I couldn't help but feel really embarrassed when they started teasing me about her.

"Hm, what does this ring do, anyway?"

Megumin said, looking at the ring before she put it on.

"Let me check…"

I used [Lore Reading] on it.

Demon Eye Ring (Very Rare)

Gives the user shining, red eyes. Also increases magic power.
"Ohh…! This is the perfect magic item for me! No need to wear those contact lenses!"

So she admitted that they were contact lenses.

Even though she gave Yunyun such a hard time before for saying they were contact lenses.

She put on the ring and took off her lenses. After a few moments, her eyes started shining bright red.

"I am Megumin! The number one genius of the Crimson Demon clan!"

She did a dramatic pose as her eyes shone red.

Aqua clapped and produced some fans out of nowhere.

"Let me provide some smoke for you with my party trick skills!"

Don't tell me she was using all her Skill Points on party trick skills…

Megumin and Aqua were playing around, with Megumin posing and saying a bunch of chuuni lines while Aqua released smoke from out of nowhere.

Darkness and I stared at them for a while, but we weren't interested in their nonsense.

"Please open my box next, Kazuma."

"Sure thing."

I opened her box and we saw a vial inside. I instantly recognized it.

"Oh, it's a Skill-Up potion…"

"Why are you saying it so quietly, Kazuma?"

I glanced over at Megumin who was still distracted by Aqua.

"Listen, if Megumin hears that you got this, she'll snatch it from you and drink it, so she can upgrade her explosion magic."

"...You have a point."

"So hurry up and drink it."

"Right…"

She drank from the vial and crushed it to get rid of the evidence.

"What should I spend the Skill Point on? Should I improve my [Two-handed Sword] skill, so I can land attacks?"

"No, because your 'Dexterity' is so low that any upgrades to the skill won't do anything."

It was like a drop in the bucket.

"...I guess I'll upgrade [Heat Resistance], then, since it seems like a useful skill."

She upgraded the skill we all learned from eating that awful curry.

It was my turn to open the box, since Aqua was busy with Megumin.

Inside the box, there was another box.

"Oh… I recognize this…!"

It was the Storage Box that Chris showed me before. It was a box that could store items inside it, yet only counted as one item in the inventory.

Storage Box - Very Rare

You can store 10 items inside the box. This box only counts as one item in your inventory.

Sells for: 50,000 Yen

"I got a really good one."

I held the box in my hands. It had a smooth, green surface and felt cool to touch. I opened it and saw the darkness of the pocket dimension within.

Aqua came back from goofing off with Megumin and pointed to her box.

"Alright, open mine next!"

I opened the box for her and we saw an egg inside.

Mystery Egg - Very Rare

This egg will hatch if given mana everyday. The creature that will hatch from the egg is random and determined by the luck of whoever is feeding it mana. The hatchling could be a mighty dragon or a weak goblin.

Sells for: 50,000 Yen

An outrageous item just appeared!

"Humu. If I, who has insane luck, feeds this thing my mana, then it'll grow into a legendary dragon, right? We might not even have to fight the Demon King army directly if we can raise it into a powerful dragon!"

I said, while reaching for the egg.

Only to have Aqua swat my hand away.

"...Oi, what are you doing?"

I looked up at her, blank faced.

"It's my egg, so I should be the one to hatch it, right? I'm the mama, after all."

She was already getting maternal feelings for this thing.

"...Is your reading comprehension that bad? You can clearly see here it says the creature that hatches depends on the luck of whoever feeds it mana. Did you already forget all those failed popsicle sticks you got?"

"This is different this time! Rather than pure luck, I'm sure that the outcome will depend on the quality of the mana! If I, as a divine being, were to pour my holy mana into this egg, then surely a pure and sacred golden dragon will hatch from the egg!"

I decided to ask Appuri-chan to clarify and set things straight for Aqua.

"...Mama has a point! Her holy aura might affect the outcome!"

"Are you sure you're not just saying that because you want to side with your mama?"

"I-I'm not sure what you're implying at all!"

How fishy.

"It's Aqua's box, so she should have a say on what to do with the egg."

Megumin said, which made Aqua give her a side hug.

"Aw, thanks for the support, Megumin!"

"Anytime!"

These two sure got close recently.

Maybe because they shared one brain cell.

I didn't have a choice in the matter since it was Aqua's item, even though I opened it, so I just gave her the box.

Part 2

The next time we set out to kill a Flashing Princess Runner, Darkness and I separated ourselves from the others. I had a rope in my hands, while Darkness stood a fair distance away from me. Megumin and Aqua waited with their Green Onions in hand.

Once the evolved Lizard Runners gained on the Flashing Princess, Darkness used [Taunt] to lead the Lizard Runners away. Then, I threw the rope at the cornered Princess to capture her.

"Sorry about this…"

"Kreee!"

The Princess let out a mournful cry before I swiftly finished it off.

Then I used [Escape] to run away from the Lizard Runners who would be angry once they found out their Princess died.

"And with that, we've all killed a Flashing Princess… Megumin, go ahead and do your thing."

"Roger!"

I let Megumin skin the Princess I just captured and killed.

We didn't want to go too crazy hunting every Flashing Princess, so we moved on through the desert area to find the door leading to the next floor.

"Hah… Walking through this heat was harder than hunting the boss of this floor."

Aqua said, as she poured water on herself using her own spells.

There was still a fairly long stretch of desert we had to cross before reaching the door. The boss areas got progressively larger after the first grass area.

Not only that, but aside from the Lizard Runners, there were other threats in the desert.

"Watch out!"

I yelled out in warning as I sensed an enemy.

The ground shook and the sand shifted in front of us. The surface of the sand broke like a crumbling pastry and a large worm about the size of a railroad car emerged from it. It opened its mouth, and we saw rows of sharp, bloodstained teeth within, extending down in deadly, circular rows down to its throat.

"What the hell is that thing?!"

In terms of appearance, it was probably the scariest monster I had seen so far.

It whipped its head back then surged forward, its vast shadow covering us and the surrounding area.

We dispersed, scrambling to get away from the impact zone. Sand sprayed in all directions as it landed, its teeth tearing through the sand, as it burrowed its way within the sand once more.

"Aqua, cast buffs on us!"

"We're too far apart! You need to come a bit closer!"

"Darkness! Use [Taunt] and buy some time!"

"Got it!"

As soon as the worm emerged once more, Darkness drew its attention with [Taunt]. It attacked her next and she was able to use her sword to stop it from consuming her.

"T-These teeth look awfully sharp…"

"Don't even think about it, you freak!"

I said, as Darkness looked to be contemplating something.

I made my way to regroup with Aqua and Megumin, and Aqua casted a series of buffs on us.

"...Megumin, it's your time to shine."

"...! It's time to debut these Demon Eyes of mine!"

Her eyes glowed from the excitement.

"I'll steer it away from Darkness. Get ready to fire [Explosion] when I give you the signal!"

With that, I ran off in the opposite direction.

"Darkness, undo your [Taunt]!"

As soon as she deactivated it, I took out my Elven Shortbow and created an ice arrow.

"[Snipe]!"

The ice arrow pierced through the worm's body, digging deep and drawing blood. Even if it had a tough looking skin, [Magic Archery] gave me armor penetration to pierce through it. Not to mention that the ice arrow trick just does a lot of damage in general, which was crazy considering how cost efficient it was.

I shot several more ice arrows, getting the attention of the worm. It went for me next, burrowing in the ground.

"Kazuma! I can't hit it if it's burrowing!"

Whether it was on purpose or not, the worm found a way to hide itself from Megumin's explosion.

"...I'm gonna let it swallow me!"

"Say what?!"

"Just trust me! Oi, Aqua, you can create a lot of water, right?!"

"Y-Yeah! Enough to flood a town, I reckon!"

"Do it! Send a flood my way!"

"If you say so… [Sacred Create Water]!"

With a twirl of her staff, Aqua conjured a tidal wave that she guided into my direction.

Then, I waited for the worm to appear.

It broke through the sand and the water as it appeared below me, its agape mouth ready to swallow me whole.

"[Smithing]! [Freeze] x 6!"

I shaped the water into a protective sphere around me, then froze it multiple times just as the worm tried to swallow me.

I heard the worm let out a low groan as it attempted to swallow me. Its teeth couldn't dig through the ice sphere I made around myself.

"[Tinder]! [Smithing]!"

I pressed my finger into the ice and shot a bolt of fire out of the sphere. The fire would change shape into the word 'Go!' from my use of [Smithing].

Megumin recognized the signal and unleashed the full-powered explosion she had been charging. If I wasn't inside the sphere and also inside the worm's mouth, I would have been incinerated beyond repair.

I felt an impact as the worm fell down. The ice sphere was also melting. I carefully removed myself from the worm's mouth, seeing its body parts scattered all over the wet sand.

"You OK, Kazuma?"

Aqua and the others ran over to me as I stood in the middle of the carnage.

"Yeah, I'm fine. Let's just get out of this area already."

"I suppose there's no use looting this thing now…"

"Well, we had no choice but to blow it up."

We continued on to find the door, being wary of any more monsters that might impede us.

Soon, we found the door in the distance.

"Hah… I never thought I'd miss the endless stone tunnels…"

Megumin said, as we entered through the door and found ourselves back in the familiar stone walls of the dungeon. We enjoyed the cool air after suffering through the sweltering heat of the desert.

"Let's not go there again if we don't have to."

I looked at Aqua who was wiping the sweat off her forehead and said,

"We'll have to go through there the next time we wanna come up to the fourth floor, right?"

"Nope! Look at this thing here!"

She pointed at a circular object on the ground. It had a dim, blue glow and seemed to be made out of glass. I went over and tapped my foot on it.

"You have discovered a teleportation point! You can now see and access the teleportation point on the first floor, beside the dungeon entrance of your choice! You can freely teleport to and from the first and fourth floor points as you wish!"

"Oh…! This dungeon isn't as cruel as I thought!"

I thought there would be an insane amount of distance we'd have to travel just to get out.

"Maybe we should have Mary relocate to the fourth floor now, so we don't have to go back to the third floor."

Darkness had a good suggestion for once.

"Can we even relocate her? Her roots are attached to the wall behind her."

"Well, she's a plant, we can find a pot of soil for her to transfer… I guess…"

We had no clue about Tranquility Girl biology and could only make guesses.

"For now, let's go back to the entrance. We did a lot today. Also, Megumin, don't forget that you need to split the earnings for the Lizard Runner scales you gathered."

"Urp…"

She froze in place once I showed her that I didn't forget that at all.

"Oi… Were you planning on keeping it all to yourself?"

"As if you didn't try to do the same thing before, Kazuma."

She was referring to the Kobold Hero's magic sword that I tried to keep for myself.

She eventually gave us the money, which ended up being 60,000 Yen each.

Part 3

We teleported to the first floor and I was prepared to come back home with Aqua.

However, I soon felt a strong grip on my shoulder.

"Hold on. Are you forgetting something? You told me that you found a good spot for my explosions."

Nothing ever slipped past Megumin, huh?

The others all went away, content on ditching me with Megumin.

"...Fine. Just promise me you won't go crazy."

"When do I ever go crazy?"

Was her self-awareness just nonexistent at this point?

With that said, I didn't know where to take her. I was just lying about knowing a good place for her explosions. I guess this is my punishment for being a pathological liar.

Just when I was thinking of a suitable place, I remembered something from my childhood.

My childhood friend and I would often go to the mountains to play. We lived in a rural area, so there was lots of wilderness to play around in. Our parents would often scold us when we came home with a bunch of bruises and cuts on our body.

…In fact, while we were playing around there, we found a grassy field with a bunch of flowers, where we promised to get married when we got older.

I ended up seeing her in the back of a delinquent senpai's bike in middle school, though, so I guess that promise was for nothing.

That event was one of the reasons why I ended up as a NEET. I guess I kind of lost faith in people for a while.

"I think I know a place. It takes a while to get there, though. Won't your parents get mad if you stay out too late?"

"It's fine. If they see how much money I made today, they won't care or even ask where I got the money."

"Oi, oi, hold up. I heard something terrible there."

"Well, let's go, then."

"You can't just brush it off."

We went out of the dungeon and out into the streets. I pointed to a nearby conbini.

"Hold on. It's quite a long trip, so let's buy some food."

"You're paying, right?"

"Yeah, sure."

I didn't even bother arguing this time.

I bought two bento boxes and two drinks for us, everything costing me 2,000 Yen. Megumin reached her hands out to take her bag from me, but I held it out from her reach.

"Oi… What's the deal, Kazuma?"

"...I've been kind of overlooking your family situation up until now, but minding my own business has its limits. I want you to elaborate on what you said about how your parents won't ask questions about you getting a crazy amount of money out of nowhere!"

She glanced away and crossed her arms.

"It's just like I said. The family finances are in such a state that even if their eldest daughter stayed up all night and suddenly came back home with 60,000 Yen from an unknown source, my parents would just quietly accept the money, thank me for my hard work and start preparing the bath for me to soak in."

"What's with that awfully specific scenario?! Don't tell me that happened before?!"

"Yeah, when I gave them the money we got from the Kobolds."

I rubbed the bridge of my nose from the stress. Aqua and Darkness were a handful, but this girl was on a league of her own when it came to problems, it wasn't even funny.

"So are you gonna give me my bento or what?"

I handed her the bag and she snatched it from me.

From there, we went on a train and headed back to the small town I lived in.

It took a while to lead her to the mountains. It was already dark by then. Aside from using the flashlights on our phones, I also had the [Night Vision] skill, which helped me lead Megumin in the darkness. For safety, I held her hand as I guided her through the trees and bushes.

"Here's the spot. Be careful."

I said, pointing to a cliff that overlooked the rest of the forest. In the distance, we could see the lights of the city.

"Whoa. You're right, this is the perfect place for explosion!"

I took out my bento to eat while Megumin held out her staff.

"Explosion!"

She marked the dark sky with a brilliant explosion. I clapped as I watched the fire and smoke expand within the backdrop of the moon and stars.

I went over to her and helped her up as she collapsed on the ground, sitting her beside me as we leaned against a tree. When she regained use of her hands, I handed her the bento box and she wolfed it down. She turned to me with rice stuck all over her cheeks.

"What score would you give, Kazuma?"

"Considering the rice all over your face, I'd say you deserve points taken away."

"I'm not asking you to grade my dining manners. The explosion, grade my explosion!"

"...Hmm… I'd give that one a 90."

"Oh, that's pretty high! Heh… I knew you'd make a good explosion sommelier."

"I still don't know what it means."

"It means you appreciate everything and anything related to explosions! You can tell, can't you? It's not just the destructive nature that makes explosion beautiful. There's also the brightness of the flames and the puffiness of the smoke. There's also how the explosion mixes with the backdrop. It's pure art, I tell you!"

Rather than just dismiss her rant as silly, I tried to consider it from Megumin's point of view. She was a poor girl from a struggling family. One day, she discovered the dungeon and fell in love with explosion magic. It was easy to dismiss her chuunibyou as the typical delusions of an attention-seeking teenage girl, but I could tell that explosion magic represented something deeper to her than that.

"Yeah, I can kinda see what you mean. I do find myself admiring your explosions occasionally."

I noticed that her eyes glowed brighter, red twinkles in the dark that left a crimson trail as she turned her gaze away. That ring made it really easy to read her emotional state, not like she wasn't an open-book before.

"Kazuma, you should be more like this from now on."

"Like what?"

"I like it when you're nice. Well, it's not like I mind it when you're a bit mean. It's actually fun, in a way, to bicker with you sometimes. But I can tell that you're a really good guy deep inside! It's better to just be honest, you know?"

I gave her a mild glare, before poking her head.

"Ow! That's not fair! Attacking me while I can't move!"

"You should stay over at my place tonight. I don't feel comfortable sending you home at this hour. Or if you'd like, I can call a taxi for you."

"...I know I asked you to be nicer, but I didn't expect you to actually listen."

"It's not like I'm being especially nice, or anything. It's just normal to at least offer this much. Mitsurugi would probably book a five star hotel room for you to stay at. I wouldn't go that far."

Megumin stared at me for a while. I said,

"...What are you looking at me like that for?"

"I can't tell if Kazuma is just a tsundere, or if you're just incapable of admitting that you care for your friends."

"Hah? What makes you say that?"

She chuckled and leaned back on the tree, watching the starry night above.

"I mean, a normal person would just accept the compliment and move on. But then you brought up how that Katsuragi fellow would have treated me better. Why is that?"

A flash of my childhood friend on the delinquent senpai's bike appeared in my mind again. Boy, that memory sure kept coming back, recently.

"If we're gonna have a therapy session here, you're the one who needs it the most. I mean, the more I hear about your home situation, the more concerned I get."

"Tsk… Turning this on me, huh?"

I wasn't just bringing it up to evade Megumin's questions. I was legitimately concerned.

Although changing the topic was also an objective of mine, admittedly.

"I'm not being neglected or abused, or anything. We just don't have a lot of money, that's all."

"...But your father has enough funds to make those grenades?"

"Why do you think we're poor?"

Megumin proceeded to tell me a bit about her parents. Her father, who she called Hyoizaburo… I wasn't sure if that was his real name, probably not… was a big military otaku and had an expensive hobby of developing military equipment, like those grenades. I already knew this much, but what Megumin didn't tell us before was that this wasn't just a hobby, he actually tried to make money from it.

"...My dad will try to sell his inventions to the military. Of course, none of them have ever sold."

"Those grenades worked, though?"

"That was because I fixed it."

Megumin's intelligence was high enough that she unlocked an advanced class right at the very start. If it was the same 90s requirement that a swordmaster needed, then that meant that Megumin was on a genius level without any stat training.

"...I guess Megumin wasn't just bragging about being a genius and all."

"Did you doubt me before?"

A little bit.

"And that's really how he makes his money?"

"Well, he has other gigs going on, but it's not really enough to make for a comfortable lifestyle."

"And your mother?"

"She does odd jobs around town, but it's mostly all part-time work."

"I see."

She nudged me with her elbow.

"Well, I told Kazuma about my family. It's your turn to share."

"Share what?"

"Don't play dumb. I'm talking about how you always deflect compliments about how nice you are. It seems like you're being oddly defensive about it, especially when it comes to showing your true feelings about people."

I gave her a disapproving stare.

"It's not like Megumin is honest at all about how you feel…"

It was written plain and simple in the bond descriptions that she was growing a crush on me, after all. Yet, she never said anything about it.

"...This is why I wanted to see those bond descriptions."

I stood up as she tried to snatch my phone from me.

"You've been really obsessed about trying to read our bond description…"

She was even chasing me around all night during the sleepover.

"Hah… Whatever, I can kinda guess what it says, anyway."

She blushed as she gave up on trying to take the phone away from me.

"Hmm… What does it say, I wonder?"

I tried to play dumb, but Megumin looked at me head on.

"...It probably says that I have a crush on you, right? Or at least, I have such growing feelings for you. Something like that…"

I didn't expect her to go ahead and just bring it up.

"Well, um…"

"What's the matter, Kazuma? I'm the one who confessed, so why are you the one panicking?"

She chuckled, maintaining her calm despite how red her face was. Her eyes were also glowing a lot.

"...Yeah, it does say that."

"I had a suspicion. That's why I'm always asking to read it."

She patted the place beside her and I went back to it, no longer having a need to evade her. To my surprise, she placed her hand on top of mine and she looked back up at the stars again.

"So, yeah, I do like you, Kazuma."

"I know."

"...Are you really gonna say it like that?"

What else could I say? It wasn't really a surprise to me at this point.

That app had a lot of advantages, but it really wasn't ideal when it came to forming sincere human relationships all the time. It kind of numbed me from the whole romance aspect with these girls a bit, because I knew how they felt about me before they could even confess. Some of them might not even know they had a crush on me yet. The app just rendered their emotions into data and summarized the depths of their psyche with a couple sentences. There was a cold element to it all.

With that said, I couldn't just complain about it, since I would have never known what to do without the app cluing me in to how these girls felt about me.

Deciding to be more sincere, I looked at Megumin in the eyes and said,

"For what it's worth, it made me happy to learn how you felt about me. And it makes me even happier to hear a direct confession."

She smiled and leaned her head against my shoulder.

"I really do like this kind side of yours, Kazuma."

"With that said…"

I didn't just want to lead her on or delay having to say this, so I took a deep breath and just said it.

"...Um, I'm actually seeing two girls right now. Tee-hee!"

"What's with that 'tee-hee'? Do you think you can just drop that bomb on me and try to act cute to get out of it?"

I must have picked that up from Aqua.

"Kazuma… I knew you were trash, but to think you'd be a womanizer…"

"In my defense, they're both fine with it… Well…"

I wasn't sure if they were fine with it based on what they truly felt, or if it was because of Kazuto's scummy bond reward. I could always ask Appuri-chan, but I was a bit afraid to find out the answer.

"Come on, just spit it out."

I told Megumin about the bond reward, how it allowed me to have 2 girlfriends at the same time.

"...Well, their feelings existed for you even before you got that reward, right? It's not like the app is mind-controlling them."

"But it kind of implies that they wouldn't be fine with this if the bond reward didn't exist, right?"

She pointed at herself.

"Well, I don't count towards that 'two person limit', but I'm kind of considering the idea of joining in."

"...Wait, seriously?"

When I stared at her in shock, she just nodded.

"I mean, I want you all to myself, but I came late to the party. It's not like I can just steal you away from the other two."

Kazuto's stupid advice was actually working, and I kind of hated that.

"...I don't want the reason to be as flimsy as that. Unless Megumin is the kind of girl who thinks that it's fine to do whatever we want since we're young."

"No, not really. I think that there should be strict rules and boundaries in any relationship. If my dad were to cheat on my mom, I'd stop talking to him."

"...So why are you OK with this?!"

"Because I like you. Isn't that enough of an explanation?"

Now it was my turn to blush. It was even more embarrassing with how she was leaning against my shoulder, how I could feel her warmth and her soft breathing patterns.

"...It's not really much of an explanation."

"Let me put it this way. My mom is a beautiful woman who still looks like she's in her twenties despite being much older. Yet she puts up with my irresponsible father. Why do you think that is?"

"...Because of a twisted sense of parental obligation to you and your sister?"

"Wait… Is that really all it is?"

She was trying to convince me of something, but it looked like she was starting to view her mother's loyalty in a different light.

She ended up shaking her head.

"No, I think it's because she wants to stay with him, despite the hard times and all his flaws."

I looked over at her and placed my hand on top of her head, giving it a pat.

"...You should think about it some more, Megumin. It might seem like I'm eager to create some kind of harem, but… Um, you're right, I really do care about you girls. Even Darkness. I don't want to break any hearts here, so please think about it some more instead of just saying 'I wanna join you guys'."

She blinked at me.

"Wow, that's really surprising. I thought Kazuma would take advantage of the situation and try to do lewd things with me?"

"...Do I really seem like the type to do that?"

"No, not really."

She giggled as I put my hand away after giving her a few pats.

"So, who are the other girls?"

"Aqua and a kouhai of mine."

"Wait, Aqua? Wow, that's surprising, considering how much you two argue."

"The fact that we argue so much during the day makes it hotter when I'm balls deep in her at night."

"...That's way too much information, Kazuma."

I couldn't help myself and leaked some rather intimate information.

"By the way… You can't just keep changing the topic forever."

She was still on about that. How persistent.

Well, I guess I might as well just talk about it, seeing how much she talked about herself. It was only fair.

"...Fine. I think I know the reason why. Or, I guess, I remembered the reason why."

Why I'm always putting walls around myself. Why I can't properly express my feelings as easily as other people can.

"Go ahead, I'm listening."

"Well… There was this childhood friend I had, a girl, and we promised to marry each other when we were older."

"That's pretty cute."

"Yeah, until I saw her riding in the back of a delinquent senpai's bike in middle school."

"Ah… So it's something like that."

Megumin was already starting to piece it together, but I went on anyway.

"I actually didn't attend many classes in my first year of highschool because of that trauma. I was a NEET until recently, believe it or not."

"No, I can believe it."

She didn't even hesitate to say that.

"I guess… If you're wondering why I have this emotional block, I think it's because I was rejected like that in the past."

I suppose that was why I acted with a fake personality around Rin. A part of me didn't think that any girl could actually become attracted to my real self. After all, even my childhood friend who I promised to marry rejected me. And that was the main reason why I found myself being attracted to Aqua, because there was no pretense around us. Right now, I felt the same with Megumin, especially after we told each other about ourselves.

"Thanks for telling me that, Kazuma. So I really was right about you. Underneath all the perversion, the braggadocious attitude, you're just a really good guy who cares about his friends."

I was about to underplay her words again, or come up with a joke to avoid having to give a sincere answer. But now that I was aware of this trauma of mine, I caught myself before I instinctively raised a wall around myself again.

"Thanks… I… I do care a lot about you girls."

I felt my face go hot, and my neck started getting moist with sweat. For some reason, I expected Megumin to mock me for admitting that, but she just interlaced her fingers with mine.

"I think I can safely say that the app is not responsible for why so many girls wanna be with you. I can see why Aqua and that other girl are fine with it."

"...Then, what's the point of that bond reward, then?"

"Maybe rather than influencing us, it influences how society will accept you having multiple lovers?"

"That's an interesting idea."

Rin wanted to enjoy this arrangement while we were still young and didn't have to worry about the social implications. But if this app really gave us a pass regarding that, then that would be the ideal scenario.

"Still, I'll take Kazuma's advice and I won't rush into things. It's not like you're desperate for more girls at this point, right? After all… You did say that you… With Aqua, everynight…"

Perhaps I really did share too much information.

Part 4

My parents didn't mind when I asked them if it was fine to let Megumin stay over. Kazuto was enthralled with Megumin as soon as he saw her. After dinner, he pulled me aside and said,

"Hey… Is Megumi-san single?"

"You mean Megumin?"

"I'd prefer to use her real name."

He assumed that she introduced herself as 'Megumin' either as a joke or a nickname, but she sincerely tried to make people think that was her real name.

"...She is technically single."

"Yes!"

"...But she just confessed to me earlier."

"You bastard! Why are you so good with girls?! I don't get it! What do they see in you?! I shouldn't have given you all those lessons! I made you too powerful!"

Those lessons did nothing for me.

In fact, all of the girls who were interested in me saw past the scummy side and saw me for who I was. If anything, those lessons just held me back.

"Wait, nii-san, if she's still single and she confessed to you… Did you reject her?"

He was still clinging to some hope.

"I just told her to give it some time and not rush into things."

"Wow… That's surprisingly mature of you, nii-san."

"I know, right?"

Kazuto needed to do his homework so he went up to his room. Meanwhile, Aqua and Megumin were watching a movie with my parents.

"S-Such high quality! And the screen is so big! You have a state of the art TV here!"

Megumin was thoroughly impressed by our TV.

"Um, thank you, but… This is actually an old model."

"Well, the one we have back home has an antenna and only has 2 channels, including a propaganda channel from some other country."

"E-Eh…? Ah… Surely you're joking, right?"

I sighed and went over to them. It was a tough subject to bring up, but I wanted to help Megumin in any way I could.

"...Megumin, can I tell them about your family?"

Megumin took a while to answer, but she eventually nodded.

"Yeah, go ahead."

Sensing that this was a serious discussion, they turned off the TV as I explained to them what Megumin told me earlier.

"I see… Well, thanks for telling us, you two."

"Yeah, it takes a lot of bravery to tell adults outside of your family about this."

Aqua looked at both of my parents and said,

"...You're not gonna tell the cops and send Megumin and her sis to an orphanage, are you?"

"Of course not, Aqua-chan!"

My parents immediately corrected Aqua's dumbass suggestion.

My mom rubbed her chin in thought before she said,

"...I don't want to meddle in another family's business, but we can support them in discreet ways."

My dad nodded to her.

"Yeah, we can invite them for dinner every night to help with their food expenses. We're not exactly well-off, but we do well enough to buy extra for groceries."

"...And it's not really suitable for a girl's taste, but if Megumin's sister is young, then it's fine if she wears some unisex hand-me-downs from Kazuto, right? We can pretend like we're throwing those out and offer it to them."

I raised my hand.

"I'm also working a part-time job, so I can help out with food expenses, too."

Well, I hadn't been showing up for the last week due to everything, and most of my money came from dungeon activities, but I could use the part-time job as a front.

…Does this technically count as money laundering?

Megumin looked touched by all of our suggestions. She smiled at all of us.

"...Thank you very much, everyone."

Despite the wholesome atmosphere, Aqua looked pretty nervous.

"Um… Is my allowance gonna go down because of this?"

Leave it to Aqua to make the whole thing about herself.

Your bond with Megumin has deepened!

Megumin (Explosion Mage), Bond Rank: 6

At Rank 6, Megumin sees you as a pervert with a heart of gold. You are truly kind and caring deep down, even if you pretend like you aren't. You exposed a lot of your true selves to each other and as a result, she's even more sure of her feelings towards you now. Can you become Megumin's hero? Do your best!

Bond Reward: +20 Magic Power

You have unlocked the 'Wizard' class!

"Kazuma… Let me see your bond description about me."

Since Megumin received a notification at the same time, she demanded to see her bond description again.

I had to play keep away from her all night once more.

Part 5

"Senpai… Has that door always been in front of our school?"

Rin said, when we were walking to school the next morning. She pointed to a floating door right at the school's entrance. It was the same door I went to when I met Aqua.

"I guess it's there for you."

Since Rin recently unlocked the app, the door to the heavenly realm appeared once more.

"Can you come with me, senpai?"

"I'm not sure if they'll allow me in, but we can try."

We went inside the door, with Rin following behind me as she was nervous, and I had been through this scenario before.

Instead of an obnoxious blue-haired goddess eating potato chips, we were met with a demure and gently smiling angel.

"Welcome, Himanori Rin-sama… Ah, um… What are you doing here, Satou Kazuma-sama? We don't accept returns…"

She panicked when she thought I came there to give Aqua back. Seeing how Aqua was previously her superior, I understood why she'd panic. She'd also lose out on her promotion.

"Don't worry, I'm just here to assist Rin. You're gonna offer her a cheat item, right?"

The angel nodded and turned her attention back to Rin.

"Indeed… I suppose I don't need to explain the dungeon system to you, since you're already familiar with it. Please go ahead and choose an artifact from this book."

She held a book out to Rin, which floated over to her. Rin excitedly accepted the book and opened it.

"Whoa… There's lots of cool items here!"

I was ready to help Rin pick one out, since she didn't really have the kind of gamer knowledge I did, but she suddenly got excited and pointed at something.

"Wait… What's this doing here?! A 'Magic Tanuki Girl' tail?!"

The angel explained as I peeked over Rin's shoulder to look at the item.

"A lot of our artifacts are based on legends and famous stories. For example, the demon sword Muramasa and the holy sword Durandal. As such, we also have an item that relates to the famous story of the 'Magic Tanuki Girl'."

It was a tail accessory that could be attached to clothing.

"It's not a butt plug, huh?"

"...Why would you assume that, senpai?"

Aside from it being a tail, it also unlocked a new set of spells associated with 'light magic', which was the Magic Tanuki Girl's specialty.

"I'm gonna get this one, for sure!"

Rin said excitedly. This was probably the happiest I had ever seen her.

"Excellent choice! Now, brave hero, I wish you good luck in your battle against the demon king army! If you are able to slay the demon king, you will be granted any wish from heaven!"

"Ohh! That sounds cool!"

Soon, we were teleported out of the heavenly realm and the door disappeared.

"I can't wait to wear this!"

"Probably not a good idea to wear it in class."

"Oh, right…"

"But we can definitely try it out in the dungeon."

"You're the best, senpai!"

I enjoyed watching the bubbly and cute Rin who was happily skipping around.

I was planning on training Rin some more in the dungeon, anyway, so it worked out that she was excited to try out her cheat item.

Plus, I wanted to level up again, so I could try out the wizard class I unlocked after my bond with Megumin ranked up.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, JOJOBRN and 406 others
BoringBone
Sep 30, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 26: A Relocation For This Tranquility Girl!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Oct 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#503
Chapter 26: A Relocation For This Tranquility Girl!

Part 1

"Alright, class, midterms will be at the end of the month, so we're gonna start doing review lessons now. You will also have extended self-study sessions during homeroom."

With my mind preoccupied with the impending demon king army invasion, I didn't even think about midterm exams.

I was sure that I could get a decent grade even if I didn't study too hard, but I didn't want to miss out on potential rewards from doing well on the exam.

At the same time, I had all the dungeon stuff to worry about. I couldn't just dedicate hours of my time to studying. I needed to be efficient about this.

I looked at the class rep and secret idol, Konno Lia.

I had good results while studying with her last time, although she did brush me off before.

Still, I took the chance and went to her desk, putting on my friendliest smile.

"Um, Konno-san, during study period, would you like to study together?"

Konno-san gazed up at me from behind those glasses of hers. Were those real glasses, or did she just use them to hide her identity as an idol?

"...You don't seem to have ulterior motives. Fine, let's do it."

Why did she assume I had ulterior motives in the first place?

I dragged my chair and placed it beside hers and sat down. She glanced at me from the side.

"...Wouldn't it be more natural to put your desk in front of me?"

I suppose it did seem rather intimate, sitting so closely together.

"Not really? Unless you prefer making direct eye contact with each other the whole time."

"Fair point."
We opened our notebooks and started to compare notes. Once again, I was impressed by Konno-san's dedication to her studies and her ability to express concepts easily.

"Hmm… I suppose we can continue this casual arrangement for now. It's rather convenient, after all."

Without saying it, this undercover idol said something that could be interpreted as lewd.

"You prefer to keep it casual, huh? No strings attached?"

I couldn't help myself and replied with something that could also be easily misconstrued.

"Yes… But there's something suspicious about the way you said that."

"Not at all."

I didn't want to have her brush me off again, so I stopped trying to tease her.

Your bond with Konno Lia has increased!

Konno Lia (Idol-In-Disguise), Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, Lia views you as a classmate who she can study for the midterms with. Aside from that, she views you as a creep who was trying to get her to say something perverted. It seems that she's not as clueless as she pretends to be and is keeping a close eye on you.

Bond Reward: +5 Intuition

…Just like last time, she picked out on my intentions. I guess it made sense that her bond reward gave me an increase in intuition.

Like with Rin, Konno-san had an individual bond rank of her own.

But I didn't want to assume that she had the potential to enter the dungeon, since she didn't give me any dungeon specific skills yet.

Maybe I could have Aqua sniff her out one of these days.

I also asked Appuri-chan directly if she could sense anything from Konno-san, after I excused myself to go to the bathroom.

"Hmm… It's hard to say. Mama has better senses than me when it comes to these things. I can't interact much with the world outside of the app, after all."

"...Sniff? Does that mean Aqua can tell who has potential through scent?"

"Yeah, that's why I can't sense potential well, unless they already have the app."

Was Aqua some kind of tracking dog?

…

…

Since we just finished the nationals tournament, there weren't any practices or games in the club for the foreseeable future, especially with exams coming up. Such was the nature of a college-prep school. I met up with Rin instead and we headed to the dungeon after school.

"I'm so excited to try it out!"

Rin was expressing her excitement the entire way there.

Finally, once we made it to the dungeon, she took the tail accessory out of her inventory and clipped it on the back of her uniform skirt.

"Ta-da! How does it look?"

She gave a few spins, making the tail twirl around. I gave her a thumb up.

"It looks very cute!"

"Yay~!"

Aside from the accessory being cute, the main benefit of the cheat item was to provide the user with a new set of spells.

We went into the first floor and soon we encountered a group of goblins…

"[Bright Arrows]!"

Rin gestured with her hand and a volley of arrows made out of light descended upon the goblins, instantly wiping them out.

"Wow… That was incredibly powerful!"

We tried out the other spells she had, including [Light Beam] and [Bright Spark].

[Light Beam] was a concentrated blast of light that was good at piercing through armor, while [Bright Spark] was an AoE attack that also illuminated groups of enemies, making it easier for allies to hit them.

"Those are all useful spells."

"Of course! They're based on the Magic Tanuki Girl, after all!"

She was probably happier about that fact rather than the effectiveness of the magic.

She could probably wipe out all the monsters on this floor, but I had her stop before we faced another depopulation event. That also meant that I couldn't level up like I wanted, but I could just do that another day. I underestimated how many monsters Rin could take out with her cheat item.

While we were there, we went to the Giant Toad area to check up on the tadpoles.

Only to see that they had grown quite large compared to last time.

They weren't the size of the Giant Toads of old yet, but they were still relatively big.

It wouldn't take too long until the app-users could hunt them again.

With that said, I fulfilled the requirements of the quest.

Quest Completed! You gain +2 Intelligence and +2 Willpower!

I took pictures of the Giant Toads and sent them to the others in the group chat.

Megumin: Humu… My little one is growing up well.

Aqua: Awww~! My little Toad-chan is so big now!

Darkness: I hope they keep growing well…

I had a bad feeling as those girls became too attached to those tadpoles from before.

Hopefully this doesn't become an issue.

Part 2

"Um… I need to get through…"

A guy my age wearing leather armor and carrying an axe said to the three girls blocking the way to the Giant Toad area.

"I'm not gonna let you harm my Toad-chan!"

Aqua barked at the guy, who backed away nervously.

It became a problem.

"...It's always something with you girls."

I asked the guy to step away as I dealt with this pain in the ass trio.

"Kazuma… We can't let these knaves hunt down my cute tadpole!"

Megumin said, her arms moving in a strange fashion as she glared daggers at the guy.

"They're newbie app-users who wanna level up. The demon king army could come at any time this week, so stop being a bother and let these guys pass through."

Besides, when I looked past Megumin's shoulder, I saw that there weren't any tadpoles in sight. The area was now filled with mature Giant Toads hopping around. We'd have to capture Giant Insects now to act as food for them.

"...You talk about your cute tadpoles, but they're not cute, nor are they tadpoles anymore."

I tried to move past them, but Darkness got in my way.

"I won't let you harm my precious tadpole!"

"Like I said…"

It was probably their maternal instincts refusing to believe that their precious babies were now grown adults.

I narrowed my eyes at Darkness.

"Oi… I thought you were looking forward to your yellow tadpole getting big, so you can do some freakish play with it."

"I've gotten too attached to it now. I can't view my baby as an object for my sexual desire now!"

She shouldn't view monsters as objects of sexual desire, in the first place.

"And how about you, Megumin? You've only viewed monsters as sources of EXP, so what made you change your mind?"

"...How dare you say that about my precious baby?"

Megumin's maternal instincts seemed especially strong. Was it because she had a little sister?

"And Aqua… You already have that egg of yours. Aren't you content with that? Not to mention Appuri-chan…"

"I've always wanted a big family!"

For some reason, she winked at me when she said that.

"You girls are so excited to protect those things, but I bet they'll try to eat you as soon as they have a chance."

"My tadpole-chan would never do that!"

"That's right! It'll instantly recognize us as its mamas and will never harm us!"

What kind of fantasy world did they live in?

"Then let's make a bet. If the toads don't attack you, then I'll help you girls protect those toads. But if not, then the app-users are free to hunt them."

"Hmph… Kazuma thinks that this is gonna turn in your favor, but you can't break the bond between a mother and her child! Come on, girls! Let's meet our babies!"

Aqua confidently said, as she led the baka trio.

Megumin smiled at the black Giant Toad with the imperious look in its eyes. Even now, it had a regal quality to it as it looked down at Megumin.

"Hey, it's your Megumama here! I brought some treats for you, your favorite Green Onion!"

She held out the Green Onion stalk to the Giant Toad.

The Giant Toad looked at the Green Onion, then its long tongue slipped out towards it.

"Here comes the train! Choo, choo…"

The tongue quickly changed directions and wrapped around Megumin's waist.

"...Ah."

She got dragged into the Giant Toad's waiting mouth, her legs sticking out.

I thought that would have been enough for the other two, but Aqua didn't seem fazed at all.

"Fufu… You sure raised a bad-mannered child, Megumin! My tadpole-chan would never do that to her mother! Right, tadpole-chan! Now, let's cuddle like the good 'ol days!"

She said the 'good 'ol' days, even though it's only been a few days since she first met her 'Tadpole-chan'.

She held her arms out to the blue Giant Toad, waiting for an embrace.

She got an embrace, alright. A tongue wrapping around her body.

Aqua soon followed Megumin's fate, legs sticking out from the mouth of a Giant Toad.

I looked at Darkness.

"Surely you've learned your lesson, right?'

"...That's why I must go."

"Hah? Didn't you see what happened to the other two? Even if you view yourself as the mother of this Giant Toad, it will attack you without hesitation."

"While it's true that I saw myself as this Giant Toad's mother, those illusions have been shattered."

"Then help me free the other two."

"...Now, I've gone back to seeing this thing as an object for my desires again!"

Darkness drooled, before jumping in front of the yellow Giant Toad.

However, instead of sticking its tongue out to capture Darkness, the Giant Toad held its arms out and welcomed Darkness in.

"...Eh?"

A heartwarming sight of the Giant Toad embracing Darkness ensued.

"I see… Well, I guess Darkness actually successfully tamed her toad."

Maybe it was because Darkness was the scariest one out of the three, the Giant Toad's self-preservation instincts activated and Darkness accidentally tamed it.

"T-That's what I wanted at the start, but…"

Darkness was left confused, since she abandoned her maternal instincts and was fully prepared to enjoy some slime play.

As for the other two, they were slowly being consumed by their respective 'children'.

Eventually, I cut open the toads with Chunchunmaru and freed them.

"Wahhh… My dear tadpole-chan!"

Aqua cried over her dead baby.

"...Why does Darkness get to keep hers? Kazuma, kill her baby as well."

"What are you saying?!"

Darkness said, as she was still being embraced by her toad.

Aqua, tears still running down her face, stood up and nodded along with Megumin.

"Yeah! It's not fair if you're the only one who's happy! Kazuma, cut that toad in three parts, so we can all share!"

What am I, King Solomon?

"There will be no toad killing today. I've never heard of a monster being tamed like this, so let's keep it alive and forbid the other app-users from killing it."

If monsters could be tamed, it would be better to study the method behind it. We also needed to tame Mary, after all, so any insight we can learn is helpful.

Part 3

Now that I got rid of the obstacles, I moved the girls out of the way and let the new app-users into the Giant Toad area.

Then, I asked the girls to stick around, so I could gain enough EXP to level up.

"Oh, you're gonna go the Wizard route next, huh? Hopefully you can learn explosion magic someday!"

Megumin said, when I told them about my plan.

There was also the task of relocating Mary to the fourth floor.

On the way there, we set about grinding EXP from the monsters on the second floor.

This time, I didn't have to funnel all the EXP to Megumin, considering the amount she got from the previous times. She was actually a higher level than me now, as she was at level 13.

I also had the objective of learning all the Warrior exclusive skills possible before taking on the Wizard class.

"Appuri-chan, how many Warrior skills have I yet to unlock?"
"Hmm… Well, there's the [Shield] and [Double Attack] skill. You can also spend skill points to increase your [Strength]."

It seems I didn't unlock a shield skill last time, even though I made one out of ice, because it was exclusive to frontline classes like Warrior. And because of my low potential, I couldn't make good use of the ability to spend skill points to raise stats.

"I'll try to unlock those skills, then."

When we came across a group of ghouls, I didn't hide behind Darkness this time, baiting them to attack me with their paralyzing claws.

"...Guhh?"

They let out confused moans as I created an ice shield, their claws sticking into the ice. I finished them off with Chunchunmaru, trying my best to attack twice in quick succession.

"You unlocked the [Shield] and [Double Attack] skills!"

[Shield] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are proficient in using shields. You won't suffer a stealth penalty when equipped with a shield. You also won't suffer a spell failure chance when using shields.

[Double Attack] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp)

Attack rapidly with a weapon twice. The second attack is made with 50% of your weapon accuracy.

Next, Megumin collected the claws, telling me that she'd have her dad make more grenades out of them.

"...When is it my turn to grind up some EXP?"

Aqua complained, seeing how Megumin and I both had our turns soaking up EXP for ourselves.

"I did that with you in the beginning, didn't I?"

"Yeah, but not recently!"

"Listen! Your character archetype is that of an EXP sink! You're one of those clearly bait units that already have maxed out stats from the start, and your only role is to punish noobs who don't know any better and use you just because you're strong! Meanwhile, Megumin and I are clearly late game units that need as much EXP as possible!"

"...I don't get your analogy at all! Why does it matter if I already have max stats! It's not fair if I'm the only one not getting EXP! Darkness can't even land an attack and she gets more EXP than I do?"

"Why am I getting caught up in the insults, too?"

Darkness muttered, as Aqua put her on the spot for no reason.

"Even if you get skill points, you're just gonna spend it on stupid party tricks, aren't you?! Megumin and I actually have a use for our skill points, so let us have the kills! I especially need skill points because I only get one per level up!"

"First I lost my baby, now I'm getting yelled at by Kazuma… Sniff…"

"I'm not falling for your crocodile tears."

I ignored Aqua on the way to the Rookie Killer area.

While we were there, we checked up on the monsters who moved back in. We expected a hostile welcome after we killed half the population, but when we went up to a goblin camp, they stood up and welcomed us with open arms.

"Gobu, gobu!"

Translation: We're so happy to see you again, friends!

"Oh? Why are these little ones so happy to see us?"

Megumin said, as a group of young goblins came over to her with happy smiles on their faces. Megumin patted them on the heads.

"...Don't develop maternal feelings for these goblins, too."

She glanced away from me, already getting swept up by the cute smiles of the children.

An elderly goblin walked over, supported by younger goblins. He had wrinkles all over his green face and had quite a long beard. I suppose he was the tribe elder.

"Gobu, gobu… gobu…"

He then bowed his head to us.

"What's he saying, Kazuma?"

Darkness asked, as she was blushing while surrounded by goblins. Of course, for a masochist, perverted freak like Darkness, she viewed the goblins like an idol or celebrity.

"He's thanking us for getting rid of the other tribes. They have enjoyed more resources and acquired more land thanks to us."

"Well, I'm glad these guys benefited from our little genocidal stunt there!"

Aqua said, while cheerfully shaking the goblin elder's hand.

Was she really a goddess, or a demon in disguise?

The goblins offered us their food, but we weren't really interested in whatever qualified as goblin food. Megumin, however, did take our share and stuffed it into her inventory.

"...Don't call me if you get sick from eating that goblin stew…"

Aqua said, making a gagging sound as she looked at the pot of purple sludge Megumin stored away.

"I'm not picky with my food, unlike you spoiled kids."

For Megumin's sake, I just hoped that the namesake wasn't a reference to the ingredient used for the stew.

Once we made it out of the Rookie Killer area, we sought out Mary.

We went to her usual spot. When we saw her relaxing against the wall, Darkness brought out a pot with dirt in it from her inventory. When Mary saw the pot, she looked up at me with an unimpressed look.

"Um, what's that?"

"It's your moving van. We're moving you to the fourth floor."

"No, thank you."

She resisted the order right away.

"It's a pain in the ass to go all the way here. There's a teleportation circle on the floor above, so just behave and come with us."

"...This wall was where I was born in, and you're asking me to leave, just like that?"

She was like a stubborn old man refusing to leave his residence because a tsunami was on the way.

"Look, you don't have a choice, so just come with us already."

"No means no! If you uproot me, I'll tell the next human that comes here that a guy named Satou Kazuma forced himself on me!"

"Then I'll just kill you!"

I took my sword out after she gave me such a crazy threat, but Megumin placed a hand on my shoulder.

"Didn't you say that you'd try to make a bond with this girl? Why are you so eager to kill her?"

"Oi! You don't know how scary it is to have people think that I forced myself on a plant girl! That's like people thinking that Darkness got off on being played around with by a tentacle monster!"

"That did happen with the Ropers, though."

"C-Can we not talk about that?"

Darkness said, blushing as Megumin reminded her of that incident.

"Hold on, this little one has been pretty cooperative this whole time, right? Why is she resisting us now?"

Aqua said, showing that unusually high intuition of hers.

Mary's eyes flew around the room, trying to avoid our gazes.

"N-Now, now. Is it that weird that I don't want to leave my home? This NEET-looking guy over here seems to know what that's like…"

"I'm not a NEET anymore."

Did I really give that kind of impression on people, even after all this time?

When I thought about it, Mary did seem to understand a lot of Japanese lingo. One of her previous victims must have taught her those things.

This wasn't my first time noticing this, but it was the first time I seriously thought about it.

And combined with her suspicious attitude…

I looked at the ground beneath us.

"Alright, start digging down."

"Wait?! Didn't you hear me last time?! My roots are connected to the wall, where the hidden treasure room was! There's no point digging beneath me, right?!"

I made an ice shovel and handed it to Darkness, who started digging up dirt. Mary started panicking the deeper Darkness got.

Like she said, there were no roots underneath her, but…

Eventually, we came across a skeleton wearing steel armor. The whole thing was covered by green, sticky mucus.

Mary glanced away as Darkness brought the skeleton out.

"Hmm… This mucus… Ah, maybe that's why the dungeon isn't absorbing the skeleton right now."

Aqua said, while studying the mucus.

Since the mucus belonged to a monster that was still alive, the dungeon left the corpse alone instead of converting it to biomass.

"Oi, didn't we make a deal that you wouldn't harm any app-users?"

I figured that she was hesitant to leave because she didn't want us to separate her from her snack.

"I didn't! This is an old corpse! You can tell by looking, right?!"

Certainly, there was nothing there but bones now.

"...Then why did you keep this around? And why were you so intent on hiding it from us…?"

Mary's face went red. I didn't even know a plant like her could blush. What kinda pigmentation allowed for that?

"W-Well, he was my first time, so… I wanted to keep a little memento of him!"

That could be easily misinterpreted.

…Well, maybe not.

"Um… Kazuma, this guy seems to have a cheat item."

Darkness said, kneeling down to grab a dagger belonging to the corpse.

"Don't touch my beloved's dagger!"

Another easily misinterpreted sentence was uttered.

"Wait, can't we just resurrect this guy?"

I said, looking at Aqua.

"We can try, but his soul has probably moved on by now."

Aqua tried to use resurrection magic, but like she said, it didn't work.

"He died in peace, after all."

Mary nodded to herself, as she lovingly gazed at the corpse.

"...I don't get it. You said he was your beloved and you're strangely protective of him. Why'd you kill him, then?"

A dark look instantly covered her eyes.

"At first, my beloved was a loser, lonely, virgin otaku who didn't have any luck with women at all. As such, he was determined to change his life with the app and didn't fall for my usual tricks…"

Mary winked and made a hole with her thumb and pointed finger, inserting her other pointer finger in it.

"So I just seduced him and we fucked~!"

Our jaws collectively dropped after hearing that.

"S-Saying such a thing so blatantly!"

Megumin blushed as she covered her face in shame.

"...Don't you have any manners, girl?!"

Aqua said, wagging a finger at Mary, who just stuck her tongue out at her.

"To think a plant has more experience than me…"

Darkness got depressed after hearing this shocking news.

"Well… You did say you could grow reproductive parts before…"

"It's just an imitation. I can't get pregnant, or anything. My beloved certainly tried, though~!"

How desperate was this guy?!
Is what I'd say, but if I was still a NEET and came across the same situation…

Let's not think too deeply about that.

"So you seduced him… And then what?"

I said, urging Mary to continue.

"I couldn't trick him into staying and becoming my food, but he did donate some of his life force whenever he came over. And we'd go at it like Horned Rabbits, of course~!"

"We don't need to hear about that part."

"No, keep going."

Darkness got over her depression pretty quickly and was interested now.

This time, Mary crossed her arms and pouted.

"Hmph… His visits became less frequent. Then, one day, he came over to tell me he got a girlfriend… Well, I got so mad that I controlled one of my vines, stole his dagger and used it to stab him…"

"...Can a cheat item user be killed by his own weapon?"

"Apparently, his cheat item was a dagger that can damage anything, regardless of resistances or rules. I guess the user can also be killed in this way."

What kind of stupid loophole is that? Even if the ability was at half power from being used by someone else, a cheat item that could be turned against the user so easily is just useless. Also, why would he tell a monster what his cheat item does?

Furthermore…

This Mary was a yandere, huh?

"Maybe we should just kill her?"

I said, coming up with a verdict after hearing all that.

"Wait a second?! I never killed anybody after you ordered me not to! I'm a changed woman!"

She brought that up again.

Well, she did have a point. And she was still potentially useful to us.

"Fine, but I'm taking this dagger…"

When I reached for the dagger, a vine whipped out to smack my hand away.

Mary and I both stared at each other.

"...Do you actually wanna die?"

I said, while drawing Chunchunmaru.

"I'm not gonna let you take this keepsake from my beloved!"

"It's not a keepsake, more like a murder weapon, right?! Besides, if you truly loved him, then you wouldn't have killed him!"

"I loved him so much that I killed him before he could move on to some bimbo!"

She was a true yandere.

Before I could retrieve the dagger, she withdrew her vine and pressed the dagger against her skin. Then, she somehow absorbed it within her.

"The only place my beloved's dagger should be in is inside me!"

She said another misleading statement.

I tried to use [Steal], but somehow, it didn't work while it was inside her. Maybe it was some kind of ability of hers.

"...So, what should we do, Kazuma? Do we trust this thing or not?"

Aqua said, as she kept a cautious eye on the monster.

"I don't want any other app-users getting harmed because of her…"

Darkness said, showing a surprising amount of concern over the other app-users.

"I say we should just kill her and sell that cheat-item."

Of course, Megumin was only thinking about money.

"Hah… Let's just go with the original plan and move her to the fourth floor."

The other girls ended up nodding, since that was what we decided on, anyway.

"I'm not gonna let you separate me from my beloved!"

"You can bring that skeleton with you, how about that?"

"...I guess that can work."

Mary said, as if she had any leverage in this. What a prideful monster.

And so, we planted her roots in a pot with soil in it and gave Darkness the cumbersome task of carrying her. Rather than go through the diverging paths and the desert area again, we just retraced our steps to the first floor.

I had the others go on ahead, since I wanted to make use of my [Solo Leveling] skill and get as much EXP as possible, grinding monsters by myself.

When I reunited with the others, I was only 40 EXP away from leveling up.

Then, we used the teleportation circle and went to the unexplored fourth floor.

"This seems like a good spot."

Mary said, pointing to a wall.

"There isn't a hidden treasure room behind this wall again, right?"

"Not this time. There's just a good pathway to the mana source on this wall."

We let her step out from the pot and make a new home on the wall. We also dug up a new burial ground for her 'lover'.

Without her noticing, I grabbed the guy's wallet before Mary could bury him. She did say that he had a girl he was seeing. The least I could do was let her know that he didn't just abandon her.

I also pocketed the 7,000 Yen that was inside.

I mean… It's not like he'd have a use for it anymore.

"Ahh… The mana on this floor is quite tasty…"

Mary let out a satisfied sigh as she leaned against the wall, resting the back of her head against the surface.

"How long is it gonna take for you to scout out the floor?"

I said, while watching her roots digging through the stone walls.

"Hmm… I'm gonna need about a day. But if you just want info on the nearby surroundings, I can give you that now."

"Sure, go for it."

"Up ahead there seems to be a flock of Magic Cabbage…"

I fought some Flying Cabbage before and made a stirfry out of them with my [Cooking] skill. Was this Magic Cabbage a similar breed to that?"

Mary explained further.

"Magic Cabbages are similar to Flying Cabbages, however, they don't use their leafy wings to fly. They are capable of using wind magic, which they can use to hover. They can also use those winds to attack from a distance."

Whereas Flying Cabbages could naturally fly and use their flight to gather momentum and slam themselves into foes, these Magic Cabbages were more like long-ranged mages.

Knowing this, I set up an Ice Shield beforehand and we advanced to the area where the Magic Cabbages were.

It didn't take too long to find them. It was quite a surreal sight, seeing cabbages float on something like miniature tornados. The cabbages also had small, beady eyes, although it was impossible to ascertain how their anatomy even functioned to allow for such a trait. I couldn't even find a brain or an optic nerve when I was cooking them.

Above the eyes, there was a small, green crystal. Mary explained that these were the source of the Magic Cabbage's wind magic.

"Alright… Darkness and I will tank the first wave of wind magic. Then Megumin will attack and I will follow after. Aqua, make sure to support us."

"Can't I join Megumin for the follow up attack as well?"

Aqua said, clearly bored with just supporting us all the time.

I was about to deny her, but I remembered something from my MMO days, when I was a guild leader.

The healer and support roles had a high-turnover rate because it was a thankless job. Nobody praised you if you played perfectly, but everyone shits on you if you make one mistake.

Then, my protege at the time, Dark+Angel, proposed an idea.

"Why not let the supporters take on a DPS role on non-boss fights as well?"

I learned that even if it would mess up with their class builds to take damaging spells, sometimes keeping up the morale of the guild was better than min-maxing stats and raid roles.

And so, after Dark+Angel's advice, the healer role became more popular in our guild.

After that it was the tanks who kept bitching, but those guys whine no matter what, anyway.

Case in point, Darkness.

"Sure, go ahead, Aqua."

"Eh? Really?"

She said, not expecting me to agree.

"Yeah, but I trust you to heal and support us anytime we need it."

"You got it!"

Once everyone agreed to their roles, we attacked the Magic Cabbages.

They all turned to us simultaneously once they sensed us, beady eyes watching us alertly.

The green crystals above their eyes glowed as the tornados helping them hover intensified in its spinning motion. The tips of the tornadoes pointed to us and expanded to release a spinning drill of wind. It was a large-scale attack as they all focused their power to try and wipe us out at once. I wouldn't have been able to dodge it, and if I didn't have my ice shield, I would have been torn to shreds.

Darkness was able to tank the damage with her armor, although she suffered some cuts on her face. Aqua quickly healed her, before following Megumin on the follow up attack.

I trailed behind them as the tertiary attacker. Megumin and Aqua already took out a lot of the cabbages, with Megumin blowing them up with her staff and Aqua punching them to smithereens.

There were four more cabbages remaining.

I took this time to make use of my new skill.

"[Quick Draw], [Double Attack]!"

Within half a second of me drawing the blade, the two cabbages in front of me were already sliced in half, as the skill allowed me to release two attacks, whereas an ordinary human would only have time to do one.

The last cabbages were some distance away. They could fire their attacks before I could get within range.

I sheathed Chunchunmaru and created an ice spear.

"[Flash Attack]! [Side Slash]!"

With a high-speed movement, I just barely managed to reach the cabbages with the spear and cut them down in a wide-arcing slash that destroyed the remaining cabbages. The wind they were charging up was released into a harmless gust.

"Don't wreck them up too much! We can cook them up later!"

Megumin said, even though the ones she blew up were scorched black.

Part 4

"Kazuma-san, you gained a level! You also have two Skill Points to use!"

I didn't spend the last skill point from my last level-up yet, primarily because I didn't know what to spend it on, and I wanted to see if the Warrior exclusive skills were worth leveling up.

In the end, I decided to just max out [Signature Weapon], since I had enough to put it to max rank, anyway.

[Signature Weapon] Skill Rank: 5, Passive Skill (MAX)

Assign two of the weapons in your inventory as your 'Signature Weapon'. These weapons gain +15 durability and +4 weapon damage. These weapons won't be destroyed even if they fall below 0 'Durability', but you can't use them again until you fix it.

Aside from that, I could also now switch to the Wizard class after leveling up.

"You have switched to the Wizard class!"

"I don't feel any different."

"...Are we really gonna do this bit again?"

Appuri-chan wasn't playing along this time.

I already got what I came for, and we didn't want to explore the rest of the floor without waiting for the results of Mary's scouting assignment. We could just rely on Mitsurugi's intel again, but like with the diverging paths, there were certain obstacles in the dungeon that even he couldn't inform us about.

And so we used the teleportation circle to the first floor.

"Hehe… Kazuma, cook those cabbages for us!"

Aqua said, since I had the [Cooking] skill. She also didn't want to do any work.

"Sure. Everyone's invited."

Darkness seemed surprised by my invitation.

"...Is it just me, or is Kazuma a lot nicer now?"

I shared a glance with Megumin, who gave me a small smile.

"You must be imagining it, filthy whore."

"Even that lacked the usual vitriol! You said it like you didn't mean it!"

I sighed and rubbed the back of my head awkwardly.

"...I mean, I don't think I ever really meant any of those mean things I said to you before."

"Really?"

"Yeah, I mean, I know for a fact Darkness isn't a whore. I mean, you're a total virgin, right?"

By that definition, she can't be considered a 'whore'.

"That's somehow even more cruel than just outright calling me a whore!"

I wasn't even trying to be mean, though. Am I just naturally an asshole?

I'm sure a lot of people would say, 'Yes, you are'.

We took the train to my place, with Megumin and Aqua consoling the depressed Darkness.

I looked around at all the people on the train. There were teens our age, families with young children, elderly folk, office workers and college students. The demon king army could make their move any day now. I imagined what would happen if the Giant Poison Slime appeared near this train, crushing it and all the people within.

I didn't think I could live with myself if I allowed that to happen.

"...Do you girls think we should really keep the public in the dark about the demon king army?"

My abrupt topic change surprised the others, who all turned to me.

"Well… It'll cause a big panic if they find out, right?"

Megumin said, tilting her head as she pondered the outcome.

"They're gonna panic anyway once they see a big poison slime coming to attack the city."

Beldia and Vanir were one thing, since they were within the range of human size proportions. Their appearances were also grounded enough in reality that one could be convinced that it was cosplay.

But a slime that is the size of a building? There was no explanation around that.

"Certainly… It would be better if at least the authorities are prepared to handle the threat of the invasion. Right now, they have no clue that there's even danger."

Darkness said, starting to see it from my perspective.

I didn't want to tell the government or any authorities involved about the app, because I was frightened about what they'd do to me. I was worried they'd treat me like a test subject once I showed them my powers, or that they would mishandle the situation once they were informed about the other world.

But the alternative of having people die needlessly was worse than those fears. The closer the danger approached, the more I realized that now.

"So, what are you gonna do, Kazuma? Hold a press conference and announce that we're super heroes who fight the demon king army?"

Megumin was excited about that prospect, but I just shook my head.

"...Nothing public like that. We'll have to take a discrete approach."

"Hm… Well, I trust Kazuma. And you were the first hero to defeat a demon king general, after all. They couldn't even do that in the other world."

If Aqua herself approved of my plan, then I pretty much had the goddess's approval. Although her word might not hold much sway in heaven anymore after I took her with me.

"I'm sorry for taking away the only good thing about you, Aqua."

"...What does that mean?"

She stared at me in suspicion when I didn't elaborate.

When we got to my place, the others went to the living room to relax, while I got left with all the work. Well, it was probably better that way, considering I was the one with the [Cooking] skill.

As much as I would have liked to use this skill more, there was no way I was eating most of the monsters I had encountered so far. Anything with intelligence was a no-go for me. Even the Giant Toad meat was pushing it, but at least it was animal-like, and they caused me so much trouble that I didn't even care about harvesting their meat and cooking them.

I made cabbage rolls this time, stuffing the cabbage with ground meat.

You gained +30 exp! Your Stamina improved by +1!

Just like last time, there were some bonuses gained from cooking the monster parts.

"Fufu… Time for your meal!"

Aqua took out the egg and placed her hands over it, casting a blue light over the egg.

"...Hopefully the baby doesn't inherit your intelligence."

"Even if you think I'm dumb, a monster having an intelligence score equal to mine will be potent regardless!"

That was doubtful, since even the Rookie Killers could probably outsmart Aqua. That wasn't really a fair comparison, though, since they also outsmarted me a few times.

Part 5

Although Darkness went home after the meal, I asked Megumin to stay behind.

That was because I wanted to invite her family for dinner, like we discussed.

"I want to do this before the Demon King army starts attacking."

It wouldn't be good if her family was starving or still in need during a crisis scenario. It was better to make contact and build trust between our two families now.

"...Thanks for doing this, Kazuma."

The grateful and gentle look she was giving me made my heart start beating faster.

"Y-Yeah, it's no problem."

My parents didn't have time to cook a proper dinner for everyone since they were busy with work, so the plan was to order takeout. The food was still hot when Megumin's family arrived.

Since Megumin said that her dad was a wannabe military contractor of sorts, I expected a burly, tough-looking man. However, perhaps owing to their poor background, instead I saw a scrawny middle aged man. Although he did have a gruff appearance, he had a very humble air about him now, probably because he was a visitor in our home at the moment.

"Thank you for inviting us…"

He said, bowing as he entered our home.

My mom tactfully took over.

"It's no problem at all! It seems that our children get along, after all!"

Megumin's mother spoke next, giving my mom an elegant smile.

…And let me just say that Megumin wasn't exaggerating about her mother's beauty. She looked like she could have been a famous actress in another life.

"It's nice to meet you. I'm Megumi's mother, Yui."

"...! Mother! I told you to call me Megumin from now on! And you're Yuiyui, dad is Hyoizaburo and this little one is Komekko!"

The aforementioned 'Komekko' was like an exact clone of Megumin if she was younger. She looked up at me with a curious look.

"...Mama, is this nee-chan's sugar daddy who gave her 60,000 Yen last time?"

We all went quiet at that, unable to process what she said.

Yui-san… Or, I guess, Yuiyui-san, just chuckled as if she didn't hear what her youngest daughter just said.

"The food smells delicious. Is that curry I smell?"

My mom blinked, before shakily smiling.

"Oh, um, yeah… Let's head into the dining room."

How else was she supposed to respond to that?

Aqua was already there, along with Kazuto. I understood Kazuto's impatience to eat, since he was a growing pre-teen boy, but what the hell was Aqua's excuse?

"Took you guys long enough!"

"And who's this?"

Yuiyui-san asked, as Aqua was clearly not related to us.

"This is Aqua-chan! She's Kazuma's friend from abroad who needed a place to stay, so we're letting her stay here!"

She was a freeloader, in other words.

Yuiyui-san stared at Aqua, before turning to her husband.

"...Our daughter has some competition, I see…"

"This is gonna be tough…"

They were whispering something suspicious to each other.

Thankfully, we moved on to eating the food before a dangerous topic could be brought up.

"Oh, mama! They gave me a full bowl of rice!"

Komekko said, thoroughly impressed by the moderate amount of rice in her bowl.

"And there's three side dishes and a main dish on top of that?!"

Hyoizaburo-san was equally ecstatic, trying to refrain himself from eating too much.

"Please help yourself and don't hold back!"

My mom said, as Megumin's family was treating this normal dinner like it was a feast.

"And now, here's dessert!"

Komekko blinked and turned to her mom, looking confused.

"Mom, what's a 'dessert'?"

I almost felt like crying when I heard that.

My mom brought out some cheesecake and Megumin's family looked like they were in near-tears, too.

"Is this what heaven tastes like?"

Hyoizaburo-san said, as he held his cheek and chewed slowly, his mannerisms were like that of a highschool girl enjoying some after school treats.

"You sure eat good every night, Kazuma."

Megumin noted, as she enjoyed her cheesecake as well.

Aqua shrugged and said,

"Well, it's not always like this…"

I closed her mouth before she could answer and whispered into her ear.

"Oi… Did you forget that this was supposed to be a ploy to feed Megumin's family? Of course we don't eat like this every night…"

"Why are you getting mad at me? Megumin was the one who asked the question, and she's in on the plan, too."

"How would she know? She doesn't live here, like you do. You have no excuse…"

Yuiyui-san noticed Aqua and I huddling together to talk and sighed.

"Hah… This is really going to be tough, after all… In any case, Megumin, you should still stay the night with Kazuma-san."

Yuiyui-san said something that made all of us look at her.

Megumin was in the middle of chewing on a cheesecake, when she replied.

"...You mean, like a sleepover?"

"Oh, you silly daughter of mine! You should know that nothing's free in this world. For blessing us with this meal, you should treat Kazuma-san well tonight, isn't that right?"

What kinda messed up logic is that?! Should I call child-protective services after all?!

Thankfully, my dad took charge and defused the situation with a chuckle.

"Ah, you shouldn't joke around too much, Yui-san! And to clarify, my wife and I just wanted to befriend your family, since our children are friends. Please come over for dinner as many times as you like, no strings attached!"

"Well! If it's like that, then I can't turn down your offer!"

…That night, I learned that this Yuiyui-san was quite the scary woman.

Meanwhile, her husband was clearly not in charge of the family at all, as Hyoizaburo-san was just meekly chewing on his cheesecake when his wife tried to sell his daughter off.

Part 6

The next day, I took Mitsurugi aside after school, taking him to the station for the weekly smoothie bonus.

You gained +1 'Stamina' from drinking the smoothie!

Then, I told him what I decided with the group yesterday, about informing the government about the demon king army and the app.

"Satou… Is that really such a good idea? There's a reason why none of the app-users have done that."

"Because they wanna keep playing the heroes and don't want the government to interfere with their immature, egotistic power fantasies?"

"That's not the case…Well, there are probably some who are like that…"

He couldn't deny it after what we saw during the soccer nationals tournament.

"I thought about it while looking at the people around me. Can you, in good conscience, risk the safety of the people, just because we're not sure how the government would react? It's not even a given that the demon king army will open a portal around here. What if they attack a place where there's not many app users to defend it?"

Mitsurugi sighed, slowly sipping his strawberry smoothie.

"Fine, you make a good point. How are we gonna contact the government, though? It's not like we can just walk into the diet building."

"Why not?"

"Because we'd surely get arrested?! Why would they believe what we're saying, anyway?!"

"We can just show them our powers."

Besides, Aqua told me that the app-users and the other-worlders were treated as super dimensional beings. Weapons from this world can't hurt us, even if it's a gun or a warhead. We were like Saiyans coming to Earth for the first time, the power levels were just too far apart.

That meant that even if the police started firing on us, the bullets would just bounce off us. That could even be a good way to convince them.

"Fine… And I assume you asked me because you don't want to risk the girls being harmed?"

"Sure, let's go with that."

It was more like I didn't trust them with diplomacy at all, and Mitsurugi was way better at that kinda thing.

That was also why I didn't want to go alone. I didn't have the kind of people skills Mitsurugi had.

"Alright, well… When should we go?"

"Considering the demon king army can attack at any moment, as soon as possible. Ah, but first we should look into getting some suits."

They wouldn't take us seriously if we went in with just school uniforms on or street wear, after all.

"Yeah, that's a good idea."

"And of course, you're paying."

"Why me?!"

"...I'm just a low level adventurer, and you're really gonna make me pay for an expensive suit? What happened to that dragon loot you got?"

"Fine, it's on me… You sure are convincing, Kazuma. Are you sure you really need me to come with you?"

"Of course. You'll be the Nappa to my Vegeta."

"...You know, I actually started reading the Dragonball manga and I'm up to the saiyan arc, so I know you just insulted me there."

Busted.

"Humu. It's a good thing you're heeding my advice, Mitsurugi."

"You sure are patronizing…"

We went into a formal clothing store and had suits fitted for us. I ended up with a dark gray suit and a green tie, while Mitsurugi opted for a navy blue suit with a red tie.

We looked at our appearances in the mirror, before heading out of the store, side-by-side.

I adjusted my tie as I glanced at Mitsurugi beside me.

"Ready to raid the diet building?"

"...You make it sound like we're terrorists… But yeah, I'm ready."

And so, we headed to the National Diet Building in Chiyoda.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, JOJOBRN, kinggamerlite29 and 409 others
BoringBone
Oct 7, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 27: A New Base For This Group!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Oct 13, 2024
Add bookmark
#543
Chapter 27: A New Base For This Group!

Part 1

"I can't believe I let you rope me into doing this."

Mitsurugi said, as we stood in front of the National Diet Building.

There were public tours available in the Diet Building, so it wasn't like we'd be swarmed by police just by entering, at least not right away. That only applied to days when there weren't any hearings or representatives present, though. Right now, there was security that went to stop us as soon as we entered.

"Excuse me, can we see your press IDs?"

The guards said, assuming we were members of the press when we entered with our fancy suits.

"Ah, we don't have any IDs or anything."

"Then we'd like to ask you to leave. There will be a televised meeting starting in an hour. For security reasons, the public isn't allowed into the building."

Mitsurugi leaned down and whispered.

"Oi… That means the Prime Minister and stuff is here, right?! This is a terrible idea!"

"This is even better for us. Come on, let's enter before the press starts filming."

It was better if we didn't make the public aware of things related to the app, until the government was aware of it, at least.

I started walking towards the guards and they moved to block me.

"Hey… Didn't you hear us? If you're here to sightsee, just wait later!"

I didn't want to harm these guys who were just doing their jobs, but I also wanted to prove a point.

In order for the government to start believing us, we needed to show our powers.

"[Drain Touch]!"

I touched the guards on their shoulders. They screamed then fell down once all their energy was drained.

"...Now you've done it, Satou."

Mitsurugi said, as more guards came out to handle us.

"Stop what you're doing and…! Argh!"

I dealt with them with [Drain Touch] once more.

By this point, the police came, pointing their tasers at us.

"...What? They're just kids?"

They hesitated, seeing how young we were.

But in order to demonstrate our supernatural abilities, we couldn't have them not seeing us as a threat.

"[Tinder]!"

I fired off a bolt from my finger in front of them, making the welcoming rug catch on fire.

"W-What was that?! Someone, deal with the arsonists!"

A brave officer finally put aside his hesitation and went up to fire his taser at me.

I just held up my arm and let the taser try and shock me, but like Aqua said, it didn't hurt me at all.

"...I really do feel like the Saiyans invading Earth right now. Earthlings, lead me to Kakarot!!"

Mitsurugi sighed as more police officers came to try and tase him as well. One even came up to try and grapple him, but Mitsurugi didn't budge.

"You're enjoying this too much, Satou…"

"S-Something's wrong with these kids! The tasers aren't working on them!"

"Try to subdue them!"

In order to really prove our point, we needed to have them use guns. However, I knew that these upstanding police officers wouldn't shoot a kid for no reason. So, it was our mission to push them to the edge.

When they attempted to tackle me, I knew that they'd actually succeed unlike with Mitsurugi. His 'Strength' stats were probably above 100 at this point.

Even if I was invulnerable, my stats were still within the realms of human potential.

So, I used my tried and true tactic of filling the ground with water and freezing it.

But this time, I tried to delay the spell as much as possible, waiting for all of the police to get within range, before creating the frozen hazard.

"Gahh!"

The police slipped and fell on the ice.

Then, with the remaining police…

I took out Chunchunmaru from the inventory, but I didn't draw it out of its sheath.

"[Quick Attack]! [Double Attack]!"

I dashed in a blur of speed and whacked the police on the back of the head, knocking them out with the sheathed sword.

Mitsurugi also knocked out a police officer, attacking him with a chop on the back of the head. With that, we advanced forward, letting one police officer retreat to get backup.

"...This feels awful."

"Don't worry, they'll get a big insurance payout from this, even though we didn't really injure them."

"Well, that makes me feel a bit better, I guess."

At this point, reinforcements came and they weren't holding back like the last wave.

"Do not move, or we will be forced to fire!"

They gave their warnings as they took out their handguns, ten of them aimed at us.

That did make me pause for a bit, the instinctive fear of having several guns pointed at me.

I took a deep breath and stepped forward.

"F-Fire!"

The first bullet was fired.

I felt a faint, stinging sensation.

Then, I saw smoke coming out of the gun.

They all watched me in shock and sheer terror.

A bent bullet fell near my shoes. I bent over to pick it up, turning it over to examine it.

"W-What kind of monsters are you?!"

The police said, this time not even hesitating to fire bullets at us.

Mitsurugi and I stood there, letting them pelt us with bullets. Once they ran out, I held up my hands in a sign of peace.

"Hey, we're not here to harm anyone. We just want an audience with the PM and the diet members."

"We can't let you do that!"

I turned my head to the sound of a sharp, feminine voice. I saw a beautiful, longhaired police officer wearing red-framed glasses. She held out her badge while glaring at us.

"I am Superintendent Ise Sena! Stand down or we will be forced to take drastic measures!"

I sighed and narrowed my eyes at her.

"Lady, you just saw us tanking a bunch of bullets. What are you gonna do next? Just warning you now, tear gas won't work on us either."

She bit her lip, knowing we were right. She couldn't deny what she saw, no matter how ridiculous it was.

"...State your purpose for raiding the National Diet Building."

"I just told you. We just want an audience. Also, no cameras, so kick the press out."

They probably heard the gunshots by now, but as long as they didn't know about our powers, the public wouldn't totally panic yet. Terrorist attacks were still concerning, but something like interdimensional beings and such were outside of the realm of comprehension.

"...I'm sure you understand that we can't put you in the same room as our nation's lawmakers and the Prime Minister himself."

"Then just set up a laptop and webcam for us to talk remotely with them."

Sena nodded, seeing the logic in that. She commanded one of the other officers and soon enough, they had a laptop ready for us.

After a few minutes, we had a live feed of the most important people in Japan. The Prime Minister himself was sitting in front of the camera, looking stern and dignified. He gave a basic introduction before saying,

"...What is the reason for your assault?"

He thought we were terrorists.

"We only came here to give a demonstration. Did you already receive a report of our powers?"

"Yes, but I'm finding it hard to believe what I'm hearing."

That wasn't too surprising.

I held my hand out to one of the guns pointed at me.

"[Steal]!"

The gun appeared in my hand. Then, in order to further demonstrate, I held the gun against my temple.

There were screams from the video feed when I pulled the trigger, and a gasp of disbelief when they saw that I was still alive.

"That is… Outstanding…"

I nodded and slid the gun back on the floor to the officer I stole it from.

"There are many others like me out there. As for why we were given these powers…"

I explained the app-system to them. Everyone in the audience listened attentively at first, until chaos ensued once they heard about the Demon King army.

"This is not only a matter of national security, but a global one!"

"We must alert the other world leaders!"

"No… We should keep this to ourselves for now!"

Mitsurugi sighed when he saw the chaos.

"Of course it'd be like this…"

When faced with the unknown, people were bound to panic no matter what.

I clapped my hands to get everyone's attention.

"Order! Order in the court! Oi, you're the leaders of this nation, show some composure! Don't worry, you have us app-users protecting the country. I'm also willing to work with the military to ensure that they can fight against the Demon King army."

"...But you said yourself that our world's weapons won't work. Only weapons acquired from this… 'dungeon' can harm them."

"Exactly… So there's a rather obvious solution, isn't there? Ah, buddy, lend me your gun again."

Instead of having to steal the gun from the police officer, he just tossed the gun over to me. I unloaded the magazine and dropped the bullets into my palm. Then, I took out an arrow from my inventory.

"[Smithing]!"

I took material from the arrow tip and merged it with the bullet, holding it out to the audience to see.

"It's quite simple. Just make composite ammunition combined with materials from the dungeon. And there you go, you have weapons capable of killing superdimensional threats."

I realized this loophole as soon as Aqua explained how this world's inhabitants can't harm beings from a higher dimension. However, I wasn't sure if trusting this world with this information was a good thing. They could somehow reverse engineer those portals and start invading other worlds in the multiverse, after all.

But I'd rather risk that than have the deaths of thousands or millions of people on my conscience. I don't want to play god and determine what is right or wrong. The morally correct choice is to protect the lives that one is capable of preventing at the immediate moment, rather than risking those lives just for a hypothetical future outcome. To do otherwise is a characteristic of arrogance nearing megalomania.

I learned that from Fate/Zero.

"Outstanding…! Please help us in the production of these composite bullets!"

"Sure… Ah, but it's gonna cost you, though."

I could feel Mitsurugi glaring daggers at my back, but who could blame me?

This was the damn government. They could afford to pay me, right?
"How does 1 Billion Yen sound?"

That made me choke on air.

"...Say what now?"

"Is the stream lagging? Ah, it should be safe for you two to come into the chambers now. Superintendent Ise, please let our guests in."

"Yes, sir!"

Sena saluted the Prime Minister, then turned to us.

"Please, follow me."

"Oh, um, right…"

Mitsurugi whispered to me as we followed the police officers into the chambers.

"...What's the matter? Feeling out of your depth for once?"

As if 1 Billion Yen wouldn't make anybody freeze up!

I ignored Mitsurugi's teasing as we entered the chamber. The gravity of the situation was only starting to hit me at this moment, when I came face-to-face with the most important people in the country.

"First, we'd like you to introduce yourself."

The PM said, making Mitsurugi step forward and bow.

"I am Mitsurugi Kyouya, at your service."

"...I'm Satou Kazuma."

"It's a pleasure. First thing first, let's get the payment out of the way."

A secretary came up to us, holding a check. It took all my effort not to let my knees tremble when I saw the total of 1 Billion Yen on the paper.

"We will have you get in contact with our defense R&D center to produce those bullets. Is there anything else you require?"

That gave me an idea.

"Actually, there is someone else who can be of assistance. They once produced grenades that are capable of harming the dungeon monsters.

"Very well. Please involve them in the project as well."

I managed to get work for Hyoizaburo-san.

I was about to say something else, when a familiar, booming voice interrupted us.

"Fufu… Aren't you forgetting someone else who can assist, boy?"

Suddenly, in a grand entrance, Vanir appeared as a dirt pillar, before taking on his humanoid form.

Mitsurugi stepped back, recognizing Vanir from their previous fight, but I held an arm out, assuring him Vanir was safe.

"W-Who is this?"

"Prime Minister… This is an informant, of sorts. He used to be a demon king army general, but he betrayed them."

"Indeed I did! And I bear gifts. Behold, the Vanir-style Pagers!"

Of course he was gonna try this!

The Prime Minister carefully accepted the pager from Vanir.

"...What's this?"

"It is a device that will warn you ahead of time when the demon king army invades this world, giving you ample time to prepare! Of course, this won't come free of charge…!"

"Excellent! How does 1 Billion Yen sound?"

"..."

Even Vanir froze up after hearing that amount.

"H-Hm… W-Well, I suppose that will do…"

He was acting tough, but I could tell that he was also shaken up about the amount of money he received.

He needed 5x more of that amount to make his own dungeon, though.

"But still… How can we trust teenagers like you?"

The other members of the diet were still unconvinced.

Some were staring at me with suspicion.

I turned to Mitsurugi.

"Oi, pretty boy, do your thing."

He glared at me for that comment, before smiling charmingly and taking over the rest of the speech.

Part 2

"...Are you telling me that those pagers came from this devil, Satou?"

Mitsurugi said, when we were led to a conference room to further discuss matters.

"Moihaha! Please keep staring at me while reliving the memories of your shameful defeat! Those are some very tasty emotions of grief coming out of you!"

I never thought there would come a day where these two would interact, but I suppose that it's been a pretty crazy day in general.

Sena was in the meeting room, as well as the Minister of Defense and the Prime Minister himself.

"About the press… We have informed them that two delinquents were setting off fireworks in the lobby as a prank. This will still make the national news, but they won't learn the truth."

The Prime Minister said, interrupting the argument between Vanir and Mitsurugi.

The Defense Minister spoke up next.

"...Our strategy for now is to keep the public unaware as much as possible. We will make false reports of an upcoming high magnitude earthquake and evacuate citizens in shelters, as soon as we get warnings from the pager."

This was the main reason why I chose to inform the government. Even without the involvement of the military, their ability to mass-evacuate a large group of people was a feat we couldn't replicate on our own.

"As for the other app-users… Can they be counted on during the attack?"

"It would be best if you didn't try to control them."

I said, with as much honesty as possible.

The other app-users couldn't simply be apprehended by the government, nor be forced to give up their cheat weapons. They should be treated as a rogue element that will behave as long as they could do as they wished. Having the government interfere would just cause some of the more willful ones to rebel.

"As for the portals themselves… Satou-san said that they have only been appearing around Tokyo for now, but there's a chance the invaders could expand the range of the portals and have it appear anywhere in the country, right?"

I turned to Vanir for this one, since he'd have more information about this.

"Precisely! The Demon King army could even advance the range of the portal to encompass the entire planet, given time. That's why those goddesses created dungeon entrances all over the world."

The Prime Minister rubbed his chin.

"I see… Then I suppose the only thing we can do is inform the other world leaders and let them use the information as they wish…"

He then turned to Sena and said,

"Satou-san, Superintendent Ise here will act as the liaison between us. And although I imagine you don't need it, she will also act as your bodyguard."
Sena nodded to her orders and bowed to me.

"I am at your service."

Having a beautiful career woman like her bow to me like that and say, 'I'm at your service'...

…It was kind of erotic.

What is the extent of that 'service', I wonder?!

"I sense a tremendous amount of lust from the boy…"

I quieted those thoughts when Vanir started sniffing me out.

"Is there any other means in which we can support you, Satou-san?"

I considered the PM's offer, then thought about something.

"I'd like a base of operations for my circle of trusted app-users. It's more convenient if we can mobilize from one place, after all."

I mean, Darkness lived in another country, and I wasn't even sure where Chris lived. The only one who could mobilize quickly was Yunyun with [Teleport], but she was still limited in that regard.

The PM nodded, understanding my logic.

"Very well, we will purchase property for you in Tokyo. Is there anything else you need?"

After some more thought, I said.

"Please allow a teammate of mine to examine a group of JSDF soldiers. If they have the potential to enter the dungeon, they may be very useful in the upcoming conflicts. I would also like to train and lead them."

The Minister of Defense looked doubtful for once, considering my age, but he couldn't really argue since this was such a fantastical and special circumstance. He sighed and said,

"...That can be arranged, but if you're leading such a unit, we'll have to give you a military rank, even if you're a minor… How about First Lieutenant?"

The Prime Minister nodded at this.

"I give my approval. Of course, your station and involvement will be classified."

Mitsurugi's eyes were swimming from all the development.

"...Keep me out of this, Satou. I want to stay as an ordinary civilian."

If I was gonna risk my life for the country anyway, I might as well be recognized for my efforts. This is coming from someone who died already and saw my own corpse spilling blood in the cold floor of a dungeon. If I was gonna die again someday, and Aqua wasn't around to resurrect me in time, then I at least want a proper military burial recognizing my sacrifice.

Once we were done with the meeting, I checked my phone and saw that there was a notification from Appuri-chan.

Your successful diplomacy has increased your 'Intelligence' by + 4! Your 'Bravery' has increased by +4!

You have unlocked the skill [Delay Spell]!

[Delay Spell] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You can delay up to three spells, which will form as magical energies that will float around you. For every minute that passes until you use the spell, you will lose equal to the amount of mana points you used to cast the spell.

I finally unlocked a 'Wizard' class exclusive skill.

I must have got this from when I held the [Create Water] and [Freeze] combo against those police.

Part 3

"A-A special government initiative to teach gifted children… Aqua-chan, Megumin-chan and Kazuma have been chosen?!"

My mom said, when she read the document that was laid in front of her.

"This is simply incredible!"

My dad said, reading along with my mom.

The fact that they didn't view Aqua's inclusion at all as strange showed just how highly they viewed her.

At the next joint family dinner between Megumin's family and mine, I announced the cover story that the Prime Minister provided for us. Sena also came by, posing as an educator for this so-called program.

Sena smiled and nodded to my parents.

"Indeed… And we have also recognized the designs of… um, Hyoizaburo-san? And we wish to buy the intellectual rights to his designs. Truly, the genius doesn't fall far from the tree."

Sena followed my instructions, stroking the ego of Megumin and Hyoizaburo-san.

Megumin stuck out her chest as she glanced at her dad.

"Hmph… Did you hear that, dad? It seems that our genius is finally being recognized… Well, it's thanks to me, though."

Megumin was having fun with her gloating, so I didn't correct her. Not like I could, since this whole set-up was a sham.

"M-My efforts are finally being recognized! Um, what is the pay like?"

Of course, his first question was about money.

"You will receive an annual salary of 15,000,000 Yen, including benefits that come with a government job."

Both Yuiyui-san and Hyoizaburo-san stared at Sena in shock.

"...Eh? Honey, did I hear that right?"

"M-Maybe she meant in a foreign currency, like American Dollars?"

That amount would be worth way more in USD, though.

Komekko tilted her head.

"...Isn't this kinda suspicious? Why are we getting so much money now…?"

Yuiyui-san covered her youngest daughter's mouth.

"Komekko-chan? Don't ask any questions, OK?"

I had a feeling Yuiyui-san would go through with this even if there was something shady involved. She was fine with selling off her daughter to me, after all.

"So you're saying nii-san gets to live with a bunch of beautiful girls in some mansion in Tokyo?! How is this fair?!"

Kazuto had nothing but complaints about the whole arrangement.

I rubbed his head.

"Humu. Work hard and you'll be like your nii-san in the future…"

"...Why don't you give me some of your insane luck as well?"

Aqua chuckled and patted Kazuto on the head.

"Why don't you help me pack, Kazuto? We can play some games tonight with your nii-san, too!"

"Sure, nee-chan!"

His mood immediately improved.

Sena and Megumin's family left after the meeting and I went up to Aqua's room along with Kazuto.

"...Wait, did I just get roped into packing your stuff for you?"

Aqua stuck her tongue out while glancing to the side.

"Busted."

I sighed but continued helping her pack along with Kazuto, thinking it was better to deal with this now than dealing with it at the last minute when it was time to move.

After that, we took out the Switch and played some Mario Kart with Kazuto. In the middle of it, he sighed and said.

"...I'm gonna be lonely without you two."

I thought about those years when we didn't even talk at all, back when I was shut off in my room, playing video games all day.

Kazuto must have been pretty lonely back then, especially considering how close we were.

We can never go back to the way we were. Maybe other siblings can do that, but that wasn't the case for us. We were making progress here and there, but we were older now. There were a lot more reservations, and we can't just pretend like we didn't treat each other like strangers not too long ago.

I was filled with the innate discomfort that comes with showing affection to an estranged family member. If you know what that's like, you know the feeling of your throat clenching up, your stomach squeezing, your hands drenched in cold sweat.

"Kazuto… Sorry. I've been a bad nii-san. I'm gonna be better from now on."

"...?! What are you saying, nii-san! T-That's gross!"

He glanced away, his hands clenching his shorts.

Aqua smiled and stood up, giving us some space.

When we were alone in the room, I hesitantly placed my hand on Kazuto's head.

"It probably hurt a lot, right? Even if you don't admit it. Having a nii-san you were close to just retreating into himself, refusing to even meet your eyes."

"...You were so cool, nii-san. You always played with me, always talked to me, always gave me advice… I didn't care that you didn't talk to me… But I just hated seeing my cool nii-san act like a loser!"

He looked up, showing that his eyes were wet, but he was still glaring accusingly. Then, he punched me on the arm.

"That's what you should really apologize for! Being uncool that whole time!"

I chuckled, rubbing the spot where he punched me.

"Don't worry. I'm gonna go back to being your cool nii-san."

I'll protect you. I'll grow stronger for you.

So nothing will harm you, so you won't have to see my pathetic side again.

And maybe someday, when I'm braver and wiser…

I can say this all to your face.

"I promise, Kazuto."

Your bond with your family has reached the max rank!

Satou (Family) Bond Rank: 7 (MAX)

At rank 7, your family unconditionally loves you and your bond with them is stronger than it has ever been. Your parents will brag about you to everyone they talk to, and your little brother sees you as his cool big brother once more. If you mention wanting a non-blood related sister again, your parents will accept it.

Bond Reward: Kazuma cheating lessons MAX (Allowed to have unlimited lovers)

Part 4

"T-Thank you so much for inviting me!"

Yunyun bowed several times as she arrived at the meeting place with her luggage.

A bus was waiting for us, the kind that musicians used while on tour. Along with our luggage, it would also take us to the new property the government got for us.

"You're part of our group, after all. Not to mention that I owe my life to Yunyun."

"Y-Your kind words are too much for me, Kazuma-san!"

Megumin, however, gave Yunyun a wary look.

"...I'm fine with you living with us as long as you give me the space I need."

"Ah… But I was hoping to play some games with Megumin when we get there."

"You're already planning to cling to me, huh?"

Seeing Yunyun tear up a little, I pulled Megumin to the side.

"Oi… You reprimanded me for not being honest with how I care about my friends but… You're also not being honest with Yunyun."

Megumin glanced away with a pout.

"You don't get it. That girl doesn't know any restraint. Give her a tiny bit of attention and she'll follow you around without reprieve."

"...It can't be that bad."

Appuri-chan did give me those warnings, though.

"Anyway, you'll be living together now, so there's no use in treating her coldly."

"...Hah. Fine, you win."

With that settled, I went to the others I invited, seeing Rin and Mitsurugi talking to each other.

"To think that Mitsurugi-senpai is an app-user as well!"

"Same to you… To think that Satou would involve his girlfriend in this…"

Mitsurugi gave me a rather cold look. Feeling the need to explain myself, I said,

"Isn't it better that she knows how to protect herself now? That's better than leaving her defenseless and clueless about the invasion, right?"

"You always find a way to get people to agree with you, so I'm not even gonna bother arguing. I mean, you even convinced the Prime Minister of all people."

I suppose that truly was quite the feat.

I turned to Rin again and said,

"Sorry for dragging you out like this. I keep involving you deeper and deeper…"

She chuckled and playfully hit my shoulder.

"Senpai, I told you already I'm fine with it, right? And it could be fun living together like this with everyone. Maybe it'll make for good practice for when more girls join…"

She whispered the last part so Mitsurugi wouldn't hear, for which I was thankful.

I helped Rin take her luggage to the bus, before I saw Darkness arriving last, which wasn't too surprising, considering she lived in another country. Thankfully, I managed to arrange something with the Prime Minister, so she wouldn't be viewed as an illegal alien.

I looked at all the luggage she brought with her.

"...What's with all the stuff?"

She blushed a little before replying,

"My dad thinks I'm studying abroad, so I can't help it. He made me bring a bunch of stuff."

"I see. Well, once you're done putting that in the bus, make sure to help the others with their luggage."

"Why are you assigning such a task to me when I have the most work to do?!"

Only because I knew she'd like it. To prove my point, she started panting hard as soon as I told her that.

"By the way, I guess Chris isn't coming, huh?"

"She said she's busy right now, but she might come later."

She was always busy… I wondered what occupied most of her time.

I wanted to continue where we left off last time…

Wait, maybe she was avoiding me for that reason?

"Ahh… Where's my Emperor Zell?!"

Aqua suddenly screamed, getting everyone's attention.

"...What the heck is an Emperor Zell?"

It sounded like a euphemism for a sex toy.

Am I not satisfying her in bed?

Do I need to put points into [Bedroom Skill]?

"That's the name of my wonderful baby dragon! I can't find him! My wonderful Emperor Zell!"

"Where did you put him?"

"I put him in a carton of eggs, so he won't be lonely!"

That was the dumbest thing I've ever heard.

"Gahhh! What are you doing, lady?!"

Aqua pointed at a startled Sena, who was tasked to drive the bus. She was about to eat a snack, which happened to be a boiled egg.

"Um… I'm just about to eat this egg…"

"You monster! How could you?!"

I whacked Aqua on the head before she could scare Sena even more.

"...Use your head for once. How could Sena have boiled the egg without any equipment, much less taken it from you? Just look through your stuff again."

"I already looked through everything…! Oh, wait, I think I see it under my pajamas. My beautiful, eggy baby!"

She took the carton out from between her folded up pajamas, took out the egg, which she marked 'Emperor Zell' with a sharpie, and fed it with mana.

While she was doing that, I went to Sena and apologized.

"Sorry about that. She always freaks out for one reason or another."

She had an uneasy expression as she nodded.

"I-I guess I just have to get used to it."

As the only form of adult supervision this house of app-users would have, Sena had quite the responsibility in her hands.

By the way, I had Aqua sniff her out, but it didn't seem like Sena had any potential to enter the dungeon. It was a shame, but that didn't mean we couldn't rely on her, since she was still a professional at the end of the day.

…

…

"Ohhh! This is where we're gonna live?!"

Megumin exclaimed as we stepped out of the bus to peer at the two-storey mansion within the upscale residential area of Azabu. An arched entrance way led to a grand door, and before it was a well-trimmed garden.

The girls ran inside excitedly, eager to claim their rooms, except for Darkness.

"...I suppose the ojou-sama isn't that excited. You're probably thinking, 'Hmph, my mansion in England is way better."

"Why did you just assume I'm from England?! Well, you're right… But I wasn't thinking that!"

"My posh loft back in London costs at least 1,000,000 Pounds… That's what you're thinking, right?"

"Of course not!"

She sighed, then said,

"I was just thinking that I'm really happy I get to live with everyone… Um, I like living with my father, but it's just us and our servants in our mansion... It isn't very lively."

My first instinct was to tease her again, but I sighed, remembering my promise to be more honest with my friends.

"Well, um… We're gonna spend a lot of time together now, so you don't have to feel lonely anymore, Darkness."

She stared at me, then blinked several times.

"Eh? Eh? Um, you can't just say all that without warning!"

She covered her cheeks as she blushed deeply.

"...Out of all the insults I threw at you, I thought you'd have more tolerance when it comes to actual kindness…"

"This is way more embarrassing! I can't believe Kazuma said that so easily!"

It wasn't easy at all. But if it seemed easy, then let's just have her believe that.

Mitsurugi was helping Sena unpack the luggage, so they were the last to enter.

"Whoa… This is a grand estate. The PM really went all out."

Mitsurugi said, looking up at the crystal chandelier.

Sena looked at Aqua who was luxuriating on a red, leather couch, already finding a way to laze around.

"...Just keep in mind that this is all possible due to taxpayer money, so please focus on why we're really here."

She did seem like the serious, no-nonsense type, but I didn't think she'd carry that attitude even outside of her usual professional environment. I thought she'd relax a little in her role as our supervisor.

"Now, now, Sena, it's important to keep morale up during such dire times, right? Relaxation is also part of the job."

She considered my words seriously, before slowly nodding.

"I suppose you're right…"

"What do you usually do to relax?"

"When I'm home, I suppose I'll change into loungewear and relax with some wine…"

"Hmm… Do we even have wine here?"

"Yes, this place comes with a wine cellar."

Was that really such a good idea with all these minors around?

When she heard the word 'wine', Aqua shot straight up from her lazing position on the couch. She went to Sena with an excited gleam in her eyes.

"There's wine here?! Show me! I haven't had any liquor in forever!"

She did mention that she was quite a drunkard in her realm. My parents didn't really drink, and Aqua had no way to acquire alcohol on her own, so she never had the opportunity before. She had a prime opportunity now, though.

Sena backed away from Aqua, unnerved by her enthusiasm.

"...I don't think I can give alcohol to minors."

I sighed and placed a hand on Sena's shoulder.

"That kinda logic doesn't really apply to us now, doesn't it?"

After all, I was already given a military rank even though I was underage.

Sena mulled it over a bit before releasing her own sigh.

"...I'll show you the way."

"Hurry up!"

And that was how Sena and Aqua became drinking buddies.

Part 5

Even if we had a fancy new home now, I couldn't spend too much time enjoying it.

After all, we had to prepare for the Demon King army invasion.

In that regard, I wanted to raise my stats and unlock as many Wizard skills as possible.

…But first I should get that last quest out of the way, discovering the next trendy place.

Everyone else was busy with their own training. Rin was leveling up in the lower floors with the others in the dungeon, with the goal of getting her up to speed.

The only one left was…

"I-I think this place has 'trendy' potential, right?!"

…Apparently, Yunyun got too excited last night and couldn't wake up in time to join the others.

I was helping Sena with her report to the PM, so I was still around by the time Yunyun came down.

She pointed at a ma and pa dumpling store that only had a couple of grannies lining up for it.

"...What about that seems like it's popular among young people, Yunyun?"

I said, as I watched a granny paying for a dumpling bit-by-bit by dropping coins into the patient storekeeper's hand.

"U-Um… So what seems like a good place, then?"

"Well, let's keep looking. By the way… That's a rather bold outfit."

I said, looking at the low-cut dress that exposed her chest.

She was already getting a lot of stares from guys passing by. I also stole a few glances.

"A-After that man gave me that advice, this kind of clothes are all I really have."

Right… That pervert who tricked her into wearing revealing clothing.

"Why don't we get you some normal clothes, then? Besides, one of these clothing stores might be considered 'trendy'."

"G-Going clothes shopping with Kazuma-san?! Ah… This is too good to be true…"

It was really cute how she was so happy at every little thing.

We went to one of the many clothing stores in Tokyo, making sure to keep track of which one was getting traction. We saw a line in front of a store and I saw a familiar face.

It was the class rep herself, Konno-san.

Or rather, it was a cardboard cutout of her and the rest of her group, the Axel hearts.

"It seems like Axel Hearts are doing some kind of collab with this store. How about it, Yunyun. You interested?"

Yunyun looked at all the girls her age lining up. She nodded twice in quick succession.

"I'm very much interested!"

She wanted to fit in that badly, huh?

The clothing line by Axel Hearts actually suited Yunyun's needs quite well. Being idols, the clothing couldn't be too revealing, since they had to convey a pure and innocent image.
While waiting for Yunyun to change into the clothes she picked to try on, I looked at the other two members of Axel Hearts, Erika and Cielo.

…They really were cute.

Well, that's part of the reason why they became so popular.

"Um, Kazuma-san, how about this?"

Yunyun came out wearing a striped top and a green skirt. The striped top emphasized her curves quite nicely, even if it wasn't revealing, although I imagined that any kind of top that wasn't four sizes too big would have that effect.

I gave her a thumb up.

"Oho. That looks really cute, Yunyun."

She blushed, hiding herself with the changing room door.

"T-Thank you…"

"Go ahead and try out the other stuff."

"Ah, but I already decided to stick with this one since Kazuma-san complimented it…"

She was a bit troublesome, wasn't she?

I sent her back to try the red and blue outfits that were associated with Lia and Erika. They all looked good on her, so I told her to take all three outfits.

When it came time to pay, Yunyun took out her wallet, but I took out my phone instead.

"No need… Allow me to pay."

"Eh? But I couldn't…"

There was no way I'd allow her to pay after all the money I acquired.

This was also my chance to look cool. The female staff and the women lining up behind us all gave me approving looks.

"The total is 20,000 Yen!"

So expensive! Oi, Konno-san, why are you charging so much for your clothes?!

Then again, feminine clothing has always been pretty expensive and we bought three outfits worth of a limited-time collab…

And it wasn't like I couldn't afford it, anyway.

Without hesitation, I used the transfer method of the app, which masqueraded itself as an Apple Pay service.

"Uwaa… Thank you so much, Kazuma-san!"

"Anytime, Yunyun."

The approving looks from the women around me intensified after seeing just how much I spent without hesitation..

…This feeling of having women look at me in a favorable light might get really addicting.

Especially the looks I was getting from Yunyun.

Your Charisma has increased by +1!

You have also discovered a trending spot! Shopping in this trendy shop will increase your
'Attractiveness' by +2!

Quest Completed! Find the next trendy place! You gain +2 'Charisma' and +2 'Attractiveness'!

You have unlocked a new set of Quests!

Establish a bond with Mary the Tranquility Girl! Quest Rewards: Gain the title [Monster Tamer]

Defeat the fourth floor boss! Quest Rewards: Random Loot Box

Help the JSDF soldiers reach level 5! Quest Rewards: You learn the [Teaching] skill

"Ah, I'll carry those for you."

I said, when the staff placed the clothes in the bag.

"You're such a gentleman, Kazuma-san…"

At this point, if Yunyun keeps praising me, my ego is only going to keep increasing.

Part 6

As we were making our way out of the shop, I noticed that there was a batting cage across the street.

I was looking for a way to raise my stats like dexterity, since my strength score was way above the other physical scores.

Thinking that maybe the batting cages would be a good chance to raise it, I asked Yunyun if she wanted to try it out.

"S-Sure! I'd love to spend more time with Kazuma-san!"

Yunyun… She was such a good girl.

I couldn't help but pat her head, which made her blush and wave her arms around.

I paid for the tickets, which were 1,000 Yen each, then we put on the helmets and shin guards and took our place in front of the pitching machines.

"Have you done this before, Yunyun?"

I said, as I took position, raising the bat.

"Um… Only softball in PE… Eiii~!"

She swung her bat and managed to make contact, but it wasn't enough for a base hit.

I also only had practice doing this at PE, and I certainly hadn't faced a pitching machine before.

Thankfully, it was only fastballs this time and I managed to make contact.

However, it ended up being a foul ball.

"...Ah… This is pretty tough, isn't it?"

"It's kinda addicting, too… Eiii~! Oh, I hit it really far!"

"That's a pop out to the infield."

"Ah…"

Eventually, we soon got into a rhythm.

"Hmph!"

I grunted as I sent a hit into the outfield that would have earned me a double.

"Eiii~!"

Yunyun managed to get a good hit as well, earning a single.

Once we were getting a good string of hits, I said,

"You wanna start adding breaking balls now?"

I said, as our eyes had become adjusted to the fastballs.

"Sure thing!"

With the varied pitches, it became much harder to get hits. And we had yet to hit a single homerun.

"Hah… That was fun but it gets tiring after a while."

I said, cooling down in the lobby as we finished up.

"Yup… Oh, it seems that my dexterity increased, Kazuma-san!"

Just like I suspected.

Your 'Dexterity' and 'Stamina' have increased by +2!

Hopefully the Demon King army doesn't come soon, because I'd like to spend a couple days at least in the batting cages. I should also introduce this place to the others, so they can raise their dexterity as well.

Especially Darkness.

Before we headed back to the mansion, I said to Yunyun,

"Hm… Why don't we have something to eat? We used up a lot of energy, after all."

"G-Going out to eat with Kazuma-san… Of course I'm happy to do it!"

Her enthusiasm never fades.

We ended up going to a family restaurant, similar to the one we had been to before. When we were about to order, the waitress said,

"Would you like to try out our ice cream challenge after? The goal is to eat a giant bowl of ice cream within thirty minutes! You get your picture hung up on the wall and you get a 10% discount on your next visit!"

It was just like the spicy curry challenge.

Right down to the cheap reward.

Side quest unlocked! Complete the ice cream challenge! Quest Reward: Learn the skill [Cold Resistance]

Here it goes again…

But that skill was too good to pass up, if it was anything like [Heat Resistance].

"...I guess we'll do it."

Yunyun and I were soon staring at the biggest bows of ice cream we had ever seen in our whole lives.

"Kazuma-san… I don't think I can do this."

"Do it for the skill, Yunyun."

I said the words Mitsurugi said to me back then.

And so, we picked up our spoons and tackled the challenge.

"Ah… My head…"
Yunyun held her head as the brain freeze assaulted her.

Did they make this thing extra frozen, so they wouldn't have to give a discount?!

How cheap were they?!

I gave a side glance to the waitress, who avoided making eye-contact with me.

Ah, so she knew how unfair this thing was, huh?

Still, I persevered and shoveled ice cream into my mouth.

You completed the side quest 'Finish the ice cream challenge'!

You learned the skill, [Cold Resistance]!

[Cold Resistance] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You can endure the cold more than the average person can. When up against magical cold, the success rate of this skill is determined by your 'Willpower' (53).

"I got the skill, Kazuma-san…"

"Good work, Yunyun!"

I placed my hand on her and casted [Heal].

She gave me a grateful look as she blushed from the contact.

When I paid the bill and we left the store, Yunyun turned to me and said,

"U-Um, this was really fun! Hanging out like this… Um, were we hanging out?"

She wanted a clarification on what this really was. How cute.

Knowing that she was developing feelings for me, I didn't want to keep her in suspense.

I knew what it was like, having feelings for someone and not knowing if it will be fulfilled or not.

That kinda one-sided affection is the worst.

"It was really more of a date, wasn't it? I mean, we went clothes shopping, played around and even went to a restaurant."

I knew a lot of girls considered family restaurant dates cheap and lazy, but it still counted, right?

"A d-d-date?! U-Um… thank you very much!"

Still, keeping her in suspense is one thing, but keeping her in the dark about Rin and Aqua, and even Megumin, was even worse.

I had her come with me to a nearby bench and sit down.

"So Yunyun, I know you have a crush on me…"

"Ehhh?! D-Did Megumin tell you?!"

So Megumin knew, huh?

Yet she made no mention of it.

Well, I guess it was obvious enough to anyone who saw. She probably assumed I already knew.

The app also kind of kills the suspense.

"Well, the app told me. What does the app say about our relationship, actually?"

"Um… It only told me that Kazuma-san is mildly wary about me because I come on too strong sometimes… But that you still care for me!"

That seems pretty accurate.

I guess that also explains why I hadn't gotten many invitations from Yunyun lately.

Even though she was so eager to hang out before.

"Well, anyway, um, I know that Yunyun has feelings for me…"

"I-Is this Kazuma-san's way of letting me down gently…?!"

She already thought I was gonna reject her.

"...Just listen for a second. You see, I'm already seeing someone… Well, two girls. And also, I have something going on with Megumin as well… Actually, let me be honest, it's probably gonna keep expanding some more."

"K-Kazuma-san is a polygamist, huh? Well, I guess it's more like polygynism in this regard…"

"I haven't married anyone yet, though… Anyway, you have the right idea. Um, I just wanted to say that I already have that going on… I don't want to lead you on and spring that up on you later."

Yunyun nodded and lowered her chin in thought.

I didn't want to disturb her thought process, so I patiently waited until she spoke up again.

"U-Um, it's true that I do like Kazuma-san… I-I don't know about sharing you with other girls but… I'm inexperienced with romance anyway, so I'd at least like to try it…"

"Are you sure? You don't have to force yourself."

She shook her head and gave me a wan smile.

"...I know firsthand that life is short. Especially in this war against the demon king army… Anything can happen."

"Ah…"

Yunyun had to witness the horrible sight of me dying. Not only that, she had to absorb my body into her inventory.

I suppose in that moment, the frailty of life was instilled in her, more than ever.

"So, with that in mind… I don't want to regret anything! The regret that comes with making a mistake feels better than the regret that comes with inaction…I thoroughly believe that!"

Yunyun may have trouble making friends, but she sure was a brave one.

She never stopped trying, even when she made a bunch of cringy mistakes.

I really admire that about her.

"In that case… Do you want to follow what Megumin is doing? We can take it slow and see where this goes from now on."

Megumin would probably complain about how Yunyun was copying her, but I didn't think she'd mind.

Especially after she promised to be more honest with Yunyun.

"I-I think we can do that! I'm glad we had this talk, Kazuma-san…"

"Yeah, same here."

"Um, can I ask to do something naughty…?'

Didn't she say she wanted to go slow?!

"Can I get a hug from Kazuma-san?!"

…She was way too innocent.

I smiled and leaned in to gently hug her. She hooked her arms around me and we let the hug linger for a while.

Yunyun (Lonely Stalker), Bond Rank: 5

At Rank 5, you and Yunyun have agreed on a tentative romance! Yunyun is still discovering a lot about herself and her relationships with people, and she gets overly excited. You will have to reign her in, or she might go too far in trying to prove herself to you. She's a good girl at the end of the day!

Bond Reward: You learn the Intermediate Magic, [Flash]!

[Flash] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (15 mp cost)

Blind the opponent with a flash of light. Success depends on your Magic Power (72) against the opponent's Willpower.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, JOJOBRN and 381 others
BoringBone
Oct 13, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 28: Training These Newbie Soldiers!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Oct 21, 2024
Add bookmark
#584
Chapter 28: Training These Newbie Soldiers!

Part 1

Yunyun went ahead to catch up with Mitsurugi for their usual training session. I went to the dungeon as well, but rather than meet up with the others…

I went to the train station to meet with the JSDF soldiers.

"...I believe I asked them not to dress too conspicuously."

I said, looking at the men and women before me dressed in Hawaiian shirts and khaki shorts.

Sena, who was tasked to organize the soldiers I was supposed to train, rubbed her temples as she sighed.

"I'm sorry, but they came here looking like this."

Other people were already steering away from them, thinking they were undercover cops or a group of weirdos.

I examined the soldiers. There were only about six of them, which was surprising. Aqua did thoroughly sniff through a bunch of soldiers, but there was only a handful of those who had potential. There were 5 men and 1 woman, all of them standing perfectly in a row. All the men had shaved heads, and the woman had hers cut in a bob.

"...Let's just head into the dungeon before we attract more attention."

I said, as people steered a wide path around this suspicious gathering.

Sena had to stay behind, as she couldn't enter the dungeon. Then, leading the soldiers, I stepped inside the dungeon entrance.

The soldiers gasped in shock once we transitioned from the real world to the dungeon.

"...The reports were real…"

One of them muttered. I suppose that even if they received a classified report about the dungeon and the demon king army, some of them would be skeptical until they saw it with their own eyes.

"I thought that this was some kind of test to see how well we can follow orders, no matter how ridiculous they were."

I raised my hand and they all stood to attention, saluting me. Their efficient movements caught me off guard.

''...Alright, I'm going to be your instructor, Satou Kazuma. I realize that it's weird to have an underaged teen as your instructor, but these are crazy circumstances we're faced with. I ask you all to obey my instructions, because the wrong move can mean life or death in this dungeon."

"Sir, yes, sir!"

"Alright, then first of all, here's your gear."

I took out my phone and using the Storage Box, I brought out their uniform and arms, as well as their tactical belts filled with the Hyoizaburo-san style ghoul grenades and Howa Type 20 ARs loaded with the composite ammunition I designed.

"Our unit has two objectives. First is to raise your levels and second, to field test these prototypes. Once you're ready, please follow me."

"Sir, yes, sir!"

I led them inside the first floor. I could tell from their body language that they were quite nervous. Their eyes glanced back and forth, watching for any threats. When I sensed the first pack of monsters, I held up my hand, having them stop in place.

There was a group of five goblins equipped with stone spears. I memorized some standard military hand signals from a handbook I was given earlier. I gestured for a soldier to throw a grenade, and for the others to finish off the goblins once they were paralyzed.

Unlike the usual party I explored the dungeon with, these soldiers followed all my instructions perfectly.

"Gaaa?!"

The goblins were paralyzed as ghoul claw shrapnel dug into their skin.

And then, they were decimated by the spray of bullets that tore into them.

"Good work, team. Now, check your phones and see if you have the app now."

"...We see it, sir!"

They each showed me the Adventurer Apps that were now installed on their phones.

"Alright, let's hunt a few more monsters, then you should be able to choose a class. Tell me when you're ready."

Once they reloaded and did a quick equipment check, we moved forward until we saw a group of skeletons, which were swiftly taken care of by gunfire.

By the way, they didn't gain any gun-related skills, so I suppose there wasn't a Gunslinger class or any skills associated with guns.

When they leveled up, they showed me the classes they had available to them.

All of them qualified for Warrior, Rogue, Archer and the Knight class, as well as the Adventurer class that everyone unlocks.

"Alright, all of you, choose the Adventurer class."

This was the idea that I came up with.

I bemoaned having to choose the 'weakest' class at the start, but in terms of skill diversity and acquisition, Adventurer was the right class to choose for beginners.

Besides, they could always branch out into more specialized classes later on without missing much.

I could also teach them easier if they all fought like me.

"Ditch the guns and grenades for now and equip yourself with the loot you got from the goblins and skeletons."

They obeyed my instructions and put their guns away into their inventory. It was quite a sight, seeing JSDF soldiers in leather armor, using spears, bows and shortswords rather than guns.

"Fight the next group with the weapons you have now. Then, once you acquire the associated skills, switch weapons with the next person and unlock even more skills."
I already have a cheat code on what to do to unlock certain skills, so they wouldn't have to go through the trial and error process I went through.

Aside from learning weapon skills, I also had them track enemies and become aware of their presence, letting them gain [Enemy Detection], [Farsight] and [Tracking].

I also had them run away from a group of slimes just for the sake of getting [Escape].

Even if they were trained soldiers, this was their first time in the dungeon and they were already pretty stressed out about it. They were exhausted before we even reached the Giant Toad area.

They weren't ready for that yet, anyway.

"Alright, let's call it a day. Good work. When the demon king army comes to invade, you will still primarily use your guns, but you should use all your other skills in tandem with it, especially [Farsight] and [Escape]."

"Yes, sir!"

"Alright, you're all dismissed!"

They saluted me once more, before putting their gear away into their inventories.

When we got out of the dungeon, Sena came up to me, as she was patiently waiting outside.

"How did it go, Kazuma-san?"

"...They're already better than my party."

"...! They leveled up that fast!"

No, they were much weaker.

But they followed my orders so precisely that it almost made me cry tears of joy.

While also dreading having to party with the likes of Aqua again.

You established a new bond!

Satou Kazuma Squad (JSDF Forces), Bond Rank: 1
At Rank 1, this squad will already obey all your orders and your command. However, this doesn't mean that you have earned their loyalty and respect yet. They are merely following your orders out of professional obligation.

…Well, I suppose there's still work to do to earn their respect.

Part 2

The others were already tired from their training, but I haven't trained by myself yet, since I was busy with the soldiers.

And so, I decided to do some solo grinding, since it had been a while.

I went back to the dungeon after splitting off from Sena, and used the teleporter to go to the fourth floor.

On the way there, I stopped to talk to Mary.

"Ah, Kazuma-san… I finished scanning the fourth floor."

"Good job."

"Do I get a reward?"

Considering that I needed to establish a bond with her somehow, I didn't dismiss her request right away.

"What kinda reward do you want?"

"Humu. Of course, I'd want some human nutrients."

I gave her a wary look.

"...I'm not gonna let you sap my life force away."

"I won't sap everything. Just a little bit."

I suppose it was similar to how the succubus fed themselves.

Just to make sure she didn't try anything, I placed my hand on the wall behind her and used [Drain Touch] to replenish my energy as she absorbed nutrients from me. What was scary was that this method to absorb nutrients was a passive effect that I didn't even feel or notice. That was how her kind lulled humans into a false sense of security.

"Alright, that should be good enough~!"

Mary let out a satisfied sigh as she stretched her arms, looking happy with the nutrients she absorbed. It had been a while since we forced her to abstain, after all.

"Remember what will happen to you if you do that to anyone else…"

Mary smirked when I said that.

"Wow, possessive much? Don't want me to do that to any human but you?"

"Way to twist my words!"

That was her specialty, so I tried not to let her provoke me.

"You know, you kinda remind me of my beloved…"

"Wasn't he a loser NEET who was desperate enough to mate with a plant?"

"Yeah, you really do remind me of him!"

"In what way?!"

I reminded her again to behave, before taking the new map and going on my way.

You established a new bond!

Mary (Tranquility Girl), Bond Rank: 1

At Rank 1, Mary will reluctantly go along with your commands, as her survival depends on it. She also seems to tolerate you because you remind her of her beloved. Giving your nutrients to Mary will deepen your bond.

Quest completed! Establish a bond with Mary the Tranquility Girl! Quest Rewards: Gain the title [Monster Tamer]
[Monster Tamer]

When this title is equipped, you are capable of calming and taming monsters around your level.

I got a title…

I equipped it right away, looking to try it out on some of the monsters in the lower floors.

If Darkness could tame that Giant Toad, I imagined that I could achieve the same results.

I mean, if Darkness of all people could do it…

Once that was taken care of, I set about exploring more of the fourth floor.

It didn't take long until I sensed quite a powerful monster. The fact that it wasn't in a group and still gave me a sense of foreboding meant that its threat level was pretty high.

When I turned the corner, I was surprised to see that it was a Female Orc.

However, unlike the other Female Orcs, it seemed to have hair that was intentionally dyed black. It also seemed to wear something like black eyeliner and even had a nose-piercing. As for its weapon, it had a big cleaver.

I observed this Female Orc before engaging it in combat.

"Heh… Life really is better by myself. Who needs other orcs? They're so noisy and obsessed with men… Ugh. Damn sluts… Always partying all night and capturing men to mate with… There's more to life than that, you know? And what about the emotional connection? I can't just sleep with some random guy the tribe captured and let him impregnate me, while also sharing him with everyone else. If I was to mate with a man, I'd want it to be a special relationship, you know? Yeah, a relationship like that is ideal."

…It seems like this particular Female Orc is having some kind of identity crisis.

I tried to sneak up on the Female Orc, but she was high-leveled enough that she sensed my presence, even with [Lurk].

"...! Sniff, sniff… Oh? That's a man, I smell, isn't it? Hey, you can come out! We don't have to fight. I'm not like the other orcs! I'm not just looking to hook up! I want to connect on an emotional level!"

That might have been convincing if she wasn't drooling and blushing while saying that.

I decided to try out the [Delay Spell] skill.

I drew my shortbow and created an ice arrow, and while I was notching it, I used [Delay Spell]. Even as I was firing the arrow, three magical orbs made out of ice, water and fire floated above my head, orbiting it.

"Owww! W-Why'd you hurt me?! I just wanted to talk! Here I was being nice to you, and you're gonna treat me like that?! Fine, I guess I'll force myself on you after all!"

The orc's real intentions came out.

Even with the ice arrow piercing her arm that she used to protect herself, she charged at me with tremendous speed. She really was quite a high level monster…

I wouldn't have been able to react in time if I didn't delay those spells.

The orb of ice and water reacted with a mere mental command, forming a slippery trap on the ground.

"Eeek!"

The orc didn't expect it and slipped down.

Then, I shot the orb of fire, aiming it at her face. She predictably moved her cleaver to block it.

I used the opportunity to attack her exposed torso, driving the blade of Chunchumaru clean through her stomach. She twitched for a while, before she eventually lost her life.

You unlocked a new skill!

[Control Spell] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp)

You can control the direction and speed of the spell. Advanced Magic is the most difficult to control, while Elementary Magic is very easy to control.

I suppose I got this while intentionally aiming the [Tinder] at her face.

I took her equipment into the storage box. I didn't really need the money from it anymore, so I intended to donate it to the soldiers later.

Part 3

"Appuri-chan, what other exclusive skills are available for the wizard class?"

I asked, as I replenished my mana with [Drain Touch], taking the opportunity to take a break as well.

"There's [High-speed Incantation], although that skill only applies to intermediate and advanced magic."

Since elementary magic didn't require a specific chant, there was no way to unlock that skill.

[Flash] was also a type of spell that didn't require much chanting to cast it. I'd have to wait until I unlocked spells that required chanting.

"Aside from that, there's also [Charge Spell], [Staff] and [Mage Armor]."

"[Charge Spell] is pretty self-explanatory, but what about the last two?"

"[Staff] gives one weapon proficiency using staffs in combat. This is the skill Megumin-san has. [Mage Armor] gives one damage reduction that scales with their magic power, although this is capped at +5. The user also can't wear any armor aside from robes and magical clothing."

I didn't really have a use for [Staff] and [Mage Armor], so I opted to just try and learn [Charge Spell] instead.

The female orc from last time was incredibly powerful on her own, but there was only so much one monster could do. The next encounter was a group of monsters that gave off an aura of collective strength.

They were a group of lizardmen equipped in leather armor. They also carried a variety of short bows and scimitars. There were eight of them in total, a rather large group.

Unlike the female orc, they didn't sense me when I used [Lurk], so I was able to take my time preparing. I used [Delay Spell] to make water and ice orbs float around my head.

Then, I decided to debut the [Flash] spell.

I focused on trying to charge up as much mana into the spell as I could before releasing it.

Of course, I made sure to do the iconic Solar Flare pose.

"[Flash]!!!"

"Kraaa!"

The lizardmen were blinded by the flash of light that filled the tunnel.

I didn't waste any time and created an ice arrow.

"[Snipe]! [Snipe]!"

I managed to take out two of them before the other 6 regained their senses.

I didn't give them any time to attack.

The delayed [Create Water] and [Freeze] transformed from floating orbs to two more ice arrows. I was able to instantly fire and take out two more, leaving only four left.

I used [Bind] to deter the lizardman charging at me. He fell on the ground. Then, I dealt with the archers by using [Wind Breath] to blow their arrows away.

There was one more lizardman with a scimitar who used tricky movements, dashing side-to-side to avoid my attacks as he advanced forward.

"[Tinder]! [Control Spell]!"

I shot a bolt of fire, which I controlled to curve sharply.

The lizardman didn't expect the change in direction and couldn't dodge in time.

"Argh!"

Along with its burnt shoulder, it was also too distracted to protect itself.

"[Drain Touch]!"

I absorbed its mana and its life, before finishing it off with Chunchunmaru.

By this time, the archers reloaded another arrow and fired it. I used their dead comrade as a shield.

Then, I used [Delay Spell] to make three spheres of clumped up dirt float above me.

Right when the archers were prepared to fire again, I charged up my mana again.

"[Wind Breath]!"

I released a strong exhale of wind just as I released the delayed [Create Earth].

"Gackkk!"

The archers hacked and coughed as an onslaught of dirt was blown their way.

That bought me enough time to finish them off.

"[Quick Draw], [Power Slash]!"

Their heads rolled off their shoulders.

It was the first time I was able to take out such a large group of powerful enemies that easily.

My new skills were giving me even more options than I had before.

It was a bit tricky having a bunch of different options, though. Especially since I was pretty much just experimenting at this point.

You learned the skill, [Charge Spell]!

[Charge Spell] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Empower the effects and damage of a spell, depending by time you spend charging the spell, and the amount of mana you spend. For every 5 seconds that passes (maximum 10 seconds), you can increase the potency of the spell by +1. You spend the total mp amount the spell requires for every 5 seconds that passes. If you are interrupted while charging, the spell effect disappears and you lose all the mana you've spent charging up.

Since I pretty much learned every useful skill from the wizard class, aside from [High-speed Incantation] that meant I could switch back to adventurer on the next level up, or change to another class that I unlock in the future.

I didn't have to worry about school or other responsibilities for this week, at least, while we were preparing for the war. The government gave our schools a suitable excuse. I also didn't have to worry about my parents wondering why I was out so late. With that in mind, I decided to explore some more in the dungeon.

Before I could move forward, I saw something like a puddle right before a fork that led to two paths. It was more like a pond when I looked closer, and I saw fish swimming inside. It was like the pond Megumin and I fished in, back on the first floor.

Since food from the dungeon gave benefits and exp, I decided to use my [Fishing] skill.

But first, I needed a fishing rod.

I took the longbows the lizardmen dropped and used [Smithing].

I was somehow able to restructure the bowstrings into a fishing line, and the bow itself into a rod. It was a simple matter to make a hook from the steel in the scimitars.

As for the bait, I carefully took one of the worms scurrying around on the dungeon floor, careful not to take too much of the monster's food.

I created an earthen bench with [Smithing] as well and took a seat. The goal was to clear my mind with a peaceful activity, as well as catch some fish to raise my stats.

Perhaps it was due to my luck, but it didn't take too long until I got a bite.

I managed to catch a sturgeon.

[Sturgeon] Common

A rather common fish found in the dungeon's ponds. When cooked this will give +15 EXP and +1 Stamina.

I stuck a stick through it and used [Tinder] to cook the fish.

I didn't have any seasonings with me, and I kept a mental note to do that last time, in case I wanted a snack in the dungeon.

You gained +15 EXP and +1 stamina!

Part 4

I stayed a bit longer in the dungeon, but I didn't want to risk advancing too far without the others.

The enemies were getting more powerful and plentiful. Even if I beat those lizardmen easily, it was only because they had conventional means to fight. If I fought a powerful monster with some strange magic I couldn't counter, then I'd be dead without anyone to rescue me.

And so, I took the teleportation circle back to the entrance and left the dungeon.

Besides, there was another chore on my list. I headed over to the pawn shop.

The blacksmith was there as usual, looking bored. He glanced at me with barely any interest in his eyes.

"It's you again. What do you want?"

Such poor customer service!

"Did your smithing skill rank up at all?"

"Yeah, I can craft 'Very Rare' items now. Not like you can afford those."

"I got some money now. Show them to me."

He gave me a doubtful stare, but he took out his best wares to display to me anyway.

"If you're still using medium armor, then I have this mithril half-plate set."

"Mithril… Isn't that legendary material?"

"It's a grade below adamantine ore according to the app system. But since it's lighter than adamantite ore, it makes for good light and medium armor."

"Alright, I'll buy it."

He gave me a tired glare.

"You can't afford it. It's 500,000 Yen."

That amount would have made me wet myself before.

I took out a wad of cash and dropped it on the counter.

He silently looked through the cash, making sure to really inspect each bill. Was I really that untrustworthy?

Finally, he said.

"Alright, I'm not gonna ask where you got this. Take the armor and go."

"Hold on, that's not the only thing I'm gonna buy. Show me your longbows."

I had a goblin longbow, but that was just some random loot I got from a goblin.

"Hmm… Well, I got this treant wood longbow. The wood is super flexible but tough at the same time. It costs 50,000 Yen."

He showed me a longbow made out of a polished, dark wood. I felt the smooth surface of it and tried the bowstring.

"Alright, I'll buy it."

"Where are you getting this money from?"

"I promise it's from a legit source."

"That's what they all say… Do you want a new sword, too?"

I was rather attached to Chunchunmaru at this point, considering it something like my partner.

"Nah, but is it possible to upgrade it?"

"Yeah, I can do that. That'll be an extra 100,000 Yen."

"Done."

He seemed happy for once, getting this much money in one night.

Mithril Half-Plate - Medium Armor (Very Rare)

A set that includes a breast plate, pauldrons and chausses. The mithril has a light blue sheen. Reduces incoming damage by +8. Applies -8 penalty to stealth related stats when sneaking.

Sells for: 400,000 Yen

Treantwood Longbow (Very Rare)

A longbow made out of flexible treantwood. Increased damage when fired at long distance (+3)

Ammo: 20/20 (treantwood arrows)

Bow Accuracy: Dexterity modifier + [Bow] = 76% chance of hitting

Weapon Damage: 9 piercing damage + Dexterity modifier (+6) + Bonus (+3) = 18 piercing damage

Sells for: 70,000 Yen

Chunchunmaru (Unique) - Signature Weapon

Forged and upgraded by Very Rare Blacksmith. Named by Megumin.

Durability: 40/40

Weapon Accuracy: Dexterity modifier + [One-handed Sword] = 76% chance of hitting

Weapon Damage: 6 slashing damage + Strength modifier (+8) + Bonus (+4) = 18 damage

Sells for: 40,000 yen

…

…

My next destination was Wiz's shop.

Not only did I want to check out her wares, I also wanted to check up on that demon.

"Eeep?! Please don't exorcize me! Oh… I thought you were that blue-haired goddess…"

The demon said, sighing in relief when he saw that I wasn't Aqua.

"...Is that girl coming here to terrorize you again?"

Even though I told her not to.

"A-Ah, I can't say or else something bad will happen…"

I was actually feeling kinda sorry for him.

His mood improved a lot, though, when Wiz walked in.

"Ah, Kazuma-san! Thank you for coming over!"

Vanir must have told her about all the money I earned, since she was greeting me so pleasantly.

Well, Wiz is a good girl in the first place. Maybe she really was just happy to see me.

"Hey, Wiz. What's Vanir up to? That guy still owes me money for promoting those pagers…"

"Um… Vanir-san said that he predicted you'd ask for that, so he went somewhere else…"

That sneaky devil!

"Oi, Wiz, I'm gonna buy a lot of stuff tonight, so tell me where that guy is."

"I-I've been sworn to secrecy!"

I took out a wad of cash and held it out in front of her. She stared at it while blushing.

"H-He went to the succubus shop…"

Since the succubi were such big fans of him, I suppose it made sense that they'd house him for the night.

"I guess I'll have to pay him a visit… But before that, can I ask you to cast enchantments on my gear?"

"Certainly! I can give a +3 enchantment to your gear for 1 million Yen!"

"That's insane!"

Even with the amount of money I had, that made me want to scream at Wiz.

"B-But that's the highest level of enchantment I can give to equipment!"

"Give me a discount."

"Eh?! B-But…"

"Listen, Wiz. I doubt that Vanir gave you any of the money he got for his pagers. He probably said 'You didn't help me with developing these at all, you broke shopkeeper, so why should I have to share?!', right?"

"T-That's exactly what he said… And the voice was perfect, too."

That was because I used [Versatile Entertainer] to imitate his voice.

"I-I get it… I'll give Kazuma-san a discount… But it can't be too much!"

I settled for paying 3 million Yen for all the enchantments. I asked her to enchant my elven shortbow as well.

I watched her lay her hands over the equipment and cast a blue glow on them.

"[Enchantment]!"

I nodded in satisfaction once I saw that Wiz gave each item a proper enchantment, instead of sneakily giving me a useless one like last time.

"Thanks, Wiz."

"You're welcome!"

"By the way, can I ask you what you will do during the upcoming war?"

She gave me a conflicted look.

"I will stay as a neutral party… I will only step in if the demon king army harms innocents."

Even if Wiz seemed pretty airheaded, she did stay firm in her promises and ideals. I honestly respected that about her, even if she was on the other side.

Wiz (Lich Shopkeeper), Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, Wiz sees you as a rich customer who gave her enough money to last for a while. You remain as her best, and only, customer, but she is also starting to see you as a friend. Due to that, she hopes that you will stay safe during the war. Shopping in the store will deepen your bond with her.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Enchant]!

[Enchant] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp)

Gives a basic enchantment to an item, increasings its damage, armor class or existing effect by +1.

Part 5

I went to the succubus shop afterwards.

The main goal was to find Vanir who was avoiding me.

But I also wanted to use the dream service again to do some mental training, like last time.

"There you are…"

"Urk… You actually went here to look for me, huh?"

I went to see Vanir being fawned over again by the succubi.

"Oi, time to pay up."

"Ridiculous! Even though you gained so much money from your country's rulers, you're still going to demand money from me?!"

"...A deal's a deal! Now pay up!"

"Tch… As a devil, I am bound by our contract. Fine, here you go."

"Wait… You made quite a lot of money, didn't you?!"

He handed me a million Yen.

"Thanks to you for promoting the product to your fellow app users! Ah, you should have seen the look on Wiz's face when I made so many sales in her own store! The despair and jealousy was truly delicious!"

"Stop treating Wiz so poorly."

"...Says the one who has been asking for ridiculous discounts knowing she's poor. Not to mention how you lustfully stare at her body."

I couldn't really argue with that.

"Oh? If it isn't my buddy, Kazuma."

I turned my head to Dust, who always seemed to be hanging around in the succubus shop. That was my mistake. Vanir took that chance to slip away.

Well, he already paid me, so I didn't care if he left.

I looked at Dust, who I knew was from the other world.

"Dust, you know about the upcoming invasion, right?"

He disinterestedly picked his nose.

"Oh, right. Well, that doesn't really involve me, so I'll just hide somewhere."

"It doesn't involve you…? But you're a citizen of the other world."

"So what? Are you personally responsible for the atrocities your country pulled off in previous wars?"

Where did he learn about that?! I thought he was just bumming around and accruing debt!

"W-Well, that was from a previous era… Haha…"

"Hmph. I learned a lot from watching those hot babes on NHK, you know?!"

Ah. So he was just watching a history special presented by an attractive woman.

"Fine… I'm not gonna say that Dust is personally responsible, but don't you want to help the people of this country, who welcomed an interdimensional refugee like you with open arms?"

"Hah? What do you mean by that? I've been treated horribly here! When I try to pick up a girl, they always reject me! And the banks don't wanna loan me any money because I don't have any ID, or whatever? Even though I showed them my Adventurer Guild card?!"

That seemed like a reasonable reaction from the public. Rather, I was surprised that Dust hadn't been arrested yet.

"Fine… How about this? Depending on your performance in the war, I'll award you money."

I didn't know Dust's exact level, but he didn't seem like a complete newbie. And he was the only one from the otherworld who could fight on our side.

"For real?! Yosh, I'm in!"

It didn't take much to convince him.

"As for how you'll prove your progress, I guess you can give me the ears of demons, or something."

I used that old method to prove the validity of his kills.

"Yeah, I'm used to stuff like that. Alright, you got a deal, buddy!"

We shook on it.

Dust (Blond Delinquent), Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, Dust views you as someone with deep pockets who he can follow around and receive money from. He will fight in the war for you, as long as you reward him. Be careful about being seen with him in public, as he owes the yakuza a fair bit of debt, and is known as a perverted pest around the city.

Bond Reward: +10 Dexterity

You met the 'Dexterity' requirements for the Archer class!

His reputation in the city was getting worse.

And I unlocked another class, which was perfect since I already got all I wanted out of the Wizard class.

…

…

"It's nice to see you again, Kazuma-san!"

Rorisa said, when I entered the private room reserved for me.

"Yo, Rorisa… I came here to do some of that mental training again."

"Ah, yes! Actually, I mentioned it to my senpai, and they were impressed about that new usage of the dream service you came up with! With your permission, we'd like to offer it as a service to the other app-users, since they might be interested in that kind of training."

"Humu… Sure, I have no problems with that."

If it'd help the others in surviving the upcoming conflict, I didn't mind sharing my training method with them.

"So for this training session, what would you like to do?"

"Do you have any data on Sylvia and Hans of the Demon King army?"

"Um… We don't have any information about Hans. Either he's more of a recon type or he hasn't been involved in any major battles in the otherworld. But we do have some data about Sylvia the chimera, who has been involved in a fair bit of clashes."

"Alright, I'd like to try simulations regarding Sylvia."

"Perfect! Then please go ahead and lay down."

I laid down on the bed and went to sleep.

When I opened my eyes again, I was face-to-face with Sylvia.

She looked like an ordinary female human at first, albeit a very tall one. She had dark skin and red highlights in her black hair.

I was also drawn to her curvy body.

Once I regained my focus, I tried out the new combo I had in mind.

I created an ice arrow, and then…

"[Enchant]!"

I used the new spell I learned from Wiz to enchant the ice arrow. After all, it counted as an item.

There was a blue glow around the arrow and it trailed a streak of blue energy as I fired it.

"Gackkk!"

Sylvia let out a cry of pain as the arrow hit her, however, the arrow didn't penetrate too deeply.

She must have a high magic resist, which was effective even if I had [Magic Archery].

"[Bind]!"

She surprised me by using a skill that I regularly used. She threw a rope that caught me off guard, wrapping around me.

"[Steal]!"

I simply stole the rope, making it appear in my hands instead. Then, I threw the rope back at her.

"[Bind]!"

"[Steal]!"

She used another thief skill.

Furthermore, she copied my move.

This Sylvia must have the thief class, aside from being a chimera with high resistances.

What a pain.

She was also quick on her feet and could counter my moves.

Next, she opened her mouth and exhaled out a large fire blast.

She could even breathe fire, huh?

[Heat Resistance] helped numb the pain, but it didn't take long until I was burnt to a crisp.

With that, I woke up from the dream.

"How was it?"

Rorisa asked, as I sat up from the bed.

"...What a powerful opponent."

Still, I learned a lot.

I went back to the dream a couple more times, but I ended up dying each time. I guess she wasn't an enemy I could take on by myself, unlike with Beldia.

Then again, Beldia didn't have most of his abilities available, since he defeated a bunch of powerful app-users like Mitsurugi beforehand.

And I still didn't know what Hans was capable of.

There was also no way for us to know if the demon king army found a way to increase the amount of creatures they could send through the portal.

If they found a way to bring even a portion of their army, along with Hans and Sylvia, we were pretty much screwed.

"Would you like to see a lewd dream next to wind down, Kazuma-san?"

Rorisa seemed so pure, that there was an almost innocent tone in how she asked that.

Even though she was asking me if I wanted sexual relief.

I haven't had a chance to do anything with Aqua in the mansion, since the others were around.

Rin was also there, but I didn't want to rush her into anything yet, and just kissing would only make me sexually frustrated. Same goes for Yunyun. And we haven't even kissed yet. I also didn't want to pressure the poor girl, since she was the type who'd go along with whatever her crush told her.

"I'll take you up on that offer."

"Great! Then, please fill out the form!"

I looked at the form and thought about what to ask for.

At this point, it felt kinda wrong to ask for someone I knew, especially with how close I was to the girls now. I could maybe ask for an acquaintance like Lia-san, but even that felt kind of weird.

Well, speaking of acquaintances, I remembered the beautiful blonde receptionist from the gym, Luna-san.

I hadn't been to the gym in a while, so I hadn't had any chances to see her.

Since I really didn't know her all that well, and couldn't really see me getting to know her personally anytime soon, I didn't feel too bad about choosing her.

As for the scenario…

Listen, I'm the kind of guy who can't get off unless the scenario is immersive.

In most pornographic works, the scenario and premise is usually unbelievable. There's barely any setup and consideration to the leadup before the sex. But as a man of culture, I like to be immersed before consuming said pornographic work.

That was why I couldn't just ask to simply have a sexual encounter with Luna-san.

"Um… Kazuma-san? What's taking so long… Eh, what's with that paragraph you're writing?!"

Rorisa said, as she looked over my shoulder to see the scenario I was writing up.

"Ah, can you get me more paper?"

"S-Sure…"

Once I was done, Rorisa read the prompts that I came up with.

"Um… So the gym is struggling but Kazuma-san stays as a loyal customer… And feeling grateful, this Luna-san wants to reward Kazuma-san for his loyalty, by offering to cook dinner for him. She invites Kazuma-san to her apartment, and it begins to heat up from there…"

"Fufu… It's a pretty realistic scenario, isn't it?"

"N-Not really."

That made me pause.

"Come again…?"

"I mean, if the gym is struggling, why would she bother sleeping with a client? Shouldn't she be consulting her financial advisor, or exploring bankruptcy alternatives? And from what I understand, she's just a receptionist, not the owner of this gym. Why would she go so far as to sleep with a client just to protect her workplace? It'd be much easier to just work in another gym, right?"

She started shredding my scenario apart.

"...Let's skip all that and just have her invite me to her apartment, then. Maybe I'm her favorite client or something, I don't know."

"I'm sorry! I didn't mean to criticize you like that!"

I gave up on an elaborate scenario and settled for a simple one.

After laying in the bed again, I went back to the world of dreams.

Since I had done this quite a few times now, I was aware of the transition between reality and dream.

I found myself laying on a bed, with Luna-san naked on my lap.

…I knew I asked to skip the prelude, but isn't this too fast?!

How can I get aroused like this?!

"Kazuma-san, do you want to put it in, now?"

"Yes, please."

I got aroused.

She rubbed her pussy lips against my tip, before sliding me inside her. I moaned from the pleasure.

"Ah… You feel so good, Kazuma-san…"

I moaned as I felt the simulated pleasure of a pussy around my cock.

She started moving, her big breasts bouncing as she rode me. I reached up to squeeze her breasts, while she expertly rode my cock.

It didn't feel as good as real sex, but it was infinitely better than just jerking off alone. There was also the added pleasure of having sex with a woman I knew I would have no chance with in real life. I cared about the girls in my life, but I couldn't just stop myself from finding other women attractive, too, and Luna-san was one of the hottest women I had laid my eyes on.

And in a dream, there were no consequences.

I grunted as I came hard inside her, letting her pussy squeeze me for everything I had.

"Hnnngh!"

"Did you like that, Kazuma-san?"

She smiled, giving me that same professional smile she had behind the receptionist desk.

Before I could respond, the dream faded away and I soon found myself in the real world.

"...Ah."

I found myself staring at Rorisa…

Who was currently wiping my exposed cock with a tissue.

"Um… What are you doing?"

She blushed a little and laughed awkwardly while throwing the tissue out.

"...Usually this happens in the comfort of our client's home, but since you'll be walking home, I didn't want Kazuma-san to have to walk home with semen in his underwear…"

"Wait, does that mean you always pull off my pants when I'm doing this?!"

I knew that she cleaned me up last time, but I didn't know that she directly wiped my cock with tissues like that!

So embarrassing!

…But also incredibly erotic.

"W-What else am I going to do?! Do you want to walk home smelling like semen, or what?!"

"T-Thanks for the extra service…"

I made sure to pay a big tip.

Rorisa (Rookie Succubus), Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, Rorisa is embarrassed now that you've found out how she cleans you up after your 'sessions'. Regardless, she sees you as more than just a customer, thanks to your kind treatment of her. She also finds it admirable how you treat the war so seriously. Treating her nicely when you come over will increase your bond with her.

Bond Reward: +10 Charisma
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, kinggamerlite29, Architman and 365 others
BoringBone
Oct 21, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 29: An Upgrade For These Portals!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Oct 28, 2024
Add bookmark
#624
Chapter 29: An Upgrade For These Portals!

Part 1

When I got home, I was greeted by the sight of Aqua and Sena sharing a large bottle of wine in the living room.

"Hic! How is a minor… hic… outdrinking me!"

Sena was already flushed all over as Aqua laughed at her, although she looked just as wasted.

"Kishishi! Trying to outdrink a goddess who governs over water… You should know that's a waste of time!"

What did being a goddess of water have to do with her capacity to hold liquor?

Or was she saying that liquor is like water to her?

Aside from those two, Darkness, Megumin, Rin and Mitsurugi were playing on the Switch, one of the many forms of entertainment the government stocked the house with. We had every console, a bunch of games to go with it, as well as more traditional games like chess and card games. They were playing Mario Party, and Megumin was winning with Rin not so far behind. Darkness was in third place, while Mitsurugi…

"Damn it! How did I land on that stupid tile again?! How is this fair?!"

Out of everyone playing, I didn't expect Mitsurugi to start raging first. I thought it would be Megumin, for sure. He looked like he was just one more bad turn away from throwing his controller on the TV.

Megumin chuckled and gave him an annoying, smug smirk.

"Heh. What's the matter, Mitsu? You were so nice at the start, the perfect gentleman. You even let me use Toad when you wanted to play him. And you let Darkness have Donkey Kong, who was your second choice. You even said, 'Let's just have fun and not get too into the game', didn't you?"

Mitsurugi gave her a thin smile.

"...I did say that, didn't I? Haha…"

Mitsurugi was a better man than me. If Megumin did that to me, I'd use [Steal] on her and have fun with her panties.

Also, I noticed what Megumin called him.

"Oh? Are we calling you 'Mitsu' now?"

I said, as I watched them play their game.

Mitsurugi spared a glance at me before explaining.

"It was a compromise. I asked them to just call me Kyouya, but they weren't comfortable with that yet, so we settled with Mitsu."

Darkness placed her controller down since it wasn't her turn yet and said,

"Um, we don't really have the concept of formalities back where I'm from when it comes to first and last names, so I've just been calling you Kyouya since the start. Sorry about that…"

"No, no, it's fine! I'd prefer it if we were all casual with one another. We're all friends right, Satou?"

That got Rin's attention, she said,

"Um, Mitsurugi-senpai, you said that you want us all to be casual with one another, but why are you calling Kazuma-senpai by his last name?"

Mitsurugi actually blushed a little once Rin corrected him.

"Well, Satou is Satou, so…"

I decided to take this chance to mess with him a little.

"You don't get it, Rin. This guy is a natural playboy. He wants all the girls to be on a first-name basis with him, but the same sentiment doesn't apply to guys like me."

This time, Mitsurugi dropped his controller and blushed even more.

"N-No way! Oi, Satou, I can tell from that sadistic grin on your face that you know for a fact that's not true! Stop lying!"

I decided to have mercy on him and raised my hands in surrender, walking away from the couch.

Then, I went over to the girl who was just watching everyone else having fun from the kitchen.

"So… Why aren't you joining everyone else?"

She ducked her head, but I already saw her peeking her head from the corner. She sighed and said,

"Um… I got here late, and I never found the right time to go in."

As troublesome as she was, Yunyun was incredibly cute as well. She was such a little cinnamon bun.

I patted her head, then pulled her in for a quick hug, which made her practically melt in my arms.

"Aw, don't be like that, Yunyun."

Seriously, I'd die from how sweet she was at some point.

"P-Please help me find an opening, Kazuma-san!"

"I got an idea."

I took some ingredients out of the fridge and used [Cooking] skill to make an easy no-bake fudge.

"Alright, all you gotta do is come out and serve this to everyone. That way, you can naturally join in."

"W-What a genius idea!"

I didn't think it was that impressive, though.

But I suppose to a super introvert, these little social tricks seemed like masterful techniques.

"The easiest way to involve yourself in any social situation is to just bring food."

"I see… Please let me take notes!"

"No, go in and stop stalling already."

"R-Right…"

I urged her to face her fears and go in, tray of fudge in hand.

"U-Um, there's fudge if you guys are hungry!"

"Ohh, that looks good!"

They paused the game to eat the fudge, and even Aqua and Sena held off on the drinking to try it, although I had no doubt they'd come right back to drinking after.

Megumin grabbed a piece, then walked over to me.

"...You helped her, didn't you, Kazuma?"

This one sure was sharp.

"I don't know what you mean."

"Hah… Do you really expect me to believe Yunyun can come up with that on her own?"

I didn't really have anything to say to that.

"Why didn't you help her out? She's your best friend, after all. And remember, you promised to be less mean to her."

"...That wasn't exactly what I said, but yeah, I get your point."

Megumin went back as the others were thanking Yunyun for the fudge. I noticed that Megumin was helping Yunyun whenever she stumbled with her words. Thankfully, the others were more than willing to help Yunyun as well.

Aside from the strategic advantage of having everyone in one place, I also appreciated the opportunity to get closer with everyone. Even Sena, who was older than us, managed to hit it off with Aqua.

I made sure to treasure this moment.

Especially knowing that the demon king army could attack us at any second.

Part 2

I was about to head to the dungeon and meet up with the soldiers, when…

The Vanir-style pager rang in my pocket.

I alerted Sena, then switched destinations to head over to Wiz's shop.

"Vanir! This better not be a prank!"

Instead of seeing Vanir's usual smug face, I saw an uncharacteristically serious expression.

"As much as I'd like that, this is real. I foresaw the portals opening tomorrow."

That wasn't a lot of time to prepare, but it was better than nothing.

"Do you have any further details?"

"...It seems that they found a way to open multiple portals, although it will take a while for them to recharge before doing this again. But they might not need to invade a second time, since they can send a small army now, along with Hans and Sylvia."

This was the worst possible outcome.

"Where will they attack?"

"The portals will open in a place called Shibuya."

Shibuya… huh?

I thought the pagers were a scam at first, but they really saved our ass.

Wiz looked at me apologetically. She said,

"I'm sorry, Kazuma-san. I'd like to help, but…"

I chuckled and smiled at her.

"If you want to help, then give me another big discount."

"T-That's a separate matter!"

Wiz was an adult woman, but she sure acted childish. I found that incredibly charming.
The captured demon chuckled quietly to himself. I turned to look at him.

"...What are you so happy about? You think you're gonna get rescued at this rate?"

He crossed his arms and gave me a smug smile.

"That's the case, is it not? There's no way you can withstand an assault from Hans-sama and Sylvia-sama! Maybe you stood a chance back when our portals were limited, but we've improved them now. All hail the Demon King!"

He turned to Vanir hatefully and glared at him.

"As for you, traitor! Wiz-sama gets a pass since she's a neutral party, but you're actively helping the humans! Shame on you!"

Vanir laughed at the demon and swept his hair back.

"There's a lesson to be learned here. Never trust a devil! Moihahaha!"

Vanir seemed to really like switching sides.

…

…

Once I gave all the information to Sena, I went back to the dungeon, where my team was waiting.

"I'm sorry for the delay, everyone. I assume you received the news?"

They nodded as they stared gravely at the ground.

"The worst case scenario, huh…?"

"I hope Shibuya can handle the attack…"

"Even if we deter the invasion, the property damage is sure to be devastating."

I clapped my hands to get their attention.

"Oi, you're all supposed to be badass soldiers, aren't you? What's with all the negative talk? If you've got enough energy to sulk, then you have enough energy to hunt some monsters!"

That cheered them up. They stood straighter and saluted me.

"Sir, yes, sir!"

I gave them the equipment from the lizardmen, then we went through the first floor.

They were getting better with unit formations and easily dealt with the monsters along the way. They had higher stats than me when I started, and if I could get through the first floor on my own, then a group of trained soldiers could do it as well.

That was, until…

"W-What is this thing?!"

The only female soldier of the group, Sgt. Fujimoto Marika, got taken off guard by a slime with a transparent body. I also didn't notice it, since it was hidden so well.

"Ah… This must be the cloth eating slime that Yunyun mentioned before."

"Cloth eating slime?!"

She tried to rip off the slime that stuck itself to her, and yelped in surprise when her armor and uniform started to melt.

"Eeeek?! What's going on?!"

It was hard to take our eyes away from her, but Sgt. Fujimoto was a very attractive young woman who had a fit body from all her training. She also had a rather large pair of breasts.

"Men, turn away! As the field commander, I will burden myself with the task of helping her…"

The men all gave me blank, unimpressed looks.

"Sir… No one is falling for that BS."

"We were trained to always help a comrade in danger!"

"She clearly needs help!"

Sgt. Fujimoto glared at us as her clothing was slowly melting. She said,

"Then why isn't anyone helping?! You're all just staring at me!"

"Calm down, Sergeant. My [Lore Reading] skill is telling me that cloth eating slimes aren't harmful. They just eat your clothes and armor as a form of sustenance, but they will leave your actual body alone."

She looked down at her skin, which the slime was intentionally avoiding.

"C-Come to think of it, this doesn't hurt at all."

"So just calmly let the slime eat your clothes. Don't worry, I'll supervise to make sure nothing is wrong."

"...Why do you need to supervise?"

"Like I said, in case something goes wrong."

"You're just staring at one place in particular…"

She said, while covering up her chest.

"Don't mind me."

"Of course I'll mind! And you lot, why are you watching, too?!"

The others hurriedly turned around once she started yelling at them.

Finally, the cloth eating slime had its fill and slithered away.

"And of course it doesn't attack the men…"

She muttered bitterly, as I took out spare gear and handed it over to her.

"Good work, Sergeant. You handled that well."

"...Thanks, I guess."

She did seem pretty grateful, since if I didn't tell her about the harmless nature of the cloth eating slime, she might have done something drastic to peel it off.

After that, we trained some more in the dungeon, until they reached level 5.

Quest completed! Train the JSDF soldiers to level 5!

Quest Reward: You learn the [Teaching] skill!

[Teaching] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

When you're teaching someone, they will understand concepts better according to their 'Intelligence'. They will gain increased stat increases depending on the success of your lessons, which also depends on your own 'Intelligence' stat (78).

Your bond with the Satou Kazuma Squad has deepened!

Satou Kazuma Squad (JSDF Forces), Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, this squad will already obey all your orders and your command. However, this doesn't mean that you have earned their loyalty and respect yet, although they acknowledge that you are knowledgeable and dependable when it comes to matters about the dungeon. Marika thinks that you're a pervert, while the men appreciate your perverted nature. They are merely following your orders out of professional obligation, but a sense of camaraderie is forming.

Bond Reward: You learn the [Leadership] skill!

[Leadership] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

If you are leading a group in combat, all members aside from yourself will receive +1 to their physical stats. Your 'Charisma' stat (78) determines whether they follow your instructions or not.

Part 3

Everyone already received the news when I got back to the mansion. Aqua had Emperor Zell resting on a pillow on her lap as she laid her hands over the egg. She said,

"It's time to show those lowly demons what my precious app-users can do, huh?"

She viewed her app-users as followers, even though I didn't really hear anything about them worshiping Aqua.

Aside from Mitsurugi, maybe.

"I've been saving up my explosion for this moment…"

Megumin said, chuckling to herself as she nodded.

I stared at her and said,

"Your explosion might be the key to this battle. Make sure you use it at the right moment."

"You don't have to tell me if all people, Kazuma! I know best when the best time to use explosion is!"

"If your answer is 'anytime', you're wrong."

"It should be fine with all the app-users who are going to be present, right?"

Darkness asked, with a worried frown on her face.

"We're dealing with some real heavy hitters this time. Besides, those app-users won't listen to anyone."

Mitsurugi raised his hand.

"I'll try my best to organize them. They're normal people, at the end of the day. I'm sure they'll do what's right to protect everyone."

He sure was optimistic about our fellow app-users, despite seeing what the typical app-user was like in the tournament. One guy was even ready to shoot off a fire tornado in a crowded stadium.

Maybe if this were another world, where the public accepted things like magic and divine weapons, these app-users could have been more reliable. After all, they could enjoy their edgy power-fantasy however they wanted. But in our current world, the knowledge of the app and the other world would only cause unnecessary panic to the general populace. Not a lot of them seemed to care about that too much.

"I can only hope that everyone will be OK…"

Yunyun had a worried look, which made Rin pat her on the shoulder comfortingly.

"It's fine! I've been training a lot in the dungeon, too. I'm sure it will all work out in the…"

"Hold it, Rin."

"Don't finish that sentence."

Both Aqua and I had the same idea.

"Eh? Did I say something wrong?"

Rin was confused why we stopped her.

"Try to avoid setting any flags. Avoiding cliches and flags is our number one priority."

Mitsurugi remembered that discussion we had before, when I lectured him about the same thing. He sighed and said,

"You know, I've been reading all the manga you recommended to me, Satou, but I still don't get how any of those flags and stuff would actually affect or influence any outcome. Unavoidable events will happen, no matter what you say. Even if you say that you're gonna get married after the battle, it doesn't mean you're gonna die, nor will it mean that you'll survive. It's all just up to chance."

Even though Aqua was agreeing with me, Mitsurugi still didn't accept my logic. I guess he wasn't a total kiss-ass.

"Listen, Mitsurugi. We have just recently learned that goddesses and fate are real, tangible things in our reality. In a world where one's personal luck can be quantified by a number, why would you risk saying or doing things that could influence your karmic fate?"

There was even a goddess who governed over luck, Eris-sama. Clearly, luck was a force that could be measured and manipulated.

He finally started to understand it, realization dawning on his face.

"I-I see. That does make sense."

It was quite foolish to not believe in superstition or the existence of the divine, when there was one living with us, after all.

"Then, maybe we should go to a shrine for good luck?"

Rin suggested, which made Sena smile.

"I can drive everyone to the local shrine tonight. It should be a good way to clear our heads before the battle tomorrow."

"What a lovely idea. I've always wanted to sightsee in one of Tokyo's famous shrines."

Darkness said, which made me feel a bit bad, since I never offered to take her sightseeing, even though she was essentially a tourist here.

"Maybe after the battle we can…"

"Kazuma, don't say it!"

"Ah!"

I stopped myself before I triggered a flag. That was a close one.

Thankfully, Aqua stopped me.

…

…

We arrived at a shrine after Sena drove us there in the bus, which was parked outside of the mansion after it was used to help us move in. The place was empty, since the government already ordered an evacuation order for the earthquake. However, we saw that there was still an old man there, who looked like the head priest.

Sena gave her best smile and approached the old man, thinking that he didn't receive the evacuation orders.

"Um, excuse me, but there was an evacuation order that was issued…"

"Don't care."

The old man dismissed her right away. He was sweeping the grounds of the shrine with a broom. He was bald and had a stubborn, hardset air about him.

"Um, but, there's going to be a massive earthquake, and…"

"Then, I guess I'll just die!"

He was one of those old folk who ignored evacuation warnings.

Sena went back to us, looking frustrated.

"What are we going to do about him?"

I rubbed my chin and said,

"I suppose we can't just kidnap him, right?"

"Of course not."

Whether he wanted to evacuate or not was his right. I guess we couldn't just force him to leave.

Aqua smiled and went up to the old man.

"Hey, old man, is there a reason why you wanna stay here? Do you not have insurance on this shrine, or something?"

What the hell was she saying? Was she trying to get on his good side, or piss him off?

The old man glanced at her and said,
"My wife died when we were still in our twenties, and we never had any kids. My only source of happiness in this life is this shrine, and if it's just gonna be destroyed by some earthquake, then I might as well die with it."

We didn't expect to hear such a heavy answer, so we were struck silent.

"Wait, why are you younguns here, if there was an evacuation order?"

This old guy was pretty sharp.

Sena used the cover story we agreed on.

"We're helping people who haven't evacuated yet find the nearest shelter. Please, come with us."

"Don't wanna. Now buy some charms or go away."

Seeing how he wasn't intent on moving, we just took his suggestion and bought some charms.

"Eh? Bad luck? Why did I get bad luck?!"

Aqua always seemed to forget that she had a horrendous luck stat.

Meanwhile, for me…

Your luck stat increased by +1!

The luck stat that hasn't increased all this time finally got an increase.

I tried to buy another charm, and although I got the same draw, I didn't get a stat increase.

Only certain shrines will give a luck increase! Try to find them all!

It was like a scavenger hunt questline in a game.

Part 4

"What are we gonna do about that old man?"

Mitsurugi said, as we made our way back to the mansion. He sat next to me, wanting to talk about the old man.

"There's probably others who refused to evacuate, as well."

I said, as I watched Megumin and Yunyun playing janken, with Yunyun somehow losing all the rounds because of Megumin's mind games.

"There must be something we can do…"

"There's a lot of area to protect, and we can't leave our station just to protect those stubborn fools. Just treat this like an ordinary natural disaster. If people choose not to evacuate, it's their choice. But we should prioritize protecting the people who do choose to evacuate."

It may seem like a cruel choice, but it was even crueler to leave behind the people who did choose to properly evacuate, for the sake of those who stayed behind.

"It leaves a bad taste in my mouth, but I guess you're right."

It made me feel bad, too, especially since I received a rare luck stat upgrade from the old man's shrine. But it'd make me feel even worse if we lost the battle, just because we gave in to the guilt.

When we got back to the mansion, the others split up to do their own thing. They didn't outright show it, but I could sense the nerves.

I was trying to relax in my room, listening to music, when I heard a knock on the door.

"Come in."

Rin walked in, wearing her pajamas, which was of course, magic tanuki girl themed. She smiled at me as I sat up on the bed, taking off my earbuds.

"Watcha doin', senpai?"

"I'm just trying to relax."

"Sorry, am I bothering you?"

"Not at all. Something on your mind?"

She sat down next to me, resting her head on my shoulder. I enjoyed the contact, feeling her slim body against mine. I let my hand circle around her waist. She giggled and took one of my ear buds, putting it on.

"You know, we never really discussed what kind of music we like. Oh, this is a popular song, isn't it?"

"Yeah. I don't really know what to listen to, so I guess I just listen to whatever's currently popular."

"Yeah, I'm kinda the same. It makes us kinda uncultured, doesn't it?"

"Maybe."

She leaned into me even more.

"Senpai, I'm scared."

I wasn't surprised. Rin was the least experienced app-user among us, even if she was the only cheat item user aside from Mitsurugi. I stroked her hair, trying to comfort her as much as I could.

This whole time, I wasn't trying to think about it, but I was thinking that maybe I made a mistake. Maybe Rin would have been safer if she didn't know anything about the dungeon, if she just stayed in the evacuation center, along with everyone else. If something happened to her, and Aqua wasn't around to resurrect her, I wouldn't know what to do with myself.

Was I ready to face that kind of grief? Rin was special to me. Even before I started realizing my feelings for Aqua, it was Rin who first showed an interest in me.

I was about to cave in, tell Rin to just stay at the evacuation center. I'd tell her that her role was to protect the citizens inside, in case the demon king army managed to get through. But then I saw determination filling her eyes, until she smiled and met my gaze.

"I'm gonna be like the Magic Tanuki Girl, senpai! I'm not gonna cower away in the face of evil!"

That made me chuckle. I shouldn't have worried so much. Rin was strong and brave, perhaps even more than me.

"I'll protect you, Rin. I promise."

"Senpai…"

She closed her eyes and tilted her head. I leaned in and we kissed.

Rin had never been the type to take charge. That was why it surprised me when she deepened the kiss on her own, and I felt her small tongue meeting mine, sliding along the tip of my tongue, then underneath.

I cupped the side of her face, feeling her soft skin and the perfect contours of her cheek bones. I smelled strawberry shampoo on her hair. I felt her neck, then her collarbone, before holding her shoulder and gently shifting her away.

I looked at her flushed face, and the shimmering look of desire in her eyes.

"Senpai… I don't wanna have any regrets, so…"

It could be our last night together, our last chance to do this. That was what her words meant.

I wanted to tell her that she didn't need to rush things, but I also didn't know what was going to happen. Not even Vanir had a 100% success rate when it came to predicting the myriad paths leading to the future. I nodded and leaned in to kiss her neck. She gasped from the contact, her back sliding along the headrest of the bed.

"I want you, Rin."

She nodded and closed her eyes again as I trailed kisses down her neck, my fingers going up to her pajama top, unbuttoning it.

She was blushing when I saw her wearing some rather bold underwear, a green lingerie bra.

"You seem to like the color green, so I chose this out with Aqua. Do you like it?"

"Yeah, I do."

"Sorry, my chest isn't as big as Aqua."

"Don't worry, you're perfect."

I kissed down from her collarbone, to her cleavage, earning a shiver of pleasure from her.

"Does it open at the back, or the front?"

"From the front."

I nodded and easily unlatched her bra from the front hook. She pouted for some reason.

"...I know it's stupid of me to get jealous, but senpai, you seem way too experienced at this."

"Eh? What do you mean?"

"I mean, you're unhooking my bra so easily with one hand."

I suppose it was a bad time to tell her that I once unhooked Aqua's bra with my teeth.

I looked down at her petite breasts. They were so cute, but the perkiness and erotic curve they added to her delicate figure also elevated my arousal even further. I took one of her pink nipples in my mouth. She squealed adorably, hands finding their way to my head.

"Geez, senpai! At least warn me before you do that!"

I smiled sheepishly, reluctantly letting her nipple out from my mouth with a pop.

"Sorry, I couldn't help it."

"You can keep doing it, but warn me next time."

I nodded and enjoyed her pert nipple in my mouth again. She moaned this time, a lower, more comfortable moan. She untensed, laying back against the headrest as I attended to her. This time, I let my hands hover over her panties and looked up at her with an unspoken question in my eyes. She bit her lip, before nodding.

My hands found her slit under her panties. I used my thumb to gently feel the shape of her entrance, circling around its perimeter. Her face was awash with pleasure as she let out small moans. Once she was comfortable, I slipped her panties down, seeing her womanhood directly for the first time, seeing her naked for the first time.

"You're beautiful, Rin."

Her cheeks were a lovely red.

"Senpai, you're such a playboy…"

"Yeah. Sorry."

"You don't have to apologize. I knew what I was getting into."

"I want you, Rin."

"I know."

"Can I?"

"Yeah. Take me, senpai."

I stripped naked as well, letting her see my cock for the first time. She stared at it, curious lust in her eyes. No matter how innocent she was, Rin was a highschool girl. She had her own wants and needs.

"You wanna touch it?"

I didn't tease her about it, since I had been at her place once, when all I could think about was what the opposite gender would feel like. And I knew I wasn't the same NEET from before. I was ripped now, toned muscles with little body fat. I couldn't blame Rin for wanting to touch me, wanting to indulge in her teenage curiosities.

She didn't answer, but she reached out and felt my cock. I gave her a moan, letting her know that I enjoyed having her touch me for the first time.
"You're so hard, senpai…"

"That's because of you, Rin."

She stroked me a few more times, and once her curiosity was satiated, she placed her hands to her sides again, and I knew that she was ready for the next step.

It had been a while since I took Aqua's virginity, and that was a bit of a disaster. To be fair, I didn't know Aqua was a virgin to begin with. With Rin, there were no doubts about that. I carefully rubbed my glans along her entrance, rubbing along that pink line. She twitched and let out a long moan when I found her clitoris and rubbed circles along it with my glans. Her clit hardened up, her lips swelling as well. She was wet, warm, and I wanted to enter her so badly.

I held her waist with one hand, the other steadying my shaft as I carefully inserted myself in her. I drew close, bit-by-bit, until I felt resistance. With careful prodding, I found the right timing, piercing through her hymen with purpose. She flinched from the pain, hands reaching for my wrists for support.

"Want me to heal you?"

"No, it's fine. I wanna do this properly."

I let her rest for a few minutes, finding myself almost losing my patience as Rin's tight, warm pussy wrapped around me with a clinging embrace. Her small frame added to the cramped tightness of her insides, her defloration pain making her walls squirm and undulate around me. It felt good just staying still, and I wanted to know how good it'd feel to move inside her.

Once I received her permission, I let her hold my wrists as I placed my arms on either side of her head. She gripped them like handlebars on a roller coaster. With careful, deliberate movements, I started grinding inside her.

"Ah, senpai… Mnn!"

The sting was gone, and she was starting to feel the pleasure. Her face was completely flushed, eyes bleary and wet. Her nipples stood in attention as her petite breasts bounced along with my slow thrusts. I didn't focus on my pleasure, choosing to prioritize her comfort. This was her moment.

She looked at my face, then at my muscular body, and I could practically see multiple fantasies and wishes fulfilling themselves in her eyes. She was having sex with her first lover, her dependable senpai. It probably helped that I recently got abs and defined shoulders and biceps.

It was a strange feeling for me, having a girl look at me as attractive. I only really cared about how girls looked. I never really thought about it from their perspective. Once I realized that Rin found me as attractive as I found her, I intentionally flexed my muscles–not in an obvious way–just subtle enough for it to look like an accident. It helped that I was moving, thrusting inside Rin, which made my muscles naturally flex.

Rin was an open book. Her eyes widened, mouth widening, eyes flitting all over different muscle groups. She seemed to especially like my abs. I made a point of switching my angle, lowering my hips, intentionally rubbing my defined lower abs against her clitoris.

"Ahhh… Senpai! This is… Ahh… Ahhh!"

I recognized the change in the pitch of her voice, the way her whole body tightened even more around me, how her breathing sped up. I kept thrusting, rubbing myself on her clit.

"I love you, senpai! Hnnnnnnghhh!"

A love confession left her lips just as she climaxed.

I stayed in her, letting her come down from her high, before carefully pulling away. She was breathing hard, eyes half-closed as she stared at the ceiling, back of her arm resting against her forehead.

"Ahhh… Wow… That was…"

I chuckled a little, enjoying how good I made her feel during her first time. I knew that wasn't always the case.

And then, she remembered what she said to me,

"I-I think I said something crazy in the heat of the moment…"

She blushed, covering her eyes with her hands.

"I love you, too, Rin."

It surprised me how easy and natural it was for me to say. But at the same time, I didn't feel any regret or hesitation.

We were just experimenting at the start, a no-pressure kind of highschool relationship. We even agreed on an open-relationship.

But maybe it was the craziness of this war looming over us, or the fact that we just made love, that I could finally say that I wanted something more with Rin than our current arrangement.

She giggled, making me laugh as well.

And then I realized that we set a flag.

"..."

"Senpai, what's wrong?"

"Rin, you shouldn't fight tomorrow."

"Ehh?! What brought that on?!"

"Well, if you wanna fight, just don't have any flashbacks about this moment. Oh, and don't mention that you have a lover waiting for you back home."

"Senpai, I don't get it…"

Perhaps she was starting to regret confessing to me now, after I said a bunch of weird otaku stuff after sex.

Your 'Charisma' increased by +2!

Your bond with Rin has reached the maximum rank!

Hinamori Rin (Librarian on Duty), Bond Rank: 7 (MAX)

At Rank 7, Hinamori Rin has fallen in love with you! You have become inseparable lovers! She accepts the fact that there will be other girls who love you, and she doesn't want to deprive them of your affections. You can make love to her anytime you two feel like it. You are now true lovers.

Bond Reward: You learn [Intermediate Magic]!

[Intermediate Magic] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (15 mp)

Unlock the ability to use the intermediate magic spells, [Fireball], [Wind Blade], [Freeze Gust], [Lightning], [Wind Wall].

[Fireball]

Throw a ball of fire with a range of 20 feet. Creatures within a 10-foot radius sphere receive 15 fire damage plus your Magic Power modifier (+7).

Spell Attack Accuracy: Intelligence modifier = 74% chance of hitting

[Wind Blade]

Release a blade of wind with a range of 40-feet. Creatures hit by the 10-foot wide blade receive 15 wind damage plus your Magic Power modifier (+7)

Spell Attack Accuracy: Intelligence modifier = 74% chance of hitting

[Freeze Gust]

Create a freezing fog that occupies a 15-foot cube. Creatures within contest their Willpower stat against your Magic Power stat. If they fail the contest, they will receive the 'Frozen' condition for five seconds. If they succeed the contest, they will receive the 'Slowed' condition for three seconds instead.

[Lightning]

Summon a bolt of lightning. A target within an 80 feet radius centered from yourself takes 15 lightning damage plus your Magic Power modifier (+7).

Spell Attack Accuracy: Intelligence modifier = 74% chance of hitting

[Wind Wall]

Summon a barricade of wind within 10 feet of yourself. It is 10 feet wide and 10 feet tall. Reduces the accuracy of incoming projectiles by your Magic Power modifier (+7).

Rin's final bond reward allowed me to learn intermediate magic.

We were both on the same level of magic now. Just like how our feelings were on the same wavelength.

Part 5

When you think of Shibuya Crossing, you probably think of streets packed with tourists, the Hachiko statue and cars stopping as the crosswalks are filled with a parade of flashing camera lights. When the traffic lights go green, the sightseers sprint to safety as the cars resume their trek.

What you probably don't expect to see is a bunch of Japanese youth dressed in armor, surrounded by JSDF ground forces marching behind a row of Type 10 MBTs. There were F-35s sweeping in the cloudy skies overhead. Military drones formed a scouting perimeter around the district, watching for any citizens left behind, as well as any sign of portals from another dimension opening.

"Hey, what gives? What the hell is the military doing here?!"

An app-user said, not expecting to see government involvement.

"You guys should just leave it to us app-users! We're the only ones who can save the world!"

"Yeah, you can just give us awards and money later!"

Just like I suspected, the app-users got pissy once they learned the government was aware of the
invasion. They were really intent on just fighting the demon king army in Shibuya without even
alerting the government, or at least giving them a chance to evacuate people.

They were probably looking forward to fighting in front of the citizens, getting cheers from the crowd, rescuing beautiful girls from the invaders.

I didn't have any interest in whatever juvenile fantasies they might have had. I took a megaphone from Sena and said,

"This is First Lieutenant Satou Kazuma speaking! The government has been aware of the involvement of the app-users from the start! We have also developed weaponry to deal with the incoming threat! We have chosen to leave app-users alone, since you have proven yourselves useful thus far. You will be given free-reign to act as you wish, but we ask that you do not interfere with government operations. Thank you for your cooperation."

By pretending like the government was aware of them from the start, it made the government seem more competent in their eyes, a force that they shouldn't mess with. But rather than straight up antagonizing them, I stroked their ego a little bit by telling them they had permission to do as they wished.

It worked as expected, since they were quite the predictable lot. They went right back to their jovial mood, somehow excited even though their country and world was in danger of falling to invaders from another world.

"These guys sure are something, huh?"

I turned around when I heard Chris's voice. She waved at us while sauntering over.

"Chris! I'm glad you could make it!"

Darkness said, greeting her old friend.

"Yeah, sorry I couldn't come over to the mansion this whole time!"

She glanced at me, before looking away, a hint of a blush on her cheeks.

Don't tell me… She made up an excuse to not show up because she felt awkward about last time?

I wanted to talk to Chris, but she was busy catching up with Darkness. Instead, I headed over to my JSDF trainees.

"How are you guys?"

I asked, watching them do equipment checks. Along with their guns, they also had short swords from the dungeon on their tactical belts. They had more tools available in their inventory, too.

Fujimoto-san sighed, sweeping her short hair back behind her ear.

"We're nervous, sir, but it's just pre-game jitters. I'm sure we'll be ready and focused when the fighting starts."

"Here's a word of advice. Just let the app-users charge in first, so we can ascertain the capability of the enemy."

"W-We can't just let teenagers charge in first, sir!"

"Those teenagers are pretty much superhumans at this point, with a whole bunch of unfair abilities and items. Don't treat them like normal teenagers, just like how you don't treat me like a normal teenager."

"Understood, sir!"

They saluted me, which I returned with my own salute, before returning to the others.

"Yooo… Kazuma, who was that hot chick you were talking to? Think you can introduce me?"

Dust appeared out of nowhere. I didn't think he'd actually show up, but he was probably just motivated by the money.

"I don't think I'm in a position to give you her number."

"If you're gunning for her, just say so, dude. I'm not gonna cockblock you."

This guy was awfully confident in his stupid assumptions.

"Hm? Senpai, who's this?"

Rin said, noticing me talking to someone she didn't recognize. Rin was probably the last person I wanted Dust to meet.

Surely enough, he looked at Rin and whistled.

"Whoa, this girl's cute, Kazuma. You hit that yet?"

Was sex the only thing he had going on in his brain?

"...That's none of your business."

Rin wasn't amused, giving him a dark glare.

"Whoa, scary. She seems like the type who'd cut your manhood off if you snuck up on her at night."

"Speaking from experience?"

"Of course I am."

He almost seemed proud to say that.

"Senpai… Why is this gentle… Who is this man?"

Rin couldn't even bear to call Dust a gentleman.

"His name's Dust. Don't worry, he's relatively harmless. He's gonna help us during the fight, so please get along."

"...It's a pleasure to meet you, I guess, Dust-san."

"You can give me pleasure, alright…"

I didn't really feel jealous or protective, but I knew I had to say something or Rin might get mad at me for not protecting her honor.

"Oi, Dust, that's not the right way to talk to girls…"

"Eh? I thought girls like that kinda stuff."

"No way."

It was Rin who answered this time.

"Senpai, I'm concerned about this guy. Is it OK if I exchange numbers with him?"

I shrugged and nodded.

"Yeah, sure."

I trusted Rin, and I couldn't exactly use the whole jealous boyfriend card, considering all the stuff with other girls she lets me get away with.

Besides, I couldn't imagine her falling for Dust.

Dust was ecstatic about getting Rin's number, though, even when she made it clear that she was just worried about him since he seemed so hopeless.

"I can't leave hopeless guys alone. They're like stray puppies to me."

I found it amusing at first, but then I thought about it.

Did she view me the same way at the start? Was that why she befriended me?
"..."

"Senpai? Why do you have that worried look on your face? Are you nervous about the battle?"

I was worried about something more important.

I decided to clear my head from such troubling thoughts by leaving Rin to chat with Dust. I went to the others, namely, Megumin, Aqua, Yunyun and Mitsurugi, who were chatting in a group. Megumin was animatedly swinging her arms around, trying to illustrate something with her movements.

"...And that's how I'll finish the fight! With a mighty explosion!"

"I doubt it'd end that easily or spectacularly."

Mitsurugi said, not impressed by Megumin's ideal scenario. Now he knew what I felt, dealing with this girl.

"Perhaps I should start off the assault with a flood-level water magic?"

Aqua said, to which I immediately said,

"No way! Are you planning on flooding the entirety of Shibuya, or what?!"

"...Well, sacrificing one city is better than having the demon king army invade all of Japan, right?"

In a messed up way, her logic made sense. Was it because she was a goddess that she could see things from a larger-scale than me?

No, she was just being a dumbass like usual.

"So… As someone who can use teleport, my task is to find injured people during the battle and teleport them to Aqua-san, right?"

Yunyun asked, confirming the plan with me.

"Yeah, Yunyun's advanced magic is also useful, but it's not like we lack manpower. You and I will act as utility and support. Whenever you run out of mana, I'll use [Drain Touch] to resupply you. If we need to attack, then we'll join the combat."

My dream simulations against Sylvia showed me that, even with all my upgrades, I still couldn't overpower a full-powered general just from my skillset alone. So all I needed to focus on was supporting the OP cheat item users and the military.

"I-I'll make sure to protect everyone!"

I smiled, about to praise Yunyun for being such a team player, when suddenly…

"...! It's here!"

The first portal opened.

And then another.

Until the streets of Shibuya were filled with countless portals from another world.
Last edited: Oct 28, 2024
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, JOJOBRN and 369 others
BoringBone
Oct 28, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 30: Wrecking Shibuya With A Destructive Battle!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Nov 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#646
Chapter 30: Wrecking Shibuya With A Destructive Battle!

Part 1

Countless portals opened all around us. The demon types I saw from the dream simulation came out, a mix of large demons and small ones. They had mean snarls on their faces as they emerged from the portals with bloodlust in their eyes.

"Hoh… So this is the other world, huh?"

Following after the demons were what appeared as two humans, although I knew better. The tall, tanned woman wearing a revealing red dress was Sylvia the chimera, and the middle-aged man was actually a giant poison slime in a human form, Hans.

The one who spoke was Sylvia. Immediately, she caught the eyes of the guys watching, drawn to her large breasts exposed by her low cut dress.

"Whoa, who's the hot chick?!"

"Hey, baby, why don't you quit the demon king army and come with me? I'll treat you right!"

"Why don't we just let them win and have her dominate us?"

Sylvia chuckled, eyeing the guys swooning over her.

"Fufu… What fine men this world has. Once I conquer this world, I will let you men join my harem. What do you say?"

"Yes, mommy!"

"I volunteer!"

"In fact, why don't you take me now?!"

There were several app-users who actually went over to Sylvia's side.

"W-What's going on?! Why are our own forces siding with the bad guys?!"

Darkness said, unable to believe her eyes as a bunch of dudes betrayed us.

I wasn't actually all that surprised. If I was still a lonely, virgin NEET and a woman like Sylvia came in and made that same offer, I would have joined her in a heartbeat.

Sena used her megaphone to speak to the traitors.

"A-Attention, app-users! You are all still citizens of Japan! If you join the enemy side, it will be considered the same as high treason!"

The traitors weren't impressed by Sena's threats.

"And what can you do to us, lady?! Are you willing to give us a sexy service like this babe over here?!"

The guy who said that to Sena wrapped his arm around Sylvia's waist, who smiled and patted his head affectionately.

"Fufu… Good boy. I'll reward you later."

"Thank you, mommy!"

"I might even let you lick it…"

"Yes, please! I'll lick and suckle whatever you want!"

"Oh, dear! My stick throbbed when you said that!"

"..."

Silence filled the street.

The traitor uneasily smiled, as he turned to Sylvia.

"Um, come again?"

"Come again? But I haven't even come yet? You're gonna lick my stick plenty after we're done here, right? Then you'll make me come, won't you?"

"S-Stick?"

When I heard that, I went ahead and used [Lore Reading] on Sylvia.
"Oi… It says here that chimeras are often hermaphrodites, since they are made up of many parts at once."

I said to the traitor, who still had his arm wrapped around Sylvia.

"Ah, is that so? Well, then, I think I'll head back to this side."

"[Bind]."

Sylvia tied up the traitor who tried to escape. She grinned and said,

"Oh, my. What's the hurry? You said you'd lick me plenty, right?"

"I'm sorry?! I don't think I'm ready for this!"

"Don't be shy~!"

"Eeeep! Somebody save me!"

The other traitors tried to escape, but Sylvia tied them up as well.

"Hah… Trying to leave so soon? Why don't I absorb you, so I won't have to worry about you being naughty and running away…"

"Gahhh! Help me! Gurk!"

Sylvia started to absorb the traitors into her body. They disappeared within her flesh in a matter of seconds.

"Stop her! If she gets a hold of those cheat users, she might be able to use their items!"

Mitsurugi heard my warning. With a burst of speed, he drew his sword and attacked Sylvia.

"Whoa there, can't have you harming my ally."

Hans, who hadn't said anything all this time, got in the way and blocked Mitsurugi's attack with the back of his arm. The sword got stuck in his arm, which revealed its true form underneath as thick slime. Mitsurugi had to use all his strength to pull Gram out and retreat from Hans.

The JSDF took the opening once Mitsurugi escaped to fire at Hans. However, even with the composite bullets, Hans didn't seem hurt at all, the bullets sticking into his slimy body. Then, he expelled the bullets, leaving small holes that let us see his true form, before he repaired his skin. He looked surprised by the bullets, picking one up from the ground.

"Sylvia, it looks like this world found a way to damage us. How ingenious."

"Oh, my. I would like to meet the one in charge of inventing these projectiles. I hope they're a man…"

I shivered when I heard that, trying to hide myself.

And that was when Aqua decided to open her big mouth.

"Fufu… The inventor of these bullets is none other than this guy right here, Satou Kazuma!"

She took out her fans and gestured to me, even releasing confetti and a stream of water to supplement the grand announcement.

"Are you scared? You should be. Because Kazuma here has come up with all sorts of ways to stop you! You can even say that he's the control tower leading our forces!"

Even though she was a self-proclaimed genius, Megumin joined in on Aqua's stupid stunt.

"Wow! Senpai, you're really smart, huh?"

They even influenced Rin to join in.

"Satou Kazuma… Ah, you're quite the catch, aren't you?"

Now Sylvia had her eyes set on me.

"You can have your fun after we win, Sylvia, but for now…"

Hans took the bullet he picked up and absorbed it within his hand.

Then, he pointed his index finger towards a JSDF soldier.

The bullet came flying out of his finger at speeds equivalent to the assault rifle it was fired from.

"[Steal]!"

I used steal on the bullet while it was midair. It was seconds away from hitting the soldier's head.

I tossed the bullet away, which made Hans whistle in admiration.

"You know, I think I'm starting to figure out who really killed Beldia."

"Like I said, he is quite the catch."

After seeing Hans fire the bullet, the app-users started to move.

"The enemy attacked! Let's get them!"

"Yosh! I've been looking forward to this battle!"

"Get out of the way! It's time to show off my ultimate attack…!"

I wanted to tell them to coordinate their attacks instead of attacking all at once, but…

The army of demons that were watching converged around their generals, stopping the app-users from attacking.

"Kekeke! Whoever kills the most will get a reward from the demon king!"

"Let's show our best effort for Hans-sama and Sylvia-sama!"

"We'll take over this world in no time!

The demons and app-users clashed.

This marked the beginning of the war between dimensions.

Part 2

The tanks fired their ammunition mixed with materials from the dungeon, but Hans simply transformed his body into his proper form, that of an amorphous giant slime. Not only did the bullets fail to do any lasting damage to him, he even absorbed them and fired them back at the tanks, which took a direct hit.

His body kept growing, until he was the size of a small building. As if that wasn't enough, he transformed his body into a dome around the demon army, forming a hollow space for them inside. Then, he would open slots for them to fire their ranged weapons from, as well as allow for the mages to cast their spells. In this manner, even with all the app-users and modern weaponry infused with dungeon materials present, the demon army grained ground and pushed us back.

Not only that, but since Sylvia absorbed those app-users and their cheat items, she had some new toys to play around with.

She didn't even need to stay within the Hans bubble, marching outside as she fired beams from her eyes that turned its target into stone. When several app-users with the assassin class snuck up behind her, she grabbed them with spectral tentacles that emerged from her back. She laughed at the futile efforts of the app-users.

"Is this all this world is capable of? What a shame! And here I was, so excited for this day!"

She was about to absorb the assassins, but thankfully Yunyun reacted in time.

"[Teleport]!"

"...! Tsk… There's an annoying one with teleportation magic, huh?"

It would have been bad if Sylvia managed to absorb even more cheat items, on top of the ones she already had. I gave Yunyun a smile as she placed the defeated app-users down.

Megumin gritted her teeth as she aimed her staff at the advancing army.

"Ahhh! Those app-users are in the way! If I could get a clear shot, I can blow that stupid slime away!"

I grabbed the megaphone from Sena and said,

"App-users, please retreat!"

Despite my orders, they stubbornly stayed in their places, uselessly fighting Sylvia and Hans.

"W-What should we do, senpai?"

Rin said, looking for a chance to attack as well, but with our troops as disorganized as it was, there wasn't much we could do.

That was, until, I got an idea.

"Darkness, you wanna be useful for once?"

"I'm always useful!"

I ignored her complaints and pointed to the app-users.

"Use your [Taunt] on the app-users and lead them away."

"Using skills on our own allies? Is that wise?"

"At this point, they're more like hindrances than anything."

She eventually nodded and followed my instructions, getting the app-users attention and running to the side.

"[Taunt]!"

The app-users switched targets, going from trying uselessly to get through the demon army defenses to chasing Darkness.

The enemy didn't expect this sudden change in tactics. I turned to Megumin, Yunyun, Rin and Mitsurugi.

"Alright, here's your shot!"

They nodded and charged up their biggest attacks, with Aqua buffing all of them.

Yunyun summoned a storm of lightning bolts to rain down on the demon army, followed by a hail of arrows made out of light summoned by Rin. Mitsurugi lifted Gram and slashed down, releasing a wave of blue, destructive energy. Then, to finish it off…

"Explosion…!"

A fierce explosion rocked the area, causing the ground to shake. Nearby buildings had their windows blown off from the impact, as smoke rose in a slow, black pillar from the center of the explosion.

"T-Those were excellent attacks, I must admit, but…"

"It's gonna take more than that to finish us…"

Silvia and Hans were clearly damaged, there was no doubt about that, but the wounds they received weren't lethal.

Furthermore, Sylvia went on the aggressive, attacking the frontline of the JSDF forces, now that the app-users were out of the way.

I thought that the armored tanks would be safe from her, but…

She leapt into one and started absorbing it.

"S-She can absorb machines?!"

Sena said, as Sylvia created tank armor around her body, a tank gun growing out from her shoulder. She laughed once more, aiming the gun at us.

"Shit! Run!"

We all dispersed as she launched a round, demolishing several cars that were parked in the street behind us. She cackled, enjoying her newfound firepower.

"I must say, this world's weapons are not bad in the right hands!"

I looked around at my dispersed party members. Yunyun picked up Megumin who collapsed after using all her mana, and teleported away.

The others were also able to get away safely.

I took out the walkie-talkie we prepared for this battle, speaking to everyone in the team's channel.

"This is Kazuma speaking. Yunyun, teleport over to me with Megumin. We're going back to the dungeon to refill our mana. Mitsurugi, Rin and Aqua, try to buy some time for us. Darkness, bring the app-users back and use them as a diversion. Chris, try to use [Steal] to take out the cheat-items that Sylvia absorbed. We can't let her have that many weapons at their disposal."

Once I received the rogers from everyone, I switched to my JSDF team's channel.

"Satou here. How are you guys faring?"

It was Sgt. Fujimoto who answered.

"Not good! The chimera is attacking our tanks. Our team is doing its best to get their attention, but she doesn't care about us ground troops! Our composite bullets are barely doing any damage! Over!"

"Copy that. Start using the ghoul-claw grenades. Aim for when the slime fortress opens up and chuck the grenades inside. Even if you can't harm the generals, you might be able to paralyze the weaker demons within the bubble."

"Roger that!"

I looked at Sena, who ran away with me.

"Sena-san, please try to get the app-users to listen to our orders for once. We need Darkness in the frontline, not babysitting those brats."

She nodded, holding her megaphone to her chest.

"Leave it to me. I'll straighten them out."

After handing out orders, I turned to Yunyun and gave her the signal to teleport us to the dungeon.

Part 3

We entered the dungeon once Yunyun teleported us. I absorbed mana from the wall and held Megumin's hand, giving her mana. I also gave Yunyun mana, since she used a lot as well.

For this battle, we had Yunyun reallocate her marks, so she could use them strategically to teleport from the dungeon to the battle ground in Shibuya.

"What are we gonna do? Those guys seem pretty trough."

Megumin said, her mana reserves taking longer to fill up than mine, since she had so much.

"We'll have to rely on your explosion to break past their defenses."

Megumin's eyes shone bright red.

"Very well, the world shall know the glory of explosion magic henceforth!"

"Alright, that should be good enough. Let's head back."

Yunyun nodded and teleported us back to the battlefield.

Darkness led the app-users back to the battle, and Sena actually convinced some of them to behave. The military was trying their best to keep Hans and Sylvia at bay.

"[Steal]!"

"..! How can you keep stealing from me?!"

Chris, who had an abnormally high luck stat, was able to steal some cheat items back from Sylvia. There were also tank parts laying around her, although she hadn't stolen the main gun yet.

With Sylvia distracted by Chris, Aqua twirled her staff around and unleashed a beam of holy light.

"[Sacred Exorcism]!"

"Gyaaaa?!"

Perhaps parts of Sylvia's anatomy were demonic, too, since Aqua's holy magic had a lot of effect on her, although it wasn't enough to finish her off.

"Pufufufu! You sure are arrogant for someone who has stinky demonic parts! You're like a piece of mysterious meat that the housewives in the market never buy, so the owner just throws it away or feeds it to the dogs!"

"Why you! I hate arrogant pretty girls like you! You think you can just say whatever you want, huh?!"

"Oh, my! You seem bitter because I'm way hotter than you!"

"I'll shut you up for good!"

That idiot Aqua provoked Sylvia from breaking formation and attacking her.

"Gahhh! What is that idiot doing?! We could have gotten Sylvia and Hans together in a second blast of explosion!"

Those two wouldn't have expected it, since ordinary humans could only use explosion once in a battle. Aqua just had to run her mouth.

Thankfully, Mitsurugi and Rin were able to defend Aqua, who didn't stop provoking Sylvia. Chris also snuck up from behind and stole even more items and tank parts, stripping Sylvia down to her base form.

"Whatever, at least we can get Hans! Megumin, do your thing!"

"You don't need to tell me twice! Explo…!"

"...! That crazy explosion girl is back! Archers, attack!"

I should have known it wouldn't be that easy. The mages among the demons sensed Megumin charging her magic, ruining the element of surprise. Hans opened up his slime walls and let the archers shoot at us. However, once they did so…

My JSDF team rushed in and threw their ghoul-claw grenades inside.

Half of the demon archers were paralyzed, but the other half were able to resist with their high willpower scores. They still managed to shoot off their arrows.

"Megumin, keep charging up your explosion! Yunyun, let's block those arrows!"

"G-Got it!"

"[Wind Wall] x 2!"

I used my newly learned intermediate magic along with Yunyun, summoning our wind walls together to deflect the large volley of arrows headed our way.

Then, once Megumin was done chanting…

"Explosion…!!!"

She did an unnecessary pose and pointed her staff at Hans and the demon army, unleashing yet another powerful explosion.

The cries of the demons were engulfed by the blast. Unfortunately, the surroundings were scorched at this point, but it was a small price to pay for stopping this invasion.

When the smoke cleared, we saw the demons evacuating the Hans shield, which was starting to disintegrate. However, he was by no means defeated yet.

"...I'll kill… I'll kill all of you…!"

In his true slime form, he seemed to have entered some kind of berserker mode, especially after all the damage Megumin inflicted on him.

This was the perfect time to try out those new weapons Hyoizaburo-san developed.

I held my hand out to the sky and sent a bolt of fire. This was the signal.

Three F-35's flew overhead the distinct sound making everyone turn up to look.

Then they dropped three missiles aimed at Hans.

However, these weren't ordinary missiles.

They were filled with materials from the dungeon.

Hans screamed out in pain once the warheads filled with dungeon material made impact.

But that wasn't the only thing we had prepared.

Attack helicopters came soon after.

Military otaku out there might know about something the U.S. used against the Al Qaeda, the R-9X missiles, or 'The Flying Ginsu'.

Rather than rely on explosives to neutralize its target, the modified Hellfire missiles had blades inside them that skewered the target, giving them a fast, instant death.

Now, what would happen if those blades were commissioned from a certain blacksmith, and they arrived just in time for the military to insert them in these missiles?

And so, the R-9X-2 was born. Personally, I called it 'The Flying Chunchunmaru'.

As soon as the missiles made contact, the swords came out, piercing through the damaged body of Hans. He cried out in pain, his body melting even more.

Physical damage resistances aside, there comes a certain threshold where he had to take damage at some point. Taking warheads and sword missiles after two direct explosions meets that threshold.

The military acted swiftly, releasing gunfire, tanks unleashing barrages as well. The demons scattered, not wanting to go down with the ship. Sylvia was also out of position and couldn't come back to help Hans.

Rin, Mitsurugi and Aqua joined in, launching their own attacks, while Dust made himself useful for once and held back Sylvia with his longsword, with Chris assisting him.

The app-users saw that Hans was steadily losing hit points.

"...! I'm gonna get the killing blow!"

"No, I want the EXP!"

"Give it to me!"

They surrounded Hans with their cheat weapons, making sure he never caught a break as he was hit by one powerful attack after another.

"This is… We've underestimated this world! Ahhh!"

Hans cried, as he tried his best to endure the attacks, to no avail.

I didn't want to risk giving the final blow to some random app-user who didn't do anything until this point, so…

I held out my bow.

Before, I couldn't do this with [Tinder], since the flames were too weak to form into an arrow.

But now, I had the intermediate magic, [Fireball].

I formed a fire arrow and loaded it in my longbow.

This was the most powerful attack I had available to me. I even used [Enchant] to further power up the fire arrow.

"[Snipe]!"

Sensing the powerful attack, the app-users wisely moved out of the way.

"...! Kazuma, let me have some of that!"

Darkness dove in with Hans within the range of the attack, for some reason.

"This can't be happening to me…!"

Those were Hans' last words of lament as the fire arrow hit him, and he disintegrated into a pile of poisonous sludge.

…But just as the sludge was about to spread and infect everyone in the area.

"[Cursed Crystal Prison]!"

Yunyun came in clutch and froze the sludge, before it could harm anyone.

Part 4

"...Why did you do that?"

I said to Darkness, who was burnt from jumping into the path of the fire arrow.

She avoided my gaze.

"Sorry. Force of habit."

"Kind of an insane habit is that?"

Speaking of insane…

"Ufufufu! You were so cocky earlier, but your disgusting slime friend went ahead and died! That's really pathetic!"

Here was Aqua, continuing to needlessly provoke Sylvia.

Sylvia shook in anger, but she took a deep breath.

"I allowed myself to let you provoke me. Never again!"

This time, she ignored Aqua and headed toward the frozen Hans.

At first, I wondered what she was planning, until I remembered that she could breathe fire.

She was too fast for me to do anything. She inhaled and a stream of fire emerged from her mouth, engulfing the prison of ice Yunyun created. Even though Yunyun used powerful advanced magic, Sylvia's fire was enough to quickly melt it.

That didn't mean that Hans had recovered, though. He was still unable to form back, still damaged beyond repair. But Sylvia had other plans, aside from restoring him.

She placed her hands on her comrade.

"Allow me to absorb you, my friend!"

This was bad.

All I could do was helplessly watch as Sylvia's form changed, her body resembling Hans'. Her hair changed as well, taking on a slimy, gelatinous form.

"Mwahahaha! There's nothing your puny toys can do now!"

Some attack helicopters came and dropped more hellfire missiles, but they didn't even scratch the combined form of Hans and Sylvia. Not only that, but there were still the demons to deal with.

Thankfully, the app-users didn't fool around this time and dealt with the demon army, but with the attention of the cheat item users focused on the demons, Sylvia could run free and start absorbing the tanks again.

"Yes, yes! Give me those toys of yours to play with!"

Soon, she transformed into a half-mechanical, half-slime monstrosity. She had guns on her shoulders and arms, firing at our forces while receiving all their attacks without even showing that she was bothered by it.

"Yunyun, let's take Megumin back to the dungeon!"

Yunyun nodded and teleported us to the dungeon. We quickly entered inside and I set about refilling Megumin's mana supply.

This quickly became a disaster. It seemed like the upgraded Sylvia was actually more of a problem than when Hans and Sylvia were separated. She was practically unstoppable now.

"What do we do? I doubt that even my explosion will do anything to Sylvia now."

Even Megumin had to admit that her explosion wasn't enough.

"...First we'll deal with the underlings. That will make things easier. Megumin, blow up the demon army next time."

"Got it! I'll give those lowly demons a taste of my power!"

She was hanging around Aqua too much and started talking like her.

I turned to Yunyun and said,

"Let's try to jam her guns this time."

"Ah… How should we do that?"

"We'll use ice magic. Thankfully, there might be some wizards among the app-users, who will follow what we're doing."

"T-That's a great plan!"

I was glad that Yunyun was so optimistic about this, but it was only a stopgap measure, at best. We still didn't have a means to take Sylvia down.

Taking her down…

"Ah."

Megumin looked closely at my face.

"Kazuma's making a face he only makes when he's come up with a despicable plan."

"...You can't complain about my plan being despicable if the target is an enemy like Sylvia."

"So you admit that your plans are despicable."

She somehow turned that around on me.

Once Megumin was done refilling her mana, Yunyun teleported us back to the battlefield.

Sylvia was still pushing our forces back using her attacks in combination with her new tank guns.

"Megumin, do the only thing you're good at!"

"I don't like what you're implying, but that's not gonna stop me! Explosion!"

She released her third explosion of the day. Somehow, they kept on getting larger and more powerful with each detonation. Even more windows broke and the demon army had no chance to escape, their numbers greatly reduced by Megumin's explosion.

Without giving Sylvia a chance to retaliate…

"[Freeze Gust] x 2!"

Yunyun and I worked on freezing the guns, jamming the bullets before they could fire.

Thankfully, the spellcasters among the app-users figured out what we were trying to do and joined in.

"Tsk! Well, I don't need your toys to kill you all! I still have this!"

Sylvia yelled, relying on her fire breath instead of shooting from the jammed tank guns.

"Everyone, get behind me!"

Darkness jumped in front of the fire again. Even though she got scorched, the fact that she was still standing after receiving a direct hit was a testament to her defenses. She probably maxed out the [Heat Resistance] skill, too. As painful as it was, that spicy curry challenge was worth it to get that skill.

I wasn't planning on Darkness doing that, but that was the best thing she could have done. Taking advantage of the distraction, I radioed my JSDF team.

"Start setting up explosive charges around Sylvia, then wait for my signal!"

"Roger that!"

This time, they rode in a humvee, quickly dumping the explosive charges around Sylvia. By the time she noticed them, they were already a good distance away.

Then, when I gave the signal, they set the charges.

"Whaa…?!"

Even if Sylvia was invulnerable to damage, that didn't mean she could break the laws of physics.

The explosives shook her, making her tip over and fall on her ass. And since she gained a size increase from absorbing Hans, that just made it easier for her to fall over.

The soldiers took it a step further, throwing their ghoul-claw grenades at her.

"Gahhh! You little ants! Come back here!"

Sylvia tried to swat the humvees circling her, but they were too fast, and the paralyzing effect was quickly working.

The app-users took this chance to attack. They unleashed all their attacks on Sylvia, who was trying her best to stand up from a prone position. But her size made it difficult, especially with all manners of attacks hitting her.

Eventually, she decided to ditch her slime form, opting for her original, smaller form to have more mobility to dodge attacks.

I was hoping that she wouldn't do that, since it was much easier to hit her when she was larger. But I guess she was smart enough to avoid that.

And so, we were back to the starting point, with Sylvia in her base form.

Not only that, but just when I thought Hans was out of commission, the remnants of his slime body started splitting apart.

Soon, we had an army of poison slimes attacking us.

Part 5

"Owww! Help, help!"

"[Heal]!"

I healed the app-user who was poisoned by a slime, who Yunyun teleported to me. She was all over the place, bringing poisoned app-users to either me or Aqua.

Along with the poison slimes…

"Ufufu… You're quite cute, aren't you, boy? Let us unite!"

"Gahhh! Somebody save me…!"

Sylvia took advantage of the chaos to absorb more app-users, and whenever she was attacked, she'd use one of the app-users she absorbed as a shield, bringing them out from her body to make the attacker halt their assault.

"Tsk… We can't harm her at this rate."

Mitsurugi said, stopping his swing as Sylvia made a guy's face surface from her chest.

"You're quite strong, aren't you? Mitsurugi-kun, right? You're very handsome, too… Wanna combine?"

"No thank you!"

Mitsurugi ran away from Sylvia, who spread her arms wide for him.

Dust grinned as he looked at Sylvia.

"Hmm… You know, I'm kind of considering it. Do I get special 'rewards' later if I let you absorb me?"

Sylvia took one look at Dust and scoffed.

"In your dreams, bum."

"What?! A chimera actually rejected me?! Why, you!"

When he attacked her with his sword, she blocked his slash by making another sword protrude from her arm.

"You're in the way, nuisance!"

"Gahhh!"

Electricity surged out from the cheat-item, paralyzing Dust.

"Hmph… If you want me to eat you up so badly, I'll do just that!"

She ended up absorbing that idiot.

"Kazuma-kun, this is getting out of hand really fast! [Bind]!"

Chris threw a rope at a slime that tried to attach itself to her.

"Please tell me you thought of a plan already!"

If I did come up with one, I would have executed it right away. But this was honestly too much. I didn't think that Hans and Sylvia would be this powerful.

No, I could have found an easy solution against raw power. It was all their hax abilities that I was having problems with.

Right now, the biggest problem was Sylvia's absorption ability. She could use app-users as hostages and even steal their cheat-items. The poison slimes were also a problem, but they were more of a diversion than anything. And the demon army was reduced to a point where they weren't much of a problem anymore. Sylvia was the one we needed to target the most.

Now, in terms of dealing with the absorption ability…

I got an idea. I whispered to Chris, who backed away from me in surprise.

"Eh?! You want to do that to senpai… I mean, Aqua-san? No way!"

"You might find it hard to believe, but she's a real goddess."

"I believe that part! But doing that to her is too mean!"

"I've put her through a lot worse. She'll be fine."

"You should treat her better!"

I sighed and said,

"Look, it's not like we have a choice. Or do you know any other goddesses we can use for this?"

"Well… Fine, let's use her."

For some reason, she agreed right away after I mentioned using another goddess.

Aqua just finished healing an app-user when Chris and I approached her. She noticed us and looked up.

"Hm? What's the matter, you two? Need healing?"

"[Bind] x 2!"

Since Aqua had a really high defense, we both used bind on her to make sure she was properly tied up.

"Ehhh?! What are you doing?! Did you mistake me for Darkness, who would enjoy such a play?! Why are you doing this?!"

Darkness heard her name being called and saw us picking up Aqua as she was tied up.

"K-Kazuma, Chris! It looks like you're doing something amazing to Aqua right now!"

What was amazing about this?

Chris and I ignored Aqua's screams and Darkness's nonsense, as we carried Aqua over to Sylvia.

"Oi, Sylvia! Catch!"

We then proceeded to throw Aqua at her.

"Oh? Have you given up and provided an offering to me? This Arch-Priest has given me a lot of trouble, so I will gladly accept your peace offering! Gyaaa?! What's this?! It burns!"

As soon as she absorbed Aqua, she was burned by the divine aura Aqua emitted.

Her divinity was so strong that she turned every wine and tea into normal water with just a touch. That same divinity burned Sylvia from the inside out.

"Get this thing off me!"

When she tried to expel Aqua, I ran forward and kicked Aqua's head in, bringing her back into Sylvia's body.

"Oiii! Kazuma, what are you doing?! You're never gonna get any pussy from me after this ever again!"

Aqua was infuriated, as expected. That threat did make me hesitate, but Chris joined in on kicking Aqua's head back into Sylvia's body.

"I'm sorry, senpai! Please bear with it!"

"Who are you calling senpai?! And that annoying tone of voice sounds awfully familiar!"

As Sylvia kept screaming from the pain, Chris and I bound her with bind. Then, we turned to the app-users.

"Now's our chance! Take out all those slimes and let's finish off Sylvia!"

"Yosh!"

They listened right away, no longer talking about defying orders once they experienced their first taste of war. Getting poisoned and absorbed by a chimera must have finally awakened their common sense.

The soldiers also helped, finishing off the last of the demons.

"You really think I'll let you do as you wish?! Fire breath!"

"...! Chris!"

I wrapped my arms around Chris and tried my best to cover her from the fire, summoning an ice shield. If it wasn't for my [Heat Resistance] and the shield, I would have been done for already. But that still took a big chunk of my health. Chris looked at me worriedly as I healed myself.

"Kazuma-kun! Are you OK?!"

"Yeah, I'm fine…"

"You saved me… Is there anything I can do for you? I'll do anything!"

"Then give me some of your mana. [Drain Touch]."

"Owww! That hurts! Oi, stop that!"

Even though she said she'd do anything, she told me to stop draining her mana.

"Get away from me!"

Sylvia said, pulling Aqua's head out from her body. It was quite a horrifying sight, seeing one body being pulled out from another. She tossed Aqua aside, steam coming out from her body from the divine energies Aqua infused in her.

"This is no way to treat a goddess!"

Aqua said, rubbing her head as she was tossed to the ground.

"Aqua-sama! I'll rescue you!"

Mitsurugi let his feelings for Aqua get in the way of good judgment and ran towards Aqua, ignoring the threat of Sylvia.

Sylvia grinned, seeing her chance.

"Come here, boy! Let me have a piece of you!"

"Ahhh!"

He screamed as Sylvia lunged at him and started to absorb him.

I thought it was over for Mitsurugi, but suddenly…

An arm emerged from Sylvia's chest. A head followed, the unruly hair of a certain blond delinquent.

"Come on, babe. I'm not gonna let this pretty boy share your body~! Let's enjoy our alone time together~!"

What the hell was this guy talking about?

"...?! How did you manage to escape?! That Arch-Priest must have weakened me!"

Like a dam bursting open, more limbs and heads started pouring out from Sylvia's body. It was a freak show, as the absorbed app-users all tried to crawl away from Sylvia.

"Let us out…!"

"Somebody, help!"

"Some dude's junk was pressed against my face the whole time!"

Sylvia screamed, then expelled all the bodies out.

"Fine! Get out if you want! I only want the handsome Mitsurugi-kun, anyway!"

"Get away from me!"

Mitsurugi tried his best to extract himself from Sylvia's grasp, but she was too strong. He also couldn't unsheath Gram from his position.

"Get your hands off Mitsu!"

Megumin said, appearing behind Sylvia as Yunyun teleported her in. She whacked Sylvia on the back with a direct hit of her staff, causing a small explosion to rock Sylvia forward, but that wasn't enough.

Yunyun teleported her away again as multiple blades emerged out of Sylvia's back, trying to skewer Megumin.

"Unhand Mitsurugi-kun! [Taunt]!"

"[Skill Lock]!"

Sylvia used a counter skill to block Darkness's taunt before it could activate.

I formed another fire arrow and tried to snipe her with it, but Sylvia's innate magic resistance was still too powerful.

"Try physical attacks!"

I said, while rushing forward with Chunchunmaru.

"[Power Slash], [Double Attack], [Quick Draw]!"

"As if that's enough!"

Even with my skill combos and upgrades on Chunchunmaru, Sylvia was able to endure the attack and kick me away.

"You're the most troublesome pest here, Satou Kazuma… I'll finish you off!"

She opened her mouth, getting ready to blast off another fire breath.

"Senpai! [Freeze Gust]!"

Rin saw Sylvia trying to attack me and sent a wind of frost towards Sylvia.

I thought it would have no result, due to her high magic resistance. But even though she could resist damage, it seemed as if regular effects still affected her somewhat. Her body started to freeze, before she used physical force to break the ice.

"Tch… There's too many distractions!"

If ice could freeze her main body, and not just the guns she absorbed…

With ideas filling my head, I ran straight towards Sylvia.

"Kazuma-kun?! What are you doing?!"

Chris yelled out in concern, as she saw me charging without my sword drawn.

"Oh? Have you finally chosen to combine with me, Satou Kazuma?"

I smiled at Sylvia, who opened her arms again.

"Yes… Perhaps I've fallen for your charms…"

"Fufu… It was inevitable… Come!"

I leapt towards her.

Then, at the last second, I extended my arm and covered her mouth with my hand.

"[Create Water]! [Freeze]!"

I filled her nose and mouth with water and immediately froze it.

Part 6

I noticed that Sylvia always needed to inhale in order to use her fire breath. By freezing her mouth and nose, it ensured that she couldn't use such a deadly weapon.

Not only that, but she was now oxygen deprived, her face turning purple as the seconds passed.

Unfortunately, that didn't last for very long.

I should have taken into account that she was capable of changing the structure of her body. An opening appeared on her throat, which she used to suck in air. The ice around her mouth soon melted, and flames erupted from it.

"Hoh… That was a good try, Satou Kazuma! You're quite resourceful, aren't you? Say, why don't you consider joining the demon king army? If you do, we will let you rule this country as a reward."

"D-Don't even think about it, Kazuma!"

"It's not worth it, Satou!"

"Kazuma… You're considering it, aren't you?"

Aqua, Mitsurugi and Megumin attempted to dissuade me.

Did they really think I would take such an offer seriously?

I only thought about it for a few seconds.

"No thanks. I'm fine reaping the benefits this country provides, without having to do any actual work in running it."

"There's our resident scumbag!"

Aqua said, clapping for me.

"Fine. You keep refusing my offers, so I'll just forcefully absorb you into my body!"

"Haven't you even thought about consent?! [Flash]!"

I attempted to blind Sylvia, but…

"[Skill Lock]!"

Her thief skills were such a nuisance. She was already OP enough, why did she have a thief class, too?!

Meanwhile, Dust, who was deposited on the ground along with the other app-users, got up from the ground. This guy was surprisingly durable, Even the app-users hadn't gotten up yet.

"I'm not gonna forgive you for eating me in a literal sense! I wanted you to eat me up in a more intimate way!"'

"Hoh? I didn't really care about you, but you're quite talented, aren't you? Let's play some more, then, blond boy~!"

With all of the bodies expelled out, Sylvia couldn't use any more hostages.

"Everyone, attack her while she's vulnerable!"

The app-users roared, taking this chance. But Sylvia wasn't panicking at all.

"Fools! What are you without these divine weapons of yours! I still have an entire arsenal!"

She summoned swords from all parts of her body, blocking attacks from all sides. She raised her arm, deflecting a slash with a sword sticking out from her arm that froze the app-user who attacked her. She used her other arm to dispel an energy beam with a shield that absorbed the energy and launched it back at the caster. She even used her leg and a sword emerged from the knee, blocking another attack and kicking the attacker away.

"Keep pressuring her! [Rune Blade]!"

Mitsurugi attacked as well, Gram glowing bright blue as he charged up energy. Sylvia grinned and simply lifted her arm to block the attack.

"You're way too predictable, handsome~! Hopefully, you're much more interesting in bed!"

Mitsurugi grinned and glanced at me.

"Oi, Satou! This is a pass from me to you! Finish it!"

I played enough soccer with him to understand what he was trying to say.

Our teamwork was at a stage where our minds were in sync.

There were times on the field when Mitsrugui would drop down to the False 9 position to attract attention, leaving me, the Midfielder, to occupy the striker spot.

"[Lurk]..."

Just like how I snuck past defenders, I managed to sneak up to Sylvia.

She was surprised when she finally sensed me, but she wasn't worried since she survived my attacks before.

"Nice try, Satou Kazuma! But your attacks won't…"

"[Steal]!!!"

"Fool! As if your steal would work on me!"

"I wasn't stealing anything from you, dummy!"

Mitsurugi smirked as I completely read the play he was trying to set up.

I used steal on Gram instead.

When he said this was a pass from him to me…

Gram that was already charged up with the energy from [Rune Blade] was the ball.

And it was up to me to finish it…!

"Hohhh…!"

Before the energy could disperse, I slashed Sylvia from behind.

"Impossible…!"

A wave of blue energy emerged from the blade of Gram as I slashed cleanly across Sylvia's back.

"Gahhh!"

Since I wasn't the owner of Gram, the attack, powerful as it was, wasn't enough to completely finish her off.

"I should kill you once and for all, Satou Kazuma…!"

Sylvia wasn't playing around anymore. A sword emerged out of her chest and she launched it at me like a projectile.

"Kazuma! [Protect]!"

Darkness bumped me aside and used a skill to switch places with me, taking the attack. She screamed in pain as the sword hit her directly, causing a large gash to appear on her armor.

"[Heal]!"

Aqua reacted just in time, healing Darkness.

"Thanks, Aqua! You'll pay for that, foul fiend! [Side Slash]!"

Darkness attacked Sylvia with a wide swing of her sword, but Sylvia dodged it. Perhaps it would have just been better if she stayed still, since the attack had no chance of landing.

While we were in the dungeon, Megumin, Aqua and I noticed something about Darkness's attacks.

Sure, they never land. At all. But most opponents don't expect that. They will instinctively move out of the way of such a powerful-looking attack.

Especially since Darkness hadn't attacked once this whole fight, keeping her terrible accuracy a secret.

That was on purpose, just for this moment.

From fighting with Darkness, we knew exactly where Sylvia was going to dodge just by observing Darkness's attack. With the space she created, Sylvia would dodge to the right.

"You're a proper tank after all, you space creating meathead! [Snipe]!"

I dropped Gram and greeted an ice arrow. It didn't pierce all the way through, but it still caused Sylvia to cry out in pain.

"Good job, Darkness! All that time spent watching you miss finally paid off! Hahhh!"

Megumin smashed her staff against the back of Sylvia's skull. It was followed by an explosion that rocked Sylvia forward.

"Your attacks are never gonna hit, but you sure are good at moving that big body of yours, Darkness! [God Blow]!!!"

We saw the whites of Sylvia's eyes as Aqua stepped through just as Sylvia stumbled forward from Megumin's attack, an uppercut of the gods connecting to Sylvia's chin.

I thought about capturing Sylvia, but considering all her troublesome abilities, I didn't want to risk having her escape.

Letting the enemy live only to have them come back again is the worst cliche of them all.

I raised my hand to the sky, then brought it down, palm open to Sylvia.

"[Lightning]!"

A lightning bolt crashed down from the heavens to strike Sylvia down.

"This can't be…!"

Those were her last words as she perished, burn marks all over her body.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, JOJOBRN and 403 others
BoringBone
Nov 3, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
3
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
56 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Fakeking
[NSFW] This Garbage World Needs A Blessing (Rance X Konosuba)
Fakeking Jun 9, 2026 Words: 35k 1 ... 45 46 47 au harem konosuba
Replies1K
Views74K
Jul 23, 2026
sperance
sperance
Aeon_Rex
Thread watched
[NSFW] God's Blessing on this Nameless Hero (Konosuba Au Si)
Aeon_Rex Jun 26, 2025 Words: 11k 1 2 cyoa harem protag heroine's hero
Replies30
Views19K
Jun 30, 2025
abyss_kaiser
abyss_kaiser
alongdream
[NSFW] No! I Won't Reincarnate There! (Konosuba)
alongdream Sep 25, 2025 Words: 23k 1 2 kono subarashii sekai ni shukufuku wo! magi-the labyrinth of magic oc insert
Replies33
Views16K
Feb 8, 2026
ENDDRAGON
ENDDRAGON
Everes
[NSFW] A Goddess's Marvelous Adventures (Konosuba Aqua in the MCU)
Everes Jul 22, 2026 Words: 22k 1 2
Replies59
Views6K
Jul 28, 2026
Icura
Icura
abyss_kaiser
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Dominating this Wonderful World! - Overlord(Game) SI into Konosuba
abyss_kaiser Jul 25, 2026 Words: 23k 1 ... 4 5 6 actually evil mc conquest empire building
Replies159
Views19K
Monday at 14:25
Top Sun
Top Sun
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] God's Blessing on this IRL Dungeon! (Konosuba)
 Thread starterBoringBone  Start dateSep 3, 2024  Tagsgamer fic harem kono subarashii sekai ni shukufuku wo! konosuba lewds weak to strong protag
Prev  
1
2
3
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Side Story: An Explosion on this IRL Dungeon!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Nov 11, 2024
Add bookmark
#702
A/N: I'm taking a break this week, so there won't be a new chapter. To make up for it, I'm posting the Megumin bonus chapter for those who haven't read it yet. For those who have read the Megumin story already, I thank you for taking the time to do that, and I ask for your patience as I take this short break. Thank you for understanding!


An Explosion on this IRL Dungeon!

Part 1

I looked at the floating door outside of my school.

Hm. That's a bit peculiar, isn't it?

I had these thoughts as I observed that my schoolmates were ignoring the door hovering in front of them. One even went through the door as if it were a mere projection.

Just to make sure, I went over to the door and touched it.

…I'm the only one who can see this.

It wouldn't be strange to call this a supernatural event.

"...Is this related to the dungeon somehow?"

I lavishly chuckled to myself while reaching for the door knob.

When I went inside, I saw a purple room with a woman sitting on an ornate chair inside.

She was a woman with red hair and pointed ears. What's more, she had horns sticking out of her head.

Was she a demon?

Either way, I thought that she looked cool.

Then, my eyes went down and I saw her chest.

"..."

What big breasts.

The woman looked at me up and down before speaking in a voice that resonated within the walls of the room.

"Welcome to my realm. I am the dark goddess of sloth and destruction… Wolbach."

"...If I stay in this realm, can I become like you?"

I said, my eyes never leaving those cow-like breasts.

She followed my gaze.

"...What are you looking at?"

"So, Wolbach-sama… By inviting me to this realm, I assume that this is related to that dungeon I discovered with Yunyun, yes?"

I changed the subject.

"Indeed… As soon as you discovered the dungeon, you've awakened a special power."

"[Dark Specter]! [Evil Eye Beam]! [Banishment This World]!"

"...What are you doing?"

I started yelling out attack names while posing.

"That's strange… How come my power isn't manifesting?"

"Is that what you were trying to do? Well, you need to download the app first."

"...Is this some kind of scam?"

Something like 'download the app now and give all your credit card information!'.

"It's not a scam! Just hurry up and download the app."

"If you meant the app that shows my stats, I already downloaded it before."

"Good. Now, drink this potion."

She handed me a vial with a glowing liquid inside.

"I realize that you're wary about drinking something from a stranger, but…"

"Thanks for the meal."

"You drank it…"

She stared at me as I chugged down the vial without hesitation.

"Even though you were suspicious about the app, you drank it right away?"

"I have a good constitution, so I can survive drinking suspicious liquids, but there's no way I'm gonna risk my phone getting some virus."

"Your priorities are messed up! Anyway… I had you drink a potion that gives experience points. It's a rare item and I only have one of them, so be grateful."

"Thank you very much, Wolbach-sama."

"You should have enough experience points to level up now. You should also be able to unlock a class."

"Ah… I already unlocked a class before…"

"Wait, so I just gave you a rare item for no reason?"

"Thank you very much."

Her eyebrow twitched. Was she getting annoyed at me?

"Well… Let me see which class you took and what other classes you had available."

I nodded and showed her my phone.

"It says here that you qualify for the Arch-Wizard, Wizard, Monk, Fighter and Adventurer… Wait, what's this class? Chuunibyou?"

"Please ignore that last one."

I almost deleted the app when I first saw that.

"Hmm… I'm surprised that you qualify for the Fighter and Monk class, considering your physical build. No, more surprisingly, to think you're talented enough to unlock Arch-Wizard right away…"

"Is that a special class?"

"Yes, it is an advanced spellcasting class. You made an excellent choice."

I nodded and held my hand out.

"[Black Tempest]!"

"Hold on. You don't know any spells yet."

Another one of my attempts to awaken my potential failed.

She held out her hand and a book appeared in front of it.

"Here. This is a list of abilities and spells that I can transfer to you. Just keep in mind that it's limited to my own abilities. You can only choose one."

I accepted the book and looked through it.

There were things like [Summoning], [Teleportation], [Advanced Magic]...

But one spell caught my attention.

"Hm? Explosion magic… What's that? It sounds cool."

"Ah… It's the most powerful attack spell when it comes to raw damage, but there are a lot of negatives, so I can't recommend it for a mortal like you."

"Alright, I choose explosion."

"...Let me finish! Wait, did you actually choose it?!"

She grabbed the book from me, narrowing her eyes as she saw what I chose.

"Hah… You're an impulsive one… Well, maybe we can make it work."

She muttered doubtfully to herself.

"So, what kind of tasks do you have for me, Wolbach-sama? This is how this kind of development usually goes, right?"

"...Your task for now is to gain levels in the dungeon. Well, you probably can't do that with explosion magic, or you'll die. I suggest following the quests on your phone, and to find a party as soon as possible."

"Understood, mistress."

"Don't call me that."

It had always been a fantasy of mine to become a powerful mage in a hero's party, in a quest to slay the dark lord.

Of course, I never once believed that such a fantasy would come true. I was a realist, at the end of the day.

But now, there was a chance to do exactly that.

"...I am Megumin! The number one genius Arch-Wizard who is the wielder of explosion! Today marks the start of my legendary journey!"

In response, Wolbach-sama only gave me a doubtful look.

Was she perhaps regretting choosing me as her follower?

You learned a new skill!

[Explosion] Skill Rank: 1, Active skill (90 mp)

Unleash a powerful explosion. At rank 1, has a 20 ft. radius of attack and deals 50 fire damage plus your magic power modifier (+8). The attack can't miss as long as enemies are within the area of effect, however, magical defense still applies.

"By the way, Wolbach-sama, is there a place for me to test my explosion magic?"

She thought about it, before saying."

"Humu. There's a place I have a teleportation mark of in your world. I can quickly teleport you there."

"That will do."

"...You're awfully bossy for a human."

Even if she sounded annoyed, she stood up and put her hand on my shoulder.

Suddenly, we were in an open field.

"Hmm… Is that an onsen?"

I said, recognizing a rather famous onsen some distance away."

Wolbach-sama nodded as she took her hand away from my shoulder.

"Yeah. I go there sometimes to relax. But I teleported us some distance away from it, so you can launch your explosion here."

"Won't that scare away the customers?"

"The less visitors there are, the better for me. Men always ogle me in the mixed bath, after all…"

I looked pointedly at her horns and pointy ears. She scoffed at that.

"I can hide these features of mine at will. I'm sure they're staring for other reasons…"

"Indeed."

I said, staring at her large breasts.

"Oi. Don't you stare now, too."

"My bad, I guess."

I gave a half-sincere apology. Someone blessed with that kinda body has no right to complain about being stared at. Rather, wasn't that a good thing? The grass is always greener, I guess.

More importantly…

I faced the open field.

After learning the spell, the procedure on how to cast it was imprinted in my mind.

Then…

"Explosion…!"

Ah…

A violent plume of hellfire sprouted out from the spot I designated. It propagated into a fiery sphere, the shockwaves of which made me fall over.

No, rather, I felt like I couldn't move my body anymore.

"That's mana exhaustion. You won't be able to move for a while."

"...It's wonderful."

The release of mana, the explosive shockwaves, the heat tingling my skin.

I was still a virgin, but at that moment, I thought,

This is probably better than sex.

You established a bond with Wolbach!

Wolbach (Goddess of Destruction and Sloth), Rank: 1

At rank 1, Wolbach sees you as an underling with high potential… but questionable common sense. Still, she thinks you might be useful for her nefarious mission. Keep doing her bidding to deepen your bond with her.

Part 2

"Oi, Yunyun."

I said, calling out to the girl who always followed me around.

It was lunchtime at school, which meant that it was time for me to extort some food from Yunyun.

"U-Um, Megumi, I appreciate the nickname, but I'd prefer if you called me by my real name, Yuna…"

"Megumi? Who's that? It sounds like a plain name that a normal girl would have."

"Normal girl… But you're a normal girl, Megumi…"

"Hah? Even though we discovered that dungeon? Even though I met a dark goddess? Even though I now learned explosion magic from said goddess?!"

Yunyun tilted her head.

"Ah, so you met a goddess as well? I met one named Eris-sama."

"Did she give you any special powers?"

"No… In fact, she told me to retrieve these special items from other people who can enter the dungeon… Ah, but there's no way I can do that!"

"Sounds like a lame goddess."

"Ehh? She seemed pretty nice, though."

I gave her a sympathetic look.

"Poor Yunyun. You met a lame goddess and didn't get a special power. Meanwhile, the dark goddess of sloth and destruction granted the unstoppable explosion magic to me, Megumin!"

Yunyun noticed the stares we were getting in the class and tried to shush me.

"Shh! Shh! Megumi, please keep your voice down! The others will think we're strange girls!"

"Who cares what those peasants think! By the way, please wear these from now on, Yunyun."

"I-I asked you to call me Yuna… Um, what are these?"

She looked at the red contact lenses I gave her.

"This is the beginning of our transformation! From this day forward, we are no longer ordinary humans… We are Crimson Demons!"

"Um… What's that…?"

"Crimson Demons are magical beings who wield earth-shattering magic power! They have red eyes that glow when they are hyped up… Hurry and put those on already."

"N-Not in school! This is so embarrassing…"

While Yunyun was putting the lenses on… I mean, while she was undergoing her Crimson Demon transformation… A busty girl wearing an eyepatch walked up to us.

"Oh? Megumi, it seems like you're up to something fun."

Yunyun looked up at our classmate while one of her eyes was transformed.

"Ah… Arina-san. Um, you see, Megumi is…"

"It's not Megumi. It's Megumin! And Arina… If you want to transform into a Crimson Demon as well, then you must declare your allegiance."

"Humu. Well, I like these kinds of settings, anyway. And maybe it will give me good ideas for my new novel. Very well, I shall join."

"Good choice! Let's see… Your new name shall be Arue!"

"Arue, huh? I like it."

That gave me a good idea.

"By the way, Arue, come with us after school."

Yunyun managed to put the lenses on… I mean, undergo a full transformation. She looked up when I invited Arue.

"D-Does that mean we're gonna hang out with Arina-san after school?! Wahh… It's always been my dream to hangout with friends after school!"

"Stop calling her that! Her name is Arue now! And no, I intend to show her to the dungeon…"

"The dungeon… huh? It seems the rumors about Megumi and Yuna is true…"

I didn't like what Arue was insinuating.

"...What are these rumors?"

Instead of Arue, two more of our classmates came by with smug smirks on their faces to explain what these rumors were.

"Heh… The rumors are that you two are secretly dating…"

"Yeah, everyone is talking about how Yuna and Megumin are totally Yuri Yuri!"

I gave them an unamused stare, before glancing away.

"I don't have time for the musings of background characters. Go away, Funifura and Dodonko."

"What'd you call us?!"

"...What's with those nicknames?"

Meanwhile, Yunyun was all smiles.

"W-Wow… So many people are talking to us today, Megumi!"

We were getting teased, but she saw it as a positive.

Part 3

After school, I headed to the train station with Arue, Yunyun and the two lackeys.

I just wanted to show Arue the dungeon, but Funifura and Dodonko came along.

However, when we got there…

"...Hah? There's nothing there, Megumi."

Funifura said, squinting at where the door was.

I smirked and wagged a finger at her.

"Figures. A commoner like you can't perceive the dungeon. I bet someone with more imagination like Arue can…"

"I also can't see it."

"Oh."

An awkward silence fell on us, as we realized that the others couldn't see the dungeon.

I turned to Yunyun.

"Oi, can you transfer your abilities to Arue?"

"...S-So mean."

Yunyun actually started to tear up from my half-joking request.

"Hah, what a waste of time. If you just wanted an excuse to hang out, there are less creepy ways to go about it, Megumi."

"Yeah, let's go somewhere else. Maybe if we walk around the station, a bunch of guys will start hitting on us!"

Funifura and Dodonko left once they got bored.

"Hmm… Well, it seems that I can't see the dungeon this time. Ah, but perhaps my potential will awaken in the future…"

"Yes, perhaps the time will come soon."

We gave each other a solemn nod as Arue gracefully made her exit.

That just left me with Yunyun.

"Well, let's go inside, then."

"Eh?! We're actually gonna go in again?! We barely survived last time!"

I opened the door to the dungeon and stepped in. Yunyun followed, of course.

"...You should think things through more, Megumi…"

"..."

"Um, Megumi?"

I didn't answer as I walked forward.

"Megumi-san? Um.. Megumin?"

"Yes, what is it, Yunyun?"

"...That's how we're gonna do this, huh?"

She sighed in defeat, then said,

"Should we really be going inside such a dangerous place? We don't even have any weapons and stuff. We had to use a rock to kill those things last time…"

She had a haunted look on her face.

"My genius mind will come up with a way."

"There's such a thing as too much confidence!"

"Oh, will you look at that…"

Ahead of us, there was a group of small, green humanoid monsters carrying clubs.

"I think they're called goblins, right?"

"Eep! S-So scary!"

The goblins noticed us and raised their clubs, running our way.

"Graaa!"

"Eeeep!"

Yunyun hid behind me, while I just stuck my hand out.

"Gackk!"

I caught one of the goblins by the neck and choked it.

"M-Megumin, why are you so strong? That grip strength…"

Yunyun said, coming out of hiding once she saw how I easily handled the goblin.

"I told you I'm a genius."

I then threw the small goblin at its comrades, making them fall over.

Then, I grabbed the club the goblin dropped and used it to whack the goblins that fell over.

You have leveled up! You gained 8 skill points!

Smiling, I used those skill points to level up explosion to max rank right away. Then, I used the leftover points to raise my magic power.

"T-They're dead… Megumin killed those things…"

Yunyun said, with a horrified look on her face as she knelt down to the dead goblins. I just shrugged.

"It's either us or them."

"W-We should bury them, at least… Eeep?!"

Yunyun backed away in fright as the ground seemed to absorb the dead goblins.

"Humu. I guess there's a process like that. Yunyun, grab one of those clubs before it disappears."

"I-If you say so…"

From then on, we advanced forward, killing goblins and such on the way.

Until suddenly, we heard the sound of rapid footsteps. We thought it was just an enemy, but we saw a guy who was a few years older than us running away with tears in his eyes.

"T-That stupid female thief! What am I gonna do without a cheat item?! Wahhh!"

I held up a hand to stop him. He stopped for us, but he was still crying, wiping tears from his freckled face.

"...What happened to you?"

He sniffed before replying.

"I-I got a cheat item from a goddess called Aqua, but some silver-haired female thief stole it from me! There's no way I'm gonna fight in this dungeon without a cheat item!"

"So you're just gonna quit?"

"Of course I am!"

I looked at the equipment he had on him. He had a dagger and a pair of leather gloves.

"If you're gonna quit anyway, then give us your stuff."

"...Fine."

He dropped his equipment and continued exiting the dungeon while crying.

I tossed the dagger over to Yunyun, since I was a better fighter than her. I took the leather gloves for myself.

"Are we really gonna keep going…?"

"Of course we are."

"Ugh…"

I didn't understand why she was moping so much. This whole dungeon thing was like a dream come true for me.

From there, we continued to kill monsters, with Yunyun using her dagger, and me whacking them with my club, and sometimes choking out a goblin with my leather gloves.

When I leveled up again, I put all my points into magic power.

Part 4

"Eh? You got some money, Megumi?"

My mother, Yui… Or, should I say, Yuiyui said, when I handed her the 1,500 Yen I earned from dungeon crawling with Yunyun.

"Yes, please use this to buy tonight's dinner."

"Maybe we can have actual meat for once? As for how you got the money… I won't ask. Why don't you take a hot bath, dear? And don't tell your father about this for now."

She might have gotten the wrong idea.

Still, it was a hassle to explain the whole dungeon thing, so I just let her imagine whatever kind of scenario for now.

I soaked in the hot bath. Well, it was more of a warm bath. We couldn't afford to use too much hot water.

When it was time for dinner, my father, let's call him Hyoizaburo, and my little sister, let's call her Komekko, stared in wonder at the thin slices of shabu-shabu meat floating on leftover broth.

"T-There's actual meat for dinner?! Yui, are you sure this is within the budget?! Y-You didn't do something to get this money, did you?"

My father was also getting all kinds of weird ideas.

My mother didn't answer, just chuckling as she served the food.

"W-Well, I won't ask… As long as it's not one of the neighbors…"

Would it be fine with him if it was a stranger? That'd make it worse, in my eyes.

"Ohhh! This meat is thin, but it's tough and chewy! This is that A-5 wagyu I heard about, right?!"

Komekko had the wrong idea, but no one dared to correct her as she happily ate the meat that was several grades below A-5 wagyu.

"Megumi, come here, I want to talk to you."

My mother said, after dinner.

I came up to her and said,

"Mother, please call me Megumin from now on."

"...Megumin? Well, if you want a nickname, that's fine. You've provided more for this household than your father has this last week, anyway."

I suppose I was being treated as the breadwinner now.

She took out 1,000 Yen and handed it to me.

"I only used 500 Yen for dinner. The rest is yours."

"...? But I want you to use this for groceries."

She gave me a small smile.

"It's over for me as a parent if I make my daughter pay for everything. Use that money. And don't even think about saving it. Do something fun. Maybe go on a date with that boyfriend of yours."

"Boyfriend…?"

"Well, you have a boyfriend who gave you that money, right? He must be very kind. Did you tell him about our family situation?"

She thought I had a boyfriend who took pity on me and gave me money.

Again, I just went with the flow, since I didn't want to tell her the real reason.

Your bond has increased!

Crimson Family (Coven of Demons) Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, your family sees you as the breadwinner, much more reliable than your father. Your little sister respects you for giving her food. Your mother seems to have the wrong idea about you, though.

Bond Reward: You will get some spare change once in a while

I pocketed the money and thought about what to do with it.

It wasn't too late in the evening yet. I decided to head into the city again and go to the net cafe.

We didn't have wi-fi at home. And of course, we didn't have a computer. The Adventurer Card app didn't run on the internet at all, so that was pretty much the only app I could use at home whenever I wasn't using public wi-fi.

Whenever I had spare money, I would go to the net cafe. There was an MMO I occasionally played in net cafes called Myriad Swords. A sequel came out, but I hadn't been able to play it with no access to a PC.

I didn't really join any guilds, because I didn't have any time to properly grind levels. I could play, at most, maybe 6 hours a month. Players in a guild probably play twice that amount everyday.

Due to these time constraints, I didn't bother doing anything else with my build except for leveling my AoE magic, which I used to insta-wipe mobs. It was an ineffective strategy at the higher levels, but I was permanently stuck in the mid-game, anyway.

And since I was starting from level 1 with the sequel, that meant that I couldn't even one-shot mobs anymore. I spent most of my time in the net cafe whacking goblins with a starter club until I had enough points to level up my magic.

Huh. That was exactly what I was doing in real life.

Upon realizing that, a feeling of futility hit me and I quit the game.

I used the remaining time I had catching up on message boards I participated in. When I looked around on a supernatural message board, I got an idea.

What if I wrote about the dungeon in the message board? There might be some others who have discovered the dungeon as well.

Then I could recruit them into the crimson demon clan. Or better yet, teach them the wonders of explosion magic.

I ran out of time after making that post. I still had some money left, but I didn't extend my session, choosing to save it for another day.

Before going home, I looked at my phone, checking my quests.

Use Explosion magic on an open field! Quest Rewards: +15 exp, +1 Magic Power (Complete)

Use Explosion magic on an abandoned building! Quest Rewards: +15 exp, +1 Bravery

Use Explosion magic near a populated area and evade the police! Quest Rewards: +15 exp, +1 Cunning

I suppose I did complete that first quest earlier with Wolbach-sama.

"Hmm… I guess I'll have to find an abandoned building."

And so, I went to the outskirts of town.

Part 5

Some might say it's probably a bad idea to go into an abandoned building when it was getting dark.

But I couldn't just cast explosion magic on a building that only looked abandoned. What if there were homeless people inside?

"...Is there anyone in here?"

I called out into the dark space within.

"..."

I wasn't scared or anything. I was just being reasonably cautious.

"T-There isn't anyone in here, right? Hello…?

I called out into the darkness.

Suddenly, I heard a noise, shoes scraping against the floor.

"Ne… jou-chan, it's a bad idea to go inside places like this, yanno? It might have bad guys, after all. Hehe…"

A group of delinquents stepped out of the shadows. They all had smirks on their faces as they looked at me lecherously.

I tried to back away, but they soon encircled me.

I wasn't really scared, since I could always take out the club from my inventory and knock them out. My strength was apparently higher than the average person, after all. I gave them a disinterested look.

"...A bunch of grown men trying to intimidate a girl? That's kinda pathetic, isn't it?"

That seemed to piss them off.

"Oi, if you don't wanna get hurt, then you should just play along. Don't worry, we'll make you feel good…"

I was about to take my club out, until I heard another voice behind us.

"Worthless men… There are worthless men in this world too, huh?!"

I turned around and thought I saw Wolbach-sama, due to the horns and reddish-hair I saw, but it was someone different.

She wore a rather revealing outfit and had a pair of bat-like wings behind her.

"W-What is that? A monster?!"

A delinquent said, spooked by the newcomer's appearance.

One of them chuckled and stepped towards the woman.

"Oh, come on. It's just cosplay. Hey, babe, why don't you join this girl over here and play with us… Gack!"

He received an elbow to the gut.

"Scumbag men should just die!"

She soon made quick work on them, throwing them into a pile outside.

Then, she took their phones and examined them.

"Hmm… Wolbach-sama was right. There was a group of app-users here."

App-users… As in, people who could enter the dungeon?

Wait, so they had powers like me. Not only that, but they outnumbered me.

If this lady wasn't around, something terrible might have happened to me.

"...Thanks for your help."

She nodded and smiled at me.

"I'm Arnes, a follower of Wolbach-sama."

"I am Megumin! An Arch-Wizard who wields explosion magic! The number one disciple of Wolbach-sama!"

"Number one disciple… Oi, that title clearly belongs to me."

A rival, huh?

I smirked and pointed at the abandoned building.

"Let's have a little competition, then. Whoever can destroy that building with their magic is Wolbach-sama's number one disciple."

"Heh… Fine, that works for me!"

She flew up using her wings, then raised her hands.

"I'll prove to you that I'm the strongest! Cursed Light…"

"Explosion!"

While she was talking, I unleashed an explosion right away, blowing up the building before she could.

"..."

She went back down as she watched the building that now had a hole in it.

"Hmph… Seems like I won."

I said, after I collapsed on the ground.

"Oi! You gave me the impression that you enjoyed theatrics, so I was just going along with the vibe! Why didn't you say something flashy before firing off your magic?!"

"Nothing's flashier than stealing the spotlight from someone who thinks they're a hotshot. Well, I wouldn't expect you to understand that, Wolbach-sama's number two disciple."

"Ugh… Well, actually, Hoost-sama is probably the real number one disciple. You're number two, at best."

"So, you're number three, then."

"Gahhh!"

After she had her time to express her despair, I said,

"So, I guess Wolbach-sama sent you here to deal with the rogue app-users?"

She nodded and said,

"Yeah, Wolbach-sama gave you that quest on your phone, thinking you could deal with them on your own. She didn't expect you to go into the building, though. It's a good thing I followed you, because I wanted to see what Wolbach-sama's new disciple is like."

I looked at the phones she took and said,

"So, what are you gonna do with those? If you don't want them, can you give them to me?"

I wanted to sell them in a pawn shop.

"No can do. Wolbach-sama is gonna observe the other goddess's app to see if we can make improvements to our own app-system."

"Wait, so Wolbach-sama didn't create this app?"

"Unfortunately, she didn't. We're essentially just copying the other app-system. Ah, but it functions in a similar way, don't worry. The only difference is that you get direct quests from Wolbach-sama herself. The other goddess's app system has more personalized quests."

I nodded, having a vague idea of what she meant.

"Anyway, just keep following Wolbach-sama's instructions. And don't get involved with the other goddesses."

"Got it, number three disciple."

"...You sure are arrogant for a newbie… Whatever."

She flew away, leaving me behind.

You established a new bond!

Arnes (Wolbach's Follower)

At rank 1, Arnes begrudgingly accepts you as another of Wolbach's disciples. She thinks you're too arrogant for your own good, but she can't say that she hates that part of you.

Part 6

"[Light of Saber]!"

Yunyun released a bright beam that manifested into a large blade, slicing across a group of zombies.

"Well?! Isn't that cool?!"

"..."

She got a huge power spike, all of a sudden.

"...Where did you learn that?"

"Um, I got a random loot box from a quest. When I opened it, I received a book that gave me advanced magic."

"...Advanced magic, huh? You should have unlocked explosion magic, instead."

"Um… It seems kind of useless, so…"

"Useless, you say?! Useless like these excess bags of fat on your chest?!"

"Eep?! I'm sorry!"

She apologized when I gave her breasts a good smack.

We went into the dungeon again after school, but my mood went down once Yunyun started showing off her flashy magic.

If only I could use explosion magic in the dungeon!

We collected the loot from the zombies, which wasn't much, then proceeded onward.

"[Light of Saber]!"

I couldn't do much of anything with Yunyun one-shotting everything, though.

"...Oi, stop taking all the kills."

I said, feeling stupid with my club in hand.

"W-Well… What can I do? I guess I can use magic that will make it easier for Megumin to get kills…"

"Yeah, do that."

With the next group of skeletons we saw, Yunyun tried a different approach.

"[Bottomless Swamp]!"

The skeletons started sinking into the floor, which transformed into a swamp.

I headed over with my club and started shattering the bones of the skeletons.

But as I finished the last skeleton…

The club ran out of durability and broke in half.

"...Now I don't even have a weapon."

I said tonelessly, as I threw away the worthless scraps of the club.

That was the last straw for me. I turned around and headed back to the entrance.

"U-Um, does that mean we're done for today?"

"Yunyun can stay here, but I'm done for now."

"...What's the point if Megumin isn't here, though…?"

So annoying!

"Listen, I'm not gonna hang out with you even if you come with me, so you might as well just stay in the dungeon!"

"S-So mean! Fine, I don't even wanna hang out with Megumin, anyway!"

Warning! Your bond rank with Yunyun is in danger of decreasing!

Who cares about that?

"..."

When Yunyun noticed that I wasn't leaving, she said,

"W-What is it, Megumin? Go away! You said you don't want me around, right?"

This girl…

Even though I was giving her a chance to apologize!

Making sure to stomp to show her how mad I was, I huffed and left the dungeon.

When I started walking around in the city to cool off, I saw Funifura and Dodonko. They saw me and snickered.

"Hm? Where's Yuna? You two are always together, so it's weird to see you alone, Megumi."

"What's the matter? Trouble in Yuriland?"

I gave them a blank stare, then said,

"What are you gonna do if I'm really Yuri?"

"...E-Eh?"

They didn't expect me to say that and couldn't respond.

"Well, you keep teasing me about being Yuri, but what if I was? You wanna go to a love hotel? Come on, let's have fun, the three of us…"

I wriggled my hands at them menacingly.

"Eeep?! Are you really like that?!"

"I-I'm sorry, I'm still a virgin!"

I sent them running away.

I enjoyed the momentary victory, until I realized that those rumors would grow even more at school.

"...That might have been a mistake."

Hoping I didn't just make things worse for myself, I headed to the net cafe again. I earned some money from the dungeon just now. After deducting the share I'd give to my family, and the money I had leftover from last time, I determined that I could spend another couple hours in the net cafe.

I played Myriad Swords 2 again, deciding to give it another chance. I quit the last time because I felt like the thrill of exploring the dungeon in real life was better than dungeon crawling in the game. But because my dungeon crawl ended abruptly, I felt like playing the game again.

That was, until, a player killer decided to hunt me.

I saw the gray screen of death, then rage quit the game.

I couldn't dungeon crawl, and I couldn't even play a game without some asshole player killing me.

And I guess I was still thinking about my fight with Yunyun.

I don't know why, but I always lash out on her like that. It's a bad habit of mine, to use her as an outlet for my frustrations.

"...Hah… What do I do now?"

I decided to look at the message boards again, not wanting to waste too much of my precious internet time deciding what to do next.

That was when I realized I got a DM from someone named RNGod. They also sent me a friend request.

I normally don't accept friend requests from strangers, knowing that there were a lot of creeps out there.

But I was bored, frustrated and feeling a bit lonely, so I accepted the friend request.

It seemed they were online, too, since they messaged me right away after I accepted the request.

RNGOD is typing….

RNGOD: Hello?

This was a stranger, so I just decided to keep it super casual.

Megumin: Who dis?

RNGod is typing…

RNGod: I saw your forum post the other day, about the dungeon…

This guy must be an app user, too!

I was apprehensive about meeting another app-user, considering what those guys tried to do to me last time…

But there was no sense of being paranoid about every app-user. I mean, Yunyun was an app-user, and she was pretty harmless.

Megumin: Oh! Don't tell me… Are you also one of Wolbach-sama's chosen ones?! Are you one who wields the ultimate destruction magic of Explosion?!

RNGod: Ah, yeah… Something like that. You said that you met Wolbach-sama in your school, right?

Megumin: Indeed! The day after I discovered the dungeon and unlocked the 'Arch-Wizard' class, I went to school like normal… That was when… Behold! A door leading into Wolbach-sama's domain appeared at the school gates!

RNGod: I see… Well, I hope we can meet up someday. After all, we are both one of the chosen ones who can enter dungeons…

Eh? This guy was already trying to meet up?

That gave me warning bells… Until I realized that he probably didn't even know I was a girl yet. For all he knew, I was just another guy posting on this message board.

It wasn't like I was giving away any signs of my gender, even with the way I was addressing myself.

Still, I had to take precautions.

Megumin: …Not so fast! What if you're some creepy guy who wants to kidnap me? You need to provide proof that you're one of the chosen! Send a screencap of the app!

It only took a few minutes until he sent me several screencaps. There was no doubt about it. He was another app-user.

That still didn't mean he could be trusted, but at least he wasn't some random guy trying to trick me.

Megumin: Fuuu… You have convinced me. Where do you want to meet up?

RNGod: I also found some people who can enter the dungeon and I'm planning on meeting up with them eventually. I'll set up a meeting with them and invite you along.

There were others as well, huh?

Megumin: Very well… But you better not forget to invite me! I am looking forward to our fateful meeting!

The conversation ended there.

I was still kind of frustrated about everything, but that gave me something to look forward to.

I also wondered who this RNGod was. Was he a teenager like me? Or an adult man? There was even a possibility she was a girl, too.

…I was kind of hoping he was a guy around my age, though. Preferably maybe a couple years older, so I won't have to deal with some immature kid.

I imagined it, living out my childhood dream of being in a hero's party, slaying the dark lord together.

Along the journey, I'd develop a deep friendship with the hero, which leads to romance.

…I mean, I was a young girl, of course I'd have such fantasies.

And needs…

Speaking of needs…

It was already getting dark out, and I didn't want to cast explosion again in the outskirts of the city when it was this dark out. Especially since I didn't have a weapon this time.

I was still frustrated after my fight with Yunyun, and having my player killed in Myriad Swords 2.

And when I got home, I had a pitiful dinner of lightly salted bean sprouts waiting for me.

The stress just kept on piling up and well…

What does a teenager do when they get stressed?

After taking a bath and changing into my pajamas…

I made sure to hurry.

I slept in the same room as Komekko, which meant I didn't have much time to myself.

While she was still in the living room I…

"Hnn…"

…Reached a hand down my panties and started playing with myself.

I normally don't really think about anything when I do this. I don't know, maybe I'd think about some celebrity or idol for a bit.

Right now, though, I couldn't help but think about my fantasy earlier, about the mystery of RNGod.

What did he look like? Was he handsome? Was he kind? Was he gentle?

If we became friends and eventually lovers… Would we make love?

"Ahh… Hahh…"

I unbuttoned my top and started rubbing my chest with my other hand, while I started to slip a finger inside my womanhood.

I was getting lost in this fantasy, but the realist side of me also grounded my image of RNGod.

He was a message board dweller. There was no way he'd look all that attractive.

But I didn't really care about looks… I just wanted someone dependable, someone who cares about me and his friends.

"Hnnn… Mnn!"

I felt a little guilty, doing this for someone I haven't even met yet.

But it should be fine because I don't know anything about him yet. It's just the idea of him that I'm doing this to.

I imagined what it'd feel like to have a man inside me… Moving, thrusting inside…

I'm pretty small, so I'll probably be manhandled by him.

Thrusting inside me, over and over…

"Hnnnnghh!"

I couldn't take it and reached my climax.

It was a few minutes past my afterglow when Komekko finally arrived for bed.

"Oh, nee-chan already sleeping? Hmm… She's sweating a lot… Maybe I should open the window."

"..."

I pretended that I was already sleeping.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JOJOBRN, kinggamerlite29 and 212 others
BoringBone
Nov 11, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 31: The Betrayal of this Bro code!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Nov 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#723
Chapter 31: The Betrayal of this Bro code!

Part 1

"Ohhh! You did it! You actually did it!"

"How come I've never heard of this guy?! He's so skilled!"

"How dare you kill Sylvia?! She was so hot! I didn't care even if she had extra parts!"

The app-users came up to praise me for defeating Sylvia. Well, most of them did.

The remaining Hans slimes were also dealt with, with the JSDF using a flamethrower to make sure every last slime blob was taken care of.

But I wasn't going to leave it up to chance. I took the megaphone from Sena and said,

"If there is anyone here wearing a labcoat trying to leave the premises, apprehend them immediately!"

Aqua raised a brow at my announcement.

"Hah? What are you talking about, Kazuma?"

You see it in every movie.

Just when the monsters are dealt with, some stupid scientist will take a sample of the monster with them to do some experiments in their lab. This scene usually happens at the very end of the movie, maybe even after the credits, setting up the sequel.

"Sir! We found this man!"

My team captured a man in a lab coat, carrying a jar with a slime specimen inside.

"W-Wait! If we can research the cell-structure of this slime creature, we might be able to produce great scientific results from it!"

I knew one of these guys would show up!

"Destroy every sample immediately! And make sure there aren't any intelligence agencies taking samples, either! And make sure everyone here is quarantined for a few days! Check under your shoes and make sure there aren't any slime samples sticking to them! Tanks and weapons should be thoroughly inspected as well!"

The scientist who tried to sneak a sample away was promptly arrested. Meanwhile, a contamination team was sent in to disinfect every app-user and equipment that made contact with Hans.

"I'd say that Kazuma is just being paranoid, but you were right about that man in a lab coat trying to sneak a sample away…"

Darkness said, as she watched that scientist being pulled away by Sena.

"I told you. The way to achieve victory is to avoid flags and cliches!"

Mitsurugi sighed, rubbing the back of his head.

"I guess I can't deny that anymore, seeing all the results."

"Well, I'm just glad that everyone came out of this unscathed!"

Rin said, giving Dust a glance.

"Even you, Dust."

"Aw, come on, Rin. I spent all that time fighting Sylvia from the inside. Don't I deserve some more praise?"
"...It seemed like you enjoyed being inside her."

"Oho. You've got quite a dirty mouth, Rin-chan!"

Dust rightfully received a slap from Rin, who walked away in a huff.

"You're the one who fired all those explosions, right?!"

"You did so much damage to Hans and Sylvia!"

"I'd say you were the real MVP of this battle!"

A bunch of guys started praising Megumin, who was loving all the attention.

"Heh… Well, that was only just 10% of my power… As a Crimson Demon, I'm capable of way more!"

"Eh? A Crimson Demon? What's that?"

"Fufu… I'm glad you asked!"

Megumin wasn't the only one getting attention.

"Thank you so much for healing me!"

"You saved us so many times!"

"Can I have your number?!"

Aqua, who healed a bunch of different people and restored the ones who turned into stone, as well as resurrecting those who died, had a lot of fans as well. It helped that she was also very beautiful, which gathered the attention of the men.

"Kishishi! I'm a goddess, so it's only right that I help my followers!"

Darkness had her own crowd around her.

"You were so tough!"

"Do you workout? Can you give me some tips?"

"Do you have a six pack?"

She blushed and looked at me, her eyes asking for help. I looked at them and said,

"...Obviously, she has a six pack, guys."

"I knew it!"

Darkness blushed and threw a fit.

"That's not what I wanted you to say!"

What, did she think I'd start lying about how feminine and graceful she was?

"Darkness… These guys are just trying to praise you, so don't get upset."

Chris said, trying to cheer her best friend up.

"It sure doesn't sound like praise!"

Meanwhile, Yunyun was by the side, looking like she was trying to get noticed.

I was about to talk to her, when Appuri-chan gave me an alert notification.

You gained 10 levels from defeating Hans and Sylvia! You are now level 20!

You've unlocked a new title, 'General Slayer'!

I wanted to talk to Yunyun, but gaining 10 levels suddenly occupied my attention.

But first, I went ahead and checked out the title.

General Slayer

When fighting a Demon King general, you gain +1 to all attacks and +1 Damage and Magic Reduction.

It was quite a useful title.

However, I kept the Monster Tamer title for now, since I wouldn't encounter a Demon King general on an everyday basis.

Then, there was the matter of the 10 skill points.

I decided to leave them unspent for now, since there was a new set of exclusive skills I could unlock after switching to the 'Archer' class.

I did just that, switching from Wizard to Archer.

Sena approached me, megaphone in hand.

"Sir, perhaps you have a word or two to say to everyone who fought today? Not only the app-users, but the JSDF troops. I'm sure they would appreciate that."

She was asking me to give a speech to everyone.

I understood what she was trying to do. Not only would it raise morale, it would also cement my role as the leader for future operations. She witnessed firsthand how chaotic it was at the start, with the app-users acting on their own. If I could establish myself as their leader now, it would make it easier for us to control them in the future.

That, or it would backfire on us and they'd never listen again.

I took the megaphone and spoke to everyone.

"...I would just like to say a few words! Today, we…"

"Nature's Beauty!"

"Ohhh! What a wonderful party trick!"

That stupid goddess…!

She butted in at the worst time!

From then on, everyone paid attention to Aqua instead of me.

"...Where did those doves come from?!"

Even Sena forgot about me and was invested in her performance.

Part 2

The rest wanted to go back to the mansion to recuperate after the war. But I headed over to Wiz's shop to confirm some things with Vanir.

"Ah, congratulations on your victory, boy! I'm sure that there's quite a big target placed on your back now! Perhaps the demon king army has even prioritized eliminating you instead of the traitorous me!"

I stared blankly at him.

"...Don't tell me you planned this."

"No, but the swell of negative emotions you just emitted is wonderful! You were too happy about winning the war, so I had to do something to change that!"

Couldn't he just let people be happy?

"Of course not!"

"Stop reading my mind! …Anyway, do you know when the demon king army will attack again?"

"Like I said last time, it will probably be a while, since they used a lot of energy on those portals."

"Yeah, I know, but I'm asking for a specific timeframe."

"Even if I knew, I wouldn't tell you so easily!"

This guy was such a pain to talk to.

Wiz smiled and clapped her hands together.

"Kazuma-san! Congratulations on a hard fought victory! I'm happy to hear that you and your friends are safe!"

"Even Aqua?"

"U-Um, yes, Aqua-sama as well!"

She seemed hesitant to say that.

"Wiz, you sure are happy for me, even though you're technically still a member of the demon king army."

"T-That's a separate matter! I'm just happy that you're safe!"

I chuckled, amused by Wiz's cute and sincere personality.

Then, I noticed that the captured demon was cowering in the corner. I went up to him, smirking as I looked down at him.

"W-Whaddaya want?"

He said, avoiding my gaze as he trembled.

"Ehh? Weren't you bragging about how I didn't have a chance against Hans and Sylvia? Well, lookie what happened! You were so confident, too? What are you gonna do now, huh? There's no chance of rescue anymore!"

He started tearing up while I poked his cheek, grinning all the while.

"Um… He's still an employee at my store, so please stop harassing him, Kazuma-san."

"Oh, sure."

The demon relaxed once I left him alone because of Wiz. He couldn't resist some parting words, though.

"Just you wait… The demon king will learn from this and…!"

"Demon king, demon king, demon king! Who is the demon king anyway?! I bet he's just some scrub and that's why you all refuse to tell me who he is! I mean, you were hyping up Hans and Sylvia for so long, and we beat them! What's next, you're gonna tell me that there's a 'Five Heavenly Divine Kings' who are stronger than the generals we faced?! Come on, at some point, you just have to face reality and accept that you're screwed, got it?!"

The tears turned into full on bawling, as I yelled at the demon's face.

"P-Please don't bully my employee!"

"Oh, right."

I forgot about Wiz's request and started ripping on the demon, anyway.

Just as I was about to leave the store, Vanir said,

"By the way, boy, a word of advice from me…"

"Is this advice gonna be useful?"

"When have I ever led you astray?!"

Did I even need to answer that?

"Ahem… Some time after the evacuation orders are over, you will receive an invitation for a middle school reunion…"

"Not interested."

"At least let me finish."

"Like I said, not interested."

"...If you don't show up, you will regret it."

"Alright, I'll show up, then."

"...Why did you agree so easily?"

Vanir was stunned that I gave in without much resistance.

"Usually, when a line like that is spoken, then that means something tragic will happen if I don't show up, right?"

"...You know, it's kind of boring if you're so keen on picking up on things."

"Efficiency is boring, but excitement only invites chaos. Now, are you gonna be more specific than that, or are we still sticking to cryptic warnings?"

"You already know the answer to that!"

I sighed and turned to Wiz.

"Can't you do something about this guy?"

She shook her head.

"Unfortunately, I can't."

Vanir laughed at our resigned faces.

"Mwahaha! The feelings of disappointment over my predilections are quite delicious! …It's also a bit insulting."

Vanir stopped laughing and looked thoughtful at the end there. I doubted he was doing any actual self reflection, though.

…

…

After all the chaos of the war ended, the government went straight into recovering the destroyed buildings of Shibuya. It should be noted that Megumin was to blame for most of the destruction. Thankfully, they didn't foot us with the bill. There would have been a lot more destruction if it wasn't up to us, though.

I went up to the shrine where the priest who refused to evacuate resided. I found him sweeping the grounds with his broom. When he saw me, he raised a brow and said,

"Oya? What are you doing here, kid? I thought there was a big bad earthquake that was gonna destroy this shrine?"

That was really only going to happen in the worst case scenario.

"Well, looks like the earthquake wasn't as strong as expected."

"Heh. Figures. See, that's why I didn't leave. I knew those reports were exaggerated!"

I didn't want him to get the idea that he could keep ignoring evacuation orders like this, so I secretly casted [Wind Blade] behind me, launching wind magic from my hand. The blade of wind traveled down the woods that led up to the shrine, mowing down several trees.

"...! T-Those must be the aftershocks!"

"Quick! Get inside the shrine!"

He nodded and led me inside the shrine, where we took shelter inside and hid under a table. On the way in, I cut more trees down with [Wind Blade].
We came out thirty minutes later and the priest inspected the damage.

"Hah… Well, I guess it's not that bad. Nothing insurance won't cover."

"You're lucky it didn't reach the shrine, old man."

"Yeah. Sorry for endangering you like that, kid. You even went out of your way to check up on me."

I felt bad that he apologized to me, but it was better than having him ignore actual emergencies, just because he felt safe this time around.

You earned +1 'Cunning'!

But… You also helped a person of the cloth, so…. You also earn +1 'Faith'!

This was the first time I gained cunning and faith at the same time. Usually, I lost 'faith' whenever I gained points in 'Cunning'.

Part 3

School was back in session after the government rescinded the evacuation order. To avoid suspicion from our classmates, we took the train to school rather than the bus driven by Sena.

I noticed that the majority of students were excited to go back to their normal lives, while there were those who felt that the government should have given them at least one more day to ease back into things, after everyone spent the last few days living in an evacuation center. There were also those who had lots of stories to tell about their time in the centers, about the emergency rations they ate and the things they did to occupy their time.

I didn't think about coming up with stories of my own, so I was quite blindsided when the guys I talked to asked me what my experience was like in the center.

"Oh, uh, I guess I just watched a bunch of movies I saved on my laptop."

I said, thinking up something quick on the spot.

That seemed to be enough to fool them, but I should have known better than not coming up with a believable story ahead of time. I hoped that Rin and Mitsurugi fared better with their friends.

There were still midterms at the end of the month, so I had to catch up on that. With my intelligence stat nearing the 80s, I actually found it easier to receive and retain information, but it was still a challenge to sift through the kind of information I actually needed to memorize and what was ultimately just filler.

For that reason, I sought out Konno-san's help again. I thought that she'd be her usual cold self, but the first thing she did when I approached her was give me a small smile.

"I'm glad you're safe as well, Satou-kun. That was quite unexpected, wasn't it?"

She didn't even know the half of it.

"Yeah, I'm glad you're safe as well, Konno-san."

"I guess it's back to the usual grind now. Are you in the camp that believes we should have had a couple more days off, or are you happy to go back to school?"

"I'm actually glad that we're back to school so soon."

She raised her brows at my reply.

"Wow! How unexpected!"

Was it really that surprising coming from me?

From my perspective, the whole country nearly fell to the demon king army a couple of days ago. Compared to that, coming back to school wasn't an issue at all.

We started studying, finding a good flow as we began to acclimate to each other's studying styles. I was a bit intimidated by Konno-san at the start, not only due to her secret status as an idol, but also because of the detached and cool persona she portrayed in class. But I started to see that she was kind to those she was accustomed to, as she'd often smile at me and even throw in a joke here and there.

Your bond with Konno Lia has deepened!

Konno Lia (Idol-In-Disguise), Bond Rank: 3

At Rank 3, Lia views you as a classmate who she can study for the midterms with. She has opened herself up to you a little, despite labeling you a creep before. Spending more time with her and studying with her will allow her to get more comfortable with you.

Bond Reward: [Versatile Entertainer] rank-up!

[Versatile Entertainer ] Skill Rank: 2, Passive Skill

You are adept in mimicking the voice of someone you know. If you are mimicking the voice of someone you don't know, you must spend at least 15 minutes observing their speech patterns and mannerisms. Useful for making celebrity impressions. You become proficient with acrobatic moves, the success of which is determined by your 'Dexterity' (76).

To think this party trick skill actually had more to it than I thought…

Maybe I shouldn't have judged Aqua's bond rank rewards so hastily. Especially since the voice mimic skill actually helped me a lot in the past.

Also, the fact that [Versatile Entertainer] ranked up thanks to Konno-san probably had to do with her secret identity as an idol.

When study period ended and it was time for lunch period, I expected to part ways from Konno-san right away, like what happened before.

"Satou-kun, would you like to have lunch in the cafeteria together?"

Konno-san asked, while giving me one of her smiles again, a sight I was getting used to seeing.

"Ah, yeah, sure."

I didn't have a bento, since I still lived in the mansion and we were all essentially tasked to make meals for ourselves. My mother always made my bento for me before. I planned on buying something at the cafeteria anyway, so I accepted her offer.

We chatted while walking to the cafeteria together. On the way there, we noticed a commotion in the halls.

"S-So pretty!"

"She's a foreigner, right?"

"Can she speak Japanese? I wanna talk to her…"

Oh, that's right.

Since Darkness was gonna live in Japan now, she transferred over to our school for her last year of highschool.

Since she was in a third year class, I didn't realize just how much attention she was getting. I should have predicted that, since she was a beautiful foreigner. It wasn't strange that the other students would clamor around her.

"U-Um, nice to meet you, everyone! I'm from England and…"

She saw me and we made eye contact. I glanced away and tried to walk away.

"K-Kazuma! I've been looking for you! Why haven't you been answering my calls?!"

"...Why are you calling me during class? That's the real question."

"R-Right… Still, you should have called back when your class ended!"

"I guess I forgot."

"Kuh! The cold way you treat me is just…"

I didn't even mean to insult her, but she still took pleasure in that.

Konno-san stared in wonder at Darkness and said,

"Satou-kun, how do you know this beautiful girl?"

Konno-san obviously had some kind of impression of me that was completely at odds with reality. She was constantly surprised by everything she learned about me, anyway.

"Ah, we're part of an afterschool program that connects Japanese students and foreign exchange students."

That was the excuse we agreed on if someone started asking questions.

"I see. I'm Konno Lia, by the way. And you are…?"

"Oh, I'm… Um…"

Darkness seemed to have some problems saying her name. Come to think of it, I never really heard what her real name was. And the app didn't show me.

"J-Just Dustiness is fine!"

"Ah, of course. Nice to meet you, Dustiness-san."

She gave her last name. I didn't think that Darkness was the type to be so overly polite that she only wanted us to call her by a last name. Was there a reason why she was hiding her real name?

"We're going to the cafeteria right now, would you like to join? We can give you a tour of the school along the way."

"That would be lovely!"

Darkness happily agreed to Konno-san's offer.

Once we sat down and ordered our food, Darkness said,

"By the way, are there any clubs I should join? I'm having trouble deciding? Maybe the tea ceremony club?"

"Pfffft!"

I almost spat out my food when she said that, since I didn't see Darkness as some refined girl who would do such classy activities at all. Instead, I saw her as a brute who had an unhealthy obsession with pain and humiliation. Perhaps the tea ceremony club would suit her if her intention was to constantly get the steps wrong and make a fool out of herself.

Darkness glared at my reaction, but she also seemed to understand how ridiculous it was for her to even consider that as an option.

"Ahh… Konno-san, are you in any clubs right now?"

Darkness asked Konno-san instead of pursuing that tea ceremony idea.

"Hmm… Well, I'm in the naginata club. I'm not sure if you would like that, though."

Right after she said that, Darkness and I both got a notification from our phones. We gave each other a glance and checked our phones.

Side quest unlocked! Join the naginata club! Quest Rewards: +1 'Dexterity', +1 'Health'

The soccer season ended and there weren't any practices until the start of the next one. That meant that I had time after school to join another club.

I also knew firsthand that joining a club was a good way to raise physical stats.

What's more, Darkness who really needed to raise her dexterity could use this chance as well.

She seemed to have the same idea, as she said,

"I'll do it! I'll join the naginata club!"

"Eh? Really?"

Konno-san was surprised, not expecting her to join right away.

"I'll join, too."

"Really?!"

She was even more surprised when I agreed to join as well.

Part 4

"Oh? Konno, you brought in two new members, huh?"

The club captain, a big guy wearing protective gear and carrying a blunted spear used for training said, when Konno-san brought us to the club after school.

"Yeah… I'm surprised they joined, to be honest."

Since our school was primarily focused on academics, only the soccer and baseball clubs received significant success and attention on the athletics side. I was surprised that we even had a naginata club.

There were only a handful of members, a far cry from the soccer club that had a full starting roster, and a deep bench following that.

"Alright, well, Konno, help them put on their protective gear and help them get used to the spears."

Konno-san helped us put the equipment on, which was pretty similar to kendo equipment. As for the naginata itself, I didn't really need much instruction in it, since I already had a couple levels in the [Spear] skill, and my dexterity score was near 80, which was already in the realms of a top highschool/collegiate athlete.

Konno-san displayed some forms for us to copy, and she was surprised by my proficiency.

"Eh? Satou-kun, your form already looks pretty good!"

She said, impressed by my skills.

"...As for Dustiness-san… Um…"

Now, being beginners, we weren't asked to spar or even hit a target yet. We were just supposed to hit the air, pretty much.

This might be hard to believe, but Darkness was somehow failing to hit air.

"...No, a bit higher… Eh? Why did you swerve to the side?"

When she was supposed to thrust straight, she thrusted to the side.

When she was supposed to do a sweep, she somehow did a straight thrust.

"..."

Konno-san saw right away that Darkness was going to be a worthless club member.

"...Satou-kun, let's advance to the next step."

She wisely decided to focus her efforts on me.

You completed the quest, 'Join the Naginata club'! Quest Reward: +1 Dexterity, +1 Health

Once club practice was over, Konno-san was in a hurry to leave somewhere. She didn't specify where she was going, but I was willing to bet it had to do with her secret life as an idol.

Darkness and I left the school together. Rin and Mitsurugi already went home, since they didn't have club activities to do.

The sun hadn't set quite yet, giving the surroundings a wistful golden hue.

As we walked to the train station, Darkness said,

"...Do you mind if we stop by the dungeon?"

There was a depressed note in her voice.

"That's strange. You should be ecstatic that you received plenty of humiliation today."

"What do you think of me?! Someone who wants to be humiliated all the time?!"

Did I even need to answer that?

"...Even I want to look cool sometimes, you know? I looked like a total fool back there."

I guess even Darkness would be depressed after she failed to hit air.

"So you wanna go to the dungeon and try to raise your stats a bit more?"

She meekly nodded. It was the first time I had seen her this legitimately sad. I sighed and placed a hand on her shoulder.

"...Alright. I'll help you out."

"You're being surprisingly gentle right now, Kazuma…"

"You can thank Megumin for that."

"I see… So Aqua was right about you after all…"

"Hold on, what does that mean?"

I stopped patting her once I heard her mention Aqua saying something about me behind my back. Knowing her, it couldn't have been anything good.

She glanced away, looking like she regretted mentioning it, but when she saw I wouldn't let the subject drop, she said,

"...She said that Kazuma has a soft spot for little girls."

"Hah? Change of plans, I'm coming home to teach that girl a lesson!"

Darkness held my arm as I turned to change directions.

"Hold on, you promised to help me!"

"...How can I go on with my day like normal after hearing that someone has been spreading falsehoods about me?!"

She was probably calling me names like 'Lolima', too.

"Kazuma, think about it! Wouldn't it be more suspicious if you act so defensively about it? I mean, if you just let the matter drop, then no one will take Aqua's claims seriously."

"...You have a point."

The more someone reacts, the more people will suspect it's true. That's just the way human psychology works, for some reason.

"So your best chance of denying these lolicon allegations is to train me in the dungeon…"

"I don't like how you worded that."

At the end, Darkness managed to convince me to come with her to the dungeon, instead of rushing home to punish Aqua.

"Ah… Here you are again, Kazuma-san."

Mary greeted me, as Darkness and I teleported to the fourth floor.

"How are the monster movements today?"

"...Why do you sound like you're asking for the weather forecast?"

She sure knew a lot of human terms.

Mary told us that there was an unusual number of lizard men roaming in packs. As for the reason why…

"An app-user went down here and dropped a bunch of their loot they didn't want. The lizardmen then came out from their hiding places to look for the dropped loot."

"Hah?! Can't they just sell it from their inventory?!"

"I overheard him say that he felt generous and was leaving behind freebies to low-level app-users."

He had good intentions, but what a stupid way to go about it!

"Why didn't he just put them all in the same spot?"

Darkness said, bringing up a very good point.

"Hmm… I heard him mutter something about making it fun for app-users to find, like an easter egg hunt."

Nevermind, this guy is just plain stupid.

"...Hah. I guess we have to defeat those lizardmen, then."

Darkness said, knowing that lizard men with a bunch of equipment from the higher-floors would make for dangerous encounters to low-level app-users.

"Well, we're gonna be fighting, anyway. This doesn't really change our plans too much."

I tried to spin it into a positive thing, even though we both knew how much of a waste of time this was.

With that, we started our hunt for lizard men.

Thankfully, it didn't take long to find them at all. Like Mary said, they were all looking around the dungeon for the gear this stupid app user left behind.

I wanted to try unlocking some archer skills, but I also knew that this session was more about letting Darkness develop her dexterity scores. I took out my bow and focus on aiming at the lizardmen's weak spots, like their knees or thighs, severely immobilizing them.

Then, even someone as clumsy as Darkness could hit them all at once.

At least, that was the theory.

She slashed at all the lizardmen who fell down, but somehow managed to kill none. The rest were completely fine.

"...Kuh! I-I deserve to be mocked…! Give me your best roasts, Kazuma!"

I thought that she was just being her usual pervy self, but I sensed something else in her voice. There was disappointment and resignation in it.

"...You don't have to pretend that you're not disappointed by the outcome, Darkness."

I finished off the lizardmen with multiple snipes in a row.

Then, I went over to Darkness and placed a hand on her shoulder again, patting it. She blushed and looked at me in shock.

"Kazuma… Why are you being so nice?"

"What, you think I'm mean all the time?"

"You aren't?"

I really gave off that kind of impression, huh?

I started collecting the loot, with Darkness helping me once I started the task. Then, I said,

"Just like how you're not a masochist all the time and can genuinely feel hurt, I also know when my friends need my kinder side. So, uh, don't make it weird."

"It's hard not to feel weird when Kazuma tells me you want to treat me kindly!"

This kind of talk was way easier with Megumin. It was even more awkward with Darkness for some reason. Maybe it was because we never really talked about anything serious. Treading into the unknown was always painful, especially if it involved stuff like friendship.

Once we were done putting the loot away, I looked into Darkness's eyes. When she could see that I was being serious about this, she let out a long sigh.

"...Fine, I'm disappointed that I'm so useless when it comes to hitting things."

"You're not useless, Darkness."

"Kazuma, seriously, what's wrong with you?!"

She placed her hand on my head to see if I was afflicted with a fever.

"I'm just trying to cheer you up here! And I'm telling the truth, anyway. It doesn't matter even if you don't hit anything. Remember what you did during the war? You created a lot of space for us. You were essentially controlling the battlefield."

"...I was?"

From having her use [Taunt] to control the app-users, to making Sylvia move with her powerful but inaccurate attacks, Darkness acted as the perfect tank that day.

"Listen, Darkness, you don't play any MMO's right?"

"Um… You mean like genetically altered corn?"

"You're thinking about GMO."

This ojou-chan seriously didn't know anything about games.

"Alright, so basically, your role isn't really to do damage. Your real goal is simply to defend allies and control the battlefield. If you do end up doing damage, then that's great, but it's not really a requirement. Just think of landing hits as a nice bonus."

"...I don't really get it."

I sighed and said,

"I reckon it's a good idea to play an MMO together."

I had been meaning to play a bit of Myriad Swords 2 again, anyway. I hadn't touched the game since I took down the player killer.

Your bond with Darkness has increased!

Darkness (Masochist Crusader), Bond Rank: 6

At Rank 6, your relationship with Darkness has moved beyond her initial expectations of a sado-masochistic relationship! She sees that you sincerely care for her, and she appreciates you helping her improve her skills. Her feelings for you are slowly becoming real.

Careful! You are at a crossroads in your relationship!

Bond Reward: +20 Health

You have learned two new Archer skills!

[Crippling Shot] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp)

Target receives the 'Incapacitated' condition for 1 second. This skill only works on normal ammunition and additional buffs do not apply to damage.

[Rapid Shot] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp)

Attack speed when shooting with shortbows increased by x 1.5. This skill does not apply to longbows or crossbows.

Part 5

"...And so, for his efforts during the Shibuya Conflict, we will award Satou Kazuma with the rank of 'Captain'. Congratulations!"

When Sena told me that I had to show up for a meeting, I thought it would entail a debriefing, or maybe I'd even have to take the blame for the property damage.

I didn't expect a promotion.

"Congratulations, captain! You deserve your promotion!"

Sgt. Fujimoto took my previous title of First Lieutenant. This was really crazy to me, but when I thought about it, my ideas for the missiles were what took down Hans, and I also defeated Sylvia, albeit, with the help of others. It wasn't strange for them to consider me as the hero.

"Well… It wasn't such a big deal…"

"We have also decided to give you a reward of another 1 billion Yen for your efforts! Please use the money well to defend Japan once more!"

"..."

I wasn't able to respond this time.

I hadn't even put a dent in the previous billion they gave me, yet they were giving me another one.

"Ah… With that kind of money, Captain is gonna treat us to dinner, right?"
I couldn't exactly say no, could I?

I treated my squad to a very fancy wagyu restaurant. The whole thing cost me 100,000 Yen, but that was such a low amount compared to what I had that I didn't even blink twice at the bill.

"Captain… Hic! You're the best!"

"You guided us so well during the battle, too…"

"Banzai for our captain! Banzai!"

Aside from the wagyu, they also had a whole lot to drink.

Your bond with your squad has increased!

Satou Kazuma Squad (JSDF Forces), Bond Rank: 3

At Rank 3, this squad will obey all your orders and your commands. You have begun to cultivate a sincere loyalty from your squad, after you led them to victory against Hans and Sylvia. Marika thinks that you're a pervert, while the men appreciate your perverted nature. A good sense of camaraderie is forming between you and your squad.

Bond Reward: +5 Willpower

We went our own way after I made sure they each had a cab to take them home. I thought that I was free from drunk people for the night, until I arrived home and saw Aqua and Sena chugging down alcohol as well.

"Hic! You're late, Kashuma! Hic!"

Aqua wobbled as she got up and started prodding me with her finger.

"...You know, even if you are allowed to drink, Aqua, you should still practice moderation."

"When did you… Hic… Become such a square, Kazuma! This is our party for winning the war, get it? Our party!"

I looked around at the living room, which was only filled with empty bottles.

"I don't see anyone else celebrating."

"'Coz they're squares and losers like you, hic!"

I groaned and turned to Sena.

"...I was wondering why you didn't go to the meeting."

She had an uncharacteristically silly smile.

"I'm just a police officer. I don't need to show up to promotion ceremonies like that… hic!"

These two were hopeless.

I didn't know what to do with Sena, but I felt like it was fine for me to just pick up Aqua and carry her to her room. I carried her bridal style and considered dropping her on her bed, but I ended up gently laying her down.

I was about to leave when she giggled and pulled me to the bed with her.

"Oi… Kashuma… It's been a while, you know? Why don't we do it a lil' bit, hm?"

"Hah? You think I'd do it with a drunk girl?"

"Worrying about that… What a gentleman! Come on, you didn't party with me so you gotta make up for it."

I couldn't really deny that I did miss the sex with Aqua, since we hadn't had a chance to do it in the mansion.

She cheered as I sighed and started to drop my pants. I lowered her pajama bottoms as well and moaned as I went between her thighs and felt her pussy for the first time in a while. She moaned as well as I slowly readjusted to her tight body, until I was going at our usual pace, thrusting deeply inside her at a fast but controlled pace.

"That's it, Kashuma… Mnn! I missed this so muuuch~!"

Drunk as she was, I couldn't deny that I missed her too. I kissed her, my hands going up her top, feeling her breasts as we squirmed and bumped against each other. She was much grabbier when she was drunk, much more forthcoming with the dirty talk. It was so intense, and it had been so long since the last time, that it didn't take long until I came.

Thankfully, she was much the same, quickly having her own orgasm. I thought she'd ask for a round 2, but her eyes fluttered close as she fell asleep.

"...Falling asleep after you were begging for it…"

I sighed and put on my pants, ready to sneak back into my room.

When I opened the door, I didn't expect to see someone on the other side.

Much less Mitsurugi.

He was holding a glass of water, a look of surprise in his eyes.

"..." x 2.

We both stared at each other.

"Ah… Aqua sure is a pain in the ass to bring to bed!"

"Satou… I'm not falling for that one."

"Right…"

Ah, shit.

I messed up.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, JOJOBRN and 351 others
BoringBone
Nov 18, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 32: A Fight For These Best Friends!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Nov 25, 2024
Add bookmark
#758
Chapter 32: A Fight For These Best Friends!

Part 1

It was bound to happen eventually. Besides, I was a complete asshole for not telling Mitsurugi right away.

It was a silent and awkward walk outside, as Mitsurugi told me he wanted to talk in the garden. It was dark, but there were lamps illuminating the cobblestone path leading into the garden, casting a dim light on the bushes and flowers adorning it. He stopped and turned to me.

"...I thought you were going out with Rin? Are you cheating on her?"

I glanced away from him, thinking of the best way to explain this.

"She's aware of it."

"And she's fine with it?"

"Yeah, she is."

"Tsk… I was hoping I could use that."

This guy was really plotting my downfall, huh?

I couldn't really blame him. If I was in his position, I'd pretty much try to dig up as much dirt on the other guy as I could.

"Why didn't you tell me?"

He said, frowning.

"...Well, I figured you only had a small crush, so I was kinda hoping you'd lose your feelings for her eventually."

"Wow. You really are a scumbag, huh?"

It sounded worse when I said it aloud. It sounded much better in my head when I was rationalizing it to myself.

"You know, I was gonna let this slide if you just told me that you were worried about my feelings, but after hearing that… Well, I'm really pissed off now."

I nodded and spread my arms.

"You can punch me if you want."

"...Nah, that's too easy."

Easy for me, or for him?

"We gotta settle this like men and have a duel."

"Say what?"

I said, staring blankly at him. I went on and said,

"What is this, the samurai period?"

"Come on, you're a guy, you know that this is the only way to settle things, right?"

"...You're much higher level than me."

He took out a bottle from his inventory with a purple liquid inside.

"This is a poison that temporarily decreases one's stats upon consumption. It should decrease my stats to around your level."

This guy was really serious about this.

"Besides, we won't use weapons or any skills. Just fists."

It was gonna be a classic brawl, huh?
"...Listen, isn't it really cliche to have guys settle this with a fist fight? Why don't we play some Mario Kart, or something?"

"I'm the one who got cucked, so I choose the rules."

I guess that was that.
I accepted the terms, since I knew what he was feeling.

…I felt the same way when I saw my childhood friend with that delinquent senpai.

It made the whole thing worse, since I already knew how horrible it felt to have the girl you had a crush on get with another guy.

Even more so if you see the other guy as pure filth.

We squared off against one another, fists raised. It just occurred to me that I had never really fought with my fists before. In the dungeon, I used my bow or Chunchunmaru.

My only knowledge when it came to fist fights were the occasional self-defense clickbait videos I saw on YouTube.

I knew the theory behind a good punch was to use my legs to generate the power, rather than relying purely on my arms.

It seems that Mitsurugi was an amateur as well, since he charged in without any technique whatsoever, throwing a very choreographed right hook that I managed to backstep away from. Then, I threw a punch.

"Owww!"

The one who screamed in pain wasn't him, even though I hit his head with my punch. I screamed as my knuckles started throbbing in pain from punching his skull. Meanwhile, he only seemed a little dazed.

"Oi… You punched me without hesitation. That hurts!"

"My hand hurts even more! I think I broke it!"

He charged at me again, trying to tackle me down into the ground, but I was able to push him off, making him fall over.

"Gah! My nose! It's bleeding!"

"Oh, shit. My bad."

"..." x 2.

Once he got up, we stared at each other, with my potentially broken hand, and his bleeding nose.

"...This is stupid."

"I told you."

With the adrenaline wearing off, and with all our injuries, we stopped the duel.

I casted [Heal] on us, then we sat on a bench.

"...You're such an asshole, Satou."

"Yeah, sorry."

"You're aware of it, right?"

I was the type of guy who'd get depressed for years because I couldn't get a girl, only to do the same thing to another guy and expect him to be fine with it, because he was my friend. I was fully aware of how selfish I was, but what else was I supposed to do?

In my mind, Mitsurugi already had everything. He was popular, athletic and handsome. If it wasn't for the app or the dungeon, he would have coasted through life without any problems, while I would have stayed as a NEET, with no prospects, no girlfriend, or anything else.

I didn't take his feelings seriously because I figured he could just get any other girl he wanted. But he seemed serious about Aqua, at least. Just because he could get any girl he wanted, it didn't make his affections for Aqua less meaningful than mine.

"...Sorry, Mitsurugi."

He chuckled and sighed.

"A part of me wants to continue being petty, but we have more important things to worry about. It's kind of stupid to worry about relationship drama when there's demons from another world trying to invade ours."

Could I have been that mature about it, if the same thing happened to me? I doubt it. I thought that I grew up a lot thanks to Megumin, but I was only just starting to act like a normal person. I was nowhere near as mature as I wanted to be.

My mind was still a bit warped due to my NEET days, and there was still a lingering resentment in my heart towards riajuu, normies who I thought were living on easy mode.

Once I stopped thinking about Mitsurugi like that…

I can see now that he was probably my best friend at this point.

You finally realized it, you stupid male tsundere!

Your bond with Mitsurugi Kyouya has increased to the max level!

Mitsurugi Kyouya (Soccer Club Ace), Bond Rank: 7 (MAX)

At Rank 7, Mitsurugi Kyouya sees you as his best friend. Even with all your faults and secrecy, he has accepted everything about you. You are now friends for life, even if you won't admit it. He trusts you with his life, because he knows you trust him just as much.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill, [Rune Warrior]!

[Rune Warrior] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (20 mp)

Once you cast a spell, you can absorb it. Melee weapon and unarmed attacks are then imbued with the effects of that spell, which will change situationally depending on the spell absorbed. If the spell deals damage, that damage will be applied on-hit. This transformation will change your eyes and hair to reflect the nature of the spell absorbed. This transformation state will only last 1 minute and cannot be used again for another hour.

Part 2

"...Y-You can try again, Dustiness-san."

Konno-san encouraged Darkness, who was still screwing up her naginata drills.

Darkness and I went to the naginata club again after school with Konno-san, but Darkness wasn't making any progress at all.

"L-Like this? Eiii!"

"You're putting a lot of power into it… Perhaps that's what's making you miss?"

I was watching her as I did my own drills. We were supposed to hit a wooden target, with the club president and Konno-san supervising us.

Since I had the [Teaching] skill which was supposed to make someone learn faster, I decided to give Darkness some advice.

"Why don't we try just having you move closer to the target, instead of having you attack from a distance?"

Darkness was missing because she had to step forward and thrust her naginata at max range. By moving closer, it would increase her accuracy a lot.

"...But if she's that close, wouldn't that ruin the purpose of this exercise?"

Konno-san said, doubtful of my method.

"Well, it's better to have her get used to hitting the target, rather than having her lose confidence."

"I suppose so."

Darkness looked embarrassed as Konno-san set the target right in front of her.

"Um… Isn't this too close?"

She said, holding the spear and tapping the target with the tip.

"Ohh! You hit it, Dustiness-san!"

Konno-san clapped her hands, much to Darkness's mortification.

"K-Kazuma, this isn't gonna help me at all!"

"Just keep doing that. Trust me."

She was about to argue again, but when she saw that I was serious, she kept poking the target.

"...Eh? Why did my dexterity go up?!"

She said, when she checked her phone after doing that drill for an hour under my supervision.

"I knew it. You were affected by my [Teaching] skill."

Mitsurugi told me that he unlocked this skill after training me during soccer practice. Back then, whenever Mitsurugi taught me, I experienced a crazy amount of growth when it came to my physical stats, even if all I was doing was basic practice.

In short, someone could make an incredible amount of progress once they were under the effect of the [Teaching] skill. At least, that was the case for a beginner. Darkness was bound to hit a development wall like I did, eventually.

But still, it was good to raise her dex as high as possible while we still can.

"...Raising my dex is nice and all, but like what you said before, Kazuma, it's still way too low even if I train it."

"Well, you're still developing your accuracy by doing that, aren't you?"

"...I really doubt that."

She couldn't believe me at all.

After practice, we said goodbye to Konno-san and the club captain. Then, we headed over to the dungeon. I wanted to show Darkness what I meant, even if she remained skeptical of me.

We went to the first floor of the dungeon, and then we came across a goblin…

"[Freeze Gust]!"

I froze it in place.

Then, I handed Darkness a spear that we took from the lizardmen before, which remained in my storage box.

"Stop using that greatsword for now and use this spear."

"B-But I want to keep using a greatsword!"

"Are you still gonna be stubborn about that? Swords take too much skill to use properly, much less by someone as clumsy as you. But just about anyone can use a spear. Besides, you spent all that time training with a naginata. It's the same thing."

She silently accepted the spear and went to the immobile goblin.

Before, Darkness would have still struggled to finish off an enemy who couldn't even move. But with all the practice she spent hitting a stationary target from up closer with a spear, she didn't have any problems at all finishing off the goblin.

"...! I actually did it!"

She said, looking in wonder at the dead goblin.

I nodded and said,

"This is what I meant. Since I have a lot of ways to disable the opponent, all you need to work on is how to finish off a target with a spear. All you need to do is thrust a spear forward, so you don't need to think about anything else and just let muscle memory take over."

"...But I want to stick with a sword…"

I raised a brow at her insistence to keep using a sword.

"Why are you so hung up on swords, anyway? Historically, spears have always been more effective. The effectiveness of a sword is in its ease of carriage, but that doesn't even affect you since you can just summon a spear from your inventory whenever you want."

She stared at the katana I had sheathed on my belt and said,

"Kazuma… Then why aren't you using a spear?"

I averted my gaze.

"...I don't know what you mean by that."

"You do! You totally do! I don't care about the historical effectiveness of spears or whatever. Swords are cooler!"

"Who cares if they're cooler! Use something more effective!"

"Then, Kazuma, why are you using a katana and not a longsword?"

"..."

I averted my gaze again.

"...A-Anyway, stick to spears from now on."

"Kazuma, you're totally avoiding the question! Come on, let's both be spear partners, alright?! I mean, spears are better than katanas, right?!"

"No way! Katanas are way cooler!"

"So you finally admit it!"

"So what?! I don't have any problems hitting targets, but you do! So keep using that spear!"

Darkness didn't have any comebacks for that one, so she couldn't respond.

We kept training, with me freezing targets or wrapping them up with [Bind], and Darkness walking up to them to finish them off with a spear. Eventually, once she was able to consistently do that, I decided to increase the difficulty a little.

"Instead of standing close to the target, you should go from a running start and finish off the monster at the max range of the spear, just like we practiced with Konno-san."

"...I couldn't do that before, though."

"Well, that's the point of practicing, right?"

She eventually nodded and we looked for some more goblins to hunt.

"Hahhh…!"

Even with the goblin tied up and ready for killing, Darkness still ended up completely missing it.

"It's no use after all…"

She said, hanging her head in defeat.

"I think the problem here is that you're biomechanically incompetent."

"...I'd rather you just called me clumsy like you usually do."

She said, glaring at me with teary eyes.

"Let's put it another way. You can't efficiently combine the different motions your body uses to make an attack. That's not really all that unusual. I mean, not everyone is suited for combat."

The reality is that most modern humans have no real use for a lot of these complicated movements, especially when it comes to combat.

"...So, what should I do?"

"If you can't handle moving your body in a natural way, then we'll have to come up with your own way of using a spear that will suit you."

Darkness could attack with a spear from a completely standstill position. The problem was that in a real fight, even if I could disable a target, Darkness would still need to move in to attack, and that movement before the attack was what threw her off.

At the same time, if Darkness simply walked up to the enemy like she did with the goblins earlier. There was a chance the enemy could break out in the time it took for her to walk over, or block the attack since they can see her walking their way with such a choreographed attack.

And so, I came up with a different method.

We found another goblin. When I froze it, Darkness started running to the goblin.

When she reached within the maximum distance of the spear, she skidded to a halt. Then, once she was standing in place…

"Hahhh!"

She killed the goblin with a thrust.

"..." x 2.

We stood in silence after Darkness perfectly executed that move.

"Pffft!"

"S-Stop laughing, Kazuma!"

It looked so stupid.

There was hardly anything fluid about that movement at all. She skidded on the ground like Wile E. Coyote trying not to fall off a cliff.

"Bwahahaha!"

"I-I told you to stop laughing!"

It was a rather effective attack.

But it looked so stupid and ridiculous that I couldn't help but laugh at her.

Part 3

"Aww~! You've grown big, haven't you?"

Darkness said, as she hugged the Giant Toad she accidentally tamed.

We went to the Giant Toad area after Darkness got tired from her 'skidding' practice. She wasn't physically tired, she was psychologically tired from me laughing at her the entire time.

While we were close to the tamed Giant Toad, the other toads left us alone. Perhaps they also recognized Darkness as the mother of this toad.

We gave Darkness's toad a collar that had a note on it, asking other app-users not to kill the tamed toad. Thankfully, they could at least listen to basic instructions.

"You come up with a name for it yet?"

I asked, as I walked forward and also petted the toad. It was wary of me at first, but my [Monster Tamer] title did its job and it soon relaxed.

"Hmm… How about 'Senbei'?"

Darkness said, after giving it some thought.

"You mean, the rice cracker?"

"Yeah, I've taken a liking to those. They're very good with tea. I'm gonna take a bunch of them with me to England when I come back."

It was a rather weird name, but I sensed some homesickness in Darkness's eyes as she talked about home. So I didn't make fun of her for it.

…I'm being way too nice lately. Not that it's a bad thing, but it just feels weird.

"Senbei, huh? So would her nickname be Bei-chan?"

"Oh, that's cute! I like it!"

"Isn't that nice, Bei-chan? You've got a cute name now."

Bei-chan didn't seem to understand me, but she rubbed her head against my hand as I patted her.

I looked at Darkness for a bit as she was smiling at Bei-chan, then I got an idea. I smirked and said,

"...You sure are cute, Bei-chan. Just like your mother."

"...!"

Darkness snapped her head to me, blushing hard.

"...Stop teasing me like that, Kazuma! I won't fall for it! And I'll come up with a new name for her, since you're just teasing me!"

OK… That was actually kinda cute.

Really cute, actually.

Saying that I was just joking now would be too cruel.

Rather, I began to learn that with Darkness, it wasn't like she was a masochistic freak all the time. Just like how Aqua wasn't a complete idiot all the time, or Megumin wasn't an explosive terrorist all the time.

"W-Well, you are cute, Darkness…"

"Oh, you're serious?"

I gave her a blank look.

"...Are you just fishing for compliments, or something? I mean, come on, you look like a goddamn supermodel. 'Cute' is an understatement, isn't it?"

Darkness blushed even harder. She knelt down to her knees and buried her head in them. Seeing her like that just made me embarrassed, too.

"T-Thanks, Kazuma…"

"Just telling the truth."

"...You know, I've been called beautiful a lot before."

"Wow. So humble, this girl."

"I'm not trying to brag! I'm just saying… This is the first time I've actually felt like I was beautiful."

My heart actually skipped from that. I mean, what is a guy supposed to do if a girl says that?

When you're not being a crazy perverted bitch and you stand there with your mouth closed, yeah, you're hot.

Maybe I would have responded like that in the past.

It was a defense mechanism, I knew that now. I didn't want to compliment someone, only for them to laugh at me or turn it around and say that I was some simp or a desperate loser. I guess my insecurities ran deep, and I had a rejection complex, after all.

But I knew Darkness wouldn't do that to me.

With my lips trembling, and a weird feeling bubbling in my stomach, I said,

"...Well, uh, I'm proud of you for today, Darkness. You worked really hard, and I know it was hard for you to stop using a sword, because you really did like it so much. Maybe one day, you can start using your sword again. I'll always be here for you to train."

I felt weak. My hands were cold, and I was expecting for Darkness to laugh at me at any moment.

She stood up. Then, she hugged me.

"...Thanks, Kazuma."

It was hard, saying all that. I didn't even know why. A decent person wouldn't have any problems complimenting a friend. Yet, here I was, feeling like my world was gonna shatter around me, just like the roof of this place did when Megumin exploded it.

Under this fake sky, with this artificial light and heat around us, this moment felt so real.

"If you want a reward of some kind, go ahead and tell me. You deserve it after working so hard."

I said, drawing back and giving her the best smile I could give, even if it turned out crooked.

"You're really trying hard right now, aren't you, Kazuma?"

"You know it."

"W-Well… Um, how about something lewd… Hehe… Gah!!! Ignore that! We're having such a nice moment and here I am letting my fetish take control again!"

She looked deeply ashamed of herself, but rather than roasting her…

"...I'm fine with it."

"Eh?"

She looked at me, confused that I agreed.

"...It's not like you're asking for something I don't want as well."

"But… I'm always asking you to do these crazy things for me. I know it's weird, and…"

"It's not really that weird."

In terms of fetishes, I had seen more degenerate things. In fact, the whole masochism thing was such a common fetish, anyway.

The only reason why Darkness was seeking out pain in combat was that she was backed up from not getting any sexual fulfillment when it comes to her fetish, right? She was a teenager, too. Sometimes you just get so horny that you do stupid stuff. I could relate to that.

I mean, I went inside a succubus dream brothel and used their services without hesitation, after all.

Then all that stuff with Aqua happened afterwards.

"T-Then… I can ask Kazuma…?"

"Yeah, sure."

Her eyes widened, unable to believe I was agreeing so readily. I mean, a blonde foreign beauty was telling me she wanted to do lewd things with me. Why would I refuse, anyway?
Aside from being more honest with my feelings, I also made a promise to myself, an eternal promise that will never be broken.

Satou Kazuma will never become like those dumbass LN and anime protagonists! If a girl wants to do lewd things with me, I'll gladly accept!

Part 4

We went back home, in Darkness's room. I looked at the picture of Darkness and her father. It was a cute picture, with a young Darkness being held by her father.

Darkness was clearly nervous as she sat on her bed. I sat beside her, raising a brow at the way she was fidgeting around.

"Why are you so nervous? You're always asking goblins and kobolds to mess you up, but you're getting all shy now?"

"You're back to teasing me again, huh?!"

I couldn't avoid some playful teasing.

She was wearing a white blouse and blue jeans, even though she normally wore a dress or a blouse and a long skirt. She'd wear pants whenever we went to the dungeon.

I placed a hand on her thigh, and she squealed, flinching from the contact.

"Oi. If you're gonna react like that, I won't do this."

"I-I'm fine, you can keep going…"

"...Well, you said you wanted to do something lewd, but can you be more specific?"

"It's embarrassing to say aloud…"

"If it's some kind of extreme sadistic play, I'm out."

"It's nothing like that! I don't want to scare Kazuma away, after all…"

So if I was fine with that kinda play, she would have requested it, huh?

"...How about this? I'll just slowly escalate things, and if you want me to stop, just say a safe word."

"I see… What should our safe word be?"

I thought about it, then said,

"How about senbei?"

"...You're gonna use my daughter's new name as a safe word for lewd stuff?"

That did seem kind of messed up.

We settled instead on 'lemon'.

I resumed what I was doing, letting my hand slide along her thigh. She didn't flinch at the contact this time, but she was blushing pretty hard.

"You have gorgeous hair."

I said, touching her blonde ponytail dangling behind her.

"T-Thanks…"

I leaned in, my face drawing close, she turned her eyes away, but she didn't move away from me. I gave her cheek a soft kiss.

Her face was completely red now. I chuckled.

"Wow. You're a complete maiden under all those messed up fetishes of yours, huh?"

"So what if I am?!"

I gave her another kiss on the cheek, before kissing around her jawline, then going lower, to her neck.

She gasped as she felt my hot breath on her skin, then my lips. I kissed her cheeks again, before drawing back, then turning her head to face me.

She recognized what I was asking for, and closed her eyes, lips slightly perked.

I chuckled at her shy expressions, before leaning in to take her first kiss.

She went still, before her body seemed to soften up from its tense state, as I kissed her as gently as I could. I drew back, looking into her blue eyes.

"Did you like that?"

I said, smiling as I ran a thumb across her bottom lip to clean it.

She nodded, her eyes shimmering with wonderment.

"Yeah…"

I let her enjoy the moment. A first kiss were one of those things that become a permanent memory. I didn't want her to feel like hers was rushed. After giving her a few seconds to soak in the moment, I held her face and went in for another kiss.

Once she got accustomed to the normal kisses, I opened my mouth and deepened it. I didn't slip my tongue in yet, not wanting to overwhelm her. I knew just how fun it was to experiment with kissing from Aqua, even without doing lewd stuff. There was almost a sense of innocence to it, free from anything sexual, a playful, mischievous activity.

Her shyness dwindled as we kept kissing. I felt her tongue on mine, surprising me that she was the first to extend an invitation. I accepted the invitation, my tongue meeting hers, letting her set the pace.

Still, if Darkness just wanted to make out with me, she wouldn't have specifically requested for something lewd. I let my hands drift up her toned stomach to her chest, stopping just underneath her breasts. I waited for her to say the safe word, but when she kept making out with me, I let my hands lift one of those big breasts of hers.

There was a noticeable shift in the air, the tension rising as she moaned into my mouth. Aqua's were the biggest pair of breasts I'd felt, but they were pretty average all things considered. But Darkness was properly stacked. I had never seen a girl with her cup size outside of porn or drawings. And even through her bra, I could feel how soft and bouncy they were.

My hands went up her blouse, unbuttoning them. I wanted to see more. She didn't refuse, blushing wildly as our lips separated and I looked down her cleavage, revealing more as I unbuttoned her blouse. She was wearing a white bra.

With her blouse off, she was just in her jeans. The sight of Darkness with just a bra and jeans on was way too alluring.

"God, you're so hot."

I said, fondling her breasts through her bra.

I loved seeing all her shy reactions. People in school thought of her as a beautiful foreigner, while those who were close to her knew about her perverted side. I was the only one who knew how cute she was when I was praising her like this.

"I wanna see them. Can I?"

I said, pointing at her bra.

She eventually nodded. I reached behind her and unclasped her bra. Those large breasts of hers were in full view. I reached for one, cupping it in my hand, amazed at how perky they are despite their size. She moaned when I touched a pink nipple, playing with it with my thumb and forefinger.

"Lay down for me."

She nodded, laying back as I straddled her, groping her breasts, then leaning down to take one in my mouth. She gasped at the contact, as she felt my lips around her nipples, moaning once I started licking and suckling them.

Even with the safeword, I didn't think that she wanted to go all the way yet. Otherwise, she would have specifically asked for sex. Maybe if I wasn't as experienced as I was, I would have started pushing for sex right away. Knowing Darkness, I wasn't even sure if she was capable of saying no if she was coerced. I had to be careful about that. I was the most experienced one, so I had to be all the more considerate about boundaries and such.

Still, she clearly told me that she wanted to do something lewd. That meant that pretty much anything that wasn't sex was on the table, unless she said the safe word, of course. Knowing this, I sat up, confusing her and making her release a small groan of disappointment, thinking that our session stopped, until I started to take off my pants. That retained her interest once more, as she watched in anticipation as my pants fell, my boxers following after.

Now, I've had sex with two girls. I probably shouldn't be acting like some shy virgin about having a girl see my member. Yet, I still blushed as I showed myself to Darkness for the first time. Maybe I'll never really get over that first-time shyness. I mean, it wasn't like I only viewed Darkness as a one-time hook-up. She was my friend, someone I fought battles of life and death with. Even beyond the intimacy component, the matter of our friendship gave me a level of embarrassment that even an experienced guy like me couldn't just shrug off.

"...Don't stare so much."

I said, blushing as I looked away.

Her eyes widened, before she glanced away.

"That reaction… Kazuma, you can be kinda cute sometimes, huh?"

I pouted, which made Darkness bite her lip.

"Yeah, Kazuma… You're cute when you act all tsun."

"Oh, shut up!"

I didn't like how I was being labeled as a male tsundere by these girls.

But rejecting it would just affirm the label, right?

Damn, tsunderes have it hard.

Not like I am one.

I eventually got over my first time shyness, as I started to shift closer to Darkness' chest, eventually mounting it.

"...Um, I'm fine with whatever kinda play, but what is this, Kazuma?"

I responded by taking my cock and slipping it between those tits of hers.

As expected of a pervert like her, she got the idea I was going for.

Darkness is a degenerate, but she was also an ojou-sama who was pretty much inexperienced when it came to actual sex. It's difficult to please her, since she'd want to do something pretty out there to satiate her masochistic desires, yet, it couldn't be anything actually extreme or penetrative. If I did something mild like ask her for a simple handjob, or if I just fingered her and made her cum, she'd probably complain and her masochistic side would come out and demand to ask for more.

And so, I settled on an act that was a bit unusual, but not totally crazy, which is, a mounted titjob.

I squeezed her breasts together around my cock, then I started thrusting between those heavy, soft mounds.

She was definitely liking this, from the way she was watching me move between her tits, to the way she was panting while blushing hard.

"...You like the way I fuck those rude tits of yours?"

This was still Darkness, so I gave her some dirty talk as a service.

"Y-Yesh! Please use these naughty breasts as you desire, master!"

She went way too far, as usual.

I let her have her fun, giving her some casual dirty talk in a sadistic tone as I leered down at her, all while thrusting my cock in and out of her breasts.

It felt good, how my shaft rubbed against the soft flesh wrapping around it. The visual impact and novelty was also pretty insane. I mean, I never thought I'd be getting a paizuri from a foreign beauty. Yet, here was this gorgeous blonde ojou-sama, watching me with her blue eyes as my cockhead appeared and reappeared from between her large breasts.

Soon, the mounting pleasure and the situation was too much.

"Hnnnngh!"

I released my seed all over her tits, with enough force that I managed to get it on her face, too.

She closed her eyes as spurts landed all over her face. Opening them as the last spurt landed on her chin.

And like that, I fulfilled Darkness's request.

"Hah… Hah… Kazuma…"

We both stared at each other, dazed from the intensity of the moment.

Before we eventually blushed and I climbed off her.

"Sorry… I made a mess…"

"I-It's fine…"

"...Did you like it?"

"Y-Yeah… Can we keep doing things like this?"

Sometimes, it was hard to be honest, but…

"Yeah, definitely."

This time, I could say the truth without much trouble at all.

Part 5

I stared at the number I found in the wallet of the app-user Mary 'ate'.

The number belonged to his girlfriend.

There was a picture of Mary's 'beloved' and his girlfriend. She was a pretty lady in her mid twenties who had dyed brown hair. She wore a red dress and they were in some kind of bar.

I had been thinking about how to go about returning this wallet and tell her of the death of her boyfriend, but I couldn't really figure out a way to explain how I knew he was dead. If it didn't turn out well, I could be blamed for his death.

I wasn't fearful of the legal consequences, considering my connections to the government. I just didn't want to have to deal with her thinking I was her lover's killer.

I approached Sena and told her about the complicated situation I was burdened with. She listened attentively, then said,

"Why don't you just give us the wallet, and the police can deal with this matter? After all, it's not like you're personally obligated to do this yourself."

That was true. And the police could spin whatever story they wanted to explain the app-user's death in a rational way.

The fact I felt like it was my personal duty to do this myself showed that I was still self-absorbed in a lot of ways.

Or perhaps, I felt like it was my responsibility as Mary's guardian of sorts.

Regardless, it was the right call to let Sena and the police handle this.

"Thanks, Sena. You're a big help."

She smiled and nodded.

"You do so much for this country, it's an honor to help when I can, sir!"

We smiled at each other, while I waited for something to happen.

"...? Um, is there anything else I can do for you?"

"I guess you really have no talent or potential after all, Sena."

"Excuse me?! I thought we were having a moment there!"

I accidentally said something rude.

I was actually waiting for a bond to form between us, but Appuri-chan didn't say anything.

Bonds can only form with those with potential to enter the dungeon. I suppose that meant that even my family could one day enter the dungeon and download the app, since I had a bond with them.

The fact that I hadn't been forming any bonds with Sena, despite all we had been through together, meant that she had zero potential whatsoever.

I mean, I was even able to bond with a plant monster, of all things.

"Don't worry, Sena. You're incredibly useful even without the app."

"So that's what you mean…"

She sighed in relief, when she found out I wasn't referring to her talents as a normal person.

"Speaking of talents, perhaps I can show off one of them to you, sir."

"...Just call me Kazuma. I'm younger than you, right?"

"Well, you're a captain, so…"

"That's also supposed to be super classified."

"Oh, right. Then, Kazuma, have you ever had formal hand-to-hand combat training?"

"Do mandatory judo lessons at school count?"

"...Not really. Well, maybe. Are you interested in some lessons from yours truly? You might learn a skill or two!"

"Well, I have the archer class right now. I might not be able to learn any skills even if I do that."

"I'm not talking about app skills! You can learn things normally without it involving the app in any way, you know?!"

She was right. I kept thinking about app related stuff, where there were a whole bunch of skills I could attempt to master even if I didn't gain any app-related abilities from it.

"Very well, I accept your offer. And I think it's cute that you want to prove your skills to me."

She blushed and said,

"...I am older than you, so you shouldn't tease me. Besides, I already know you're fooling around with a bunch of other girls…"

Well, I guess if Mitsurugi found out, a policewoman like Sena would also find out pretty quickly.

"Aqua tells me all about it, after all."

So it was her fault!

"That drinking buddy of yours sure is loose-lipped, huh?"

Sena wagged her finger.

"And that's why I'm not falling for your tricks, even if you try to seduce me. Even if I am a single woman who is constantly worried about never having a lover despite nearing 'that age'!"

Was she telling me it was OK to make a move on her, or not?

"...I wasn't even trying to seduce you."

"You weren't?!"

Just because I said she was cute, she thought I was already seducing her?

Well, I did think that my childhood friend was gonna marry me, just because she said I was cute before.

"Sorry, my bad. I didn't want you to think I was making a move on you, or anything."

She was surprised when I actually apologized about it.

"No, it's fine… It's my fault for misunderstanding."

I looked at her for a second, then said,

"But I do have special circumstances surrounding me. More specifically, since I have an open relationship, you don't have to hold back if you ever feel like you want to try something."

She stared at me, mouth going wide.

"...You serious?"

I shrugged and replied,

"I mean, I do find you very attractive, and we get along. If you can't find anyone else, it'd be cruel to deny you a chance when I'm giving everyone else a chance, right?"

"...I feel like that logic is kind of messed up, but… Why does it kinda make sense at the same time?!"

I guess this was my max bond rank with my family was capable of, the ability to have an unlimited number of girlfriends.

It wasn't that Sena was OK with the arrangement right away. Rather, she just accepted the logic and reasoning behind it.

I guess Megumin's hypothesis was right, and I didn't have to worry that my app abilities were mind controlling people into joining my harem, twisting their beliefs and morals just for my enjoyment.

"Just something to think about. Anyway, so you wanted to give me some lessons?"

"Oh, right."

She remembered the original topic at hand.

We moved to the gym, where this was a connecting room leading to an open space with plenty of mirrors. There were padded mats stacked at a corner, which could be used for yoga or, in our case, an unarmed combat lesson. After we finished setting the room up, Sena began her lesson.

"I'll be teaching you some MMA basics."

She said, standing in front of me.

It was just the first lesson, so there were more verbal instructions than anything, but she did eventually have me practice some punches on her, as she held up some protective mitts.

With her instructions, I was able to punch more smoothly than in my fight against Mitsurugi.

I knew about crosses, jabs and hooks, but just knowing about certain techniques and having an image in your head doesn't really translate to success. Sena had me repeat the punches over and over, giving me the basis to build my muscle memory on.

I doubted that I'd ever really need these lessons, since I could just make weapons with my magic, but it was a good exercise, and it didn't hurt to have more options. All my victories were the result of my versatile skill set, after all.

Your stamina has increased by +1!

We trained for a couple hours before we stopped. I thanked her for the lesson, then took a bath after, washing away the sweat. There was dinner after that, and everyone came to the dining room table to enjoy a meal. It was Yunyun's turn to cook dinner that night. As always, she made way too much, likely an effort to get our approval.

In order to satisfy her need for validation, we made sure to give her lots of praises.

"It's so good, Yunyun!"

"Your cooking is the best!"

"...It's pretty good."

Megumin forced herself to smile at Yunyun and praise her. At least she was holding up her end of the promise to be more honest with Yunyun.

Yunyun smiled from all the praise she was getting.

"Ehehe… Thank you, everyone. Now, for dessert!"

We all chuckled weakly as she brought on a bunch of dessert that we didn't have room in our stomachs for.

When we finally managed to finish the dessert, I made an announcement to everyone.

"...Who here has played an MMO before?"

Only Megumin raised her hand.

"What did you play, Megumin?"

"I played Myriad Swords 1 and 2 at the net cafe before."

I was surprised she could even afford the net cafe before. Then again, those were pretty cheap.

I got the idea about playing Myriad Swords 2 with the others after training with Darkness. It occurred to me that these guys didn't really have a clue when it comes to things like MMO knowledge.

Considering that the app was based on things like RPG mechanics, it wouldn't do to have a bunch of normies bringing us down with their lack of knowledge.

The biggest offenders were Mitsurugi and Darkness.

"...Satou, why are you looking at me as if I'm filth?"

"Ah, my bad. I'm still working on trying to view you as a real person, and not a mindless NPC whose head is filled with convention and banal ideas."

"Oi! I thought we made great strides in our friendship recently! What the hell is that for?!"

It's always one step forward and two steps back with me when it comes to being nice.

And so, they agreed to form a guild with me on Myriad Swords 2.
Last edited: Jan 24, 2025
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, kinggamerlite29 and 332 others
BoringBone
Nov 25, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 33: A Gamer Girl For This Former Guild Master!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Dec 2, 2024
Add bookmark
#779
Chapter 33: A Gamer Girl For This Former Guild Master!

Part 1

Along with the many facilities I requested from the government was a PC room. I took everyone there after dinner and had them all make accounts for Myriad Swords 2, which already came installed with every PC.

"Wait, I have to play, too?"

Sena said, as she looked at her screen in confusion.

"Of course. Everyone needs to be on the same page, after all."

"Alright, I'm in a place called beginner island, Satou. Ohh! This guy over here says he can give me high-level equipment if I give him my email address!"

I knew that Mitsurugui was clueless when it came to MMOs, but was his media literacy really this low?

First thing I did was disable the chat feature for all of them, only allowing them to communicate with those in the guild.

Aside from Megumin's account, we all had level 1 accounts. I sold the account I used to defeat the player killer, so I had to start from level 1. I took them to the training grounds to grind their stats.

"This is kinda fun, senpai! Ohhh…! This weapon is super powerful, isn't it?! It gives me +5 attack!"

I smiled fondly while watching Rin. I would do anything to go back in time and play an MMO for the first time. That feeling of exploration and wonder is better than grinding all day as a max level sweaty tryhard. Playing the game doesn't even feel fun anymore at that point, it feels more like an obligation.

While I was watching over them, I noticed that there was a commotion in the server chat.

"Omg! It's Dark+Angel-sama!"

"What is she doing here in the noob area?!"

"Dark+Angel-sama, please accept my marriage invitation!"

Dark+Angel was my former protege in my old guild.

I used my same handle as my old account in Myriad Swords 1, 'RNGod'. I did this on purpose, since I was curious if my old guild mates would notice me and look for me. I didn't expect it to happen that fast. I mean, I didn't know why else Dark+Angel would come all the way down here in the low level area.

"Hello, my lovely fans! I hope you're all doing well~!"

Everyone in the server went crazy, and the game started to get laggy as they crowded around Dark+Angel.

She was one of the most popular players in Myriad Swords, not only because she was a confirmed, real e-girl, but because she was legitimately very good at the game, thanks to my training.

Dark+Angel was popular enough in the community that I once overheard some elementary school kid bragging to his friends that he had Dark+Angel in his friends list, but he couldn't provide proof because his account got hacked. You know you made it as a player when random elementary school kids lie about having you in your friends list.

If I was to compare her to a player in another game, I'd say she was on the same level of notoriety as Suuushi was in Maplestory. If you know, you know.

"Hm? Why's the game so laggy?"

Aqua said, moving her mouse around the screen, as if that would do anything to fix the server lag.

As Aqua said that, a max-level player with end game armor and weapons appeared in the noob training area.

"Whoa! Who's this?! They look so cool!"

Megumin said, squealing as she admired the player.

Of course, this was none other than Dark+Angel.

She sent me repeated DM access requests. I accepted it.

Dark+Angel: There you are! Where were you all this time?!

I did feel pretty bad about that, since I did promise my guild I'd play Myriad Swords 2 with them when it came out. But I just happened to discover the dungeon on that day.

RNGod: My bad. I had a lot of IRL stuff to take care of.

Dark+Angel: There's nothing else going on in your life. Don't even pretend like you had better things to do.

I couldn't really say anything back, since I really was that much of a loser back then.

RNGod: I'm serious. These noobs over here are my IRL friends. I'm introducing them to the game now.

Dark+Angel: I see… When I saw your username pop out on the server list, I thought that you were just an impostor or fan boy, but it really is you, huh?

RNGod: Yup, the very same.

Dark+Angel: Well, I don't want to lose contact with you again, so link me your socials!

RNGod: I don't really have any social media accounts.

Dark+Angel: Seriously? Then give me your LINE!

I wouldn't normally give my contact info to someone online, but Dark+Angel was an old friend, even if I had never met her IRL before. Besides, the fact that she went over here as soon as she saw my name meant that she did care about me to an extent.

Dark+Angel: Wait, that's what you look like? No way.

I set my profile picture on LINE to a picture my mom took while I was playing soccer.

Meanwhile, I looked at Dark+Angel's picture and saw a cute girl with black hair and clean bangs that covered her forehead, wearing a school uniform.

RNGod: I'm having a hard time believing this is you, as well.

Dark+Angel: Then why don't we meet up and I'll prove it?

At this point, I didn't really care if this was a trap. I mean, what could a normal human even do to me at this point?

RNGod: Sure, why not.

Dark+Angel: Eeep! This guy is so eager to see me! I'm in danger!

She was full of jokes, as always.

Glad to see that some things never change.

Part 2

I never thought I'd actually meet my old protege in the guild offline, yet I found myself going to a family restaurant we agreed on. Prior to the meeting, she kept doubting the fact that I was a highschool soccer player who made it to the finals of the inter-high. She thought that I was trying to steal someone else's identity.

When I arrived at the family restaurant, I saw her already seated at a table. She was wearing a black hoodie and had pink headphones on. She had smooth and silky black hair that went up to her shoulders, bangs cut just over her eyelids. She looked up when I approached and did a double take.

"No way."

She said, unable to believe that I was telling the truth.

I couldn't really fault her for staring at me. My attractiveness wasn't crazy high, at a 61, but my charisma was a high 80. Not to mention, I was ripped now thanks to my high strength score, which was at an 82.

I also splurged 10,000 Yen on a new outfit, getting myself a tan collared shirt that I kept unbuttoned, sleeves folded up. Inside I wore a white v-neck, and completed the outfit with dark green pants and black sneakers.

The outfit was pretty simple, but my muscular physique made everything I wore fit well, especially around my pecs and shoulders.

"...Alright, how much did he hire you?"

She said, narrowing her eyes.

"Hah? What are you on about?"

"There's no way you're my guild leader! My guild leader is a stinky NEET who did nothing all day but play games!"

I couldn't really blame her for having that image of me, since I really was like that back then.

"So, what? You think I'm some guy he hired to fill in for him?"

"Exactly! You must be a model, or one of those rental boyfriends!"

It was very flattering, hearing her mistake me for a model.

"...Why would I even need to do that?"

"To impress me, of course!"

"What's the point of impressing you if I'm not even going to meet you as myself?"

"Well, uh…"

I showed her the error in her logic easily enough.

"Listen, I quit playing that game for a while, right? I made a lot of self-improvements since then, and this is the result."

"I see… Well, good on you."

She finally accepted it. Not only that, but she was clearly checking me out.

I thought that the conversation would stall a little bit, since this was our first time meeting each other offline. Not only that, but we hadn't been in contact with each other for a while. Yet, when we started talking about the good old days of our guild, we found ourselves talking pretty easily, laughing as we fondly recalled the more entertaining parts of our time in the guild.

Dark+Angel and I always got along. It was an instantaneous connection, in fact. I never really went out of my way to try and impress her like the others in the guild tried to do, because I just viewed her as another gaming friend. Besides, I never really thought that I'd ever get a chance to talk to her face-to-face like this, anyway, so there was no ulterior motive on my part. Maybe that was why she trusted me so much like she did.

"...Do you think the guys in the guild would welcome me back?"

I said, once we finished talking about the time we almost got party wiped in the most infamously unfair dungeon in the game.

"Yeah, I'm pretty sure? We're still the top guild, but there really isn't any actual leadership position. There are some who are expecting you to show up any day now."

Now that Hans and Sylvia were dealt with, and we had some time until the demon king army could open their portals again, I did have some more spare time now. There were still midterms I had to worry about, but I was making steady progress with Konno-san in that regard.

"...I guess I'll have to rejoin them eventually."

"Heh. And I thought I'd have to lure you in somehow…"

She gave me a flirtatious little grin as she sipped the melon soda she ordered.

Let me make one thing clear about Dark+Angel.

You know that e-girl stereotype about them constantly seeking attention from guys online? Dark+Angel was the embodiment of that stereotype. She almost broke the guild apart because she flirted with a bunch of members, and they all got jealous of one another and almost fought each other. If it wasn't for me stepping in, that would have been the end of the guild.

I then took her under my wing and used her status as a gamer girl to raise the morale of the guild members.

With that said, there were still some incidents that popped up here and there. Like when I found out that Dark+Angel was selling nudes to her fans. I immediately put a stop to that, but I was sure that she went right back to her old habits after I stopped playing.

The point is that Dark+Angel wasn't the kind of girl who shied away from using her sexual powers, so to speak. And right now, she clearly found me attractive and was making every indication that she was up to have some fun.

"Say… Wanna stop by a love hotel after this?"

And there it is.

If this was me from before, I would have panicked.

But now, I could think things through with a clear head.

It wasn't like I was desperate for sex like I was before. I could go home right now and do something lewd with Aqua, Rin or Darkness. If times got desperate, there was also the dream service.

With that said, a part of me was strangely curious. I had casual sex before with Aqua, but there were a bunch of circumstances that led up to that. But what would it feel like to hook up with a girl out of nowhere?

Besides, Dark+Angel and I weren't exactly strangers. We had a lot of history, and like I said, we got along well. The fact that she was fairly promiscuous meant that I didn't have to worry about things getting weird between us, since she was likely used to having noncommittal sex like this.

And, need I repeat myself?

Satou Kazuma isn't a man who will back down when an opportunity to do lewd things with a cute girl comes my way.

"Sure, why not?"

She was surprised that I easily agreed.

"...Hah? Why are you so calm? Aren't you a virgin?"

I guess she still couldn't completely reconcile my past image to my current one.

"Do you really think a soccer star like me would still be a virgin at this point?"

Even if she would never assume that I had multiple girlfriends, it would be a miracle if I didn't have any experience whatsoever at this point.

"Yeah, my bad. I guess I still can't believe that this is really you."

After apologizing, she grinned flirtatiously once more.

"So… Love hotel, then?"

This girl…

She was in dire need of fixing.

Part 3

"Ehh… You sure you wanna pay for a place like this? We can split the bill, yanno?"

Dark+Angel said, when we entered the rather pricey love hotel. This was my first time at a love hotel, so I found myself a bit nervous. At the same time, I also felt like I hit an important milestone in life.

I really have become a normie now, huh?

"It's fine. I can afford it."

"Eh? You got a part-time job, or something?"

I actually had one, but I hadn't shown up to it in weeks. The manager probably thought I quit by now.

"Ah, well, something like that…"

She chuckled and sat on the bed. She said,

"What's your name, anyhow? I only know you by your IGN and your LINE ID. You don't know my name either, right?"

"I'm Kazuma. And you are?"

"Kuroko! Nice to meet ya."

She grinned, then gave me a seductive look.

"So… You just gonna stand there?"

It felt a bit weird, doing this kinda thing with a girl I just met in person. Then again, I found out through my previous encounters with girls that the worst thing you can do is overthink things. While she was sitting on the bed, I stood over her.

She looked up at me. She was quite smaller than me, which was strange, considering the image I had of her of a boisterous, confident girl.

I leaned down and held her cheeks, drawing in for a kiss. She smiled after I pulled away to look at her, just making that last step to see if she was fine to keep going. Every girl I had been with so far was a virgin, so it took a moment acclimating to the fact that I was with a girl who was probably more experienced than me.

There was no need to go slow. She reached up to gently pull the lapel of my shirt, pulling me into a deep kiss. I got dragged along with her pace, and soon, I was on top of her on the bed, as we were eagerly making out.

Aside from Aqua, Rin and Darkness still didn't really know how to kiss yet. It was a nice change of pace, finding someone who could match me. I felt her hands go through my hair, then down my neck, until I felt her pulling my shirt up. She moaned into my mouth as she felt my abs, then pulled away to look at them. She bit her lip.

"God, you're so hot."

I let Kuroko admire my form even more, pulling my shirt off over my head. She squirmed, a flush of arousal filling her cheeks as she eyed my muscular form.

I smiled and flexed for her a little, which made her eyes flutter.

She took off her hoodie, showing me her body in turn. I eyed her petite form, admiring her perky breasts underneath the rather pricey-looking bra she was wearing.

"Did you wear this for me?"

I said, feeling the fabric of the bra and giving her chest a squeeze.

"Well, if you really were a hot, soccer stud like in your LINE profile, I didn't want to miss the opportunity."

I laughed at her honesty. I had been a loser for most of my life, so having a girl see me as a jock was very amusing.

"Hey, lie down for me."

She said, which I obeyed, wondering what she was planning.

She took my pants off, getting me completely naked. She held my cock and started stroking me, gentle at first, but gripping me harder, making me as erect as possible. I moaned with her touch, and just when I was going to let myself relax…

She leaned down and licked the tip.

"Mnn…!"

I wasn't expecting that at all and let out a little yelp as her tongue touched my glans.

"Hm? What's with that reaction?"

She said, looking up with a brow raised, as she let her tongue circle around my tip.

"I've never… had a girl do that to me before."

"Seriously? A guy as hot as you never got head from a girl? That's a crime, I tell you."

She brought my cock back to lick under my shaft, from the root to the top. I groaned, my toes curling as I felt all these new sensations I had never felt before. I was no stranger to pleasure, but the arousal from seeing her licking my cock, and feeling her warm, wet tongue was honestly overwhelming. I already felt precum coming out.

"You're so cute, Kazuma-kun…"

She giggled, before opening her mouth and letting my cockhead slip inside.

I gasped as I felt her lips wrapping around me, then felt her gently suckling it. I thought that my sex life was already complete at this point. I mean, who could complain about all the experiences I've had until now? It turns out that I still had a lot of experimenting to do.

She maintained eye contact with me as she kept my tip in her mouth, sucking and licking it. She used her hand to jerk off the rest of my shaft, slow and steady.

"Tell me when you're gonna cum, OK? I don't like swallowing."

She said, after she popped out, only to quickly take me in again.

I nodded, doing my best not to just empty my load down her throat.

No matter how much I struggled, the pleasure was too much, and the sight of her sucking my dick was also way too exciting. It only took another minute until I was ready to blow.

"I'm gonna cum!"

She quickly backed away. I thought she'd completely move out of the way, but she closed her eyes and pointed my tip to her face.

"Hnnnngh!"

I watched in disbelief as she let me cum all over her face, giggling as she accepted my facial.

"Wow… It felt that good, huh? That's a lot."

"...I can't believe you let me do that."

I said, finding a strange thrill in seeing her marked by my seed.

"I don't like swallowing, but I don't mind facials. I find it cute how guys get all territorial and feel like they marked me when I let them do that."

She completely read my mind.

"...Sorry. It's not like I think I own you, or anything."

"It's fine. It's all just play, isn't it?"

I felt a bit silly, worrying about these kinda things when she was so casual about it.

She told me to put a condom on, while she took off the rest of her clothes. I took out a condom from a box within the nightstand, carefully putting it on. I let Kuroko handle everything on her own so far, but I didn't want to seem too passive.

I had her lay down, while I climbed on top of her. She was all smiles, clearly excited for me to take over.

Since she gave me a blowjob, I felt it was only right to return the favor. However, she seemed surprised when I put my face between her legs.

"Eh? You don't have to do that."

She said, when I stuck my tongue out and started licking her entrance. She moaned at the contact.

"...It's natural to return the favor, right?"

She glanced away while letting out a small chuckle.

"Most guys don't really return the favor, though."

"Well, those guys are stupid."

"Aw~! What a gentleman!"

"I mean, if they want more blowjobs in the future, they gotta give something in return, right?"

The admiration she had for me disappeared from her eyes.

"...So you just want me to suck you off again in the future, that's why you're doing this? Kazuma-kun… You're a lot more calculative than I thought."

"Well… You already knew that."

"That's right. You've always been like that, even during our guild days! I can't believe I let your ikemen appearance fool me!"

Before she was completely disillusioned, I started licking her. She moaned, the words she was going to say next dying in her mouth. I licked her a couple more times, before I let my tongue enter, gently lapping up her walls.

Just like how I was sensitive to the blowjob she gave me, it seems she was telling the truth and she wasn't used to this as well. She was moaning with every little move I made, getting wetter each time I licked her walls, letting the tip of my tongue caress her folds.

It didn't take long until she started shaking. I watched her as she came for me, enjoying the way she was shaking and looking at me with an affectionate gaze.

"Wow… You're good at that. You know, you're already miles better than my previous hookups. Maybe I should just stick with you instead of going to those selfish guys? You're a generous lover, after all."

How bad were those guys she was with before that she considered me of all people generous in any way?

"...Well, you should know now that I also have other girls…"

I didn't know how else to put it, so I just came out and said it.

"I already kinda assumed that. I mean, it's a given that a guy as hot as you has a couple girls around, right?"

…What kinda world did she live in that she could accept that I was with multiple girls without even batting an eye?

She was unlike any girl I had been with before, but I honestly still liked her. She was fun to be with, even back then. The sex was just something like a bonus reward.

Well, I guess that's what it means to be friends with benefits, huh?

"Or rather, Kazuma-kun, you seem like the kind of NEET who goes sex crazy when you finally turn your life around, to make up for lost time."

"...Is that really how I come across?!"

Not like I could deny it.

"Well, it's fine. I like confident guys. It doesn't matter where that confidence comes from, really."

"It should matter a little bit."

"Hey, shouldn't you put it in now? I'm waiting for you…"

She said, her eyes conveying her pure want for me.

I nodded, holding my member and carefully placing it against her entrance. We both let out our own moans as I pushed myself in, connecting ourselves. Even through the condom, I could feel how tight she was, how her folds and creases welcomed me inside.

"Wow, you feel great… Maybe we're really compatible?"

She said, once I was completely rooted inside her.

I smiled and gave her another kiss.

"Yeah, maybe. All those high-level equipment I gave you paid off, huh?"

She gave me a playful pout, knowing I was just joking.

"I knew it! All guys are the same, just using me for my body. Well, if it's you, I'm fine with that~!"

The fact that we could exchange banter like this, even during sex, made me laugh for a while.

Eventually, the laughter subsided and I started to move inside her.

She started moving along with my thrusts, perfectly timing it each time. If there was any doubt in my mind that I had a really good chemistry with this girl, it was expelled at that moment. She didn't miss a beat, meeting each charge of my member with a hip thrust of her own. Sometimes, she'd let me dictate the pace and just let me thrust inside her, squeezing her core with each thrust I gave her.

"Damn, you're good."

I said, earning a chuckle from her as I struggled to hold in my orgasm. If it wasn't for the condom, I would have shot my load way too fast again.

"I know I'm good. So don't hold back, alright? Anytime you wanna do this, just give me a call. We both live around Tokyo, anyway. I'm down to do this whenever you want."

I looked down at this girl, this girl who I've spent so many dungeon raids with, joking around on voice call. I had spent literally hundreds of hours with her, and now I was deep inside her, sharing this intimate moment.

Thinking about that made me lose control, filling up the condom with my seed.

I breathed against her chest, laying the side of my face on it. She patted my head.

"I'm gonna hold you to that promise."

I said, holding her as I caught my breath.

There was no way I wouldn't come back for more.

Part 4

"Wait, what? I should go to the dungeon by myself?"

Darkness asked, surprised when I brought it up after we finished our naginata club activities after school.

"You should clear the first floor by yourself, at least, not including the Giant Toad area."

"I'm not sure if I can do that… I've never gone to the dungeon alone."

I suppose she always had Chris helping her.

"It's not like anything on the first floor can harm you. You just need to work on your spear skills."

"B-But I can't hit anything without you disabling it!"

"Remember our strategy when we were playing Myriad Swords?"

We kept playing together as a group. Aside from teaching purposes, they were also having fun with the game, so it just became something we did as friends.

Last time, I taught Darkness about getting enemies to use their stamina and ability cooldowns on her, so the DPS members of the group could come in and safely deal their damage.

"So… I guess you want me to tire out the monsters first before I attack?"

I nodded.

"Pretty much. Once they run out of stamina, their mobility will be severely limited and you'll have a higher chance of hitting them."

More than anything, I just wanted to give Darkness some confidence. Once she got used to the feeling of her attacks landing, she'd see massive improvements.

"And what will you do, Kazuma?"

"I gotta talk to Mary."

I separated from Darkness and used the teleporter to go to the fourth floor. After a short walk, I found Mary.

"If it isn't my least despised human. Aside from my beloved, of course!"

Was that her idea of a compliment?

"Speaking of your beloved, Mary, I got some news about him."

Sena gave me some information after I told her about Mary's 'beloved'.

He claimed that he got a girlfriend, but when the police found that woman, they discovered that she was just a hostess.

She told him that this guy was a frequent customer, but that she wasn't involved in any relationships with him. Once the police questioned her more, she confessed that she slept with him a couple times, since he was one of her top spenders.

Hostesses and hosts weren't technically allowed to sell their bodies, but it was a legal gray area if they slept with clients when they weren't working. I guess he thought that they were together, since they went on a date when she was off the clock and slept with him. He didn't realize that this was a pretty common practice for people of that profession, sleeping with their top customers to keep them loyal.

"...So I killed him because he made a misunderstanding?"

She said, once I told her about what happened.

"Well… I guess that's what happened. I mean, he still broke up with you, but…"

I didn't know if I should have shared this with her at all, but I had a goal in mind.

She seemed intent on keeping his corpse, but I wanted to give the guy a proper burial. According to Sena, he had parents who didn't know where he disappeared to. I wanted to give them some peace and allow them to hold a funeral.

"So, knowing that, do you wanna give up the corpse now?"

I said, to which she looked at me distrustfully.

"...Why? I get that my beloved is handsome, but what do you wanna do with his corpse?!"

What was she implying about me?

I guess she wasn't willing to part with that skeleton yet.

"Fine, you can keep it for now."

"Still… I appreciate you for telling me that."

She seemed genuinely grateful, so I didn't pursue the matter of the corpse for now.

Mary (Tranquility Girl), Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, Mary will reluctantly go along with your commands, as her survival depends on it. She also seems to tolerate you because you remind her of her beloved, and gave her some information about her beloved's so-called girlfriend. She won't give up her beloved's corpse to you, even if you command her. Giving your nutrients to Mary will deepen your bond.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Gardening]!

[Gardening] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

When you plant produce and harvest it, consuming the produce will give you certain benefits depending on your Intuition (72). Produce will also grow 1.5x faster than usual.

After talking to Mary, I decided to do some grinding of my own on the fourth floor. I still had the rest of the archer skill list to unlock.

"Appuri-chan, what are the other archer skills I haven't unlocked yet?"

"Hmm… There's [Create Trap], [Trick Shot] and [Orb Walk]."

"...Orb walk, as in kiting?"

That was interesting, to say the least.

"Something like that!"

"Oi… Can't you be a bit more specific?"

"It's not fair because the other app-users don't get to have me helping them!"

"Who cares about those incompetent background characters?! You saw what they were like in the previous battle! They all have OP weapons, but no brain cells! They're actual NPCs!"

"...I guess you make a fair point."

She had no choice but to agree.

"Alright, for [Create Trap], you just have to make a simple trap, nothing fancy, just tie a trip rope and bait some monsters to trip on it."

"Easy enough…"

I took the rope I used for [Bind] and attached it to the wall with some ice shards I made.

Then, I used [Enemy Detection] to look for some monsters to bait.

Soon, I found some lizardmen.

"Oi… You scaled freaks, want a piece of this?"

I said, giving them the middle finger.

They looked like they were about to attack me, but when they saw my middle finger, they gave me a solemn nod, lowered their weapons and walked away.

"...Hah?"

I said, in utter confusion.

"Hmm… It seems like your Monster Tamer title activated. Also, the middle finger apparently is a peace gesture in some lizardmen tribes."

"What the hell is that?!"

I didn't expect the Monster Tamer title to backfire on me.

Also, I suppose I shouldn't be surprised that there were culture differences, even with monsters.

"It seems that the middle finger represents solidarity between tribes."

"...That's cool lore and all, but I just want my freaking skill."

"Kazuma-san, are you the type to skip cutscenes and such in games, just so you can head straight to the action?"

"This isn't a game now is it?! Besides, I don't have time to be stuck in a dungeon all day! I got other things to do!"

"What, like flirt with girls?"

"...Do you really think I'm some unrepentant playboy?"

"Do I really need to answer that? You were fine before when you were sleeping with girls you were close with, but now you even slept with some skank I don't even know!"

"Well, I am close with her, you just haven't met her before."

I probably knew Kuroko longer than the other girls, but all that history was lost on Appuri-chan.

"I still have lots of other things to do. I need to pay Dust his bonus for fighting in the war. I also need to start looking for the other generals that have already snuck in here."

I didn't forget that there were already other generals here, aside from Wiz and Vanir. They would never tell me about them, though.

Aside from that, there was also the matter of defeating the fourth floor boss.

This time, I switched out my monster tamer title temporarily to the general slayer one, just so I wouldn't make a mistake of pacifying those lizardmen.

Then, I went to the same group of lizardmen and shot one of them in the head with an ice arrow.

This time, they didn't bother with the peaceful approach and all came after me.

I ran to the rope, which I hid with a misty cloud I created using [Create Water] and [Tinder]. They followed me inside and tripped from the rope trap.

"[Rapid Shot]!"

While running away, I shot multiple arrows into the lizardmen that emerged from the mist after they avoided the trap.

As for the trick shot, I didn't really know how to do it at all.

I wasn't an archery expert, by any means.

I got the idea to close my eyes.

"[Snipe]!"

Since snipe guarantees my shot will hit, I closed my eyes while releasing the arrow.

That qualified as a trick shot, right?

After I defeated all the lizardmen…

You learned three archery skills!

[Create Trap] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You can now make traps of 'Basic' make! The enemy's intuition determines the success rate of them discovering your trap.
[Orb Walk] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You can now make evasive moments while shooting arrows! Increase your speed when retreating away from an enemy while shooting an arrow by 1.5x. You will no longer suffer an accuracy penalty while shooting with a shortbow while moving.

[Trick Shot] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp)

You are now proficient in archery trick shots! You can curve an arrow, making it change direction in midair, although the arrow will take a 40% decrease in accuracy when doing so.

Once I unlocked all the archer exclusive skills, I decided to switch back to the 'Adventurer' class.

It has been a while since I started dipping into all these other classes. Somehow, it felt good to have this familiar class back, even if I hated it at the beginning.

There was also the temptation of switching to a class like 'Merchant', but I also wanted to see what other skills I could unlock with adventurer that I haven't yet.

There was also the chance I could create my own skills again, like I did with [Magic Archery] and [Combo].

Besides, it wasn't like I needed more money now, so switching to Merchant could wait.

There was also the matter of my 10 unspent skill points.

I looked at the archer skills I unlocked, but there wasn't really anything that I needed to immediately upgrade. Most of them functioned well enough at the base level.

For example, the accuracy decrease in [Trick Shot] didn't really affect me since I had [Snipe].

So, I just looked at the other skills I learned.

"...I guess [Intermediate Magic] will be one of them."

It was the same logic I used when I maxed out [Elementary Magic]. Magic was way too useful.

A lot of my other skills also ended up making use of magic, anyway, so this was the most efficient upgrade.

What improved was that the damage of all the spells increased from 15 + magic power modifier to 20 + mods. That gave me a total of 27 damage with each spell.

Aside from that, the mana cost went down from 15 to 10, and the ranges and AoE of the spells increased. Freeze Gust's slowed and frozen durations also increased.

Overall, it was a big power spike for me, probably the biggest I've had when it comes to upgrading a skill.

Mages always grow exponentially, after all.

As for the remaining 5 skill points, I put 3 of them into [Medium Armor], since Darkness's bond reward already put it at rank 2. Doing so gave me an additional +4 to my armor score, giving me +16 physical reduction in total.

At this point, I could just let enemies hit me in the lower floors without even suffering a single hit point of damage.

For my last 2 skill points, I decided to upgrade [Ice Magic Increase] to rank 4, since it was already at rank 2 thanks to Wiz's bond reward.

The rank up gave me +2 damage to ice magic, and increased crowd control duration of ice spells like [Freeze Gust] by an extra 2 seconds.

With that, I got all that I came for in the dungeon and teleported back to the first floor to check up on Darkness.

I found her walking to the entrance as well. She had a conflicted look on her face.

"So? How'd it go?"

I asked, to which she sighed.

"...I'd say my success rate was about 20%."

"Oh! That's much higher than I thought it'd be!"

"How bad is your impression of me!"

I wasn't really meaning to insult her, but I guess it did seem condescending.
I blushed and gave her a kiss, which made her blush as well.

"Uh… Good job, Darkness."

"T-Thanks…"

Damn it! This whole opening yourself up to others is never gonna get easier, is it?!

Part 5

Darkness and I were on our way home from the dungeon, when we saw Mitsurugi talking to someone.

This person he was talking to was a blonde foreigner wearing a nun habit.

"...So you're a follower of Aqua-sama!"

He said, smiling delightfully at this foreigner.

"Yes, yes! To think that the all-powerful, majestic, ultra lovely Aqua-sama also has followers in this world! Or rather, I should say, as expected of Aqua-sama!"

With the way this nun was talking… She was from the other world, right?

Certainly, you wouldn't see a blonde nun walking around in Tokyo, at least, it wasn't a common sight.

She was also talking about Aqua.

The nun went on to say,

"By the way, Kyouya-kun, are you also like me?"

"Like you…? Ah, well, I guess I'm a fan of Aqua-sama as well."

That was an understatement.

"I knew it… And you also like the same thing as me, huh?"

"Well… I guess I do… But it's kind of impossible to pursue it."

I felt kinda bad, since he was most certainly talking about his lingering feelings for Aqua, which he had to give up on.

"I knew it! So, you're a lolicon as well, huh?"

"...Eh?"

"I know how society looks down on us, and how it feels impossible to express your love for lolis these days, but stay strong, my comrade!"

"What are you saying?!"

Just as Mitsurugi was about to cover this woman's mouth, he saw us watching him.

"...We'll be on our way now, Mitsurugi-san."

Darkness said, ducking her head and walking past him.

I followed after her.

"...Take your time, Mitsurugi."

"Hold on! I don't know what this woman is going on about!"

"Oi… That's rather cold, isn't it? I told you my name is Cecily."

The blonde nun who was a self-declared lolicon said, pouting at Mitsurugi.

Cecily followed Mitsurugi's gaze and turned to me. I felt a shiver down my spine and kept walking away from them.

But she was unexpectedly fast and caught up to me, gripping my shoulder.

"Oh! I sense a fellow lolicon in you as well!"

What metric was she going with to decide that?

Rather, I was called a lolicon and such before, with that horrible name 'Lolima', but how in the world was Mitsurugi a lolicon?

Or maybe she was the kind of crazy woman who just imposes her twisted views on others.

"...I don't know what you're talking about, miss. Oi, Darkness, where are you going?"

I noticed that Darkness was walking away from me without looking back.

This traitor ditched me!

I turned to Cecily, trying to escape her grasp.

"Um… I'm not a lolicon or whatever, so please let me go."

"Nonsense! There's no need to hide it! Declare your love for lolis with all your might! Excuse me, everybody! These two men are here to meet a 13 year old girl!"

This crazy bitch!

Mitsurugi and I immediately grabbed her and pulled her to the next alleyway we could find.

"Oi, Mitsurugi! Who the hell is this woman?!"

"I don't know! She said she was from the other world and a follower of Aqua-sama, so I thought she was a sane, rational person!"

"...The fact that she introduced herself like that should have already clued you in!"

I had never met an Aqua follower before, but I couldn't imagine that there was anyone sane among the followers of Aqua, of all people.

"Oh, my… Two handsome young men took me to a dark alleyway… Are we gonna have some fun now?"

"...I thought you said you're a lolicon?"

"Just because you like sweets, it doesn't mean you can eat parfaits all day, right? Sometimes… You need some meat…"

She said, licking her lips as she looked at Mitsurugi in particular.

"...Mitsurugi. You found her. You deal with her."

"Now, just hold on a minute!"

Mitsurugi pulled me back before I could escape.

"Hold on, as the one who won over Aqua-sama's heart, you should be the one to deal with her follower, right?"

"...What kind of stupid logic is that? It's like saying that if you date an idol, you have to deal with their stupid fans."

"Well, you do, that comes with the territory!"

I just realized that I used a terrible analogy.

"...Fine. Cecily-san, you said you came from the other world… How did you get here? Through a portal?"

She smiled and placed a hand on her waist.

"Heh… I was harassing an Eris-cult member as usual. Just as I was pelting them with tokoroten slime, this portal appeared in front of me and I accidentally ran inside."

Dust and the succubi all ended up in this world after the demon king army started messing around with portals. The fact that the demon king army managed to open a bunch of portals at once probably caused more random tears within the boundary of the other world.

As for what to do with Cecily…

"It'll be a disaster if we bring her home, so for now I'll just book a hotel for her to stay in."

I said, making Mitsurugi sigh in relief that I actually had a plan.

"Oh? Going to a hotel already? You sure move fast! But I'm more interested in Kyouya-kun, though~! Is he gonna join us?"

Yeah, this girl was way too crazy.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, JOJOBRN, kinggamerlite29 and 313 others
BoringBone
Dec 2, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 34: A Surprise Visitor For This Succubus Shop!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Dec 9, 2024
Add bookmark
#800
Chapter 34: A Surprise Visitor For This Succubus Shop!

Part 1

"Oh! This is a rather nice place, isn't it?"

Cecily said, as we entered the hotel room.

"So… This is the otherworlder?"

Sena said, whispering to me as we observed Cecily.

"Yeah. I think the boundary is getting weaker. We might get even more otherworlders coming here in the future."

"...That's scary to think about."

If they were all weirdos like Dust and Cecily, we'd have a big crisis on our hands.

"So, is this gonna be a swapping kind of situation?"

Cecily said, as she looked at me, Mitsurugi and Sena.

"...Hah? What do you mean?"

"I mean, you brought that girl here to join us in an orgy, right?"

"What is she saying?"

Sena said, not understanding the language Cecily was saying, because she wasn't an app user.

"...She's saying that she's happy to cooperate with the authorities."

"Oh. That would be much appreciated."

Mitsurugi gave me the stink eye once I started lying, but he couldn't bring himself to correct me, for Sena's sake.

"We'll keep an eye on her for now. I will also appreciate it if Kazuma-san helps us with her."

"What about Mitsurugi?"

"What about me?"

He didn't seem amused that I was volunteering him.

"She seems to like you better. Plus, you're more charismatic than me. You'd make a better ambassador to the otherworlders."

"You're just saying that so you don't have to do extra work, Satou."

Well, obviously.

"By the way, Cecily, what do you know about the Demon King's activities in the other world?"

Since we were already paying for her living expenses, I felt like she could at least make herself useful with some information.

"The hated Demon King! He's done many cruel, despicable things to us ever since he took over!"

My eyes softened when I heard that.

"I see… If you're comfortable, can you tell me what he did?"

"The Axis cult is no longer allowed to harass the Eris cult! One of our Arch-Priests has also been arrested for sexual assault! It's horrible! So what if he really did assault that one girl?! She was basically asking for it by wearing that slutty outfit!"

"What's so horrible about that?! I feel like I should thank the Demon King for his services!"

Was the Demon King really the bad guy here? It seems like Aqua's followers were full of degenerates.

"...Anything else? Tell me about the political situation going on there."

"Hah? Why would I care about politics?"

This girl is useless!

"Um, Cecily-san? Do you mind answering Satou's questions? He is paying for your room. Not to mention all that wine you ordered from room service earlier."

Despite arguing about being given the role to handle her, Mitsurugi still did his job of trying to negotiate with her.

"Well~! Since the handsome Mitsurugi-kun asked me, very well~! Basically, the Demon King is now residing in the castle of Belzerg. He kicked out the surviving princess of royal family and is now living there."

"And what happened to that princess?"

"Well, the princess is leading a resistance group against the Demon King, but it's kind of hard, since a lot of the people have actually started to support the Demon King."

Sena blinked at that revelation, when I translated it for her.

"How can that be? Why would the people side with the Demon King?"

"He overturned the power structure, so that the former nobles have been overthrown. There were a lot of corrupt nobles in Belzerg, so a fair bit of the common folk actually welcomed the Demon King with open arms. They're heathens, I tell you! Heathens!"

In the back of my mind, I was thinking, again, that I couldn't really see the Demon King as the bad guy in this scenario.

Still, he was currently on his way to try and rule over us, so I couldn't exactly approve of all his actions.

"And this princess… Is there anything you can tell us about her?"

I asked, to which Cecily smirked, licking her lips.

"In terms of lolis, I'd say she's S+ tier."

What was that supposed to mean?"

"What about the Demon King himself?"

Mitsurugi said, bringing up a good question.

"All demons must die! That's what the goddess Aqua has decreed! So as the king of such filthy existences, the Demon King must be the first to face Aqua-sama's divine wrath!"

"Give us something more useful! You want the Demon King to die, right?! Then give us information on him that will help us defeat him!"

Mitsurugi pulled me back when I was starting to lose my patience.

"Don't mind him and keep going, Cecily-san!"

Sena nodded approvingly.

"Doing the good cop, bad cop routine, I see. Well done."

I wasn't doing it on purpose. This girl was just making me lose my patience.

"Hah… The Demon King… Well, it's kind of odd. The Demon King hasn't really done much in the past, but a couple years ago, he just suddenly became active."

"Oh? Did something happen?"

"Not sure? There has always been a war between humanity and the demons, but there are rare moments when both sides have a peace conference. The Axis cult did all they could to sabotage such a peace talk, rest assured! After all, we don't want to give the demons any semblance of peace!"

Was Aqua's order really the true bad guys in all of this? I am starting to see it now.

Even Mitsurugi, who was the number one Aqua fan, was giving Cecily a forced smile, as he was restraining himself from judging her.

"And how did the peace talks go?"

He said, while still forcing himself to smile.

"The Demon King and his generals met with the royal family and the nobles of Belzerg. To our horror, the talks were actually going well. They were even exchanging gifts with one another…"

"That's good, isn't it?"

"No, like I said, it's the worst possible outcome!"

Mitsurugi held me back before I could start yelling at her again, he said,

"So, if the peace talks were truly going well, why did the war happen?"

"Fufu… that was when we made our move! All of the Axis-cult faithful stormed the peace party and assaulted the demons! That sure taught them not to mess with humanity!"

"You freaking idiot!"

"Owww! What are you doing?!"

Mitsurugi didn't even hold me back as I leapt towards Cecily and started grinding my knuckles on her head.

Part 2

"Aqua! What the hell is wrong with your followers?!"

When Mitsurugi and I returned home, we confronted Aqua, whose followers were to blame for all of this.

"Yes… I do have to admit that they have crossed the line…"

Even Mitsurugi had no choice but to criticize Aqua.

Aqua was lazing around on the sofa, wine bottle in hand.

"Hah? What are you two on about?"

I snatched the wine bottle away from her.

"One of your followers ended up in this world! She confessed to everything, how your stupid order ruined the peace talks between humanity and demonkind!"

"Ohhh, yeah, that was great, wasn't it? A defining moment for all of mankind!"

"It's all your fault! You and your braindead followers!"

"How dare you say that about me and my adorable followers?! Besides, where is this follower you mentioned?"

"She is currently on house arrest after she admitted to her crimes!"

"Hahhh?! And what crimes are those?!"

"Isn't it obvious?! If it wasn't for her and those religious nuts, then we wouldn't have had the demon king army trying to subjugate all of humanity! It was your followers' fault that the Demon King started to hate humanity so much!"

Aqua stood up, face flushed with anger.

"Where's the proof?! There could have been lots of things that made the Demon King step up the war efforts! It's not fair to blame everything on my precious followers!"

"She said that the Demon King didn't act so aggressively until after the peace talks that your order sabotaged! What else could it be?!"

Aqua glanced away, unable to meet my eyes.

"...Kazuma, there's so much you don't understand about that world, so it's not fair that you're judging an entire group of people just because of something you heard!"

"But that testimony came from someone in that same group."

"...One person doesn't represent an entire group of people!"

She sure was good at talking her way out of things.

"Fine… It's not like we can do anything at this point. More importantly, it seems that there are more portals and tears in reality opening between our world and theirs."

I said, after managing to calm down.

"Isn't that a good thing? That means that more of my cute followers can make their way here!"

Mitsurugi and I both shuddered in fear at the same time.

"That… Doesn't sound good."

Mitsurugi said, thinking of the worst case scenario.

"Is there a way we can close those portals?"

I said, also wanting to avoid such a scenario from happening.

"Not really? I mean, if we could just prevent otherworlders from coming in, we would have just done that from the start, instead of making the dungeon system."

I couldn't really argue with that.

"Hm… Well, it's also a possibility that reinforcements from that world could come here. That might help us."

Mitsurugi said, bringing up a good point.

Cecily did mention that there was a resistance group led by the princess of Belzerg.

Still, that felt more like a small positive compared to everything else that could go wrong.

…

…

I tapped Sena's arm as she got me in a choke hold.

This has become a daily routine for us.

I also wanted to relieve some stress after I confronted Aqua about her follower's stupid actions.

"I give! I give!"

She immediately released me, letting me fall on the mat.

She was training me in submission skills next. I was already bad at stand-up combat, but I was even worse when it came to wrestling.

"Good work, Kazuma-san."

"Even though you were kicking my ass the whole time?"

"Y-You should properly treasure the learning experience!"

I couldn't really complain, since I also told Darkness the same thing when she struggled with her own training.

I drank some water while leaning against the wall. Sena also hydrated herself.

"Kazuma-san, pssst! Look here, look here!"

I glanced at my phone, hearing Appuri-chan calling out to me.

"You have learned a new skill, [Unarmed Combat]!"

[Unarmed Combat] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are proficient in unarmed combat! You gain 10% melee attack accuracy when using unarmed combat techniques.

Now that I had the adventurer class back, I was learning all sorts of varied skills again that weren't exclusive to one class.

"Hoshaaa!"

I yelled, as I executed a high kick that I couldn't before.

"Ohhh! What happened, Kazuma-san?! You suddenly improved!"

"Heh… Maybe I'm a genius?"

"So it seems!"

"Not gonna tell her that you learned a skill, huh?"

It was a good thing Sena couldn't hear Appuri-chan.

"Perhaps now, I have a chance against Sena?"

"Let's go for another spar, then!"

I proceeded to get my ass kicked.

I suppose I couldn't beat a trained fighter with years of experience with a rank 1 skill I just learned.

"Well, I think we've earned ourselves a break, haven't we?"

Sena said, after she proceeded to kick my ass.

"Do you want something to eat? Like, a late night snack?"

I said, after I wiped my face with a towel.

"Hmm… I might have to take you up on that. We had quite a workout, after all."

We went to the kitchen and I used whatever was leftover in the fridge to make some fried rice.

With my [Cooking] skill, it turned out quite nice.

"Hm? I smell something good, senpai. Got room for one more?"

"Something smells good here…"

"Is everyone hanging out?"

The smell of the fried rice lured in Rin, Megumin and Yunyun.

I ended up having to cook enough for everyone.

Part 3

After I satisfied my appetite, I took a bath and prepared to go to sleep.

My eyes were getting heavy, when I heard my window opening.

My body moving instinctively, I lunged for the intruder, using my newly learned submission skills to grab the target and pin them to the bed.

As I grabbed the intruder's wrist back and pushed their face down on the bed, I noticed the intruder had silver hair and a feminine figure.

"Not this again! Assistant-kun, it's me, it's me!"

It ended up being Chris.

"...I actually got scared this time."

I said, releasing her.

"So you admit all those other times were unnecessary, huh?"

"...How wily of you. You managed to make me admit that."

"You admitted it yourself. And it was pretty obvious without you having to admit anything."

She rubbed her hand where I gripped it. I said,

"What are you sneaking around for? We already invited you to come live here."

"...Well, I didn't want the others to know about this. I didn't want to make them panic."

She sounded serious, so I motioned for her to keep going.

"I think there are app-users who have betrayed us and switched sides."

"Eh?"

I didn't expect to hear that at all.

After all, the app-users were pretty incompetent, but they still fought in the battle against the Demon King army. None of them seemed like the type who would turn tail.

Besides…

"I don't get it. Three of the Demon King generals are dead. We have the advantage so far. What's the point of them siding with the demons? And how did Big Boss even learn about this?"

"...I don't understand their reasoning, but as for how I know, I was tracking one of them, seeing if I could retrieve an artifact from the app-user."

She was still trying to obey Eris-sama's orders, huh? What a diligent girl. She went on,

"While I was tracking them, I saw them all gathering in a cemetery at night. I overheard a figure in a cloak giving them orders to sabotage the other app-users! The cloaked figure was also asking for information about you!"

"And how do you know this cloaked figure is part of the demon king army?"

"Because they had a dark energy about them, as well as the smell of demons…"

I didn't know how she was able to sense such things.

I mean, Aqua said she could sniff out demons and undead with her nose, but that was because she was a goddess.

"I see. Then, I guess we'll need to find out what these guys are doing."

"Precisely."

"Alright, I'm gonna kill myself, then."

"Of course… Wait, what?! What do you mean?!"

Her whole demeanor changed as soon as she processed my words.

"If I die, then I can go to Eris-sama's realm and use her spiritual remote to view this world and find out what those guys are up to. They could be our final clue to figuring out where the rest of the Demon King generals are."

"...I-I doubt Eris-sama will approve of that plan! Rather, why do you think she'll let you use this remote so easily?!"

"Well, she let me use the remote last time. You know what, I think she has a bit of a crush on me."

She blushed, eyes going wide open.

"Hah?! What makes you say that?!"

"Well, she made so many exceptions for me and kept giving me this flirty little wink. I doubt Eris-sama is slutty enough to just give me a wink like that, so she must be into me, huh?"

"T-That… Eris-sama gives Darkness and I those winks, too! I think she's just a friendly person!"

"Or she swings both ways."

"You…!"

Perhaps because I was insulting her boss, Chris got mad at me and grabbed my collar.

"...Listen, I don't know what exceptions Eris-sama gave you last time, but I doubt it's something she can keep doing for you. After all, my mission would be over by now if she gave me access to that spirit remote to find all the artifacts, right?"

"Well, I guess that's true. I can put off the whole dying thing, then."

She sighed in relief.

"But what are we supposed to do about these guys?"

"...Well, I know it's not as easy as viewing things from heaven, but we could patiently stake out the cemetery they gathered in last time."

I gave her a blank stare.

"If it was that simple, then you would have just kept surveilling them. I take it they don't really have a proper schedule, and you don't even know if or when they'll appear in the cemetery again, right?"

She averted her gaze.

Your 'Intuition' increased by +1!

So, I was right.

"Hmm… Well, I suppose we can make use of the resources available to us."

"And that is…?"

I took out my phone and pointed at the camera.

"We'll have the government bug the place, of course."

Part 4

"...This kind of feels wrong."

Chris said, when we watched Sena leading the government agents to set up hidden cameras and audio equipment around the cemetery.

"It's all to save the world."

"This is still a public cemetery! People have the right to mourn the dead without being spied on!"

"People also have the right to live their lives without having demons invading them. This is an important step to prevent that."

"...I hate how you're so convincing!"

"By the way, Big Boss, since you were following one of the app-users, you must know where they are now, right?"

She slowly nodded her head.

"Yes, I'm not sure how to track the others, but if it's just this one app-user, I know where they are."

"Then, I guess we can go ahead and spy on him, too."

"Ah, I was going to ask assistant-kun to help me with that later, but…"

She was fidgeting nervously.

"But what?"

"Well, I thought you'd ask for something ridiculous in exchange."

Ah, she was talking about last time.

"Hoh… So that's been stuck in your mind all this time, huh, big boss?"

"How could it not be?! After you made me do something like that?!"

"That's pretty mild in terms of play, you know? Rather, I'm surprised that someone who walks around with such a revealing outfit would make a big deal out of something a bit lewd…"

I said, pointedly staring at her exposed stomach and thighs.

She blushed and covered them up.

"What I'm wearing is irrelevant! Anyway, are you helping me or not?!"

I nodded, deciding to give her a freebie this time.

"Sure. I'm in a good mood after teasing Big Boss, anyway."

"You sure are a piece of work, Assistant-kun…"

Since Sena and her crew had the situation handled, I followed Chris to where this app-user lived.

It turned out that they lived in a rather wealthy part of Tokyo, although it wasn't to the point of luxurious extravagance, like our mansion.

I looked at the two-story house of a well-to-do family.

Chris and I were hiding behind some bushes, using [Lurk] to erase our presence.

"So… What do you know about this app-user?"

"His name is Inoue Eiji. His artifact is a longbow that has the power to freeze its targets."

"This should be easy, right? We just gotta steal his phone and you can use your rank 5 [Steal] to take his artifact."

"...If it was that easy, I would have just done this myself, but he used an item from the dungeon that set up a personal ward around himself. Skills like [Steal] won't work on him directly. We're gonna have to steal his phone the old fashioned way. He also has the 'Ranger' class, so he will notice if we try to sneak in."

"I guess we're just gonna have to fool him into letting us come into his house."

"...But what about the heist?"

Chris said, obviously looking forward to the heist.

"The moment we try to sneak inside, he's bound to notice, right?"

"That's true…"

"And so, I have an idea."

When Chris saw the scheming look on my face, she retreated from me.

"...I have a feeling I'll hate this idea."

She said, not trusting me at all.

…

…

Chris knocked on the door, a big, awkward smile on her face.

A minute later, the app-user, Inoue, answered the door.

"...? What is it? I'm not expecting any guests."

He was around my age, maybe a year or two older. He was a normal-looking guy who was wearing joggers and a white t-shirt.

Still smiling awkwardly, Chris said,

"You're Inoue-sama, right? I'm such a big fan of yours!"

I smiled at him, batting my eyes, then said,

"I'm such a big fan, too! You were so cool during the battle against Sylvia and Hans!"

According to Chris, he fought in the battle as well. He probably didn't do much, though, since I didn't remember him at all.

Still, he grinned, believing us once we started to stroke his ego.

"Well, I just did the best I could…"

I nodded and said,

"We'd like to pick your brain, so we know how to handle future battles. But we realize that it's pretty late, so…"

"No, no, it's fine. I'm always glad to talk to my fans…"

Why was he talking like he had other fans?

As for why he was so eager to invite us in…

I was using the [Disguise] skill and dressed myself up as a girl.

Even if he had high intuition, my cunning score was also insanely high.

It was high enough to fool Vanir, after all.

Adding to that, I was also using [Versatile Entertainer] to change my voice. I used Lia's voice as a reference, considering how she was an idol who had lots of fans.

He let us in because he thought that two groupies came to look for him.

It was a ridiculous setting, but I knew from experience that most of the app-users were delusional like that. This guy wasn't any different.

The whole time when we were climbing up the stairs to head to his room, Chris was giving me a look of disbelief.

Her eyes seemed to say, 'You really stoop to all kinds of lows, huh?'.

When it comes to having shame, there is no room for that when it comes to combat.

It doesn't matter what you do to win, as long as you end up winning.

"Well, ladies, here is my room…"

"Oh, wow~! What a splendid room!"

I said, giving him an empty compliment as I saw the tissue box and lotion right beside his PC. Did he think we wouldn't know what that was for? There was also something that looked suspiciously like an ero-magazine sticking out from under his bed. He walked over and tried to subtly kick it in with his foot.

"So, how did you girls know where I lived?"

He said, obviously having some questions since we showed up out of nowhere. He didn't seem worried, though. I guess he was that confident in his skills.

"Ah, well, we were so curious about you after the battle, so we asked around!"

"Aw, that's so cute! What are your names, by the way?"

"I'm Kazuko! This is my friend, Kurisu!"

Chris gave him a forced, twitching smile.

"H-Hey…"

I elbowed her, telling her to be more enthusiastic. She tried to widen her smile, but she couldn't make herself do it.

…Even though she was the real girl, was she really going to make me do everything?

I internally sighed and bent down a little, giving Inoue the deadly upturned gaze look.

That immediately got his attention. As a guy, I knew how effective that look was.

"So, like, we don't really know how to get past the Giant Toad area on the first floor… Can you give us advice and stuff?"

"Sure! I'd love to explain!"

He soon got carried away explaining stuff to me, but I noticed that his advice was really off.

"So, Giant Toads are really weak to physical damage, so I suggest that you overpower it with your cheat weapon."

Ah, I get it.

Since this guy had an OP artifact, he didn't need to think about the strengths and weaknesses of monsters.

Without an artifact, Giant Toads were incredibly resistant to ordinary weapons. Their weakness was magic, or distracting them while they were in the middle of eating something else, which usually ended up being my comrades.

This guy probably just one-shot the toads and moved on to the next floor.

"Wow, you're so wise~!"

Still, I made sure to give him a compliment.

I also glanced at Chris, telling her to contribute.

"Um… Yeah, you're so cool…"

How bad was this girl at flirting?

We repeated this for a while, with me doing my best to compensate for Chris's lackluster acting. Not like Inoue noticed. He was too engrossed in all the fake compliments we were giving him.

Eventually, I said…

"So, like, can we exchange LINE IDs? I totally wanna talk to you more later~!"

I said, giving him a little wink.

"Sure thing, Kazuko-chan! Ah, my phone should be here…"

This was way too easy.

He handed me his phone, and I put in the fake account I already set up beforehand. I handed the phone to Chris, as well.

While she was using [Steal], I made sure to distract Inoue.

"Wow, you're so buff~!"

"Heh… I know, right? Wanna feel my biceps?"

Thankfully, Chris gave me the signal before I had to do that.

"Oh, maybe another time! It's getting late, so Kurisu and I gotta go now!"

"Ehh… I don't mind you girls staying longer, though!"

How more obvious could this guy be?

"Maybe some other time~! You have our contact info, after all~!"

They were both dummy accounts, though.

Trying to hide his obvious disappointment, Inoue led us outside. Chris and I waved goodbye until we were out of sight.

"Did you get it?"

I said, taking my wig off and enjoying the cool air against my real hair.

"Yeah… But Assistant-kun, you were way too good at that…"

She said, giving me a blank stare.

"Hah? Well, it's not like you were doing your job, so I had to do everything."

"H-How could I just start flirting with someone I don't like?!"

This girl's purity and innocence always managed to surprise me.

Your bond with Chris has deepened!

Chris (Silver-haired Thief), Bond Rank: 5

At Rank 5, Chris views you as a total pervert! She also seems to misunderstand you now and thinks that you have a crossdressing fetish. Regardless, you continue to show your reliable side to her. She will look forward to more heists in the future!

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Espionage]!

[Espionage] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are proficient in espionage! You can read lips and eavesdrop on conversations, the success of which is determined by your Intuition (73).

Part 5

It was getting late, but I still had something I wanted to take care of, while I was already out at night.

If it was at this time, surely that guy would be in that place.

Sure enough, I found Dust in the Succubus Shop.

"...Can I get some service here or what?!"

Only to find him complaining as he sat on a table, waiting for a succubus to attend to him.

However, they all seemed to be busy, fussing over something as they gathered in a circle.

I just assumed it was Vanir again, so I ignored it and went to Dust.

"Ohh! Kazuma! I thought you were avoiding me because you didn't wanna pay me!"

What did he think of me? I wasn't a debt dodger like him.

"Here, your bonus for performing relatively well in the battle."

"...Relatively… Why can't you just say that I performed well?"

He had the nerve to say that after getting absorbed by Sylvia so easily?

I gave him a bonus of 100,000 Yen.

"Ohhhh?! This is enough to pay off my debt for the month with the yakuza!"

What did he mean for the month? How much money did this bum owe?

Actually, I didn't want to know that.

"Geez, Kazuma, you sure are a pal!"

He wrapped his arm around me.

"If you want more cash, then continue our original deal of getting more info about the Demon King army for me."

Early on in our friendship, if you can call it that, I tasked Dust to find information about Beldia and to prevent other app-users from getting harmed by him.

I wasn't sure if Dust actually did that, but he certainly didn't give me any info.

This time, I offered him the same terms, although I didn't have high hopes.

"Ah, well I did notice something kind of weird… But it had more to do with the app-users than the Demon King army."

That caught my attention.

"What happened?"

"Well, I was talking to some of the regulars at the Succubus Shop. I was asking them which succubus worker was the hottest, and right when they were about to respond, they just suddenly got this cloudy look in their eyes and started walking away from me mid-conversation. When I asked them where they were going, they said that they were 'Going to Serena-sama'."

"Did they mention where this 'Serena-sama' was?"

"I dunno. I didn't ask them."

This guy was useless.

Well, I couldn't really say that, since he provided a name.

I wasn't really sure if the cemetery incident was the same as this, but this was something to keep in mind.

I made sure to memorize that name, since it might come up again in the future.

While I was thinking, he held out his hand. I sighed and gave him a bonus 10,000 Yen for the information.

Your bond with Dust has deepened!

Dust (Blond Delinquent), Bond Rank: 5

At Rank 5, Dust views you as a man who honors his word and pays him what he's owed. He will look for more information about the Demon King army for you, as long as you continue to pay him well. Be careful about being seen with him in public, as he owes the yakuza a fair bit of debt, and is known as a perverted pest around the city.

Bond Reward: [Spear] rank-up

[Spear] Skill Rank: 3, Passive Skill

You are proficient in using spears. You gain +30% weapon accuracy with attacks using spears and +2 to damage using spears.

"Ahhh… When are these succubi gonna finish fawning over that loli?"

"Eh, loli?"

"Oh, that got you interested?"

Why did people keep assuming I was a lolicon?

"...I thought it was that masked guy Vanir again."

"Nah. A princess from my original world slipped through a portal, apparently. They took her in and can't leave her alone now. Geez, why didn't I get this kind of treatment, when I ended up in this world?"

Did I even need to answer that?

As for that princess, I had a feeling this was that same princess that Cecily talked about.

When I went over to the pack of succubi, I saw Rorisa and the Receptionist Succubus fawning over a young blonde girl eating a plate of pancakes.

"Kyaa~! She's so cute when she's nibbling on her food!"

"I don't have maternal instincts since I can't reproduce, but what is this desire to protect her?!"

"Quick, feed her some candy, too!"

This girl was getting quite the royal treatment, even in this world.

"Ahem… You're the Princess of Belzerg, right?"

Hearing her title being called, the young girl turned her blue eyes to me, while she was chewing on her pancakes. After she finished chewing, she wiped her mouth with a napkin, then she gestured for Rorisa to come over to her side. She whispered in Rorisa's ear.

Rorisa blushed and said,

"Ehh?! Um, Kazuma-san isn't like that… He can be trusted…"

What was this loli princess saying about me?

I used my newly learned [Espionage] skill to listen in on them.

"Are you sure? He seems like the kind of man that Claire and Rain warned me about…"

"Um… He's a regular customer of this establishment, so I can attest to his character!"

"...Isn't this place a brothel? And he's a regular customer?"

"It's not exactly a brothel… We just give lewd dreams to our customers!"

Rorisa wasn't exactly helping my case here.

I coughed into my hand and bowed to the princess.

"...Pardon the late introduction, your highness. I am Captain Satou Kazuma. I represent this nation of Japan. It is a pleasure to meet you."

She straightened her posture once I stated my title. Then, she finally spoke directly to me.

"...I am Princess Iris Stylish-Sword Belzerg. As you can see, I have found myself in this world. Thankfully, these girls were kind enough to shelter me and feed me."

I could tell that she was trying to come off as mature as possible, but her childish voice kind of diminished any sense of authority she was trying to project.

"Well, first of all, can you tell me how you ended up here, Princess Iris?"

She nodded, then said,

"...I was leading the resistance forces in a skirmish, but just as I was about to attack a demon, a portal appeared in front of me. Then, I appeared in this world, in front of this establishment. The succubi here were kind enough to explain everything to me and take care of me."

It was a good thing she ended up in such a friendly place.

"I see. I have a lot of questions for you, but it would be better if you tell your story to my comrades as well. Please come with me."

She stared at me for a while, before whispering in Rorisa's ear again.

"Um, like I said, he's not the type to go after young girls like you, Princess Iris…"

"B-But he seems like the type. I'm scared!"

…What happened to her confident mannerisms?

Part 6

Princess Iris thanked the succubi once more for helping her out.

"You can come by anytime you want, princess~!"

They also had her promise to come back.

After the succubi resumed their business, to the relief of the patrons, I had Princess Iris follow me to the mansion.

On the way there…

"...?! What are those horseless carriages?!"

She was surprised to see a car for the first time.

When I explained to her what cars were, she said,

"I see… What a fascinating world… Ooh, what's that!"

She got starry eyed as she passed by a market and she saw a taiyaki stand.

"It's like a pastry with a sweet filling inside. Do you want some?"

"A-Am I allowed? Claire wouldn't let me have street food back in my world…"

As expected of a princess, she had quite the strict upbringing.

I smiled and took out my wallet.

"Let onii-chan here get it for you."

When I think about it, wasn't this my chance?

I asked my parents before to divorce, so I could have a non-blood related sister.

As a result, they beat me up for it.

But now, it should be different after I maxxed out my bond with them.

"...! So good!"

Iris had nothing but praises for the red-bean filling taiyaki I got for her.

"If you want anything, make sure to tell your onii-chan here…"

She blushed, hiding half of her face with the taiyaki.

"T-Then… I'll rely on you, o-onii-chan…"

"..."

"Um… onii-chan… Are you OK?"

She said that so perfectly that I almost died on the spot from the cuteness.

"Yosh! How about we have you try crepe next?"

"Um… I thought I was supposed to meet the others…"

I ended up getting carried away and bought her a bunch of things.

…

…

Everyone gathered in the dining room after I brought my new little sister, Iris, home.

Mitsurugi looked at her, then said,

"...Was Cecily-san right about you, Satou?"

What is this guy on about?

"I already told you. She's the princess that Cecily was talking about."

"...We can still return her to her family. It's not too late."

Thankfully, Iris spoke up before I was permanently regarded as a lolicon.

"I am indeed Princess Iris Stylish-Sword Belzerg. I am the last remaining member of the Belzerg family and current leader of the resistance…"

"...I have to admit, that's a pretty cool backstory. Your name is pretty cool, too."

Megumin nodded her head, her chuunibyou tastes ignited when she heard Iris's name and circumstances.

Darkness gave Iris a sympathetic look and said,

"You've had quite a rough time so far. Please do not worry, you are in good hands now."

Iris looked at her, namely, Darkness's hair and eyes.

"Those features… Are you part of the nobility?"

Darkness blinked and tilted her head.

"Um… Not really? I'm just a normal girl from England…"

Maybe nobles and royalty in Iris's world normally had blonde hair and blue eyes.

"You say you're normal, but I know you're a rich girl…"

I said, to which Darkness averted her eyes.

"Kazuma, you say that, but you're probably richer than my family now."

She had a point there.

Rin smiled at Iris and said,

"So, do you have any interesting stories from the other world?!"

As expected, Rin was eager to hear about stories.

Sena sighed and said,

"Before that, I'm sure that Princess Iris here has some vital information about the Demon King army, considering how she was leading the resistance all this time."

Iris nodded to Sena.

"Of course. I can give you all the information you need."

"First of all, what is their current state now?"

"...Right now, they have lost all of their generals except for two. That is why we decided to make a move on them. I ended up stepping into a portal, though."

It was unfortunate that Iris ended up in our world just when the resistance felt like they had an advantage.

"Hmm… I suppose it's a blessing in disguise, then, that the Demon King army spread their forces too thin trying to invade our world."

Darkness said, when she heard that there were only two generals left.

"Indeed… After reclaiming Belzerg, we were hoping to take down the Demon King, which will surely destroy the delicate balance of power among the other Demon Kings all over the world."

"Wait, there are multiple Demon Kings?!"

I said, wanting to believe that I misheard that.

Unfortunately, she just nodded.

"Yes, there is a Demon King that rules over each continent. They were emboldened to take action after the Demon King in our continent managed to take over Belzerg, since Belzerg has one of the most powerful armies in the world."

I suppose that after seeing one of mankind's strongest armies fall, the other Demon King armies decided to settle their differences and make their move to rule humanity.

But she was saying that the Demon King of Belzerg is so influential that the other Demon Kings would lose their tenuous alliance and disband.

"Can you tell us about the last two generals in the other world?"

I asked, wanting to know as much as I could about the enemy.

"One of them is an angel who maintains the barrier around the Demon King's castle. The other one is an unknown mage that the Demon King recruited, who was the one responsible for creating portals into this world."

I suppose that once we defeat that general who made the portals, our worries of interdimensional invasion will disappear.

"And what about the Demon King himself?"

She gave an apologetic look.

"Unfortunately, we do not know much about the Demon King's powers…"

Of course it'd be like that.

"Forget about all that boring stuff! What about my followers! How are my dear followers of the Axis cult!"

Aqua said, unable to help herself.

Once she mentioned the Axis cult, Iris's eyes honed in on her.

"Axis cult…? You mean those crazy people who ruined the peace talks?!"

As expected, she had a terrible view of the Axis cult.

"How dare you call them crazy?! They're…!"

I covered Aqua's mouth before she could make things worse.

"A-Ah, Iris will be staying with us here, so make sure she feels welcome. Isn't this good news, Yunyun? You have a chance to make a new friend!"

I changed the subject before things could get tense.

Yunyun shyly smiled and said,

"Y-Yes! Um, Princess Iris, please try these cookies I just baked!"

Iris looked at the cookies and said,

"...I appreciate the effort, but I already had lots of sweets."

"O-Oh…"

I unintentionally sabotaged Yunyun by treating Iris to a bunch of sweets earlier.

You have established a bond with Iris, the Sword Princess!

Iris (Sword Princess), Bond Rank: 1

At Rank 1, Iris trusts you to an extent. She is willing to call you onii-chan, mostly because she misses her elder brother, who died in the battle against the Demon King army. Continuing to spoil her with treats will deepen your bond with her. Be careful, as you might grow an unsavory reputation if others see you spending too much time with her.
Last edited: Dec 9, 2024
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, JOJOBRN and 336 others
BoringBone
Dec 9, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 35: A Helicopter Raid For This Swamp!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Dec 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#825
Chapter 35: A Helicopter Raid For This Swamp!

Part 1

"Ohh…! What's this? You have pixies performing for you in this box?"

Iris said, as she looked at the TV.

She thought that there were tiny, magical performers inside the TV. How adorable.

"No, this is a moving image, those are not real people on the screen."

"How does it work?"

"Well, modern TVs have liquid in them that rearrange to show the images depending on how electricity reacts to it."

I explained it as simply as I could to an otherworlder who had no knowledge of such things.

"Wait, that's how it works?"

Aqua said, tilting her head at my explanation.

"...How did you think it worked?'

"I don't know. I never thought about it."

That seems about right.

Iris had lots of questions about technology, but she was quick to pick up on my explanations. As for me, I was just lucky that I spent all that time as a NEET mindlessly scrolling through Wikipedia articles when I got bored. I knew a bunch of random trivia because of that.

Not to mention how I'd read random scientific articles and papers I pirated from LibGen.

There was something else I noticed about our guest.

During dinner time, I thought that she would want something that suited the palate of royalty, but she was more interested in fast food than luxurious food like lobster and caviar. She cried tears of joy when she ate a burger for the first time.

"What is this… It's so good?!"

Now that I think about it, imagine being someone from a medieval fantasy world and eating a cheeseburger, fries, soda and ice cream for the first time. That must be an insane first experience.

"Just wait until you've had a pizza."

Megumin said, watching with amusement as Iris savored her burger.

"Eh? Peetcha… What's that?"

…The way she pronounced that was too cute.

Aqua lifted a finger and said,

"It's like a burger but you don't put a bun on top, also a pizza is bigger!"

That was the most atrocious way I had ever heard someone describe a pizza, ever.

"Wouldn't she be interested in Japanese cuisine, too?"

Mitsurugi said, as he munched his own fries.

"Would it even suit her palate? In the first place, what kind of food does she even eat?"

Darkness said, looking curiously at the girl who had similar features to her, but came from a different culture entirely.

"Well, back in Belzerg, we ate meals like roasted killer boar, kraken calamari and flying cabbage salad."

…Were all of their meals gathered from monster ingredients?

"It seems that we'll have to start her food journey from the very beginning, huh? How exciting!"

Rin said, enjoying the possibility of tackling a challenge.

"It's not good for a young girl like her to eat so much, though… Yunyun, got any tips?"

"E-Eh? Why me?"

Yunyun said, surprised that I was asking her for advice.

"Well, you tend to eat a lot, but you stay really slim somehow. Do you do some kind of special exercise?"

For some reason, Megumin was staring at her. Perhaps she was looking for an answer on how Yunyun managed to get so curvy while staying slim?

"Um… Well, I tried to join the track team once. I trained really hard and always went on runs, but I couldn't join because I was too anxious…"

I wanted to hug this girl so bad!

I settled for giving her looks of sympathy, since we were in front of everyone.

"...So you did do some kind of exercise, huh? I guess it's not just because of your genetics…"

Megumin mumbled, while staring at Yunyun's chest.

"Then, I guess Iris will have to do some exercise, too, if she's gonna eat a lot."

Iris smiled and said,

"Don't worry, ever since I was young, I did a lot of sword training! I also regularly battle against the demon king army!"

Cecily did mention that the resistance was led by the princess, but I thought she meant that in a symbolic sense.

After all, who could imagine that a little girl like her would fight in a bloody war against demons?

"Hmm… About that, since Iris-chan is from the other world, can she use the app?"

Mitsurugi said, bringing up a good point.

"App…? Um, I use an adventurer card…"

She took out a card that looked exactly like the one Dust showed me.

I suppose it made sense, since she was fighting the demon king army in the other world.

No, more than that…

"What's with your level?!"

I noticed her level, as well as her class, swordmaster.

Iris blushed a little.

"Well… I am the top fighter of the resistance, so…"

Maybe we underestimated this girl.

Soon, a plan started to hatch in my head.

"Hey… Can't we just leave the fighting to Iris?"

I stopped once everyone started to look at me like trash.

However, Iris decided to stick up for me.

"I have no problems with fighting for this world! I intend to fight the demon king army, anyway!"

"Humu! That's what I like to hear, Iris!"

"Kazuma… I understand she's strong, but why are you so eager to send this kid to battle?"

Aqua said, giving me a blank stare devoid of any affection that I thought she held for me.

"...Goku sent Gohan out to fight Cell. It's the same thing."

"Goku and Gohan aren't real! You need to stop confusing manga with real life!"

"Aqua… I almost lost my shit when you said that to me."

I barely managed to keep my anger in control.

There are some things you can't say to any otaku.

Still, I did see that perhaps making Iris do everything for us wasn't a good idea.
After all, if she could have ended the war on her own, this whole conflict could have been resolved by her, before she teleported.

Even if she was as powerful as a queen piece in chess, it was foolish to send the queen out without any support or planning ahead of time.

Besides, having a young girl like her lose her family and country to demons, and fighting those said demons, was way too tragic.

I wanted to give her some fun and peace of mind as much as possible, while the demon king army were still recharging their portals.

Part 2

I said that I was fine with giving Iris some time to recuperate, but…

The next day, after school, I found her lazing around on the sofa, playing a video game with Aqua.

She was wearing the same set of pajamas she woke up with in the morning. Her hair was also uncombed.

"Ahhh! I keep falling off the stage!"

"Bwahaha! You can't compete with your superior nee-chan here!"

"Again! Let me play again!"

Iris said, while reaching below her to pull out a greasy McDonald's bag. She reached in and ate some limp-looking fries.

"...The fries are cold and limp now. Should I microwave them?"

She asked Aqua, who shook her head.

"Nah, that will just make them soggy. Just order some more fries. The government is paying for all our expenses, anyway."

"OK! So I just gotta use the Ubey Eats, right?"

"It's called Uber Eats. And yeah, just make the order and the food will magically show up! Make sure you pay for express, so it's super fast!"

I coughed, getting their attention.

"Aqua… What are you teaching her?"

I feel like Iris learned a bunch of new terms while I was in school, and while she was hanging out with Aqua.

"Hm? I'm just teaching her the essentials of life."

"What kind of life?! Playing games all day, lazing around on the couch, ordering Uber Eats whenever you want?!"

"What a wonderful life, is it not?!"

Iris was so enthusiastic when she said that, it almost made me freeze up.

"Listen, Kazuma. This girl isn't like you. She's a princess who has been through so much. While you were in your room, doing nothing all day but playing games and watching anime, this girl was learning how to be a ruler of a kingdom. If anyone deserves to laze around for a while, it's her!"

I already knew that, but I felt like this was way too much indulgence at once.

To prove my point, Iris picked up a Starbucks cup from the ground and drank it.

"Ah, Aqua nee-san, my cappuccino is cold. Should I heat it up in the microwave?"

"Only peasants do that. Just order another one from Uber Eats."

"Stop it with the Uber Eats already!"

I grabbed the phone from Aqua before she could give it to Iris.

Then, I pulled Iris away from Aqua.

"...Listen, Iris. Aqua over there is a bad influence."

"Eh? Why? She seems really fun and genuine!"

I couldn't really deny that.

"...That's true, but do you really want to spend all your time in this world doing nothing but idle around on that sofa, eating nothing but junk food all day? Even if you exercise, you're bound to gain weight and get bad acne."

"But… Aqua nee-san lives like that, and she's so slim and has perfect skin!"

That was because she was a literal goddess. And even then, I didn't think that her insane metabolism could hold forever. If she wasn't occasionally going to the dungeon, she'd be a couple pounds heavier by now.

"...She's an Arch-Priest, so she has passive skills that let her maintain her beauty."

"Ah… Is that so…"

It was a white lie, but it did its job. It wasn't far from the real truth, anyway.

"So, you'll have to be more careful than she is."

"N-Now that you mention it, I feel like my skin is getting kinda oily…"

"Well, you've been eating burgers, fries and sweets nonstop."

"Maybe I should eat a salad?! I'll order one from Uber Eats now…!"

She learned way too much from Aqua.

When the delivery guy came, I took the McDonalds that Iris ordered earlier and let her have her salad.

I ate the Big Mac and watched them play their game.

"You know… We're not really sure how long Iris will stay in this world, so why don't we enroll her for school?"

I said, which made Aqua stare at me incredulously.

"Hah? Kazuma, are you the type who is normally such a slouch, but once you get kids, you're super strict on them to compensate for it? Just leave the kid alone and let her enjoy a carefree life! Why are you submitting her to the horrors of the Japanese educational system!"

"...Just how bad do you think Japanese schools are?"

I realized the hypocrisy of what I said, considering how I didn't go to school for so long. I went on to say,

"T-The important thing is that I don't want her to rot away here like you. I also don't want her to get hooked on things like social media and become a zombie like the kids these days…"

"Kids these days… Do you even hear yourself talk, Kazuma?! What happened to you?! You're such a sellout now! You're only 16 years old, stop talking like a disillusioned, middle aged burnout! You pretentious prick!"

Perhaps Iris got uncomfortable with us arguing over her, since she raised her hand with a weak smile.

"Um… I do feel like walking outside a little. I also want to see more of this country, if I will live here for a while. Perhaps you two can give me a little tour?"

What a good girl. She read the room and offered a solution that would appease the both of us.

"Sounds good! As long as Kazuma here doesn't insist on sending you to cram school, I'm fine with anything!"

Did she really think that I was developing a strict parenting style?

For one thing, I wasn't aiming to become Iris's parent. I wanted her to see me as her onii-chan.

…Although I suppose an onii-chan would just spoil her rotten instead of nagging her to do something productive.

Perhaps Aqua had a point. Just a little.

Part 3

After finishing a martial arts lesson with Sena, I saw Rin and Darkness preparing to leave the mansion. They were both wearing joggers and sweaters. Considering their casual wear, I said,

"Are you two going to a convenience store? Mind getting me something as well?"

I wanted to avoid my last boss, since I stopped showing up to work without even handing in a resignation letter.

Rin smiled and shook her head.

"Nope! We're heading to the dungeon."

I was a bit surprised, since this was a rare combination. Darkness said,

"I need to clear the lower floors, anyway, and Rin also needs to gain levels. We might as well do it together."

"...I ordered you to clear the lower floors by yourself, though."

"It's impossible for me! I need some support, at least!"

I couldn't really deny that, and Rin needed a frontliner, anyway.

"Fine. Stay safe, you too."

"How about you, senpai? Gonna do some training in the dungeon as well?"

I still haven't reached the fourth floor boss yet. I wasn't sure if I could handle facing it by myself, but I could at least scout out the area.

"I guess I should come along with you."

I thought about asking Aqua to come along, but she was currently drunk out of her mind.

Megumin was also teaching Iris some Japanese, in case we really ended up sending her to school. It made sense for me to go alone.

I went with Rin and Darkness to the dungeon, chatting with them as we rode the train. I thought that we wouldn't really have conversation topics to talk about, but Rin and Darkness eventually started talking about their favorite book series.

"Wait, Darkness, you read books?"

"...What gave you the impression that I didn't?"

"Well, you're a musclehead, so I thought you spent all your time at the gym."

"It's not like I can spend all my time in the gym!"

Rin sighed and gave me a disapproving look.

"Don't be mean, senpai. How come you were so nice to me when we were getting to know each other, but it turns out you're so mean to other girls?"

"W-Well, like I explained to you, it's because we didn't really know each other that much, so I wanted to make a good impression."

"...You were mean to me from the start, Kazuma. What's with the difference in treatment?"

Darkness said, exposing me.

Rin chuckled, placing a hand over her mouth.

"Could it be, senpai had a crush on me from the start?"

I blushed, making the two of them raise their brows and grin.

"Wow, Kazuma, you sure are being obvious about it."

I frowned and turned away from them.

"Aww… Darkness-senpai, he's being all shy…"

I endured their teasing until we made it to the dungeon.

Thankfully, we split up as soon as we entered inside.

Leaving the teleportation circle, I soon came across Mary, who was acting quite suspiciously.

She was whistling an out-of-key tune and avoiding eye contact with me.

"Ah, if it isn't Kazuma-san… Haha…"

"OK, what did you do?"

"...Promise you won't get mad?"

Her saying that wasn't a good sign at all.

"Just tell me what you did, before I assume the worst!"

"First of all, I didn't kill anyone."

"The fact that you're leading up with that doesn't make me feel good at all! Just spill it already!"

"Hah, well, there was this guy who was about to kill me, right? I couldn't just let him do that, so I was forced to defend myself!"

"...You didn't bury him, did you?"

"I told you I didn't kill anyone! I just used my charms on him and lured him into a nice, peaceful conversation, while secretly sapping his energy in case he wanted to attack me again!"

So she used the characteristic of a Tranquility Girl.

But the danger of Tranquility Girls was that they used their charms to keep their victims around and keep absorbing their 'nutrients' until they were completely dry.

"Where is this guy now?"

"I let him go once he was no longer a threat to me."

"...You hid the corpse of your beloved last time, so why should I believe that?"

"You can dig up as much as you want! All you'll find are the bones of my beloved!"

I felt like pursuing the matter more, but I decided to drop it.

"Fine, I'll believe you."

That seemed to surprise her.

"Oh? Does that mean you completely trust me now?!"

"Of course not. But I can't just suspect you all the time."

I was trying to build a bond with her, after all.

"I see… Well, then, I will continue to earn your trust, Kazuma-san!"

"You better."

"I don't like the arrogant way you said that."

Your bond with Mary has deepened!

Mary (Tranquility Girl), Bond Rank: 3

At Rank 3, Mary is slowly understanding that for you to trust in her, she will need to be honest with you and obey your commands. She is reluctant to do both, but is willing to do so for the sake of her survival. She won't give up her beloved's corpse to you, even if you command her. Putting your trust on Mary even more will deepen your bond.

Bond Reward: You learn the [Medicine] skill!

[Medicine] Skill Rank: 1, Passive skill

You are proficient in creating and administering medicines of a 'Basic' make! Success of creating such medicines relies on your Intelligence (78).

Part 4

"By the way, Kazuma-san, you should know something about the dungeon."

Mary said to me, before I was about to head out.

"...Don't tell me some guy is leaving his equipment around again."

That guy caused so many problems last time.

"Ah, how'd you know?"

So it really was that guy again!

"So there may be some lizardmen who are carrying equipment from the higher floors once more…"

I really needed to get a hold of this guy one day. He was making my job harder than it had to be.

I thanked Mary for the information and continued heading deeper into the fourth floor.

With all these obstacles, it was taking forever for me just to reach the boss area.

Just like Mary warned me, when I encountered the first group of lizardmen, I saw that they had some strong looking equipment on them.

In fact, one of them had a dangerous-looking spear.

Instead of risking it, I hid in the shadows with [Lurk], and…

"[Steal]!"

I used steal to take away the spear.

Before they could react, I also stole the rest of their equipment and put it away in my storage box.

As for the spear, I looked at its information in my inventory.

Spear of Thunder (Very Rare)

Magical spear that knocks back targets that are hit with a thunderous force.

Durability: 40/40

Weapon Accuracy: Dexterity modifier + [Spear] = 100% chance of hitting

Weapon Damage: 6 piercing damage + Strength modifier (+8) + Bonus (+2) = 16 damage

That knockback effect looked like it'd be very useful…

It was also more accurate than my sword, with a 100% accuracy.

I knew there were skills and abilities that decreased weapon accuracy, though, so I didn't assume that it'd hit every time, like my bow when I use snipe. Not to mention things like armor and counter moves.

Still, this was a useful item to have.

I made use of it right away as the lizardmen attacked. I held them at bay with the spear, knocking them back as the thrusts landed.

Then, I had an idea.

"[Create Water], [Freeze]!"

I made the ground slippery with a frozen puddle and knocked the lizardmen back with the spear. This made them slip on the ice.

"[Wind Blade]!"

Then, I finished them off by slashing the spear and making a blade of magical wind shoot out from the spear point.

"Fufu… My genius frightens me sometimes…"

I said, my ego getting quite the boost as I finished off the lizardmen easily.

The fourth floor was probably too low-leveled for me now. I was level 20 now, after all.

As I collected the loot from the lizardmen, I got an idea.

"Hey, Appuri-chan, can I set up some more voice commands?"

"Hm? Like what? You want a voice command for me to take pictures, so you can take creep shots of girls on the train?"

"Why the hell would I want that?!"

What I wanted instead was a command that would let me freely switch between the weapons I had.

After all, the main advantage of Appuri-chan was that she was voice controlled. Other app-users had to manually select the weapons they wanted to bring out from their inventory.

With this new configuration, I decided to try it out on the next monster I encountered in the dungeon.

This time, it was a monster I hadn't encountered before.

There was a singular creature that was covered in green fur. It had two horns and three eyes. It also had big arms and gleaming claws and teeth.

[Lore Reading] told me that it was a creature called a 'Three-Eyed Crusher'.

This monster had three eyes with different kinds of vision. One for night vision, the other a stealth vision that allows them to see hidden enemies and the other one was a mana vision that allows them to see when someone is casting a spell.

Aside from that, it was also pretty strong with those big arms.

I didn't bother hiding since it could see hidden enemies and went to work sniping it from afar.

"Grraaa!"

It roared as I pelted it with ice arrows and chased after me.

However, I was able to safely kite away with the [Orb Walking] skill, shooting while running away with [Escape] boosting my speed.

"Spear!"

"Spear mode!"

Appuri-chan brought out my new spear. I knocked back the Three-Eyed Crusher when it tried to close the distance by leaping at me.

"Unequip!"

Appuri-chan made the sword disappear, then I held Chunchunmaru.

I didn't put it in the inventory, since I wanted to always have it on hand. It was also more effective if I could draw it from an iaido stance.

"[Quick Draw]! [Flash Attack]! [Power Slash]!"

"Graaaa!"

Several ugly slash marks appeared on its body as I unleashed a brutal combo on it.

"[Fireball]!"

I put it out of its misery, launching a fireball and setting its scarred body ablaze.

This was the culmination of all my hard work, unlocking those classes and all those exclusive skills.

"Fufu… I really am a genius…"

"A genius at self-aggrandizing, maybe."

I sold the horns of the monster and the other equipment that the one irresponsible app-user left around.

Then, I advanced through the fourth floor using the voice command method, efficiently gaining exp, money and loot to sell.

Eventually, I came across the door leading to the boss area.

"This is it…"

"Don't get cocky, Kazuma-san!"

Appuri-chan warned me before I opened the door.

"Ugh… What's that smell?"

As soon as I opened the door, an awful smell greeted me.

The previous boss area was a wide desert filled with sand and giant worms.

Now, I was met with the sight of a swamp land.

The awful smell was caused by the murky, disgusting looking water that filled the entirety of the boss area, save for some dry patches of land with dark trees and tall grass. Giant insects flew around in the air. An insect with a long stinger the size of a sword swooped in and hit a peculiar rodent with gills around its chin. The rodent vomited as its skin turned a sickly green, then it stopped moving. The giant insect flew away with its catch and feasted on the rodent with its mandibles.

I immediately closed the door.

"Hm? What's the matter, Kazuma-san?"

"...That place is horrifying."

The environment was never really a factor for the first three floors. Sure, the desert was hot, but since we had [Heat Resistance], the heat wasn't unbearable.

However, walking around in a rodent infested, dirty swamp that looked like I'd contract a disease as soon as I stepped foot in it, with all sorts of giant insects trying to poison me with its stingers…

I didn't want to go in there, at all.

"Well, I did what I came here for, now that I know what the boss area looks like. Time to leave."

"Wait a second, you didn't even see the boss yet!"

"I said it's time to leave!"

I ignored Appuri-chan and headed back to the teleportation circle.

Part 5

"Ah, yeah… The swamp area has toxic waters. You will gain debuffs if you're in it."

Mitsurugi said, when I came back to the mansion after my dungeon run to ask him for advice on the fourth floor boss area.

"As for beating the boss area, you will need to kill 10 Brutal Alligators to fulfill a special challenge."

I didn't know what a Brutal alligator was, but they sounded horrific.

"10 alligators… Wouldn't killing too much ruin the ecosystem?"

Mitsurugi shook his head at my question.

"Real alligators lay about 40 eggs. Brutal alligators lay more than that, about 60 and 80 for really fertile ones. Unlike real alligators, the newborns don't have much in the way of predators. That means that you can kill as many of them, since they have a high population."

So it wasn't like the deal with the Giant Toads or the critters that Megumin caught in the first floor.

With that answered, I asked another question.

"Is there a way to deal with the toxic water?"

"There is a way to purify the water using priest skills…"

When I heard that, I turned to Aqua who was enjoying some after dinner tea.

"You hear that? I'll leave it up to you."

Mitsurugi sighed and said,

"Let me finish… It will take a while for a priest to purify enough of the water for it to make a difference. Besides, you will be attacked by the Brutal Alligators if you try to cleanse the water, since they thrive in that kind of environment."

"You heard the guy. I'm not dealing with something called a 'Brutal Alligator'. Why don't we just blow up the swamp using Megumin's explosion?"

"...Well, there might be chance we'd cause a gas explosion if we did that."

There was methane and other forms of flammable gas found in a swamp that might lead to explosion causing a disaster.

More than explosion usually did.

"Hmm… Well, it's fine if Aqua can purify the water without being in danger from the alligators, right?"

I said, while looking at Mitsurugi dipping a tea bag into his own cup.

"...You have an awful expression right now, Satou."

"Yeah, I don't feel good about this…"

The both of them showed me distrustful looks as I chuckled and got up, going to Sena to ask her to make some arrangements with the government.

…

…

Darkness and I didn't go to the naginata club practice after school, since I wanted to deal with the fourth boss area right away.

The reason was that with midterms coming up, as well as the middle school reunion that Vanir warned me about, not to mention the surveillance of those app users visiting the cemetery at night… There were just way too many things to do. I couldn't afford to procrastinate like I usually did.

"Hold on, Darkness, we need to pick up some stuff from our contact."

I said, as we were heading to the train station.

"Oh… You mentioned enlisting the military's help, right? What did you ask from them?"

"Well, it's kind of complicated. Ah, how many storage slots do you have in your inventory, by the way?"

"Since it's directly related to the strength score, I have a lot of slots…"

"What a slotty girl."

"What do you mean by that?!"

"Also, as expected of a muscle brain."

"...You're back to teasing me again, huh?"

I couldn't help it.

While we were in the train station, a black van pulled up and a familiar face came out. It was Marika-san from my squad.

She gave me a salute.

"Well met, captain!"

"...I keep telling you guys I'm supposed to be a civilian in public, right?"

"Ah, right. Forgive me…"

Darkness looked at the van and said,

"Is the equipment inside?"

"No, Marika-san here will drive us to the facility, where we will pick up the necessary equipment."

Marika-san scratched her cheek in confusion.

"Um, you say 'equipment', but I feel like that's a big understatement…"

Darkness started to look nervous when she heard that.

"Kazuma… What are you up to?"

Did these people really find me that untrustworthy?

With some reluctance, Darkness climbed into the van and we drove off.

She started to get more nervous as we went to the outskirts of town, which was a thirty minute drive from the station. She started pulling on my sleeve when she started seeing 'No Trespassing' signs all around, as well as manned towers and military personnel walking around.

"...K-Kazuma, what is this place?"

"It's a military base."

"What are we doing in a military base?!"

"...It's not that big of a deal. I mean, Megumin's dad works here."

That seemed to calm her down a bit, especially when the car pulled over and I pointed at Megumin's father, Hyoizaburo-san, waiting to greet us.

"Ah, if it isn't my dear son-in-law, Kazuma-kun!"

I got quite the warm reception from him.

Not to mention, he was already calling me his son in law.

"...Just to set this straight, Megumin and I aren't that far into things yet."

"Yet… So you're saying there is progress, huh?"

I couldn't exactly deny that.

"So, did Hyoizaburo-san do as I requested?"

"Yes, although it is an odd request… Please follow me."

He led us to one of the hangars. Darkness looked around warily at all the armed military personnel walking around.

There were a lot of foreigners around. With Japan telling the other world leaders about the threat of the Demon King army, countries all over the world have sent aid in terms of ammunition supply, equipment, finances and, of course, manpower. Since all of the soldiers were privy to the classified information, as well as my involvement, there were lots of soldiers from all over the world looking at me curiously.

"...You're something of a legend around here. A teenager who was promoted to the rank of Captain, as well as the hero who prevented the demon invasion. Your story is like something out of a movie."

Marika-san explained, once I saw the looks of curiosity and something akin to reverence.

There were also some doubtful looks from soldiers who probably couldn't really believe that I really was some big shot hero. Appearance wise, even if I was ripped now, I was still just an ordinary Japanese teenager. I probably didn't look like some hero.

Once we were inside the hangar, Darkness looked in confusion at the seemingly random parts laid out on the ground.

"...What's this? A cage? Are we gonna trap the Brutal Alligators inside? And what's with all of these parts? Is that a rotor blade?"

"The cage… Rather than trapping the alligators inside, it's meant to keep them out. Well, you'll see."

"And what about all this other stuff?"

"I asked Hyoizaburo-san here to disassemble an attack helicopter for me. I brought you here since I need you to put these disassembled parts into your inventory slots."

Since I had the [Smithing] skill, I could piece the helicopter back together once we made it inside the dungeon. I wouldn't say that a helicopter normally qualified as an item of 'Basic make' like the skill describes, however, that was in comparison to magical items and artifacts that could be found in the dungeon. Even something like a helicopter was still considered a mundane item, compared to some legendary sword that could slay dragons in one strike.

Just to make sure, I asked Appuri-chan if it would work and did some experiments with my electronics.

Darkness went about putting the helicopter parts into her inventory. I also put the rest inside my storage box and my own inventory. We did the same for the cage.

"Alright, we're all good to go. Thanks, Hyoizaburo-san."

"No problem! It's thanks to Kazuma-kun that I have such a comfy job~! My wife is so proud of me and makes sure to let me know every night… Hehe…"

I feel like I didn't need to hear that last part. But I did understand that as a guy, you sometimes want to show off about your love life if it's going well.

Part 6

"I'm not going in there! No, no, no!"

Aqua said, when I showed her the cage and told her what it was going to be used for.

Since the water was poisonous to us, the plan was to have Aqua purify the water.

However, she would be vulnerable if we had her purify the water without any protection. At the same time, we would be affected by the toxic water if we tried to protect her. Only Aqua was immune to the effects, due to the effect of her hagaromo.

And so, I came up with the plan of putting her in a cage and dipping her into the swamp, so she could safely work on purifying the toxic water.

As for the helicopter…

The Brutal Alligators would attack Aqua once she started purifying the water, according to Mitsurugi. This was because they enjoyed a filthy environment and would get angry if it was cleaned. With that said, we weren't planning on purifying the entire swamp, only a portion of it.

With Aqua drawing all that aggro, we were going to attack from the safety of the helicopter.

Then, once the water was safe enough, we would go down and fight off the rest of the Brutal Alligators on foot, since Megumin couldn't attack them with explosion without the risk of causing a disaster.

"Hold on, why am I the only one in danger?! You're all gonna be safe and sound flying around, while I'm gonna be stuck in a cage and having alligators try to eat me?!"

"You're the only one who can do this, so stop whining and get in the cage. Besides, this is a titanium cage, so there's no chance of the Brutal Alligators breaking it."

"I don't care how durable or unbreakable it is! I'm not doing it!"

Rin looked at Aqua with pity. We brought her along since she would be safe on the helicopter, so her inexperience and low level wouldn't be a factor.

"Senpai… Isn't there a better way to do this?"

I shook my head.

"I'm afraid not."

Megumin looked at me skeptically.

"...The other app-users managed to get past this floor, and I doubt that they had to come up with such a cruel plan like yours. Surely, there's a better tactic?"

"What tactic? Those cheaters probably just used their OP artifacts and called it a day. We're not blessed like those individuals, so forget it."

Rin raised her hand.

"Um… I have an artifact, though."

With Rin reminding her, Aqua took this chance.

"Yeah! Why don't we just let Rin handle it?! She's got a cheat item, so it's only fair!"

"...She shouldn't even be here to begin with. Besides, her artifact doesn't really help in this scenario."

The problem was the toxic water. The Brutal Alligators also wouldn't just gather in one place unless they had a reason to. Even if we flew around in the helicopter looking for targets, they'd get scared by the noise and skitter away.

Megumin placed a hand on Aqua's shoulder.

"Well, I guess there's no other way."

"...Seriously? Do I seriously have to do this?"

Aqua had a defeated expression as she realized that there really wasn't any other strategy she could think of.

Not that Aqua was capable of making any sort of strategy, anyway.

And so, Aqua reluctantly went inside the cage and I locked it. Then, I had Darkness take out all the heli components, laying them right at the entrance of the swamp area, so there was room for me to construct the heli.

"[Smithing]!"

With the image in mind, I used the skill.

After a flash of blue light, a fully-formed AH-Cobra Attack Helicopter appeared in front of us.

Coming along to pilot the heli was Marika-san. Like Rin, she was also someone who shouldn't be in this high-level boss room, but with the heli, I considered it safe enough to bring her along. Besides, we needed someone to pilot the heli.

"I'll make sure to do my best."

She said, while giving me a salute.

We boarded the helicopter after Aqua was lowered into the swamp. The heli worked perfectly, the rotors pinning as Marika-san lifted us into the air. Rin and Megumin were excited by the flight, looking down as we slowly gained altitude. Aqua spoke into the walkie-talkie I gave her once we were airborne.

"...I guess I'll start purifying the water now. Over."

She sounded so depressed, it almost made me feel bad.

Marika-san flew the heli overhead as Aqua used her purification spell on the water.

Slowly, the water around her started to become clear.

That was when we saw movement in the water, ripples forming as scaled bodies swam across it.

"...Wait, there's so many of them."

Megumin said, as we saw numerous scaly backs emerge from the water, eyes glowing a predatory, mystical green.

There was a brief pause.

Then, the Brutal Alligators all emerged from the water, assaulting the cage and trying to eat the girl inside.

"Kazumaaaa! Help meee!"

Aqua cried into the walkie talkie. We could hear the horrific sounds of the alligators trying to rip through the cage.

"...Some girls just have all the luck."

Darkness said, as if what Aqua was going through was somehow enviable.

I turned to the other item I requested. We couldn't fire a traditional machine gun, since we didn't want to have the flammable chemicals of the swamp react to the gunpowder.

Instead, I had Hyoizaburo-san install a high-powered, mounted crossbow.

Then, I made bolts using ice magic and used [Enchant] on them to further power them up.

"Alright, who wants to take the first shot?"

I said, once the ice bolt was notched into the crossbow.

"Humu… It's unfortunate that I can't use my explosion, but I suppose this will have to do for now."

Megumin said, even though she sounded excited about it.

She took position, lining up the laser sight of the crossbow. Then, she fired the bolt into one of the Brutal Alligators.

The bolt struck cleanly through the scales of the Brutal Alligator and it went limp. I created another enchanted ice bolt and Megumin took her second shot.

She missed a couple, but those ice bolts were pretty cheap to make, although enchanting them took some mana. To refill my mana…

"Eeeek! What are you doing?!"

I used [Drain Touch] on Darkness.

"...? It's not like you ever use mana, so it's fine if I drain you. Also, for some reason, you have a fair bit of mana despite having no magical talent…"

"C-Crusaders have holy spells available to the class, so having a decent mana capacity is a requirement…"

"Ah, but you don't have the proper intelligence and magic power to make use of it. I see."

"M-My intelligence is fine! It's about magic power! My faith is also pretty low for some reason…"

Considering her depravity, I could see why.

After Megumin finished killing ten Brutal Alligators, Rin took her turn.

"...I hate to say it, but this is kind of fun."

She said, treating this like some game at a festival, even though Aqua was crying her eyes out below us.

Megumin smiled at her.

"I know, right? It's very satisfying when the alligators stop moving after trashing around so much."

"You're showing your sadistic side, Megumin."

"Keep it up, Megumin."

Darkness approved of Megumin's behavior.

After Rin finished the requirement, it was my turn.

Boss challenge has started!

Some floor boss monsters have additional challenges associated with them!

For this floor, killing ten Brutal Alligators is the challenge!

Quest Reward: Boss treasure chest

During my turn, I made sure to use [Snipe].

One by one, the Brutal Alligators surrounding Aqua fell as the ice bolts took their life.

Megumin and Rin clapped for me as I efficiently fulfilled the quest.

Lastly, it was Darkness's turn.

"...I'll just wait until Aqua clears up the water and face them on foot."

She didn't even want to try, knowing she'd miss.

Thankfully for her, Aqua managed to clear up a good portion of the surrounding water in about half an hour.

Marika-san lowered the heli and Darkness eagerly jumped down, spear in hand.

"Oh? Darkness is using a spear now?"

Megumin said, since she hadn't seen it before.

Rin, who was practicing with Darkness, smiled and said.

"Yup! Her success rate is about 30% now against completely immobile targets!"

"...I'd say that's horrible, but it's honestly a welcome improvement."

Megumin jumped down as well, using a different staff to fight the Brutal Alligators, since her exploding staff would cause a swamp fire. I didn't bother going down, continuing to snipe from the heli using my longbow, while Rin used the crossbow.

Darkness also used a key to open the cage, freeing Aqua.

She came out with tears in her eyes and started attacking the Brutal Alligators as well, acting tough once she could hide behind Darkness and Megumin.

It was a bit overkill with the usage of the heli and the cage, but a win is a win.

Like this, we beat the fourth floor challenge.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:JOJOBRN, OtroWey, Drgnfrst and 315 others
BoringBone
Dec 17, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 36: Closure For This Dumbass!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Jan 6, 2025
Add bookmark
#846
Chapter 36: Closure For This Dumbass!

Part 1

We got a boss treasure chest for killing those Brutal Alligators.

Without wasting any time, I opened my chest.

Mithril Ore (Very Rare)

This mithril ore can be used to craft powerful equipment.

I got a precious ore from my chest.

Since I already had mithril armor, I thought about what to do with this ore.

After a few moments, I got an idea.

I held the rope and the ore together.

"[Smithing]!"

…Only for nothing to happen.

I guess the fact that the ore was Very Rare meant that my smithing skill at rank 1 couldn't cut it.

That meant I'd have to visit that blacksmith again…

"Oh, I got a new spear!"

Darkness said, happy with her loot.

"I got a new wand!"

Rin held her wand up, showing it off.

"Fufu… Magic rings that increase magic power, huh?"

As if Megumin needed more power.

"What's this?! A magical pepper shaker that makes all your food perfectly spiced?! What kind of garbage is this?!"

Aqua forgot to let me open her chest and her terrible luck kicked in.

"...That one's your fault."

"Y-You should have reminded me, Kazuma!"

I ignored Aqua, who tried to pin the blame on me.

As for Marika-san, she had to pilot the heli the whole time and unfortunately couldn't get a chest. She didn't seem to mind it too much, though. As expected of a pro.

I looked around at the clear water around us. With the Brutal Alligators defeated, the others were wary of us and didn't approach.

Normally, I'd head back at this point, but…

I used [Lurk] and snuck up behind one of them.

"[Snipe]!"

And hunted one.

Since these things spawned like crazy, we didn't need to worry about hunting them to extinction.

"...Maybe this is a good place to power level?"

I said, while looking at the fallen Brutal Alligator.

"Hah? You can only do that 'coz this area is clean for now, but it'll get dirty again! I'm not doing this every single time!"

Aqua was understandably opposed to my idea.

"I guess we'll leave for now, then."

"Yeah, let's get out of here. This place stinks!"

Before that, we left it up to Megumin to skin the alligators. I stored the materials into my inventory, since I was going to visit the blacksmith anyway.

As we were about to leave, I noticed a peculiar plant.

Rather, my [Medicine] skill helped me notice it, otherwise I would have just ignored it.

It was a purple plant with green spots on them.

My skill told me that I could make basic healing potions out of these.

I took some of these plants with me.

I dismantled the helicopter and we made it out of the boss area.

Then, using the teleporter, we made it back to the first floor.

The others were leaving, but I stayed behind and headed to the pond area, where Megumin and I first fished for crawfish.

However, instead of destroying the ecosystem like last time, I used my [Gardening] skill.

Like with the Giant Toads, I set up a fence around some wet soil to keep monsters away from the garden I was going to make.

It wasn't the perfect deterrent, so I made a note to ask Wiz if she had something that equaled monster repellent.

Once my garden was complete, I made my way out of the dungeon.

…

…

The blacksmith, as always, didn't look happy to see me.

"...Why are you so unfriendly? I got you some good business last time, right?"

During the battle against Sylvia and Hans, I had the government commission the blacksmith for some swords.
"Yeah, and now they won't leave me alone. I want a quiet life, not having the government breathing down my neck with orders!"

I kind of forgot about the fact that he was just a normal shopkeeper who was doing the blacksmith thing as a side gig.

"Sorry about that. Well, you'll be happy to know that I have more work for you!"

"...Are you even listening to me?"

I couldn't really help it, since he was the only blacksmith I knew.

I learned that his skill level increased, and he was now able to handle higher tier gear.

With that, he took the mithril ore and alligator skin I gave him.

For the mithril ore, he made a rope for me that I couldn't make myself.

Mithril Rope (Very Rare)

Rope with mithril chain inside. Can capture anything, even spiritual beings.

As for the alligator skin, I didn't really have an idea for it, but when I thought about it, I didn't really have any gear to complement my newly attained [Unarmed Combat] skill.

I asked him to make protective gloves for my fists, so I wouldn't just be punching things barehanded.

Brutal Alligator Gloves (Very Rare)

Rough leather gloves made from Brutal Alligator.

Durability: 40/40

Weapon Accuracy: Dexterity modifier + [Unarmed Combat] = 87% chance of hitting

Weapon Damage: 3 bludgeoning damage + Strength modifier (+8) + Bonus (0) = 11 damage

All in all, the whole thing cost me 90,000 Yen, but it would have cost me more if I didn't provide the materials myself.
"Can I ask for a discount?"

"Never."

Something told me that I was never going to make a good impression on this guy, even if my charisma was in the 1000s.

Part 2

Wiz smiled when I came through the door of her store.

"Welcome, Kazuma-san! You're just in luck, I have all sorts of new gear!"

"...Is it actually good?"

"Yes, I personally think so!"

So that meant that it wasn't.

The captured demon was dusting the counter and didn't even look up at me.

"Oi… Shouldn't you at least greet a customer?"

"Welcome… I'd offer you tea, but Wiz-sama uses that as her main source of nutrients."

When I looked at the demon, I saw that he looked thinner than he was before.

"Wiz, are you even feeding him?"

"Why, yes, of course! He eats more than I do!"

"I feel like 'eat' is a strong word! I'm only drinking tea and sugar water, after all! That might be enough for a Lich but I might die if this keeps up!"

Even though the demon acted in a subservient manner to Wiz at the start, I suppose the hunger pains were getting to him. He was starting to talk defiantly to her.

"Wiz… He is technically a prisoner of war. It's not good to mistreat him like this."

"I-I'm not trying to mistreat him, but I can't do anything about the lack of food! In the first place, Vanir-san and I don't even really need to eat!"

I suppose since there was no need to stock up the refrigerator, it was hard to justify getting food just for the demon.

Especially since she was always broke.

"...What happened to all the money you got from my previous purchases?"

"I used them to craft more amazing items, of course!"

And they were probably all duds.

I didn't even know why I thought I could get a working monster repellent from Wiz, but I still asked her,

"Monster repellent… Ah, I have one!"

She took out a vial with a spray nozzle and presented it to me.

"This is a fragrance that will keep monsters away!"

"Oh, so it actually works?"

"Yes! In fact, it works so well that it will keep other people away from you, too!"

What a horrible item.

Well, I wasn't planning on spraying this on myself, but on the fence around my garden, so that side-effect didn't affect me at all.

I just hoped the perfume wouldn't keep me away as well.

"Alright, I'll buy this. But on one condition! You have to use the money to buy the demon here some food and other expenses."

The demon started tearing up and went to hug my leg.

"Oh, thank you! You saved me! Thank you!"

I shook him off my leg.

"...I'm not doing this for you. I just don't want to deal with the consequences of mistreating a prisoner of war…"

Our treatment of this demon could dictate how the demons treat us, if they manage to take over our world.

While beating them was the best outcome, I couldn't discount the possibility of humanity losing.

Iris told us that the citizens of her kingdom actually prefer the Demon King as a ruler, as opposed to the corrupt nobles that once oppressed them.

That probably meant that the Demon King could treat us well even if he were to conquer us, especially if he received word that we treated his soldiers well upon capture.

"So, how much is this item, Wiz?"

"This is a rare and powerful item, so it will cost 100,000 Yen!"

"...With those prices, you're gonna stay broke!"

Still, I paid her the full price, since that money was gonna go to the demon's expenses, anyway.

"Thank you so much, Kazuma-san! I can buy all sorts of expensive materials with this!"

"Did you forget our promise already?!"

"O-Oh, right…"

I wasn't sure if I could completely trust her.

I turned to the demon and said,

"If you want to survive, you will need to keep an honest account of how Wiz uses that money."

"B-But I wouldn't dare inconvenience Wiz-sama…"

"Do you prefer to starve?"

"...I'll keep a close eye on her."

"By the way, what's your name?"

I didn't want to just call it 'demon' all the time.

"My name is Dante…"

I felt like that name was wasted on such a low-ranking demon scout, but I didn't tell him that.

"By the way, Kazuma-san, um, what should I do if I'm asked to release Dante-kun? If the Demon King finds out that I'm keeping him prisoner here on your request, I will surely be ordered to release him."

From what I understand, Wiz had a special position in the Demon King army, but she still had to listen to orders from the Demon King.

"Hmm… That's a good point. Ah, how about this? Just tell the Demon King that I'm allowing you to personally oversee the treatment of a prisoner of war, as a show of good faith."

"Eh? That's not what happened, though…"

"Please do me this favor, Wiz! We're friends, right?!"

I pressed my hands together pleadingly to her.

Wiz hesitated for a moment, before smiling.

"Alright. Since you asked, Kazuma-san, I'll do you this favor."

"...You're a good girl. Sometimes, I wonder if you're really a Lich and if Aqua is really a goddess."

"Eh?! Um, she'll be sad if she hears that!"

"But it's true, isn't it? Don't tell me you don't agree…"

"W-Well, she does occasionally pull pranks on me…"

"I already told her not to do that!"

"B-But it's not as bad as the harassment from before! She's no longer pouring holy water into my tea!"

I was surprised Wiz even put up with that level of harassment.

She really is a good girl.

Your bond with Wiz has deepened!

Wiz (Lich Shopkeeper), Bond Rank: 5

At Rank 5, Wiz sees you as a friend who she will help, even if it technically goes against her position as a Demon King general. She is grateful for the fact that you are concerned about Dante, that you regularly provide her with money, and how you protect her from Aqua. Continuing to support her will deepen your bond.

Bond Reward: [Ice Magic Increase] rank-up!

[Ice Magic Increase] Skill Rank: 5, Passive Skill (MAX)

Increases the power of Ice Magic by +5. Crowd control conditions applied by ice magic are extended by 4 seconds.

Part 3

"Aqua… I keep telling you to leave Wiz alone!"

I said, when I got home and found Aqua playing games with Iris again.

She paused the game and looked up. Instead of arguing, she gave me a blank look.

"What are you on about now, Kazuma? I already stopped with that."

"She told me you still pull pranks on her!"

"And? Friends can pull pranks on each other, right?! It's not like I'm throwing water balloons filled with holy water on her again! My holy grenade slinging days are over!"

Iris looked uncomfortable as she got caught in the middle of an argument.

"Um… I think I'll brush my teeth and go to bed now."

She said, sounding like a child who didn't want to see mommy and daddy fight.

Looking back at Aqua, I said,

"...Fine. Wiz did say that you're not harassing her as much anymore."

"See? I told you!"

"Just leave her alone already! Even if it's just pranks, she's trying to run a business, so stop bugging her! You already have Iris to play with!"

"Hah? Are you implying that I'm a kid who should play with other kids and not bother the adults?!"

"Of course not."

Iris was way more mature than her, so I could never say that.

"...You're thinking something incredibly rude about me right now, aren't you, Kazuma?!"

I left before her surprisingly high intuition kicked in, and she completely read my mind.

I grabbed a quick bite to eat, took a bath, then headed to my room.

While I was checking my phone, I noticed a text from my former schoolmate, who I faced in the inter-high tournament.

We had been exchanging texts here and there, but now, he sent me an invitation to the middle school reunion.

Vanir's words echoed in my head.

If I don't show up to that reunion, I will regret it.

I accepted the invitation, but the prospect of having to see my childhood friend made it so that I couldn't sleep right away. I stayed up for an hour longer before I eventually fell asleep.

…

…

I thought about the reunion even during class, the next day.

Konno-san had to poke me in the back to get me to focus during class.

Even when the lunch bell rang, I was still thinking about it, even as I met up with Darkness and Rin in the cafeteria.

My conflicted thoughts must have shown up on my face, since Rin noticed it.

"Senpai, is something wrong?"

Darkness looked up from the udon she was eating, noticing my expression once Rin pointed it out.

"Kazuma… It's fine. You can insult me if you want."

How much of a sadist did she think I was?

"...I'm not having a relapse episode, just because I'm stopping myself from teasing you too much. Do you think I enjoy being mean to girls?"

"Um, yeah?"

I shouldn't have asked.

I eventually showed them the text.

"I don't get it, senpai. Why are you upset about a reunion?"

"I'm sure he had a lot of dark memories from middle school, Rin."

Darkness was right, but it still pissed me off that she was telling Rin that.

Then again, Rin's idealized image of me as a dependable senpai was surely gone at this point.

"...My childhood friend is gonna be there. And, well, I guess I'm trying to avoid her."

"I see. Let's go apologize to her together, Kazuma."

"Why are you assuming as if I did something to apologize for?!"

"I mean, you probably pulled some horrible, lewd prank on her, right? What did you do? Steal her panties and wear them over your head?"

"Darkness, you must think I'm some kind of horrible scumbag, huh?!"

"Senpai… Don't yell too much. A lot of people are staring now."

Rin gestured to the other students staring at us.

I coughed into my hand.

"...I didn't do anything bad to her. Well… I guess I'll tell you."

I told them what I told Megumin, how I saw my childhood friend on the back of a delinquent senpai's bike. How I promised to marry my childhood friend before that.

I thought they'd make fun of me for thinking that my childhood friend would stick to such a promise we made when we were kids, but Rin just supportingly placed a hand over mine.

"Aww… That's so sad, senpai. Thanks for sharing that."

"...You don't think it's stupid?"

"Why? I think it's very romantic! Don't you, Darkness-senpai?"

"Yeah… I have to admit, it's really sweet. Considering this is Kazuma."

"You could have kept that last part to yourself."
"Senpai… You need to go to this reunion. More than anything, you need closure."

I knew that she was right, but I couldn't help but deny the wave of anxiety that filled me.

No matter how much stronger I became since then, no matter how many friends I made, a part of me still remained as that NEET who emotionally detached myself from the world around me.

I didn't want to feel that sting of betrayal again. I didn't want to have to act like I didn't care about anything, just so I could protect myself.

I did care, maybe way too much. Whereas normal people would just forget about their childhood friends once they reached highschool, I still have dreams about her from time to time, playing in that field of flowers overlooking the cliff, spending long summer days chasing cicadas in our sweaty sandals.

Maybe something's wrong with me, that I still care about that kinda stuff. But I can't help it.

"Yeah, you're right. I accepted the invitation already, anyway."

"But you were planning to make up a last minute excuse to ditch, right?"

"...Darkness, just shut up."

"I thought Japanese people were supposed to be polite?!"

"Stop stereotyping us, you foreigner!"

"We're generally polite, Darkness-senpai! Except senpai here… Especially when it comes to girls…"

Yeah, Rin's image of me was in tatters now.

Part 4

I looked at myself in the mirror, at the outfit I put on for the reunion. It was a green collared shirt with black jeans and white sneakers. I wanted to look presentable, but not like I was trying too hard to impress. The last thing I wanted to do was give off the impression that I was trying to make myself cooler than I really was back then.

When I went downstairs, Iris was trying to read a Japanese book. It was a relief to see that she wasn't just playing video games all day. She looked up from her book.

"Are you going out, onii-sama?"

"...Eh? What happened to onii-chan?"

I said, trying not to let the disappointment show through my voice, even though I was internally panicking.

"Well… Aqua nee-san said that onii-sama gets some kind of 'sick pleasure' from getting called onii-chan…"

"D-Don't listen to Aqua! She's a bad influence, after all!"

I was seriously considering banning Aqua from teaching Iris these things!

"...I'm gonna call you onii-sama from now on."

"My cute imouto is in her rebellious period, huh? That's kinda cute…"

"Maybe Aqua nee-san was right?!"

I accidentally gave Iris the wrong impression.

"I-I mean, it's fine for Iris to call me whatever you like, but I'd prefer to be called onii-chan…"

"Is there a specific reason?"

"...It's cuter."

"So Aqua nee-san was right?!"

Rin already got a terrible impression of me. I didn't want the same to happen to Iris, too!

"...You've got it wrong, Iris. You see, I had a bad relationship with my little brother until recently, so when I see you, I get the urge to treat you in the way I should have treated him…"

Iris's eyes softened.

"I see… So it was for a reason like that."

"Yes, nothing nefarious, as you can see."

"Then, does your little brother call you onii-chan now that you're back to being close again?"

"..."

Come to think of it, did Kazuto even call me in such an affectionate manner?

"A-Ah, well…"

"Be careful what you say, because I can just meet him and ask him later."

Was Iris always such a keen girl?!

Well, I suppose she was the leader of a whole resistance effort before all this.

"N-No, he doesn't…"

"So it's fine if I just call you onii-sama, right?"

"S-Sure…"

"Thanks for being so understanding, onii-sama!"

Damn it, Aqua!

I almost wanted to ditch the reunion and go hate fuck that girl now!

"Oh, onii-sama, where are you going, anyway? It must be a special occasion if you're dressing up."

"Ah… I'm seeing some schoolmates I haven't seen in a while…"

"I still don't completely understand the concept of a 'school', even though I'm supposed to be studying to enter one someday. Can you tell me more about what it's like?"

"Basically, you're kept in this building for multiple hours everyday and you're forced to do repetitive tasks you don't want to do. And if you're unlucky, you might also become the target of harassment by the other students."

"Is this a prison?!"

I gave Iris the image of a prison when describing a school.

Well, was I wrong to describe it like that?

"Isn't life just a prison, when you think about it? I suppose school is like a juvenile detention center that prepares you for the eternal prison that is human existence…"

"...For some reason, I don't believe you, onii-sama."

"Fuu… Fine, you'll see for yourself one day."

"Wait, if it's so bad, then why do I have to go?!"

"...Maybe if you still called me onii-chan, I wouldn't send you."

"That's so cruel! You can't use that against me!"

Teasing aside, I didn't want Iris to get such a fatalist view of school, when I was planning to enroll her in the future.

I mean, Aqua was already trying to discourage her before.

…Maybe I shouldn't have said all that.

To make her feel better, I said,

"...Well, a cute girl like Iris will thrive in school. You're also smart, so it's not like you'll struggle. Only dumb losers and those who are cursed with ugly features unfortunately don't do well in school…"

"Onii-sama, I want to say you're messing with me, but your tone of voice tells me that you actually believe that."

"Most human beings gravitate to a social hierarchy, after all."

"...I wonder what happened to onii-sama for you to develop such a grim outlook on humanity."

Well, I was about to confront that same catalyst in this reunion.

"Alright, I should get going now."

"Please bring me back some treats, onii-sama!"

"...Only if you call me onii-chan."

"If you want me to talk to you at all, you'll buy me some treats."

She's a shrewd girl, this one.

Your bond with Iris has deepened!

Iris (Sword Princess), Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, Iris trusts you to an extent. She stopped calling you onii-chan because of Aqua's influence. She still respects you and will listen to you, however, if you insist on her calling you onii-chan, her trust for you might wane a little.

Bond Reward: [One-Handed Sword] Rank-Up!

[One-handed Sword] Skill Rank: 2, Passive Skill

You are proficient in using swords that require one hand to wield. You gain +20% weapon accuracy with attacks using one-handed swords and +1 damage.

I promised to buy some treats for Iris, before going out of the mansion. I nodded to the soldiers stationed by the gates and went to the taxi that I ordered to pick me up. Now that I had money, I didn't feel like walking and commuting, especially since I had a lot on my mind as I went to the reunion.

When the taxi arrived, I paid the bill and stepped out. I went into the karaoke store and the receptionist greeted me and showed me to the room where the others were staying. I took a deep breath before opening the door and stepping inside.

It had only been a few years since I saw them, but there were those who had changed considerably and those who stayed exactly the same. Guys I was taller than before were now two heads taller than me, while others who towered over everyone never grew an inch since then. The girls were also a lot more feminine now. A lot of them had dyed hair and wore more makeup than before, as well as jewelry and other accessories.

Eyes turned to me, and for a moment, I thought that no one would recognize me, until they all smiled.

"Oh, Satou, good job on the inter-high tournament!"

"That was a good showing!"

"You were so cool on TV!"

And then I remembered that I was a soccer star now.

The same guy I faced in that match came up to me, drink in hand.

"Oh, you made it, Satou! Here, have a drink!"

I sniffed it and glared at him.

"Oi… There's alcohol in this."

"It's cool, one of the employees here is a senpai of ours and got us the good stuff!"

So irresponsible…

Well, I needed a drink, anyway.

I looked at the glass and remembered Aqua and Sena chugging beer every night.

It was my first taste, so I didn't know what to expect as I sipped it.

"...It's not bad. It's probably better with meat, though."

The taste was kind of average if I was just drinking it by itself.

"Eh? Have you already drunk before, Satou?"

Since I said something a veteran drunkard must say, I gave him the wrong impression.

"By the way, Ame-san is here!"

I flinched once I heard my childhood friend's name.

"...Did she come with anyone?"

"Eh? What do you mean… Oh, you're wondering if she's single? You sly dog, you!"

If she came with that delinquent senpai from before, I probably wouldn't be able to face her.

Not like I had anything against that senpai personally, but I just didn't want to relive that traumatic moment.

"Well, she came with her cousin, but that's probably fine, right?"

I breathed in relief and turned around to look for her.

I saw her talking to some girls. Her black hair was tied in the same twintail style as before, which she never seemed to outgrow. She was wearing a double-pocketed red frock without sleeves, as well as a black purse.

And then I saw him at her side, the delinquent senpai from before.

I paused in my tracks when I saw him.

I was about to turn around and just ditch this whole event, until I remembered what I just heard.

"...You said cousin, right?"

"Yeah? That's what she said."

"You mean, that guy over there?"

"Yup… Are your ears working right?"

"..."

"Oi, Satou? You there?"

Was that delinquent senpai really her cousin?

I mean, that didn't discount the fact that they were still in a relationship, since that kinda thing was legal here.

But the fact that I assumed she was playing around with some older delinquent, and that lead me to isolate myself…

"Satou?! Why are you hitting your head against the wall?!"

If that really was the case, I'd feel like a total idiot.

"...Eh? Kazuma, is that you?"

Ame said, calling out to me.

That familiar voice…

I turned around and faced her.

"...It is you! How have you been! You remember my cousin, right?"

The delinquent stood up. He was almost twice as tall as me and just as muscular.

He stepped up to me, an intense look in his eyes.

Before he broke out in a goofy smile.

"Hey, Kazuma! Remember me? You taught me how to ride a bike!"

I had a distinct memory of playing with one of Ame's cousins. He was a small kid with two front teeth missing, and he always had snot dripping out of his nose.

"There's no way that was you?!"

"Eh? Why is it so hard to believe?"

"Because you look like some damn delinquent, that's why?! Wait, you were older than me the whole time?!"

"Um… Yeah?"

"What the hell was an older kid doing asking a younger kid to teach him how to ride a bike?!"

"What's wrong with that?! I never owned a bike until that point!"
"You were so small back then, but you're so big now! And why the hell did you become a delinquent?! You were such a good kid back then!"

"I get that same speech from my mom every time, so can you knock it off?! Besides, you're the one drinking beer right now! Should I tell your mom?!"

To think this idiot was really that delinquent senpai!

My whole life was a lie.

That delinquent senpai who I thought cucked me was that same kid who I taught how to ride a bike?

It tormented me how he gave my childhood friend a ride on his bike, and I was the one who taught him how to ride it the whole time?!

"Um… Kazuma, you OK?"
Ame said, getting up to join her cousin as they looked at me in concern.

"...Hold on, I need another drink."

Now I knew why Aqua and Sena were addicted to this stuff.

Part 5

With enough drinks in me, the others managed to convince me to sing.

I ended up using [Versatile Entertainer].

"Fla, fla, fla, flamingo…!"

"Eh? Doesn't Satou sound exactly like Kenshi-san?!"

I managed to impress them by imitating a famous singer.

When I finished, I passed on the mic to the next guy and sat down on the couch.

"Wow, didn't know you could sing, Kazuma."

I looked at Ame, who sat down beside me.

"...It's one of my many hidden talents."

"Oh? You got others?"

"Yeah, I got an assortment of party tricks."

Thanks to Aqua.

She giggled, before looking at me inquisitively.

"You know, I didn't really know what happened to you after I moved out, except for the fact that you got into a famous uni-prep school. We never really kept in touch."

I glanced away guilty, knowing I was to blame for that. Me and my presumptuous ass.

"...Yeah, sorry."

"You're so mean, Kazuma! We even promised to marry each other, and all…"

"...You still remember that?"

She glanced away awkwardly, a slight blush on her cheeks.

"It's kinda stupid, right? I mean, it's a promise we made when we were kids. You probably didn't even take it that seriously."

I couldn't help it. I ended up laughing.

"Hey! I know it's stupid, but you don't have to laugh!"

"Sorry… I didn't mean to laugh…"

I was worrying about it this whole time, but it turned out that she was also wondering whether that promise was valid or not.

After thinking about how to put my thoughts into words, I said,

"Well… What if I took it seriously?"

She blinked, before chuckling and elbowing me.

"Oh, come on. You're just saying that to make me feel better about myself. I don't need your pity!"

I looked around and lowered my voice.

"...Can we talk somewhere more private?"

She tilted her head, but ended up nodding.

"Sure, we can do that."

She got up, prompting some questions from her friends. She just told them that she wanted to catch some fresh air with me, but a lot of them started wagging their brows.

"Oho… The first pair is gonna head out for some privacy now, huh?"

To them, it must have seemed like we were going to change venues, like to a love hotel or something.

"...It's not like that. And if any weird rumors come out, I'm gonna know who to blame."

Ame was pretty sharp-tongued. I guess that never changed.

We had just been drinking beer, so Ame went to a vending machine and got some juice to chase away the tipsiness. Then, we leaned against the entrance of the karaoke store, right underneath its glowing sign.

"So, what did you wanna talk about?"

She asked, glancing at me as she sipped her juice.

"Well… Did you really take that promise seriously, Ame?"

She looked up at the night sky covered by dull gray clouds.

"...Yeah, I did at the time."

So she did take it seriously at one point. That didn't mean that she was all set to marry me now, even after we reunited. Rather, that'd be rather strange, wouldn't it? We hadn't talked for the last couple years, so why would she even think about marrying me?

"I also took it seriously at the time."

She chuckled, turning to me with her head still leaning against the wall.

"Well, we were kids, so I guess that makes sense."

"...Do you still remember that spot we used to play in?"

"You mean the one overlooking the cliff?"

"Yeah."

We talked about all the stuff we used to do as kids. That naturally transferred to what we were doing now. Ame told me a bit about her school, her current friends. The more she talked, the more she seemed like a stranger to me. Her interests diversified from chasing cicadas and running around until our parents looked for us, to academic pursuits and concerns about her social standing in school. Her world widened. She had crushes, some of them were unrequited, some of them were fulfilled. She had her heart broken and broke hearts herself.

Rather than finding myself disappointed that she grew into someone I didn't even recognize anymore, I instead felt satisfied, happy that she seemed to be enjoying life.

In turn, I shared a bit of my own life with her, excluding the dungeon stuff. I told her about how I got into soccer, and even divulged how I was in a complicated situation in terms of relationships with multiple girls.

"Wow, Kazuma, you sure grew into a player, huh?!"

"...Is that such a surprise?"

"Well, you were really shy in middle school, but you were really charming as a kid, so I'm not that surprised? I mean, I did promise to marry you for a reason."

"...I guess I became a bit more insecure during middle school, huh?"

Even before the delinquent senpai misunderstanding, I was rather reserved in school. I didn't make many friends, if at all, and kept to myself. I wondered why that was? Like Ame said, it wasn't like I was born as an introvert, and I was never the type to withdraw into myself as a kid.

"Sometimes that's just the way it is. We go through phases in life. Sometimes, it's not even a phase, 'coz it lasts your whole life. But I think it's fine, as long as you're satisfied with the way you're living life right now."

As long as I'm satisfied, huh?

I already accepted that there was a certain element of happiness that came with that time I spent as a NEET, playing games all day.

I did meet my friends from the guild, and Dark+Angel. I wouldn't say that the time I spent with them was a waste of time.

But I moved on from that time in my life, just like how Ame and I progressed from when we were children, spending all day playing in the mountains.

The fact of the matter is that things change.

I looked at Ame now. I still found myself enjoying chatting with her, just like I did before. But did I feel the same spark I felt when I was bantering with Aqua, or did she change my entire outlook like Megumin did? Did I find her as adorable as Yunyun, or did I want to protect her with all I had like I did with Rin? Did I feel proud of her as I did with Darkness, when she made all those improvements?

I couldn't really say I did. At the same time, I felt like it was kind of a waste to pursue a casual relationship with Ame, like I did with Dark+Angel. She's still my childhood friend, at the end of the day. Perhaps these feelings will change, especially once we spend more time with each other after this. But the point is that the whole concept that my life was some kind of tragedy because of my broken promise with Ame, seemed so ridiculous now, especially after I found out about the misunderstanding.

And even if she did go back on our promise, I still liked talking to her, right? I still wanted to be her friend. Even if she was dating someone else, or married someone else, if I was really her friend, I'd be happy for her.

"Yeah, I'm satisfied."

I said, after a long deliberation.

"Good, I'm happy!"

"And I'm happy you're happy."

"...Well, I'm even happier that you're happy!"

We'd get competitive about the silliest things sometimes. I guess that also never changed.

"We should hang out sometime after this, Kazuma. Give me your LINE!"

"Sure. Just don't text me too much."

"Meanie!"

Obsessing about promises, blaming Ame for my own insecurities and self-hatred, I'll never fall into that trap again.

Everyone I meet, every friend I make, I will always treasure them, no matter how much time has passed.

And if we ever drift apart, we'll surely meet again, whether it's on a flowery cliffside, in the boonies…

Or in a karaoke store, somewhere in Tokyo.

Part 6

"Bwahaha! Kazuma, you're drunk aren't you?"

Aqua said, when she saw me stumbling into the mansion.

I drank some more after that chat with Ame, so Aqua noticed my state right away.

"...Kazuma-san, you shouldn't drink… hic…"

That protest didn't sound too convincing from Sena, who was also very drunk.

"Ahh… Shut up… Got room for one more?"

"Ohhh! You're finally gonna man up, huh? Let's drink the night away, Kazuma!"

They made room for me as Aqua poured me some sake.

"This is pretty good…!"

I said, once I took a sip.

"It's good with these edamame, too!"

Aqua said, serving me like she was some kind of hostess.

While we were drinking, Mitsurugi came down wearing a sweater and jogging pants. It looked like he was about to go out on a jog or a trip to the dungeon.

"...What are you doing with them, Satou?"

He said, looking at us with a disapproving stare.

"Hahhh…? Don't judge us, Kyouya! In fact, shouldn't you come here to have a drink with us?!"

"...Aqua-sama, you're a goddess, so I wish you wouldn't act like that."

I felt like Mitsurugi was getting even more disillusioned about his crush.

"What does being a goddess have to do with anything?! Look, Sena here is a decorated police officer in her twenties who still doesn't have a man, or children, despite nearing the age of expiration, but she's drinking with us! Anyone can drink, you know?!"

"...Aqua-san, are you trying to pick a fight with me?"

Sena said, looking up from her glass to glare at Aqua.

"Did I say something untrue?"

"So that's what you've been thinking about me all this time, huh?! I thought we were drinking buddies!"

"I was just being honest! Hey, not the hair!"

While those two were fighting, I turned to Mitsurugi and said,

"Haven't you drank before? You're a normie, so I thought you would have drunk at a mixer, or something."

"...Aren't you assuming too much about 'normies'? Well, I did actually drink before."

"See? You're a living stereotype."

"Oh? You wanna fight, too?"

Mitsurugi ended up joining us.

Soon, we were all laughing at some shitty joke Aqua said.

While we were laughing, Iris came down in her pajamas, perhaps to see what all the noise was.

"...!!! The drunkards increased! Are all the adults here no-good drunkards?!"

Seeing my cute imouto react like that to me managed to sober me up on the spot.

"No, no, Iris… I'm just here as a chaperone to make sure Mitsurugi here doesn't try anything with these ladies…"

"Satou, shouldn't I be the one saying that about you?! Also, Iris-sama, please don't listen to him! In the first place, I don't know why you're seeing Satou here as a role model figure! Please, anyone but him!"

"Eh? Um… Should I look at Aqua nee-san as my role model instead?"

"...I hate to say it, but Satou is probably better."

Yeah, I think he was quickly starting to become disillusioned. Especially as Aqua was now drooling on the countertop.

"Oh, by the way, did you get my treats, onii-sama?"

"Yes, I did! Here, you can have them~!"

"...I'll accept them tomorrow, thank you. You smell like booze right now."

She really was in her rebellious period, huh?

Or maybe she just hates me.

…

…

Once we were done with our drinking session, I made my way upstairs.

However, that proved quite a challenge with how drunk I was.

"...I need to piss."

I said, heading to the nearest bathroom.

Only to see it was locked.

There were lots of other bathrooms in the mansion, but I really needed to go now.

"[Steal]."

I stole the mechanisms of the lock and threw it aside, opening the door.

"...?! Kazuma?! What are you doing here?!"

Megumin said, as she was sitting on the toilet.

I felt like this happened before.

"Move. I need to piss."

"I need to do my business, too?!"

Yeah, this definitely happened before.

"Just warning you, Kazuma. My strength has increased even more, and I'm not afraid to summon my exploding staff!"

This girl learned her lesson from last time.

"Fine, I'll just piss in the bathtub."

But I also learned my lesson from last time!

"Hah?! Why do I have to listen to you piss beside me?!"

"If you don't intend to move aside, then just shut up and put your hands over your ears!"

"Make sure the water is running, OK?!"

And so, ensued another awkward bathroom moment with Megumin and me.

Once we were finished, we went out into the hallway.

"...By the way, Kazuma, you reek of alcohol."

She said, pinching her nose.

"I had a lot to drink at my middle school reunion, and I also drank with Aqua and the others."

"You're becoming even more deplorable, huh? I'm sure Darkness will be ecstatic."

"...She's been well-behaved recently, so I actually don't want her to regress."

"Then you better shape up! …About the reunion, did you see your childhood friend?"

She said, her tone becoming more gentle.

I nodded while rubbing the back of my neck.

"Yeah…"

"How did that turn out?"

"Well, it seems like I'm a bit of a dumbass."

"Just a bit?"

"OK, maybe a lot."

"...It must have been truly idiotic for you to admit that."

"Well, it seems the whole delinquent senpai thing was a misunderstanding."

"Eh?'

"Turns out it was just her cousin giving her a ride home."

"...Well, it's fine. You couldn't have known."

"I actually knew her cousin and even taught him how to ride a bike."

"Yeah, you're stupid."

I didn't complain as Megumin insulted me with a blank look on her face.

"Seriously? All of that and it was just you being jealous over nothing?"

I blushed, looking away from her.

"I'm not proud of it, OK?!"

"Well… I'm still proud of you, Kazuma."

She smiled, resting her forehead against the side of my arm.

"..."

I tried not to think about it again.

But Vanir did tell me that Megumin was the one I ended up with in most worlds.

Again, I could see why that was the case.

"T-Thanks… Megumin…"

"...You sure struggled to say that, huh?"

"I'm still kinda new to this opening up to people stuff."

"Here's the secret, Kazuma. Most people struggle with that."

"Hah?! Then why am I expected to open myself up this much?!"

"Because I want you to? Because I find you really cute when you open up?"

She said, giving me a sweet smile as she looked up at me.

This girl…

She always had a way of making me feel alive, feel unbelievably happy, while also wanting to hide myself in a hole.

"Good job, Kazuma."

"Thanks…"

I guess she really is my soulmate.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JOJOBRN, OtroWey and 327 others
BoringBone
Jan 6, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 37: A Zombie Attack For These Soldiers!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Jan 19, 2025
Add bookmark
#865
Chapter 37: A Zombie Attack For These Soldiers!

Part 1

"Oh! You sure are improving a lot, Dustiness-senpai."

Lia-san said, complimenting Darkness on her improvement.

…Although 'improvement' might be a bit of an exaggeration.

Darkness wiped the sweat from her brow as she set the naginata down.

"Um, am I really improving?"

Even Darkness herself couldn't believe Lia's praise.

"Well… Compared to how you were before…"

Lia-san left it at that.

The captain rubbed his chin.

"Hmm… There's a competition coming up. Do the newbies want to apply for it?"

"Yeah, I don't mind."

I said, confidently.

As for Darkness…

"T-There's no way I can do it at my skill level!"

At least she was aware of her limitations.

Rather, it was impossible not to be aware of them.

You'd have to be Aqua levels of dense for that to happen.

I leaned over to whisper to her.

"Oi, our stats will probably rise a lot if we enter a competition."

"...I'll just be publicly humiliated."

I stared at her blankly.

"Why are we even pretending as if you don't live for that?"

"We've been over this so many times! I have my limits, and it's not like my fetish applies to every single aspect of my life! I'm not gonna humiliate myself in a new school, in front of my club senpai!"

"...Just do it. You're never gonna improve at this point."

She sighed, but she knew I was right.

"F-Fine…"

I turned to Lia-san and the captain.

"We're both completely fine with competing!"

"...Dustiness-senpai doesn't seem too happy about it."

Lia-san said, pointing at Darkness.

I smiled and wrapped my arm around Darkness, pinching her discreetly.

Darkness smiled through gritted teeth as I pinched her hard.

"...I'm looking forward to it."

"You clearly aren't."

The captain clapped his hands together.

"Great! I'm sure we'll have a good showing this year!"

"How do we normally do in competitions, anyway?"

There were only two members before Darkness and I joined, so I didn't have high expectations.

"Lia and I score very well, despite the size of our club. We'll probably suffer score wise with two rookies joining."

"Ehh?! Aren't we total liabilities?!"

Darkness said, staring at the captain in disbelief.

I was also surprised that he'd even sacrifice his results just to accommodate us rookies.

He gave us a thumbs up.

"It's not like I care about that stuff! I just want you rookies to get some good experience!"

This guy… He was an amazing senpai, wasn't he?!

Lia-san sighed and shrugged.

"...I'm not sure about sacrificing our club's reputation, but I don't care about my scores, either. I'm just doing this for the love of the sport."

What exemplary club members.

Meanwhile, I was just doing this to raise my stats, while I was waiting for soccer club activities to return.

I felt kinda bad for the difference in enthusiasm.

…

…

After that conversation, Darkness got motivated to return to the dungeon.

"...I can't let my senpai down!"

She said, before charging at a goblin.

"You're too excited. Calm down."

I said as she blushed after completely missing the mark.

While Darkness was doing her thing on the first floor, I went to my garden to apply the monster deterrent Wiz gave me.

Thankfully, the deterrent didn't keep me away as well, since I was the one who used it. I suppose it wasn't a completely defective item.

After I applied the deterrent all over the fence, I looked at my plants.

"That's right, grow well, my darlings."

I was getting strangely fond of my plants.

Since I was already close to the pond, I also chose to fish.

When I thought I caught something, I pulled the rod.

Only to find a boot with metal studs on it.

"Hmm… This seems to be high-level equipment from the higher floors, Kazuma-san."

Appuri-chan explained to me.

"Don't tell me it's that same idiot!"

"It could be!"

This was the last straw for me.

I teleported to the fourth floor and looked for Mary.

"Oh, Kazuma-san, hello again."

She said, while she was looking at her nails. Somehow, she managed to paint them pink.

"...That crazy app-user who is dropping high level loot everywhere, have you seen him recently?"

"Yeah. I actually talked to him just now. You just missed him."

So he was on this floor, huh?!

"Where did that jackass go?!"

"...I kinda don't wanna tell you since you have that scary look on your face."

"Don't tell me you befriended that guy…"

She glanced away, scratching her cheek.

"What, I can't make friends?"

"...If you help me look for him, I won't beat him up too much."

"Hah? What makes you confident you can even beat him? You're only on the fourth floor, while he's from the high-level floors!"

"I'm the hero who beat four demon king generals as of now! I'm a big shot, got it?! I'm not scared of some punk!"

She sighed, not willing to argue with me.

"Fine, I'll get in my pot."

She climbed into the pot with soil we used to transfer her. Then, I picked her up and carried her to the Brutal Alligator area.

"...Wait, how do I cross this place without Aqua?"

I said, remembering the debuffs I'd get from entering the filthy water.

Not to mention the potential diseases.

Mary grinned, shrugging her shoulders.

"Guess you gotta give up."

"...Never!"

Not when I'm so close to confronting that guy!

I thought about the most efficient way to travel across the swamp, but it was hard to top the heli idea.

Eventually, what I came up with was…

I gathered a bunch of dead wood near the entrance and used [Smithing] to create a sail boat.

Once Mary and I got on…

"[Wind Breath]! [Charge Spell]!"

I charged up wind breath to propel myself at a fast speed across the filthy water.

"Whoa! This is pretty fun!"

Mary said, as we shot through the swamp, wind blasting around us.

"Grrr…!"

The Brutal Alligators were attracted by the movement and attacked us.

A lot of them surrounded us, fangs revealed, ready to tear me to pieces.

"[Freeze Gust]!"

I froze the swamp water around the Brutal Alligators, preventing them from attacking us.

Mary looked impressed.

"Hmm… Maybe you really are as good as you say."

"Heh… You shouldn't have doubted me."

"...Don't get a big head."

She said, when I started showing off.

Your bond with Mary has deepened!

Mary (Tranquility Girl), Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, Mary is starting to become impressed with your capabilities. She is willing to obey more of your commands, although she doesn't completely trust you yet. She does trust you to help her survive in the dungeon, but beyond that, she is still quite cautious of you. Putting your trust on Mary even more will deepen your bond.

Bond Reward: You learn the [Growth] skill!

[Growth], Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Your stat cap limit now exceeds 100 even without an advanced class. At rank 1, your limit for all stats increases by 10.

Part 2

I left the boat at the entrance to the next floor and carried Mary to it, pot in hand.

Cautiously, I opened the door and stepped inside.

I felt a surge of relief as I saw the familiar stone walls and floors.

"No more of that stinky swamp!"

"I didn't really mind the smell."

"...Do you even have a sense of smell, Mary?"

"Of course I do!"

I placed her against the wall.

"Alright, you know the routine. Start mapping out this floor. Oh, but before that, look for that app-user if he's still on this floor!"

"So demanding… Fine…"

She sighed and leaned against the wall, letting her roots embed themselves in it.

I watched as the roots quickly spread through the walls.

"Oh? Seems like it's faster than last time."

"Fufu… I'm a genius, after all."

"Careful. You'll end up like Aqua if you're always arrogant like that."

"You mean, like you?"

"Don't compare me to Aqua ever again if you know what's good for you."

Sensing that I actually felt offended by that, Mary closed her mouth and focused on her task.

Eventually, her eyes widened.

"Ah, he's still here! …Actually, I think he's in a bit of trouble."

"Eh? I thought he was a high-level app-user?"

"I'm not sure how, but he got caught by some female orcs."

"Hah?!"

So there were also female orcs on this floor…

The fact that they'd be stronger than previous floors made me hesitate to confront them.

But at the same time, I didn't want this guy to meet a gruesome fate.

"Fine, tell me where he is."

Mary gave me some directions, then I headed over to rescue that troublesome guy.

I followed Mary's directions as accurately as I could, but I only ended up in an empty hallway.

"Hmm… Where are they?"

I was about to move on, until I heard a faint, muffled scream behind the wall to my right.

I then remembered how the kobolds were hiding in tunnels on the walls.

Sure enough, when I knocked on the wall, I heard that it was hollow.

I looked around everywhere for some kind of clue, poking Chunchunmaru all throughout the wall for some kind of secret button.

Until I happened to hear a click.

Then, the wall slid to the side, revealing an entrance.

So it was some kind of female orc secret base.

I snuck inside the tunnel, and found myself in a spacious cavern. It was a lot like the kobold community, a cavern area with tents and tools in it. Many Female Orcs were gathered around a campfire, and I saw a log arrested on the ground, held up horizontally. There was a Japanese teenage boy tied up on that log, and he was kicking his legs around. He was only down in his underwear.

"Kieee?! Please let me go, I haven't done it with a girl, yet?!"

He cried, pure despair in his voice.

A female orc smiled, drooling from the corner of her lips.

"Ehh… But I'm a girl, aren't I, hubby~?"

"Why are you already calling me hubby?! I'm not your hubby! And you barely qualify as a girl!"

"You're right… Because soon, I'll be a woman! Be mine, hubby!"

"Nooooo?!"

Before a horrific scene could take place, I summoned an ice arrow and loaded it up into my bow.

"[Rapid Shot]!"

I then proceeded to fire multiple arrows one after another at a quick pace, felling multiple orcs at the same time.

However, with that, the element of surprise was gone and there were still a lot of them left.

"Sniff… Sniff… Oh?! I smell the scent of another man!"

"Over there! There's a good-looking onii-san over there!"

"Hey there, cutie! Want a quickie with me? Or we can go much longer, if you want~!"

The tied up app-user saw me and said,

"Y-You there! I'll give you whatever you want, so please save me! I'm begging you!"

I was intending on saving him anyway, so I put my bow away with a voice command to Appuri-chan.

With all of these orcs against me, I needed a boost in power, fast.

It was time to use that skill I learned from my max bond rank with Mitsurugi.

"[Lightning]!"

After a bolt of lightning appeared in front of me, I absorbed its magical energy.

"[Rune Warrior]!"

I took on the characteristics of lightning magic itself.

Electricity cackled around my body, which let out a radiant, golden glow.

The female orcs surrounded me.

"Appuri-chan, spear!"

"Spear is coming out!"

I brought out the spear of thunder and kept the orcs away with a wide-arcing [Side Slash].

Sparks of electricity leapt out from the spear and hit the orcs attempting to attack me as I struck them. They cried in pain and fell down, black, electric burn marks all over their skin. There was a scent like burnt bacon in the air.

While looking at the electricity all around me, I decided to try something.

"[Control Spell]!"

I channeled the electricity around my feet, making it propel me forwards with a blast of electromagnetic force.

The experiment worked. It was almost like I disappeared in a flash of speed and appeared in front of a group of surprised orcs.

"[Power Slash]! [Side Slash]!"

I combined my warrior skills with the lightning magic, instantly cutting through the orcs with a spear that not only blew them back with a thunderous blow, but also fried them with lightning magic.

The orcs started to panic once they saw me mowing them down.

"L-Let's retreat! Grab that first man and let's go!"

"Eeeek?! Help meee?!"

They decided to cut their losses and escape.

As soon as the orcs picked up that guy, I decided to throw my spear at them.

It didn't hit, but the orcs were blown back when the spear hit the ground and they were electrocuted as well.

"Owww! Oi, you're getting me in the attack, too!"

"Sorry, but it's better than being those orcs playthings, right?"

I said, running over to untie him.

While he was rubbing his wrists, I knelt down and absorbed mana from the floor with [Drain Touch], then returned the spear to my inventory.

"There's still a lot of them left, so we have to escape."

I told him, to which he nodded, not even arguing.

"Yeah, let's do that! Quick!"

He was eager to leave.

I couldn't blame him.

"Whoa, what are you doing?!"

He said, when I picked him up princess carry style.

"...I hate doing this to a guy, too, but just shut up and swallow your pride! Unless you want to be an orc's boy toy for your whole life!"

"P-Please rescue me, my prince!"

"There's no need for that! Just shut up and don't make this any weirder than it has to be!"

With him in my arms, I channeled more lightning into my feet.

Then dashed with lightning trailing behind me as I made my way to the entrance.

The orcs couldn't possibly all spill out of the tunnel, so I ran straight to the entrance heading to the fourth floor.

There were faint, desperate cries from the orcs as they futilely tried to chase after us.

"Don't steal my hubby from meeee!"

I ignored those cries as I shut the door.

Part 3

"Thank you so much for saving me!"

The guy hugged me as we travelled through the swamp area with the sailboat.

I pushed him off me.

"...How did you end up in that situation, anyway? You should be stronger than those orcs."

"They managed to trap me…"

"Don't tell me you got seduced."

"Do you really think I'm desperate enough to be seduced by those orcs?! They tricked me! I was just walking through that floor when I heard voices beyond the wall! They sounded like girls in danger!"

"Hah? There's so many monsters here that can speak like humans, so how did you fall for that?"

"Well, that's the thing. They told their names to me, and they were Japanese names. They even told me they were from Tokyo."

If the orcs did that to me, I doubt I could have seen through their lie. I guess I couldn't really blame him.

"...How did the orcs learn so much about us?"

"Probably from their victims."

I shuddered, imagining how the orcs got that information.

This was bad. The intelligent monsters were starting to learn more about their prey.

Power differences aside, even someone as strong as Mitsurugi could be deceived and captured if he lets his guard down.

"There must be a way to differentiate a monster's voice from a human's. In fact, it's not like they can even speak Japanese, the app is just translating their words for us."

He nodded, rubbing his chin.

"Usually, you can tell when the app is translating someone's words, since the voice doesn't often match the way their lips are moving."

I noticed that as well, when I first talked to Darkness, when I met her and Chris in the dungeon while they were fighting those slimes.

To think that this issue would arise from the way the translation feature worked…

"I'll figure out how to deal with that. In the meantime… Oi, you're the one leaving all those high-level gear in the lower floors, right?!"

"Ah, did you benefit from my charity work? You're welcome!"

"Hell no! Stop doing that! Don't you realize that the monsters are picking up your gear since you just leave it around in random areas?!"

"I-I didn't realize. I don't really fight the monsters in the lower floors…"

How irresponsible was this guy?!

"Anyway, stop doing that."

"Sorry… I just wanted to be like those YouTubers who give away free things to strangers."

What a weird thing to aspire to.

"If you really wanna help out, then why are you just leaving items around in random places? Just leave them by the teleporter, because it seems like monsters don't go to those areas!"

"That makes sense, actually…"

It made me sigh, the fact that he didn't even think about that.

To show him an example, I used [Smithing] to create a box near the teleporter for the fourth floor. We also labelled the box as a 'community box', where high-level players can leave equipment they don't want anymore.

"So, you can leave some items here now."

I said, once the box was constructed.

"...Well, the orcs stole the gear I was wearing, so I don't have any now."

I couldn't handle spending another second with this guy anymore.

…

…

I went back to the first floor to look for Darkness.

She finished her training session and went to the Giant Toad area to spend time with her adoptive toad, Pocky.

"How's Pocky-chan doing?"

I said, while watching Pocky nuzzling against Darkness, who looked fondly at the toad.

"She's doing well! She seems a bit hungry, though…"

I looked at Pocky's frame and noticed it was slimmer than the other Giant Toads.

There were Giant Insects all around, after Chris gathered some eggs at her own time and repopulated the insect population in the Giant Toad area.

"I don't get it, there's plenty of food around here…"

"I observed her, and Pocky doesn't seem interested in the Giant Insects."

Maybe because she was raised like a human, she developed finer tastes from the other toads.

To collaborate this idea, when one of her peers extended its tongue out to grab a Giant Insect, Pocky-chan seemed to turn her head away in disgust and contempt.

…What a spoiled child.

"So, I guess we need to find another source of food just for our picky child here…"

Darkness blushed, glancing at the grass under us.

"Kazuma… If you say it like that, it sounds like she's our daughter and we're both her parents…"

"Y-You just had to make it weird, huh?!"

"J-Just ignore what I said!"

We were both blushing at this point.

Food… Aside from insects, what would a Giant Toad eat?

It seemed that they had quite an omnivorous diet, as they ate everything from Green Onions to humans and insects. Aqua even told me they ate livestock in the other world.

"I guess we'll just have to present a bunch of different things to see what she'll eat."

"It seems like it…"

And so, Darkness and I scavenged the first floor to look for some food.

I went back to the pond and fished, returning to the activity I was focusing on before I fished up that boot.

Once I caught a couple fishes, I walked around and encountered a goblin.

Not discounting that she might like to eat a goblin, I used [Bind] to capture it.

Then I also gathered some critters, making sure not to take too many like Megumin did, and also gathered some Green Onions.

When I returned to the Giant Toad area, Darkness eyed the tied up goblin I held.

"Kazuma… Do you really think our daughter will like that?!"

She said, looking offended at the goblin I dropped before Pocky.

Since when were we the parents of that toad?

"What's the matter? Her mother likes goblins a lot, right?"

Darkness blushed to her ears in shame.

"My Pocky-chan is pure unlike her mother!"

So she admitted that she was impure herself.

However, Darkness seemed to have a point, since Pocky-chan turned her head away dismissively from the goblin.

"See? I told you!"

"Yeah, yeah… Let's just see what else she will eat."

We presented the other options to her, but this picky brat rejected all of them.

Until she saw the Green Onion.

She let out a happy sound and her tongue snatched the Green Onion and she ate it.

"Ohhh! I guess it makes sense that Pocky-chan likes Green Onions, since she was raised to eat them!"

Darkness said, rubbing Pocky-chan's head as she ate the bundle of Green Onions.

"...The only problem is that we can't grow Green Onions anymore around here, or the other Giant Toads will get too big. They're not tamed like Pocky-chan."

That was the only reason we cut off the original supply of Green Onions and reintroduced the Giant Insects here.

"Maybe we can just make an enclosure for Pocky-chan? To keep her away from the other toads?"

Darkness suggested, as if she was bringing up the idea of homeschooling her daughter.

There really isn't a big enough blockade we can use to keep the other Giant Toads out. They're not small like they were before.

"Hmm… Then what should we do?"

After a few minutes, I got an idea.

"Ah, how 'bout this? We transfer her to the goblin area."

"Kazuma… I already told you that she doesn't wanna eat a goblin, right?"

Darkness gave me quite the accusatory look. Her protective, motherly instincts were sure on fire right now.

"Just hear me out first. We have good relations with the goblins in that forest, right? We can just have them take care of Pocky-chan and feed her Green Onions that we harvest. Pocky-chan isn't interested in goblins, anyway, so it's not like she'll eat them. And those goblins know that we can just annihilate them all if they harm Pocky-chan in any way."

"I suppose that's true… Ah, but I'm so nervous about leaving her to others!"

"Just think of this as sending your child to daycare."

"I don't think a goblin tribe counts as daycare…"

It took a while to convince her, but Darkness eventually relented, since we didn't have other alternatives.

There was just one problem, though.

"...How do we transfer Pocky-chan to the forest?"

It wasn't like she could fit through the tunnels.

"Eh? It was your idea, Kazuma!"

She was quick to pin the blame on me.

"Relax. Let's call Yunyun and see if her teleportation works on a monster."

"Don't call my daughter a monster."

Her maternal instincts sure were on overdrive.

"Well, let's take care of that another day. It's not like we can call Yunyun here whenever we want, just so we can make use of her teleportation."

I wanted to learn that spell someday, although I knew that it was a rather high level spell.

Part 4

Darkness and I walked home after taking care of Pocky-chan's relocation.

"...I must say, walking home like this is quite the experience."

She said, while looking around at the evening scenery creeping in, shadows lengthening as people hurried home. Cellphone screens illuminated the faces of passerby and street lamps casted a pale radiance on their slouched backs.

"How is it an experience? It happens everyday."

"I guess it's different where I'm from? I did not walk home, as my family's driver would always pick me up from school, or my other appointments."

"I get it, you're quite the ojou-sama. Stop showing off already, you privileged aristocrat."

"I'm not showing off! And I'm not an aristocrat!"

"It sure feels like it!"

"S-So what if I'm rich?! Do you forget that you're rich now too?!"

"Don't compare my new money to your old money! Who knows how many people your lineage screwed over to get those riches!"

"T-That's an unfair assumption! I'll have you know the Dustiness clan has a very well respected history!"

"According to who, your bookkeepers?"

"My father says they're trustworthy sources!"

Lately, I had been arguing with Darkness at the same frequency as I did with Aqua.

Whether that was a sign of us getting closer or drifting further apart is up to interpretation.

When we arrived at the mansion, we saw Sena waiting for us.

"What's the matter, Sena? Wanna drink again?"

After that night, I developed quite a liking for alcohol.

"...Maybe later. We have news about the surveillance, Kazuma-san."

Darkness raised a brow.

"What's this about?"

It just occurred to me that I didn't tell anyone else about this.

I told Darkness about our cemetery stakeout, then Sena brought us to a van outside containing a group of agents keeping watch over the operation.

They saluted to me, then said,

"Sir, there is a gathering right now, and there are many app-users in attendance."

Just like the agent said, on the screen there was quite the sizable group of app-users surrounding a figure dressed in a cloak.

We listened to what they were saying.

"...Thank you all for coming again. Now, let us not waste any time. Share any intel you gathered on Satou Kazuma."

They were looking for me?

I guess this just confirmed that this person was part of the Demon King army.

To my surprise, I saw Dust was in attendance. I watched him step up and raise his hand.

"Um… I'm new here, but I actually know Kazuma. He frequents the succubus shop I go to."

"What is that traitor saying?!"

I almost punched the screen in a fit of rage when I saw Dust revealing my information.

The robed figure looked confused.

"...Succubus shop? What's that?"

Dust was about to respond, but he stopped. The robed figure sighed in displeasure.

"...The control is slipping. I guess I have to do this again."

She lifted her skirt and showed Dust quite the spectacular sight, revealing her black lace panties and her bare thighs.

"...This looks important. Zoom in. Enhance."

I said, instructing the agents.

Sena and Darkness gave me a blank stare.

"Kazuma… Now's not the time to get excited."

Who was I to deny a free strip show?

I didn't really know what happened, but after that peep show, Dust suddenly started speaking.

"I'll answer you right away, Serena-sama! The succubus shop is home to succubi from our original world! They provide dreams to customers for a fee!"

"Interesting… To think that succubi from our world showed up there as well… Wait, are you from the same world as me?"

"Yup! Look, I got an Axel Town guild card and everything."

This guy was telling her everything now.

"Is that pervert really betraying us just 'coz she showed him her panties?!"

"Kazuma, why are you acting like you're above such things?"

"I'm not that desperate!"

Sena watched the scene with a thoughtful look.

"I'm not sure why so many app-users would betray us, though. And we even achieved victory in the last conflict."

"They were obviously seduced by that lady with the amazing choice in underwear."

"...Are you sure you weren't the one who was seduced?"

Even Sena was beginning to doubt me.

She did bring up a good point, though. And it wasn't like all of those app-users were horny men. There were some girls there.

…Well, maybe they swung that way.

There wasn't really any point in speculating, so we simply took note of all the app-users who attended the meeting.

After that, I texted Chris and told her about what we learned.

Darkness saw me texting her friend and said,

"If you two are going to do some investigation, can I come?"

"...Do you enjoy being useless?"

"What did you say?!"

"It's not like you're built for stealth or scouting missions, so why even ask?!"

"So it's just gonna be you and Chris… I'm kind of jealous."

"Who are you jealous of?"

I couldn't tell if she was jealous of Chris because she got to spend time with me, or the other way around.

"Well, I haven't hung out with Chris lately."

So it was the yuri route.

"I'll tell her to hangout with you when I see her, how 'bout that?"

"...That makes me sound desperate."

"Oh, you aren't?"

Sena split us apart before we could argue even more.

"By the way… What was that succubus shop that the person in the recording mentioned? He also said that Kazuma-san frequents there."

"...?!!"

As expected of a police officer, she sure picked up on that quickly.

"...I don't really know what he was talking about."

"You know, Kazuma-san, we could always make use of a lie detector…"

"Ahh…! I got a message from Chris, I should address this!"

I stepped aside as soon as Chris gave me a timely response to my text.

Based on the information I gave her, Chris decided that we should interrogate Dust.

I didn't want to reveal the existence of the succubus shop to Chris as well, so I gave her some vague instructions to meet me in the red light district to spring a trap for Dust.

"Ah, I gotta get going now!"

"Kazuma-san… You're obviously hiding something…"

I didn't respond to Sena as I hurriedly left the mansion grounds to meet Chris.

Part 5

When I saw Chris, I noticed that she looked pretty nervous. I also almost didn't recognize her at the start, since she was wearing a long coat and a hat.

"...What's with the outfit? We're in the middle of summer."

I said, eyeing the coat.

"Yeah, I'm kind of dying… But I don't want to be seen entering this kind of area!"

So she was embarrassed about entering the red light district.

I put my hand on her neck and used [Freeze].

"Eeep! What was that for?!"

"If you're not gonna take off the coat, we need to cool you down somehow."

"At least give me some warning! Fine… I'll take off the coat."

She placed the coat into her inventory, then said,

"So… What are we gonna do?"

I didn't want to lead her to the succubus shop, so I suggested scoping around the red light district until we came across Dust.

"Do we really need to walk around in this kinda place…?"

She said, warily looking around at the seedy attractions all around us, at bars, hostess clubs and soaplands, not to mention the love hotels.

She looked away from a love hotel after we passed it.

I grinned at her.

"Oh? Are you curious about those?"

"Of course not!"

"Ehh… You seemed to like all the stuff we did before, though…"

"Don't remind me!"

I placed my arm around her.

"Come on now, Big Boss! Don't be shy! You know I'm up to fool around whenever you want!"

"...Kazuma-kun… You sure can say the most ridiculous stuff with a straight face."

She didn't move away from my arm, though.

I wanted to tease her some more, but we did have a task to focus on.

Using [Farsight], I looked around the area for Dust.

Soon, I saw his blond hair among the crowd. Sure enough, he was heading to the succubus shop.

"There's our guy."

"That's him…? He looks like the bad sort."

"Yeah, that's about right."

We went over to Dust to confront him. I placed a hand on his shoulder, pulling him back.

"Hah?! Wanna pick a fight, punk?! Oh, it's you, Kazuma. Great, I've been looking for you!"

"You've been looking for me, huh?"

"Yeah, I want you to meet someone! Got time right now?"

"...Who is this person?"

He grinned lecherously and leaned over to me.

"A really hot girl wants to meet you! That's great, right?"

This was the most obvious trap ever.

He finally noticed Chris and said,

"Oh? Who's this guy?"

Since Chris was wearing a hat and had a rather lean figure, not to mention her short hair, she was mistaken as a guy.

I didn't want Dust to start hitting on Chris, so I moved the subject back.

"Ah, just a friend. So, this girl… Tell me more about her."

"Her name's Serena and she's so hot! You gotta meet her!"

"Uh-huh… And does this girl happen to be a member of the Demon King army, perhaps?"

He blinked, then looked at the both of us.

Before turning around and running away.

"Ahh…! This guy is trying to run! Go after him!"

I said, as Chris and I ran in pursuit.

He ducked into a dark alleyway. I used [Night Vision] to navigate my way and lead Chris.

After some running, we managed to trap Dust in a dead end.

"...Alright, Dust, time to give up and tell me why you betrayed us. We know about your meeting in the cemetery."

"Tsk… Serena-sama ordered me to defeat anyone who knows about the meeting, sorry about this, pal."

He leaned over and grabbed a metal pipe from the wall, displaying his strength as he ripped it off.

Before giving him the chance to attack, Chris and I glanced at each other and nodded.

"[Bind]!"

"[Steal]!"

We didn't waste any time in trying to subdue him.

The pipe disappeared from his hands and went to mine, and the rope securely went around his torso.

But just when I thought he was captured…

"Gack!"

He suddenly leaped towards Chris and kneed her in the stomach.

"...?!"

I was so shocked seeing Chris fall to her knees, that I could barely defend with my arms as Dust hit me with a calf kick.

"...!"

I staggered back, unable to stand upright after that devastating kick.

"Spear!"

"Spear mode!"

Appuri-chan summoned my spear, and I used it to keep Dust away from Chris and I.

He rolled his eyes when he saw the spear.

"Out of all the weapons you could have used, you shouldn't have picked that."

I ignored his taunt and lunged at him with the spear.

"Too choreographed. You could have at least tried a couple feints."

He said, as he surprised me by moving in time with the spear lunge and using the side of his body to slide within the spear and knock it to the side.

Then he got me with a side kick to the gut.

I let out a cry of pain as I stumbled to my knees like Chris did.

"Now to get out of this… [Overwhelm]!"

I remembered seeing Mitsurugi use that skill before to shrug off defenders during a soccer match.

So it was some kind of skill that lets the user break free from obstructions and bindings.

I watched as the rope fell away from him as he freed his arms.

He then picked up the pipe again.

"[Steal]!"

Chris recovered and stood up while still clutching her stomach, stealing the pipe again.

"Ah, that's getting annoying."

Dust grabbed a trash can lid and threw it at Chris.

Then, before I could react, he charged and shoulder rammed Chris while her vision was covered by the trash can.

"Chris…!"

"Don't move, Kazuma."

I stopped in my tracks as I saw that Dust got Chris in a chokehold.

He got us.

I knew he was from the other world, and I didn't know his backstory, but he was clearly powerful.

I wouldn't be surprised if he was on Mitsurugi's level, or even beyond that.

"Nothing against you, Kazuma, just following Serena-sama's orders."

"...Why are you working for the Demon King army, Dust? What are they offering you?"

He tilted his head, as if he was trying to figure out the answer.

"Eh? Hmm… Well, these guys from the succubus shop told me that this hot girl wanted to meet me, then I met Serena-sama and she flashed me her panties, hehe…"

Was that really all it took?

"Hah? You're betraying me just because of that?!"

There must be something more to it.

Dust was stupid, but even he wasn't stupid enough to side with the enemy just for such a trivial reason.

Not just Dust, there must be some special reason why all those app-users were following this Serena person.

"Sorry, Kazuma, just obeying orders."

"...Come on, there must be a way to change your mind."

"I'm completely loyal to Serena-sama!"

I remembered the bond description I had with Dust saying he owed a big debt to the yakuza.

"...I'll pay off all your debts."

He stared at me for a while, before releasing Chris.

"You got yourself a deal!"

It was that easy?!

While I was confused, Dust looked at Chris, who was coughing after being strangled and said,

"Eh? Why was I doing that?"

I glared at him as I went over to heal Chris.

"...Are you trying to avoid responsibility for doing all of this?"

"No, I'm serious, Kazuma! I never meant to do all of that! It was like something was controlling me!"

Chris and I both glanced at each other.

Dust was a scumbag, but I really didn't figure him as the type of person who'd betray his friend.

"Didn't you say that you were doing this for Serena?"

He rubbed his head, then said,

"Ah, that's right! Ever since that lady showed me her panties, I feel like I haven't been in control of myself, like I was watching someone else control my body!"

It was beginning to sound like mind control.

That could also explain why all those app-users were obeying that Serena person.

Once Chris recovered, she had a thoughtful look on her face.

"...If the enemy is in control of all those app-users, this could be bad… Dammit! This is why I wanted to retrieve all those artifacts!"

If the Demon King army got their hands on all those cheat items, we were doomed.

"Dust, did this Serena person tell you where to find her once you accomplished her mission?"

He pinched the bridge of his nose as he tried to remember.

"Ah! Yeah, she did! She gave me instructions to meet her at an abandoned building somewhere!"

Aside from the info, I was just glad that we managed to get Dust back to normal.

The way that fight was going wasn't in our favor at all.

"By the way, Kazuma… About the money…"

Of course he wouldn't forget about that.

Part 6

After paying Dust, we split up from him and called Sena to take us to the mansion. I didn't want to risk taking public transport now that we knew there were mind-controlled app-users around.

While we were waiting, Chris rubbed her belly.

"...I healed you, but are you alright?"

She gave me a weak smile and nodded.

"Yeah… I didn't expect to get beat up like that. Sorry, Kazuma-kun, I'm supposed to be your boss, but I couldn't really protect you."

She tried to laugh it off, but I could tell that it really upset her that we almost lost to Dust.

"It's fine, I get it. It doesn't feel good to lose to a bum like Dust."

"That's not what I meant! I just feel awful that I couldn't protect you!"

"...Isn't it a man's job to protect the woman?"

"So old fashioned! …That's sweet, though."

I smirked and wagged my eyebrows at her.

"Oh? Is Big Boss starting to fall for me? Wanna hit that love hotel?"

I received a hand on my face for my flirting as she pushed me back.

"...You're such a jerk sometimes, Kazuma-kun!"

"Well, if it really upsets you that much, I can stop…"

I wasn't the type of guy who'd force the issue, after all. If she really didn't enjoy my attention, I was fine with never doing it again.

She glanced away and rubbed her arm.

"It's not like I said that…"

"Oh? So you do like it?"

"I didn't say that!"

"So you hate it."

"...I didn't say that either!"

I narrowed my eyes on her.

"Are you some kind of tsundere, or something?"

"W-What do you mean by that?!"

She stuttered while blushing profusely.

"Listen, I hate the kind of girls who don't clearly express their feelings! It's fine if you hate a guy's advances, but why lead him on by saying you don't hate it?! Then when the guy continues to flirt with you, it's fine to act cold and push him away?! That kind of contradictory behavior is really annoying!"

"...Darkness told me that your behavior improved recently, was that a lie?!"

It seems that Chris was made aware of my efforts to improve myself.

"Of course my behavior improved. I don't call Darkness a pathetic, masochistic pig anymore, after all."

"I feel like you haven't made any improvements at all!"

She sighed before continuing to say,

"...It's not like I can say if I like it or not, because I'm not certain about it. Besides, what do you want to hear from me, a confession?!"

"Oh, you want to confess?"

"I didn't say that?! Stop putting words in my mouth!"

She was really cute, especially when she was embarrassed like this. It made me want to tease her even more.

"Come on, the sooner you confess, the sooner we can do lewd stuff again! Don't tell me you're not into that."

She opened her mouth, before closing it. A calculating look entered her eyes, and I started to get nervous.

"...Are you really that desperate to do lewd stuff to me, Kazuma-kun? Isn't that kind of creepy?"

"Um… I-Is it really?"

I didn't think she'd turn the tables on me, so I got caught off guard.

"You're being a sex pest right now, aren't you?! You totally are!"

I couldn't really deny that.

"...But Chris is the one who clearly enjoyed it last time, but you're acting like you're not interested at all."

"And I told you that it's not like I hated it! But you can't just force these things to happen, it needs to happen naturally!"

I suppose since I had good luck with women recently, I unintentionally forced the issue.

"Sorry… I'll try to calm down."

She seemed surprised that I didn't argue.

"...It's fine. Again, I'm not saying I hated it, but let's slow down a little."

"Don't worry, I get it."

She smiled at me, seeming to appreciate how I understood her.

Your bond with Chris has deepened!

Chris (Silver-haired Thief), Bond Rank: 6

At Rank 6, Chris recognizes that she doesn't hate doing lewd stuff with you, however, she has stated her boundaries and respects you for following them. Continuing to show your respect to her will advance your relationship even more.

Bond Reward: +20 Speed

…

…

We gathered everyone in the mansion and I told them about the mind-controlled app-users. We met in the kitchen with Chris joining us for the first time. Aqua rubbed her chin and said,

"Hmm… Depending on how the mind-control works, I could use [Sacred Break Spell] to free the app-users."

"Let's think of other strategies, too."

"Hold on, I don't like the way you said that, Kazuma! It's almost as if you're expecting my plan to fail, so you're coming up with other plans, right?!"

Darkness raised her hands in a placating gesture.

"Now, now, Aqua. It's natural to come up with multiple plans, right?"

"Actually, Aqua had it right."

"...Kazuma, I was trying to defend you."

Before Aqua could attack me for my remarks, I turned to Iris.

"Iris, do you know anything about mind-control magic?"

I asked her, since she was the leader of the resistance in the other world.

Her face brightened and she rubbed her chin in thought, although it seemed like most of it was performative.

"...Well, if I were to reference my extensive experience in combat, I'd say that based on what I heard, this form of mind control seems to have a specific condition to activate it, rather than complete domination of a person."

That did make sense, since Dust was able to snap out of the mind control on his own.

We weren't sure what this condition was, but if we discovered its nature, we could counter Serena's power.

"I suppose we're going to confront this Serena person, then… And here I thought we could have a little bit of a break after the war."

Mitsurugi said, sighing in mild disappointment.

"Hm? It's not like we'll charge in first."

"...What do you have planned now, Satou?"

Based on how he was looking at me, he wasn't looking forward to hearing what I had to say.

"Why should we risk anything when we don't know anything about the enemy? We know where she is, so let's send in the army first."

"...Relying on other people to do your work… Kazuma, aren't you ashamed of yourself?"

Megumin said, looking at me like I was trash.

"Listen, if we go in there not knowing what the enemy does, and we get wiped out, then this whole world is in danger. Those soldiers will gladly risk their lives if they know it's for the greater good."

Chris sighed, crossing her arms.

"It sounds scummy, but Kazuma-kun makes a lot of sense, I have to admit."

I nodded to her appreciatively.

"I'm glad someone understands."

Iris smiled and raised a finger.

"I also understand the reason behind onii-sama's strategy. By the way, when it's our turn for battle, I believe that I should be in the frontline…"

"Not happening."

She paused, before looking at me in disbelief.

"I don't understand, onii-sama… If you're concerned about me, there's no reason to. I am incredibly powerful, despite appearances!"

"I know that's the case, that's why we can't afford to lose you in case we fail. Not to mention that you're very important politically in terms of our relations to the other world. We just can't afford to lose you."

Iris didn't seem happy about my decision, but she was mature enough to accept it, giving me a slow nod.

"Very well, I accept your decision, onii-sama."

After we got that settled, I had Sena make the calls to arrange military backup.

Part 7

"We're ready to move out, Cap'n!"

Marika-san saluted me, along with the rest of my troop.

There were many other units with us, equipped with recon gear and modified equipment.

"...This still feels dishonorable."

Megumin said, looking at all the JSDF soldiers surrounding the abandoned building where Serena was waiting for Dust.

"And what counts as honorable to you, Megumin? Blowing up the building before the enemy can react?"

"Obviously!"

"What's so honorable about that?! That's worse, isn't it?!"

Darkness shook her head and placed a hand on Megumin's shoulder.

"There's no use in arguing with Kazuma about honor. You know he has no honor."

I thought she was going to stick up for me, since she did that recently, but she just joined in on the bashing.

We went into the surveillance van, where Sena was monitoring the body cams the soldiers were carrying. This way, we could see what they saw in combat from multiple perspectives. They were all wearing earpieces to receive instructions from us.

There were also drones waiting to fly in to do the same thing.

"They're ready to infiltrate on your command, Captain."

Sena said, waiting for my affirmation.

I nodded to her, which she responded to by pressing a button.

"Operation is a go."

We watched as the soldiers efficiently infiltrated the building, relying on their night vision goggles to navigate through the darkness.

They silently communicated by way of hand gestures, which I had to memorize, since I was leading a unit of my own. All this stuff really cut into my studying for midterms, which I was halfway giving up on getting a good grade at this point.

After a few moments, through the body cams, we saw movement in the shadows.

Actually, there was a lot of movement.

Multiple forms emerged, staggering as they moved. They looked like ordinary humans at first, but when they got closer, we saw that while they were humanoid, these figures had gray, lifeless skin, rotted teeth and eyes devoid of any life. Tattered clothes hung from their bodies, as well as jewelry.

There were some that looked almost normal, mixed in with the other decayed bodies, but no matter how we looked at it, it was clear that these were corpses that were somehow able to move.

In other words, zombies.

The soldiers hesitated to fire, not knowing if these things were humans or not. Except for my unit, these soldiers had never stepped foot in a dungeon, so this was their first time seeing zombies.

Not only that, but something horrible happened.

"Wait… I recognize those clothes, that jewelry! That's my late wife!"

Some of the soldiers recognized their loved ones.

Hearing that, the other soldiers held their fire, and I couldn't bring myself to command them to shoot.

Another figure emerged, this time it was the mysterious cloaked being known as Serena. The soldiers immediately took aim, but she raised her hands.

"Hold on, don't do anything hasty. If you don't harm me, then I won't make these zombies attack you. It seems that some of them are the corpses of your loved ones, yes?"

Upon hearing this, there was a noticeable wave of relief befalling the soldiers, as they lowered their guns.

They even looked grateful to Serena for not having to make them fight their loved ones.

Serena held up her hand.

"Alright, those of you who feel as if they owe me a debt, step forward and come by my side."

Aqua raised her brow, crossing her arms.

"Hah? What is this bitch talking about? Why would any of our guys listen to her!"

I was about to have a rare moment of agreement with Aqua, until a majority of the soldiers actually walked over to Serena's side.

"Wait, this is it! This is the condition for her mind control!"

I said, watching as the soldiers immediately switched sides.

Megumin watched the scene unfolding and slowly nodded.

"Yeah, I get it, too. It seems that if the target feels like they owe something to this Serena person, they will become mind-controlled by her."

She intentionally raised zombies of the people in this area, banking on the fact that people will naturally hesitate to attack those who were once innocent people, especially if these were their deceased loved ones.

Then, by promising not to endanger these zombies, she managed to get the soldiers to feel like they owed her one.

This isn't good…

On the other hand, it was fortunate that we didn't charge in by ourselves, otherwise, we might have been her puppets by now.

"Sena, order the remaining soldiers to retreat."

"Yes, sir! All soldiers not affected by the mind-control, please retreat!"

The soldiers obeyed the command, turning around and sprinting for the exit.

However, more zombies came out to block their exit and only a few soldiers managed to escape.

"...Satou, it's a good thing you found out about the enemy's powers, but are we really going to abandon those other soldiers?!"

Mitsurugi said, horrified by what he was seeing.

"...It's not like we have a choice. We don't even know what other crazy powers this Serena might have."

We managed to beat Beldia and Sylvia with all their hax, but those two were more straightforward in their combat approach. Serena seemed more like a strategist who used her cunning to deceive her opponents, and her powers were a lot more complicated than anything we had faced so far. We couldn't just start fighting her while she had the element of surprise.

Not only that, but she must have a lot of information on us after questioning all those app-users.

And now, she had the soldiers not only as hostages, but as further sources of information.

"Well, I can't just sit around here! I'm gonna go in there to rescue them!"

Darkness nodded to Mitsurugi's words.

"Indeed. I can't just cower in this van when my allies are captured."

These two were getting ready to just charge in.

"...Start the van and let's head out."

"Satou…?! How much of a coward are you?!"

Just when I was about to justify my actions, Rin stood in front of me, arms spread out.

"...Everyone! Please trust senpai! Even if he seems like a cold-hearted coward who uses people as pawns, he always has everyone's best interest in mind, right?!"

Was she defending me, or insulting me?
Yunyun nodded her head and also stood up for me.

"Y-Yes! Even though Kazuma-san is the type of man who would not hesitate to abandon his comrades, please trust him!"

They were making me seem even more untrustworthy than before.

Somehow, this managed to get Mitsurugi and Darkness to calm down.

Chris sighed, while grabbing one of the grab handles hanging down the roof of the van.

"...Why does every mission with you turn out like this, Kazuma-kun."

It seems that my reputation was dwindling even more among them.

Not like it was high to begin with.

"Wait, the mind-controlled soldiers are following us!"

Sena said, when she noticed the humvees trailing after us. It didn't take long until they caught up to our van.

Soon, we received radio transmissions from several of them.

"Captain Satou, please step out of your vehicle. We don't want to shoot you!"

"Please surrender yourself to Serena-sama!"

"She promised to spare your life if you surrender peacefully!"

These guys were completely brainwashed.

I didn't want to have to harm them, but they were all pointing their guns at the van. Their bullets were all coated with dungeon material, meaning that we'd all be dead if they sprayed them at us.

And if Aqua died along with us, there was no hope for resurrection.

So, I had to take them all out in an instant without killing any of them.

"I hope this works…"

I took a deep breath and opened my palm.

This was a new technique I had been thinking of using.

It was still very much in the experimental stage, as in, I hadn't really tried it out outside of simulations in my head.

But there were no other options, rather than have Aqua try to use [Sacred Break Spell]. And there were too many of them for her to convert them all back to normal.

I used [Flash], but contained the light using [Delayed Spell], causing an orb of light to appear above my hand.

I used [Charge Spell], adding more mana into it.

"Kazuma… What are you doing? If you're gonna flashbang them, you need to go outside the van! You'll just blind all of us!"

Aqua said, already turning away from the ball of light.

With [Control Spell], I can manipulate how the spell behaves.

I wasn't sure if this was going to work, but if I charge the electrons with my mana and direct the energy into a different wavelength, I might be able to change the frequency of the electromagnetic wave.

Since this was a desperate moment, the only thing I could do was release the spell.

The orb of light disappeared, as I directed the invisible wave outside of the van.

Then, we heard the screams.

"Gahhh?! Why is it so loud?! Ahhh!"

If their eardrums didn't shatter, then they were at least disoriented enough that the humvees chasing after us all veered away, some of them spinning out of the road.

"Eh? What did you do, Satou?"

Mitsurugi said, as he was about to open the car doors and jump out, sword in hand.

"I hit them with an EMP converted from the [Flash] spell."

They all stared at me.

"...Kazuma, you're really scary sometimes, you know?"

Darkness said, giving me a blank look of disbelief.

Megumin, however, was ecstatic.

"Wait, if light magic can be used that way, does that mean you can supercharge light magic and make it faster than light?!"

"...Don't be ridiculous."

Even if that was physically possible, there was no way a rank 1 skill would let me do that.

…At least, I'm assuming so.

I'd rather not mess around with that kinda stuff, though.

Not that I even think it's remotely possible.

Megumin blinked, tilting her head to the side.

"...Wait, you'd need to know how to do the calculations in your head to use [Control Spell] to control frequencies, right?"

"It's f = c/λ, isn't it? C being the speed of light."

Mitsurugi nodded his head.

"That kinda stuff is stuck in your head, too, huh?"

"That's midterm season for ya."

I nodded along sympathetically with him.

"Senpai, that's so cool how you figured it out!"

Rin said, being the first one to actually praise me for getting us out of that lose-lose situation.

I mean, Mitsurugi was about to jump out of the van.

"...A-As expected of Kazuma-san! I never even thought about using those skills that way! I only used that spell to flash everyone!"

"Thanks for the compliment, Yunyun. You're a very nice girl. That's why I'm gonna assume you didn't mean anything perverted by that."

"Eh? What do you mean?"

Rin sighed as Yunyun looked confused.

"Senpai… Just when I was praising you."

I managed to lower my reputation again.

I noticed that Chris was looking at me with something akin to concern.

"...What's the matter with you? Are you gonna say that I shouldn't have harmed the soldiers? I had no choice, right?!"

She shook her head.

"No, not that… I'm just thinking that Kazuma-kun could come up with some really dangerous applications for his skills, yes? Even without advanced level magic…"

Ah, crap. I knew what she was thinking.

Chris was a follower of Eris-sama, who believed that things like powerful artifacts shouldn't be in the hands of the people of this world.

What I did was pretty simple, when compared to something like explosion magic, but I bet she was thinking that I could come up with more dangerous creations in the future.

"...Oh, come on, Big Boss. Aren't I very trustworthy?"

"Do you really have to ask that?"

I guess not.

"Alright, we managed to shake them off, but we probably shouldn't return to the mansion."

Sena said, after checking the rearview mirror and seeing no other humvees following us.

But rather than behind us, it seemed that the danger was in front.

"...Wait, some winged thing is flying above us!"

Aqua said, pointing to the road ahead.

I didn't know what she was talking about, until I saw what appeared like a woman with large bat wings quickly gaining on us. The headlights swept over her, revealing that she had red hair and horns protruding from her head.

I didn't think it was Serena, since they were wearing different clothing. It must have been another demon king army member.

"...Wait, isn't that Arnes?"

Megumin said, coming over to look at the flying demon.

Just when I was about to ask her how she knew this demon, a barricade of ice formed before us.

"Ah, crap…!"

Sena could barely swerve and break in time before we crashed.

With the delay, we also heard the humvees in the distance catching up.

"...Satou Kazuma. Come out of the horseless carriage and surrender yourself."

If we weren't in such a dangerous situation, I would have laughed.

Aqua actually did end up laughing.

"Horseless carriage? Does she mean this van? Pfffft! What is she, some hillbilly from another world? Bwahahaha!"

Only Aqua could end up laughing like this. She had no common sense.

"...Let's take our positions and fight!"

Mitsurugi said, getting ready to jump out of the van again. At least it wasn't moving this time.

Ah, this guy sure was quick to leap to action.

"Finally, I can test my skills."

Darkness said, leaping out of the van as well and summoning her spear.

Everyone seemed to be readying themselves for battle. However, the most bloodthirsty one still had a confused look on her face.

"...Megumin, what's wrong? You aren't threatening to blow up the bad guy already."

"Well… That's not a bad guy. Arnes is also a follower of Wolbach-sama like me."

I never did get any clues about Megumin's patron goddess, the one who taught her explosion magic and gave her access to the app.

But now, I was looking at another follower of this supposed dark goddess, Wolbach.

"...If we're on the same side, why is she blocking us?"

"Maybe she's being controlled by Serena!"

That seemed like a likely explanation.

Accepting that, Megumin and I followed the others to meet this winged demon named Arnes.

Arnes landed, curling her wings together as she stood straight. By then, the humvees had already caught up.

The cloaked figure of Serena stepped out of a humvee. She walked to Arnes, giving her a nod.

"Well done, Arnes. I'm sure your Lady Wolbach appreciates your efforts."

Serena said, taking her hood off to reveal her face.

If we weren't in this tense situation, I would have admired her beauty.

She was in her twenties and had black hair like a typical Japanese woman, but she had western features like Darkness. They were pretty similar in physical profiles, too, especially the chest area. There was also a distinct beauty mark under her left eye.

Arnes nodded back to Serena.

"I hope you're right. I haven't been able to produce any results thus far, after all."

They finally turned to face us, and I made eye contact with Serena for the first time. She said,

"So this is Satou Kazuma and his cohorts. You've caused the Demon King a lot of problems."

I shrugged at her.

"Well, it's not like we're just gonna roll over and let him take over our world."

She chuckled at that.

"I guess you're right. So, you're gonna come with me peacefully, right? I do have all these hostages after all. That's not even counting all the app-users I have."

I glanced at Yunyun, but I knew that she couldn't teleport all of us out, since there was a limit on how many people she could teleport at once.

"...You know, it's not like I have much of a choice, so just do whatever you want."

"Hah?! Kazuma, you're just gonna give in like that?!"

Aqua said, getting mad that I was just going along with Serena's orders.

"Like I said, it's not like we have much of a choice. I do want to make a deal with you, though, Serena. You can take me if you let the others go."

She cocked an eyebrow.

"Excuse me? What makes you think that you have any leverage here?"

"I'm assuming that your mind-control only works once your subjects feel like they owe you something, right? That was how Dust broke out of your control. If you want to keep your hold over those soldiers, it's better if you cooperate with us to an extent."

She rubbed her chin in thought, glancing at Arnes, who gave her a nod in return.

"...To think you already figured out my power after only seeing it once. You really are dangerous, Satou Kazuma. Fine, for the sake of maintaining my control over everyone, I'll only take you."

Mitsurugi stepped forward and grabbed my shoulder before I could move.

"Wait, we can't just let you go like that, Satou!"

Darkness nodded and tried pulling me back as well.

"I agree! What kind of comrade would I be if I let you sacrifice yourself for us?! If anyone should be sacrificed, it should be me!"

"...Your true intentions are coming out, Darkness."

The others also tried to convince me to stay, but I told them,

"Listen, if we all get captured, what's that gonna do? This way, you all have a chance to rescue me."

"...I suppose that's right."

Mitsurugi said, unable to argue with my logic.

"...I'd be impressed by your bravery right now, Kazuma-kun, but you're shaking so much."

Chris said, pointing at my knees that were wobbling together.

It wasn't like I could keep my cool when I was essentially being taken as a prisoner of war!

Is this how that little demon Dante felt, when we captured him?

I owe him an apology.

Megumin, who had been eyeing Arnes this whole time, went up to her and said,

"Wait! What are you doing, Arnes? Does Wolbach-sama know about this?"

I still didn't know how they were related, but they sure acted familiar with each other.

Arnes nodded at Megumin with a neutral expression on her face.

"Indeed. This was the plan all along."

"...What? But Wolbach-sama gave me the app and explosion magic to defeat the Demon King army, right?!"

Arnes sighed, looking like she didn't enjoy what she was about to say next.

"Again, that was part of the plan. Didn't you notice something different about the way this 'app' of yours functioned? All of the quests you received involved the destruction of a public building, or causing chaos among the public, right?"

I remembered all those quests Megumin got before. Things like blowing up a building, unleashing an explosion in public and running away from police officers…

I thought those quests were strange, but if they were supposed to be acts of violence directed by the enemy, I could understand the reason for them now.

It hurt to look at Megumin as realization dawned on her. She was tricked by Arnes and this Wolbach-sama, given a false app to spread the agenda of the Demon King army.

"...This whole set up with the abandoned factory, was this a part of your plan, too?"

Arnes looked like she was thinking about whether she should explain it to Megumin, but she eventually said,

"Yeah. I don't get how the technology works, since I'm still getting accustomed to this world, but we can spy on you through your phone. We heard about your plan to infiltrate the temporary base, so we prepared ourselves to ambush you."

So that was how Serena was just waiting in the abandoned building with an army of puppet corpses.

We were totally outmaneuvered.

Megumin lowered her head, looking the most dejected I had ever seen her.

"...Wolbach-sama was also the one who gave me the hint of gathering food at the dungeon."

She said, slowly realizing all the ways she had been manipulated thus far.

"Yeah, sorry about that. We wanted you to destroy the dungeon's ecosystem. We had a couple of app-users already controlled by then, thanks to Serena, so we had a general idea of how the dungeon works. We know you have quite an appetite, so we steered you to do that for us."

Megumin looked like she was about to swing her fists at Arnes, but Yunyun pulled her back.

"I get that you're angry, Megumin, but please think about Kazuma-san's safety!"

That made Megumin calm down, but her eyes were glowing from her magic lenses, as she glared at Arnes.

Arnes shook her head solemnly.

"Sorry, it's not personal, OK? We really did like your company. Oh, it's not too late to join us for real. I'm sure Hoost-sama will want you to join, too."

"...No way I'm doing that! Just get ready to face a full-powered explosion to the face, OK?!"

Arnes chuckled as she placed a hand on my shoulder and firmly guided me away from the group.

"I'm looking forward to a real match between us."

I gave my last looks of goodbye to the others, while following Arnes and Serena into a humvee.

"You sure are brave, Satou Kazuma. Wait, why are you shaking so much?"

Once they had me sit in the humvee, they noticed just how much I was jittering.

"...I'm boiling with rage, that's why. I will surely take my revenge on all of you."

"...Why were your teeth clattering when you said that?"

I was unable to hide my fear.
Last edited: Jan 20, 2025
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:JOJOBRN, OtroWey, kinggamerlite29 and 284 others
BoringBone
Jan 19, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 38: A New Mission For This Puppet!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Feb 1, 2025
Add bookmark
#893
Chapter 38: A New Mission For This Puppet!

Part 1

They blindfolded me and took my belongings, before bringing me on a humvee and taking me to an unknown location.

I tried to track where they were taking me, but it seemed like they drove around in circles to make sure I couldn't do that.

Before long, I found myself in a dimly lit room, tied up in a chair with Arnes and Serena standing over me.

"Hm… How do we get him under our control?"

Arnes said, examining me cautiously.

I chuckled as she tried to figure me out.

"Fufu… There's nothing you can do to affect me with that mind control. There's nothing that I'd feel grateful for unless you let me go!"

Serena sighed and grabbed her skirt.

"...I guess I have to do this again."

Before I could react, she lifted her skirt up and showed me her black panties.

"..."

"He's not reacting at all, impressive."

Despite what Arnes said, that was actually close.

I felt an inexplicable force encroaching my mind.

"...T-That won't work on me. Do you think I'm some kind of virgin who'd get excited by a pair of panties?"

"But we heard from that Dust fellow that you frequent a succubus dream brothel."
It seemed like they did their scouting report on me.

"Well, it is true that he's resisting the control…"

Arnes smirked at Serena.

"I guess you'll have to up the intensity, then."

"No, thank you."

"But it's the only way to control him!"

"...Why do I have to do it? Why don't you do it, since you think it's such a good idea!"

"It's your power, after all!"

Serena sighed as she eyed me warily.

"...What should I even do at this point?"

"Well, the next step is your chest, right?"

"...Do I really have to do this?"

"It'll work, trust me! Look, he's already giving you quite the lecherous gaze!"

I couldn't control my lust.

Even though I wasn't a virgin…

Still, such child's play wasn't enough.

"It'll take more than that to control me!"

I said, as I eyed Serena intently, eagerly waiting for her next move.

With a sigh, Serena started unbuttoning her top.

Slowly, I got a good show as she soon showed me her chest.

"Oho…"

I said, admiring the bra that matched her panties.

She was pretty big.

"...Well? Is it working?"

"I mean, you're hot, but it's nothing I hadn't seen before."

Something like seeing a beautiful woman in her underwear, while enjoyable, wasn't going to be enough to control me.

I turned to Arnes and said,

"...Maybe if this one joined in, you would have a better chance."

"Isn't it bad to give the enemy ideas?"

She said, looking at me with confusion.

With a blush, Serena turned to her comrade.

"Oi, he has a point. Why am I the only one making a fool of myself?!"

"...Fine! Whatever! If this is what it takes…"

Shyly, Arnes began to strip for me as well.

"Oho… Hoho…"

"Stop making those weird sounds!"

She said, as she took off the coat she was wearing.

Eventually, like Serena, she was down in her underwear.

…My 'son' stood up in attention, intrigued by the show.

"The Demon King army sure has some beauties, huh?"

"Are you controlled now?"

"Does it look like it?"

"Come on, how much more do we have to do?!"

I sighed as Serena was getting frustrated.

"Listen, do you think a big shot hero like me doesn't sleep with beautiful women all the time?! Even if you had the hottest women in the Demon King's army all lined up in front of me, shaking tits and ass in their underwear, that's not gonna make me feel grateful to you! I enjoy such a harem experience every night!"

"...It all seems so braggadocious, but I don't think he's lying."

Arnes whispered, after my speech.

"Does that mean we're gonna have to do even more than this?!"

I sighed impatiently.

"Listen, the least you could do is bare it all."

"B-Bare it all?!"

"Oi, what's the matter? From what it looks like, it seems that Serena's main role in the Demon King army is to infiltrate and manipulate the enemies, right? Surely, a classic femme fatale like you is used to seducing men to do your bidding! That's how you controlled Dust, right?!"

"The most I've done is flash my underwear! I-I've never had to do anything more than that!"

I turned to Arnes next.

"And you! You're a demon lady, so why does it seem like you have morals and decency, like a normal woman?! Shouldn't you be the first to strip right now?!"

"What do you think demons are, huh?! We're not so crass as you make us out to be!"

I sighed impatiently.

"...I thought the goal here was to control me. What's taking so long?! If you keep teasing me like this any longer, you'll miss your window to control me!"

"Why does it seem as if you're eager to be controlled…"

The plan really was to make them give up after realizing that they couldn't control me as easily as Dust.

I thought for sure that they'd give up for now, but…

"...Regina-sama, give me strength!"

A blushing Serena said to herself, as she reached up and started to remove her bra.

Before I could take my eyes away in time, I got an eyeful of Serena's big, perky breasts dropping spectacularly, before bouncing back up again.

"..."

That sensation of something trying to take over my mind came again, and it took all I had to resist it.

"...That was close!"

I said, as I managed to resist once more.

"Are you kidding me?! I exposed my breasts to you, and it still didn't work?!"

"...It's gonna take more than that to defeat the mighty Satou Kazuma!!!"

Arnes clicked her tongue, before working on removing her bra as well.

"...Is this gonna work?"

"...Gahh?!"

I had to scream out to retain control of myself, as I saw Arnes also revealing her bare breasts to me. Both well-endowed women now had their naked breasts side-by-side.

"Purification! Purification! Purification!"

I said, trying to dispel the dark thoughts swirling inside me.

"Are you kidding?! He's still not under control?!"

"I-I'm not gonna go any further than this!"

And so, I managed to retain control over myself.

At least, for now.

Part 2

"So this is the hero who beat Beldia, Hans and Sylvia, huh?"

Another red haired woman emerged, one with horns similar to Arnes. However, she was clearly more well-endowed and had shorter hair.

…The Demon King army is certainly a feast for the eyes.

If it weren't for my recent popularity with women, I might have been tempted to switch sides.

Arnes bowed to the woman.

"Yes, Wolbach-sama. As you can see, we are having trouble converting him…"

So this is the Wolbach that Megumin mentioned, I thought.

"Oh? Is this one gonna strip for me, too?"

Wolbach glanced at Arnes, who avoided her gaze.

"...We don't have a choice! That's how Serena's powers work!"

Indeed, if they wanted to control me, they had to make me feel like I owed them something.

That meant that they couldn't rely on classic interrogation techniques or torture…

If I didn't know how Serena's powers worked, I would have never turned myself over. But I knew I could take the risk since they couldn't actually harm me.

"Hurry up! If you're gonna do something lewd, then do it already! All three of you should strip, right here, right now!"

Serena blushed at my words.

"...I'm starting to feel like we made a bad decision, taking this man hostage."

"I'm willing to bet this was part of his plan."

"Ah, you finally figured it out?"

Wolbach sighed as she stepped forward to inspect me more. I noticed that she had a red mark on her forehead, and pointed ears, like an elf.

"You know, Megumin told me a lot about you, Satou Kazuma."

She said, catching my attention.

"...What's your relationship with Megumin, anyway? Arnes here said that you just used her as a spy… But is that really all there is to it?"

Wolbach had a conflicted look on her face, before she shared another look with Arnes.

"It's not like we only think of her as some puppet. We've begun to see Megumin as one of our own."

"Great, so we're on the same side, then?"

"You know that's not how that works."

It was worth a shot.

Arnes sighed and said,

"If she's willing to join the Demon King army, we'll welcome her with open arms. That's part of the reason why I told her the truth."

I didn't really understand the full story, but it seemed like they cared about Megumin, to some extent.

Wolbach, in particular, had a soft expression on her face as she talked about Megumin.

Megumin also often told me about Wolbach, the great, dark goddess who taught her explosion magic.

"...You know that you'll eventually have to fight Megumin, right?"

They both slowly nodded.

"Yeah, we know."

Serena was quiet until now, but she said,

"And that's why it'll be better if you join our side, Satou Kazuma. You are seen as this world's hero. If you can convince the rulers of your world that it's better to limit casualties and surrender to the Demon King, then you will save thousands, if not millions of lives."

It was an outcome I was prepared for, surrendering to the Demon King's army.

But I still shook my head.

"...There's no sense in surrendering when we've already defeated several of your generals. Besides, it's not like the portals can bring in all of your army. We're still at an advantage here, even if you captured me."

Arnes laughed at that.

"Oh, really now? But you're not just any normal prisoner, you're the hero who defeated three of our generals and caused one to defect! Not even our world's heroes have managed to defeat a general, much less multiple of them!"

"...I think you overestimate how powerful I am."

"Hah? There's no need for false humility here… You're the hero, so you're obviously the most powerful in this world!"

I guess they really did have that mistaken assumption about me.

"What level do you think I am?"

I asked, which made Arnes rub her chin.

"...Hm… At least level 70?"

"I'm level 20."

"There's no way?!"

They all looked at me in disbelief. Serena shook her head.

"No… That's impossible. To defeat a Demon King general at level 20 is impossible…"

"Do you even know how I beat those generals?"

They all shook their heads.

"Beldia is an undead who takes damage when exposed to water magic, so I filled up his armor with water and froze it. Vanir can read minds, but I've never lost a game of rock-paper-scissors in my life, so he couldn't predict my moves. As for Sylvia and Beldia, I didn't even do that alone, and Megumin actually did a lot of the damage… So that's more of your side's fault for teaching her explosion magic."

They all stared at me silently.

"Wait… If you say it like that, doesn't it seem like you only won through flukes?"

"W-Well it can't be a fluke if it keeps happening!"

I sighed and said,

"The point is, it's not like you guys captured the ace of the enemy's army. I'm just a guy with a high luck stat. And because my luck is so high, just having me here means that luck will work in my favor, and it'll actively work against you."

If I was having good luck, that means that my enemies would have bad luck, after all.

"...I-It really was a bad idea to capture him! Should we just let him go?!"

"No, that's what he wants you to think!"

And just like that, I caused discord among the group.

Part 3

They made sure to always have one of them watching me at all times.

In the mornings, it was Wolbach, mid-day, it was Serena and Arnes watched over me at night.

It was pretty much impossible to escape their notice, since they'd park their chair in front of the door and keep a careful eye on me.

"...Come on, am I really such a big deal that you need to watch over me carefully like this?"

Even though I told them that I was only level 20, they still practiced such measures.

Serena, who was on guard duty at the time, said,

"It's because you were only level 20 and yet you accomplished such feats that we can't let our guard down around you."

"But surely this must be a waste of resources, right? Always having one of the higher-ups look after a prisoner…"

"Would you rather have Hoost-sama watch over you in our place?"

I heard that name before, but I didn't know who this Hoost was.

Still, getting information on the enemy was the priority.

"Sure, I'd love to meet this Hoost."

She opened the door and called for Hoost.

I didn't know what to expect, but I surely didn't expect a big, horned demonic head to peek into the room, gray, fanged and menacing.

An actual demon…

Arnes was a demon as well, but she was still very humanoid.

However, this thing was an archetypal demon. Gray skin, big horns, deadly fangs, wings that were tucked at his back and monstrous muscles that bulged at every slight movement.

"...Oh? So this is that famous human, huh?"

It spoke with a surprisingly well-mannered tone.

And so, Hoost took over the guard duties.

Since Hoost didn't need to sleep and eat, at least, not at the rate of normal humans, he could keep watch over me at all times.

I shouldn't have ever brought up the inefficiency of their guarding system…

Now I really had no chance of escape.

Hoost was apparently powerful enough that they could untie me from the chair, however, I couldn't leave the room.

To keep me entertained, they brought all sorts of board games and card games, which I eventually started playing with Hoost.

"...Ahhh! How did you beat me again?!"

Hoost said, hanging his horned head after he was forced to resign.

It was funny seeing him play, since he could barely pick up the pieces with his large hands. Sometimes I needed to move his pieces for him.

"Fufu… If you're playing against someone more experienced in this game, even the slightest inaccuracy will lead to your defeat."

"...You sure are a sore-winner."

"Better than being a sore loser."

For a big, powerful demon, Hoost was quite easy to get along with.

"Again! I demand we play again!"

"Bring it on!"

He kept demanding that we play until I eventually lost.

"Yes! I did it! My first victory!"

"Damn it!"

I yelled out in a rage, as I flipped the board over, sending pieces flying away.

"...Who's a sore loser now?"

He said, smirking as he tried to pick up the small pieces scattered everywhere.

"...Look what you did. Some of the pieces went missing… Where did it go?"

"I think I saw one roll under the bed."

"Oh, right, I see it."

Looking for the pieces, he stuck his head under the bed to look for it.

Now, I have been here for a few days, and I have been behaving well so far.

And Hoost was a powerful demon who didn't need to worry about an attack from me.

Which was why he didn't expect my next move.

"[Smithing]!"

I transformed the bed and made the wooden frame wrap around Hoost's body, trapping him in a makeshift cage.

"...?! What happened?!"

In his moment of confusion, I broke free from the room.

"He's getting away!"

Hoost eventually managed to rip off the bed frame around him, but I was already speeding away with [Escape].

There was a problem, though. I was low on mana.

Every morning, they would have me cast some elementary level magic, such as pouring water into a tub.

This was to drain my mana, so that I would have low reserves throughout the day.

After using [Smithing] and [Escape], I only had 10 mp left to spend.

I had no idea about the layouts of the abandoned building, since I was seeing its interior for only the first time.

However, once I ran out of a hall, I found the main area, where a bunch of controlled app-users and soldiers were hanging around.

I didn't see Wolbach and Arnes, but I saw Serena among them.

"...?! How did you escape?!"

Serena said, as she saw me making a dash for the exit.

I didn't bother to answer her, focusing only on running away.

"Go after him!"

Serena said, making the app-users chase after me.

With only 10 mp to spend, I couldn't just start spamming spells.

Running around in this abandoned building, I saw how dusty it was.

Seeing that, I got an idea.

"[Wind Breath]!"

Using wind breath, I released a stream of wind that shot up all the dust behind me.

"[Tinder]!"

Then lit it on fire.

The cloud of dust wafting into the air was suddenly ignited.

What resulted was a dust explosion.

"Gahhh! I'm on fire!"

I felt bad for them, but I had no other choice.

I kept running as the building behind me was swept up in flames.

…That was, until I started to feel the heat of the flames myself.

I made sure to blow the dust away from me, but the flames still affected me.

"Owww, damnit! [Create Water]!"

I was forced to use up more mana to douse the flames.

But when I washed the flames away, they came back.

"What's going on…?!"

I said, unable to process this phenomenon.

Serena emerged from the flames, glaring at me as she took her cloak off, which was covered in flames.

"...You really are dangerous."

She said, eyeing me with great caution.

With her catching up to me, I had no choice but to fight her.

I created an ice javelin and threw it at her.

I expected her to try and dodge away, and I was going to use that moment to turn and run, but unexpectedly, she stayed still.

"Gurk…!"

The spear pierced her shoulder.

I was about to turn away, but…

"Gahhh!"

I felt a sharp pain in my shoulder, and blood dripping down from it.

I didn't have enough mana left at this point to heal myself, so I turned to her and said,

"...Do you have some kind of ability that reflects the damage I do to you?"

That was the only way I could perceive it. The flames affected me, and now, I was getting the same injuries as her…

It was some kind of damage reflecting ability.

The familiar glow of healing magic emerged from her hand as she healed herself.

"Alright… You're gonna bleed out if I don't heal you, so don't run anymore."

I didn't have much of a choice and nodded.

Soon, they managed to douse the fire, and I was recaptured.

Part 4

"This guy… He really did all that?!"

Arnes said, once they relocated me to another unknown location.

Of course, I was once again blindfolded during the move.

"To think that he'd somehow get past Hoost-sama…"

Wolbach sighed, rubbing the bridge of her nose.

"I guess one of us will always have to keep our eyes on him… We can't rely on Hoost."

Hoost may be a powerful demon, but he was too friendly and naive.

Like an overgrown puppy.

"...I think the simplest solution is to control him, after all."

Serena said, after giving an exhausted sigh.

"Are you crazy? You know what that'll entail, right?"

Arnes instinctively wrapped her arms around her chest, as she eyed me warily.

Indeed, they had been trying to get me under control, but they couldn't bring themselves to do much more than flash me their panties or let me look at their naked bodies.

Well, that was already quite a lot, I admit.

But it wasn't enough to control someone with a harem like me!

"Oi, you broads, just give up now. I know none of you prideful girls will ever sink themselves low enough to use your bodies on a lowly prisoner like me, right?!"

With this, I pretty much ensured that they wouldn't try to control me anymore…

But it seems that was a miscalculation.

"Well… It's not like you're some lowly prisoner. You are the hero of this world, after all."

Arnes said, making the others turn to her and consider her words.

Serena nodded slowly.

"I guess that's true… It's one thing if he's just some random prisoner, but it's a lot more tolerable to our dignity as women if he's a high-value person, right?"

"Yeah, it's really not shameful at all."

They all eyed me with a different expression than they had before.

I gulped, knowing that the tables had turned now.

Before, they held back on doing anything more than showing some skin.

But now that they knew I had the ability to escape, it seemed like they resolved themselves to try and control me now.

"N-Now hold on, ladies. I'm really not as valuable as you think! In fact, I was a virgin hikiNEET before all this!"

"...I find that hard to believe. A man like you?"

Arnes said, and I realized how that might come off as a lie. Then she turned to Serena and said,

"Alright, like I said before, it's your power, so you should do it."

"...Hold on, I agree with you that it's not such a blow to our pride as women if we do this with him, but why do I have to do it?"

"And I told you before, it's your power, and he needs to feel grateful to you, anyway! If it doesn't work, then Wolbach-sama and I will join you!"

Serena sighed. Even if she understood the logic in it, I suppose that she'd rather avoid doing this kind of thing to a man she doesn't really know. Still, she approached me and started to take off her cloak again.

I had already seen her strip for me before, but in this context, where I knew that they were actually willing to go all the way now, I couldn't steel myself as easily as I did before.

Especially she removed her top, then her bra, and showed me those big breasts of hers again.

She turned to the others and said,

"...Are you two just going to watch?"

Arnes shrugged in return.

"You saw what he could do to Hoost-sama. We're here for your protection."

Wolbach sighed and shook her head,

"You know, I never thought I'd be in this situation… Don't mind me."

"...I'll mind even if you say that!"

Still, Serena turned away from them, doing her best to ignore them as she removed her skirt next.

I gulped as she removed the rest of her clothing, until she was completely naked in front of me.

"Excuse me."

She said politely, before she knelt down and started to unbuckle my belt.

Now, I haven't had a chance to take care of my 'son' these past few days, for obvious reasons.

I couldn't just jerk off in front of Hoost, after all.

And so, I was already at full-mast as Serena took my pants and underwear off.

Serena glanced away, looking somewhat embarrassed.

"Well, I'm flattered."

She took it as a compliment.

"...I'm just backed up, that's all."

I felt the need to explain myself.

Not like they believed me.

I felt rather ashamed when I let out a deep moan as Serena started to touch me, lightly petting my member.

Even if she was the enemy, she was incredibly hot, and she was naked right now, on her knees, touching my junk.

It took all I had not to succumb to her power. I tried to close my eyes, but that just made me more sensitive to the sensations. When I tried to look away from her, there wasn't much space in the room, so I was forced to look at Arnes and Wolbach, and looking at them didn't make me less aroused.

Still, even if I was backed up, it wasn't so bad that I'd lose control of myself just from a handjob. Serena seemed to realize this as well, as she tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and leaned forward.

"Ahh…"

I knew I was in trouble as soon as she started licking my cock.

I had only had one blowjob before, from Dark+Angel, so I wasn't used to the sensations just yet. I was probably more used to straight up sex than getting head.

My toes started curling as she licked me from my shaft to my tip. I couldn't help but watch her, looking at her beautiful face as she licked me up and down.

"Hoh… You're pretty good. Do this often?"

Arnes asked, watching Serena licking my member.

"...You think I'm some kind of loose woman? Of course not."
Serena shot her an annoyed look, as she lifted my member and licked the underside of my shaft even more, eliciting another pleasured moan from me.

I moaned ever more as she finally took me in her mouth. If I knew I'd be in this scenario, I would have asked Aqua, Darkness or even Rin to give me a blowjob, since I was completely unprepared for this. Or maybe I should have called Dark+Angel for another visit to a love hotel.

Because right now, I didn't have any defenses as Serena started sucking me off. Even when her expression was totally neutral and professional, having her beautiful face moving up and down on my member like that was too much.

And so, when she moved further down and I felt more of her tongue and lips, I couldn't hold back anymore.

"Hnnngh!"

Her eyes widened in surprise as the first spurt went inside her mouth, but she backed off and tried to protect her face with her hand. However, I was so backed up at this point that I ended up cumming all over her anyway, some of it even landing on her hair and some of it trailing down her neck and breasts. Her hand only managed to protect the bottom half of her face, but some landed around her eyes, which she closed shut.

"Ugh… Why didn't you warn me?"

I guess she wasn't the type to swallow. Although, for some reason, her annoyed voice as my cum dripped down her chin turned me on even more.

Arnes sighed in irritation.

"Oi… Why'd you pull away? Guys like it when you swallow. You undid all your work by backing off!"

Wolbach handed Serena a handkerchief, which she gratefully used to wipe her face.

"I told you I'm not some loose woman who's used to this! Why would I ever swallow a man's 'juices'?!"

"...You're the Demon King army's infiltration expert. Aren't you used to seducing your targets by now?"

"With the way my power works, it never has to go this far!"

Serena huffed in indignation as she used the handkerchief to wipe the cum off her chest.

"Well, that didn't work, so I guess you girls don't have to do that anymore. Good for you."

I said, once I finally caught my breath.

Meanwhile, in my head, I was thinking that I was way too close to falling for Serena's control at that moment.

"Oh, no, you don't. There's still the next step, right?"

Serena glared at Arnes.

"I already gave him fellatio! I'm not doing that unless it's absolutely necessary!"

"Well, your fellatio didn't work, so use the rest of your body!"

"Hah?! That wasn't the agreement! Maybe I'm just not his type! There's two other women here, so get to work!"

Arnes closed her mouth, unable to argue with that. She warily turned to look at Wolbach, who just gave Arnes a firm, commanding look.

"...The follower should go before the master."

"I-I suppose so, Wolbach-sama."

I guess it was Arnes's turn, then.

She gave me quite the cold look as she shyly started stripping.

"...What are you looking at me like that for?"

I didn't really get the hostility, since they were the ones forcing this on me.

"...To think I'd do this for a human."

"Are you a specist, or something?"

"I'm not! But I don't have a good experience with humans at all! They're always tricking me and taking advantage of me!"

"Hah?! You're the one who has me tied up here, and you're about to sexually assault me! Don't talk as if I'm the one in the wrong!"

She glanced away with some guilt in her eyes.

"W-Well, I guess that's true. But if you really hate this, then just submit to the control already! It's not like any of us want to do this!"

"...That's way beyond unreasonable!"

Failing to come to an agreement, Arnes was soon naked, like Serena, Although Serena had quickly worn her cloak around her naked body.

I tried not to look too much at Arnes's curves. Why did they all have to look like supermodels? Her big breasts jiggled as she made her way over to me and reluctantly went down on her knees, occupying Serena's spot.

"...You know, it's a waste of time if he doesn't even find me attractive."

I couldn't help my member from getting fully erect, as I felt her warm breath on it.

"I guess that answers your question."

Wolbach said, with some amusement, to which Arnes sighed.

"Alright… I guess I'll just get to it."

She gently held my member, giving it a few pumps.

Since I already came, I wasn't as sensitive this time. Not only that, but Arnes was clearly very inexperienced.

Granted, Serena didn't seem like she had a lot of experience, either, but she moved like she had one or two partners before. Arnes looked like she was trying to figure out how to work some complicated machinery, even though all she had to do was give me a few pumps.

"H-Hey, why are you getting softer?!"

She said, almost looking offended as she felt me go limp.

What did she expect when she was giving me that irregular pattern while jerking me off? Not only that, she couldn't decide whether she wanted to be gentle or firm, so she was squeezing me way too hard and way too softly in intervals.

I might have enjoyed this regardless back when I had never even kissed a girl before, but right now, this was more painful than anything.

"C-Come on, why aren't you getting hard?!"

Even though she was reluctant to do this before, I guess her pride was getting hit another way now. She started focusing, putting more effort and energy into it. Now, she was consistently jerking me off with a firm grasp. Even though it was still a bit too rough for my liking, at least she wasn't fluctuating between too soft and too hard now.

In this way, I started to feel it more and I got hard again.

"There… Much better…"

She had a delighted look on her face and seemed to be into the act, jerking me off with enthusiasm that Serena lacked. I guess she was the type to get carried away once something occupied her attention. Her initial reluctance was gone, and it looked like she was trying to find ways to make me even more aroused, such as twisting her hand up and down my shaft.

"This is kind of fun, in a way."

She muttered, before curiously looking at the tip of my member. Then, she stuck her tongue out and tried licking it.

I gasped at the contact, making her raise a brow.

"That's a good reaction… Hmm… I might not hate this as much as I thought."

She started licking me more, watching my reactions carefully.

"Ahh…!"

I actually cried out when she let my member slip inside her mouth. She let out a pleased sound as she tried to suck me, her cheeks drawing in with the motion.

She still wasn't that skilled, but her enthusiasm compared to Serena more than made up for it. There was a playful look in her eyes as she looked up at me. More than getting me under control, it looked like she was genuinely curious to see what it'd be like to make me cum.

Seeing that, I couldn't hold back anymore after she passionately sucked me off for several minutes.

"Hnnghh…!"

I let out a load inside her mouth. It wasn't as much as with Serena, since it was my second load, but my arousal still made it a big one.

She didn't pull out like Serena did, letting me cum inside her mouth, before she eventually pulled back, unable to swallow it all.

"...Gulp… There, I swallowed it. Is he under our control now?"

Somehow, I was able to remain in control.

"Ugh, are you kidding me?! Just how tough is this guy?!"

Arnes said, watching me in disbelief.

"...Hah… Does that mean… I have to do this too?"

Wolbach looked stunned. I suppose she thought her follower could finish the job.

"I'm sorry, Wolbach-sama! I suppose there's no other way!"

"...Very well. Although, is there even any use in doing the same thing? It's clear that it has no effect on him."

I wasn't about to tell her that I was pretty close to giving in at this point. It was a miracle I was still in control of myself.

"B-But that means… Wolbach-sama…"

Wolbach sighed and started to disrobe. This was my first time seeing her strip, so I couldn't take my eyes away.

She was more curvier than Darkness, making her the most stacked woman I had seen naked thus far. Not only that, but she had an otherworldly allure about her, something I had only sensed in Aqua. And then I remembered that she was supposed to be a dark goddess.

Arnes looked in concern at her master.

"Wolbach-sama… Do you have any experience in this regard?"

Was she really trying to gauge her own master's body count?

Wolbach shook her head.

"...Was there any need to? More than anything, whenever the men stared at me when I went into a mixed bath, I only felt embarrassed…"

What was a dark goddess even doing in a bathhouse?

Such thoughts disappeared from my mind as Wolbach walked over, gently touching my member as she looked down at me. She cut a dominating figure, as she was taller than me, and her breasts casted a shadow on me.

There were a lot of guys who would kill for this kind of treatment…

Like Arnes, she was quite clumsy, but she was a fast learner. Within a few strokes, I was already rock hard for her.

Perhaps it was also due to the fact that she was simply on another level, even among the beauties in this room. Like Aqua, her body was incomparable to other humans.

Actually, I learned that there was another big difference.

Aqua's divinity was weakened, as she was chosen as the 'item' I could bring along.

There were also rules from heaven about goddesses not being able to influence the real world at their full power. Otherwise, a full-powered Aqua and Eris-sama could probably deal with the demon king pretty easily.

However, I suppose someone like a dark goddess didn't need to follow such rules.

Wolbach's divinity was in full effect, which was slightly higher than the one I felt with Aqua. Just being close to her filled me with awe, and I couldn't take my eyes away from her features.

Not only that, but when she eventually climbed onto my lap, I felt my member brush against her most intimate spot…

"Ahhh…!"

I felt a wave of pleasure and elation fill me, just from the most minimal contact.

"Let's see… Does this go here…?"

I was already feeling all these mind-blowing sensations, while Wolbach was only just trying to figure out how to get me inside.

She took my shaft and rubbed it against her womanhood. Only after a few moments of grinding did she start to blush, as she felt the first waves of pleasure.

At this point, I didn't even care anymore. As soon as she started to get wet and I felt her sacred nectar on me, I just wanted to put it in.

Eventually, I got my wish.

It was her first time, so she was slow while doing it, but I was soon gasping for breath as I felt her taking me in.

I was actually the one who finalized the connection, as I instinctively jutted my hips up, piercing through the barrier of her hymen, and I felt her warm, tight walls completely surrounding me.

She tried to hide it, but I could tell she felt something, even if she wasn't expecting it. It was her first time, after all. She looked into my eyes as she started to move. She was clumsy and didn't know what to do, so I got impatient and started thrusting up inside her, dictating the pace.

It was a bit hard to move with my hands tied behind me in the chair, and I wanted to touch her so badly, but I made do with steady hip-thrusts, seeking my own pleasure while also wanting to give this literal goddess her own slice of pleasure.

She moaned and embraced my head, pushing her breasts up against my face, when I found her weak spot. She stopped moving, not wanting to lose the perfect angle, as I completely took over and thrusted against that same spot over and over.

Her warm, wet walls constricting me, that divine pleasure spreading to every part of my body, her breasts pushed up against my face, filling my nose with her perfumed scent, mixed with the arousing smell of sex…

It was enough to make me lose myself.

I already knew that Serena's power was taking control of me, but I didn't care. All reason was gone. All I wanted to do was make this dark goddess mine, make Wolbach scream for me as I unleashed my cum deep inside her.

"Ahh… Ahhh…!"

"...This is… I'm…!"

"Do it, Wolbach-sama! Let's cum together!"

I moaned into her chest as she pulled my head closer, all while filling her up with seed as she shook around me, sharing an intermingling climax.

I let her enjoy the afterglow, prolonging her shaking orgasm as long as possible by licking circles around her nipple.

…And just like that, I became their puppet.

Part 5

Now that I was under their control, they let me out of the room.

They also gave me back my things, including my phone.

"...Kazuma-san! What are you doing?! Mama and the others are looking for you! …Where are you right now?"

When I used appuri-chan, I made sure to go to another location, so that she couldn't send our current base's location to the others.

"Nevermind that. Show me what's new."

"...So rude! Well, it seems that you unlocked a brand new skill that we haven't seen before! Well, that's happened before, so I'm not surprised. Oh, you also finally unlocked a new quest list."

"Why did it take so long?!"

"It's gonna take longer the higher you level up, since it's gonna take a while to calculate your growth… Wait, I already explained this, didn't I?!"

I looked at my new skill first.

[Metamagic], Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (X mp)

You can push the limits of your spells, and magic-associated skills, in its complexity and application. Metamagic options are unlocked as you discover them.

Meta-Control Spell (20 mp cost): Along with the speed and direction, you can influence the frequency and oscillation of waves produced by your chosen spell, as long as it is physically possible.

Ah, I guess what I did by pushing the limits of [Control Spell] let me unlock this skill…

After that, I looked at the quests I unlocked.

Escape Serena's Control! Quest Reward: You learn the [Overwhelm] skill

Defeat the fifth floor boss! Quest Reward: Random Loot Box

Place in the top 5 during midterms! Quest Reward: Learn the skill [Fast Learning]

Escape Serena-sama's control? Now why would I want to do that?

As for the midterms, that didn't really matter anymore. All that matters is helping Serena-sama achieve her goals…

I turned the phone off, deactivating Appuri-chan, before returning to the base.

"I have returned, Serena-sama…"

"...You know, since I know how troublesome you were, having you be obedient to me seems so strange."

Serena-sama said, when I greeted her inside the abandoned building.

"I didn't know why I was so rude to you. Especially since you're so kind as to give me lewd services whenever I want…"

When the others heard that, their heads snapped to us in attention.

"Eh? Satou gets lewd services?!"

"What kind of lewd services?!"

"How come we only get to see your panties, Serena-sama?!"

Serena-sama panicked, once I revealed the conditions of my servitude.

"T-That's not important! Everyone, go back to your posts!"

The other servants had no choice but to head back to their positions, unable to inquire further.

"...Are you really under my control? It seems you're going out of your way to cause me problems."

"I would never think to do that, Serena-sama. Oh, by the way, as you instructed, I must inform you that your control over me will slip soon."

"What?! Why?!"

"It seems that my gratitude to you is running out… After all, the most I got from Serena-sama is an unenthusiastic handjob and blowjob. If you want to have my complete loyalty, you'll have to go all the way like Wolbach-sama did."

"...Why are you so high-maintenance?"

"Oh, my. You seem so reluctant to do it with me… I feel the control slipping."

"I'll do it! I'll do it later, just let me mentally prepare myself, OK?!"

"...! Thank you so much, Serena-sama! Did you hear that, everyone? Your precious master Serena-sama promised to give her body to…"

Before I could speak, Serena-sama placed her hands over my mouth.

"Shush! Everyone, ignore this guy and go back to work! …Really, I feel like you're doing this on purpose to sabotage me!"

"I wouldn't dare to…"

She sighed and said,

"Well, no matter. We have a mission with Wolbach today."

"Oh, so we're gonna do missionary tonight?"

"That's not what I meant and you know it! Ugh… Just come with me!"

"Yes, Serena-sama!"

I followed Serena-sama as she took me to Wolbach-sama.

"So, Wolbach-sama, you'd prefer to do missionary tonight?"

Wolbach-sama turned when I addressed her and rubbed her chin in thought.

"Yeah, I guess we can try it out…"

"Wolbach… He means the mission…"

Wolbach blushed when Serena corrected her.

"Oh! Yes, of course… Hey, Serena… Is this man really under your control? Why is he going out of his way to tease us?"

"...I have the same concerns, but it seems like he's fully under my control… I think he's just an asshole."

So they made that conclusion about me as well.

I guess it doesn't matter which side I'm on.

"Anyway… Our mission is to sabotage your kingdom's military… With you on our side, we should have enough information on how best to cripple them…"

"I see…"

So they were taking the next step in their plans, huh?

We went on the humvees they stole from that failed operation from before. Since this was a stealth mission, it was just us three who went along, while Arnes-sama and everyone else stayed in the base.

I led them to the military base I went to last time, to retrieve the helicopter parts from Hyoizaburo-san.

Then, using what I remembered from last time, I pointed them to some hangars.

"There are aircraft in there, such as attack helicopters and even a few fighter jets."

This military base had an airfield, so there were a lot of aircraft stationed there. Destroying them would be quite a huge blow.

"...What's a helicopter and a fighter jet?"

Wolbach said, tilting her head in confusion.

"I believe it was those flying creatures that were like wyverns that gave quite a lot of problems to Hans and Sylvia…"

Serena said, explaining it to Wolbach-sama in their world's terms.

"Yes, and there is also quite a powerful dragon here in Japan…"

"...! There are dragons here as well?!"

"Yes, it's in my pants."

"..."

They ignored me.

We parked the humvee a fair distance away from the base, then Wolbach-sama held her hand out to us. Serena took it.

"Oh? Are we gonna have a threesome now? You wanna see my dragon that badly?"

"Focus on the task at hand! And I wouldn't go as far as to describe it as a dragon…"

Wolbach sighed and said,

"We're going to teleport in and I will use explosion to deal with those 'aircraft' you mentioned, then we will quickly teleport out."

Megumin could only release one explosion before collapsing, but it seems that Wolbach-sama could even teleport twice afterwards. As expected of a dark goddess…

I took her hand and I felt the familiar sensation of teleport lurching me discomfitingly through spacetime.

I felt like I was still in Point A, even though we were already in Point B, like my soul left my body and inhabited a new one.

With a shake of my head, I followed them.

Wolbach held her hands out to the targets and chanted.

Then, with a wave of her hands…

"...Explosion!"

A mighty explosion, more powerful and devastating than the ones I had seen from Megumin, assaulted the military base.

Alarms rang out and personnel were quick to head outside. But before they could set their sights on us, Wolbach-sama took our hands and we teleported back to the humvee.

From there, I drove us back, since the others didn't really have a clue on how to drive a modern vehicle.

I didn't check with Appuri-chan yet, but I was willing to bet that I unlocked a driving skill while driving the humvee. Otherwise, I didn't think that I could drive such a thing on my own.

After the successful operation, we headed back to our base.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JOJOBRN, OtroWey and 269 others
BoringBone
Feb 1, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 39: A Divine Artifact For This Puppet!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Feb 17, 2025
Add bookmark
#920
A/N: An AU story of Kazuma unlocking the 'Pervert' class instead of the 'Adventurer' class is now available on my Patreon! Please check it out if you want to support me! You can also vote if you want to see more of that story!


Chapter 39: A Divine Artifact For This Puppet!

Part 1

"...So, what's our plan here, anyway?"

I asked my masters after we attacked the military base.

It was Serena-sama who answered,

"Are you asking what we plan to do from now on? Well, we're going to take it slow, attacking strategic locations like military bases and slowly acquiring more puppets."

"Ehh… Is that really such a good idea?"

"What do you mean by that?"

I gestured to all of the app-users with us in the base.

"You know, it's not like we were born with these powers. The app was the thing that gave us these abilities, so… Can't the gods who designed them just take the powers away? If you acquire the majority of the app-users, they might just decide to do that."

"I-Is that really how it works?!"

I shrugged and said,

"Well, not like I know. But I need to tell you if I think of something that will go against your plans, right?"

"...There's no need to tell us about speculations that might not even mean anything. That will just make us doubt our plans. Wait, is that what you're trying to do?!"

"Of course not… Why would I do that to my precious masters?"

"Why do you sound so sarcastic when you say that?"

Wolbach-sama eyed me for a few seconds, then said,

"We might need to give him some commands that he won't be able to sneak his way out of."

Serena-sama nodded and said,

"Oh, how about I make him worship Regina-sama, so he will become a follower as well?"

Wolbach shook her head before I could respond.

"...No, I know how a contract between a follower and goddess works. That will just backfire on you."

"Eh? What do you mean?"

"If you make him a follower of the dark goddess Regina, you will just make it so that Regina's powers are split between him and you. Not only will you decrease your own power, but Regina's blessings will apply to him as well…"

"I see… That was a close one."

I nodded and said,

"Indeed… That was a close one…"

"You were going to take advantage of that loophole just now, if Wolbach didn't say anything, weren't you?!"

"No, of course not, Serena-sama."

"...I don't believe you. Well, are there even any commands we can give him that will ensure he doesn't betray us?"

Wolbach-sama rubbed her chin in thought.

"I'm not sure. If only the demon king's daughter were here, since she is an expert on geas contracts… Well, we'll just have to think carefully."

They then sat at a table, and I watched them as they tried to think of ideas on how to command me.

"...Let's see… Ah, what about if we command him to get rid of his morals?"

"Does he even have morals?"

"...I guess he doesn't."

After some consulting, they came up with a command.

"You are not allowed to scheme against us or the demon king army. All your hostile actions and intent shall be redirected to our enemies, which are the fighting forces of your world."

They really made sure that I couldn't misinterpret their command by being as specific as possible.

I nodded and smiled.

"Got it! That sounds good!"

"Wait, why does he sound so excited?!"

"Maybe we worded it wrong?!"

They were so paranoid around me, for some reason.

Even though I was just a low level scrub.

Speaking of which…

"Is there any way for me to train and level up, by the way? My master's enemies will only get stronger. If I, or the other app-users here, are going to stagnate, then your enemies will soon surpass us."

They blinked once I made that suggestion.

"You know, he's right…"

Wolbach-sama thought about it for a few minutes, then said,

"Then, I guess I'll try my hand at making my own dungeon…"

This was news to me.

Could Wolbach-sama make her own dungeon?

Then again, she did make a copycat version of the app for Megumin.

And being a goddess, although a dark goddess, should give her the same capabilities as the goddesses, I suppose.

"Well, then. I shall summon the Instrument of Creation…"

Just when I was wondering what this epic item was going to be…

A rather basic mid-ranged laptop showed up.

It had a sleek, black exterior and there was a logo of a demon with horns at the back of the screen.

With things like the app, and even the remote control that could view the material world in Eris-sama's realm…

Why were these divine creations so modern?

"Um… That's a laptop, isn't it?"

I asked Wolbach-sama, as she took out a pair of glasses and put it on, while sitting in front of the laptop and opening it.

"I'm not sure. I just stole the design from the goddesses, after all. Just like the app."

So she didn't even know what a laptop was?

And from what Aqua said, she just plagiarized the concept of the app and even Appuri-chan from the ancient civilization of Norse in the other world…

One that had a Japanese reincarnate in it.

…So this laptop was that guy's doing, huh?

I watched as Wolbach-sama brought out something that looked suspiciously like a word processor.

"...How do you do this again?"

She said, squinting her eyes at the screen.

Then, while using her two index fingers, like a granny, she proceeded to type:

<!DOCTYPE html>

"..."

I stared at those words.

"Um… Wolbach-sama?"

"What is it? Can't you see I'm focusing here?"

"Just for reference… What does html mean?"

"Oh, it stands for 'Heavenly Text Markup Language'."

"..."

Was she serious?

She then proceeded to make an href link to a CSS file.

By the way, apparently CSS means Celestial Style Sheets.

Are you telling me the dungeon system was made with HTML, of all things?

I continued watching her. She then made elements called <floor> and <wall>.

Then in the CSS file, she typed in:

wall{width: 3in; height:8ft; color: rgb(222,184,135);}

"..."

Wolbach-sama glanced at me again and smirked.

"What's the matter, Satou Kazuma? Are you impressed by the creation power of the gods? Trust me, I was overwhelmed by this technology as well, and it took me a long time to learn it."

I looked away from her.

"Um… I'm sorry to say, but this is pretty basic stuff, isn't it?"

"Hah?!"

The normally composed Wolbach-sama stood up from her chair, apparently offended by my words.

"What do you mean by that?! I bet a mere mortal like you can't even comprehend what's going on here!"

"Do you have a manual, or something?"

"I do, but I doubt you can understand the sacred text!"

She then snapped her fingers and a yellow and black book appeared in her hand.

'HTML and CSS Dungeon Design For DUMMIES'.

"...Um, it says it's for dummies."

"I-If that's true, then why don't you read it?! I bet you won't understand any of the sacred teachings!"

I nodded and took the book and read it.

About a half an hour later, I came back and took her place at the laptop.

"W-What's this…?! This wasn't the magic formula that was taught in the book?!"

I got the basic idea from reading that book, so I applied the little bit of Python I learned when I got bored during my NEET days.

It was just entry-level stuff I learned from random YouTube guides, but it was still better than this technologically clueless dark goddess.

And so, I managed to design my very own dungeon using heavenly code.

Part 2

With the laptop, I managed to make a simple dungeon.

However, since monsters were directly transferred from the other world, the dungeon didn't have things like goblins and kobolds.

Instead, it had animated constructions like golems and elementals.

"...To think you can actually make a dungeon in that short amount of time…"

Wolbach-sama said, impressed by the result, as she followed me inside the floating door that manifested inside our base.

"Wait, why is it just one long hallway?"

She was confused by my design choice.

I took out a foldable chair and sat in front of the dungeon entrance.

"[Smithing], [Create Trap]..."

I used the active and passive skill to create a pitfall in front of me.

"Eh? What's this?"

Wolbach-sama looked absolutely confused as I slouched against the chair.

Before answering her, I just showed her the true mechanism of this dungeon.

Soon, runes on the wall that made up the end of the hallway started glowing.

Then, the earth around the wall shifted and formed into golems.

Unlike regular monsters, golems had no mind of their own and only followed the directions given by the dungeon core.

And so, they mindlessly walked towards the pitfall trap I made.

"T-This is…"

Wolbach-sama watched as the golems fell one-by-one inside the pitfall trap.

Since the trap was part of the dungeon, the golems returned to the earth as the dungeon reabsorbed the materials, which it then reused to create more golems.

Furthermore, the trap was made with my skill, so I got all the EXP for all the deaths it caused.

I had been looking for ways to power farm in the original dungeon.

But there were so many hazards and special circumstances that prevented that.

However, now that I have my own dungeon…

I could do things my way.

With the [Solo-Leveling] skill, I also got some extra EXP whenever a golem died.

"Fufu… It's an AFK mob farm…"

"...I feel like this is cheating, isn't it?"

Wolbach-sama said, as she watched the endless line of golems falling to their doom.

"Hah? Who cares if it's cheating, as long as we win?"
"I know that I'm supposed to be a Demon King general, but that still leaves a bad taste in my mouth."

I thought that she'd insist on fighting honorably, but she soon shook her head.

"Well, this is fine. It's better if the war ends without any further conflict. If you become powerful enough to help us subdue the governments of your world, then that's all the better."

"...What's the real reason why the Demon King wants to take over our world, anyway?"

I understood that he had problems with the humans of his world, but what do we have to do with it?

Wolbach-sama seemed to consider it, then she said,

"I guess I can tell you. It's not exactly a secret, anyway. You see, a certain mage joined the Demon King army and introduced the portals to us. Once the secret of the portals were known to us, Vanir the all-seeing devil revealed the existence of other worlds…"

Vanir also suddenly confirmed the multiple-worlds theory to me, without even any warning as to how it would affect my perception of reality.

I guess that guy was a pain for both sides.

"The Demon King then concluded that if our world discovered the ability to hop between dimensions, surely, the many other worlds out there must have also done the same thing. Rather than risk invasion from a more powerful world, he decided to start conquering your world, in order to increase our chance of survival against other worlds."

So I suppose it was a matter of existential fear that drove the Demon King's actions, rather than a thirst for conquest.

…Vanir didn't mention this at all. That guy really couldn't be trusted!

"Do the goddesses know about this?"

Wolbach-sama shrugged.

"Even if they did know, what are they going to do? It's not like they can allow demons to invade your world. That goes against everything they stand for."

I suppose that made sense.

We were just unlucky that our dimension was the one they could access.

When I thought about it, would it be better to surrender to the Demon King after all?

From what Iris said, he seemed to treat the kingdoms he annexed in his world fairly.

And he did have legitimate concerns about more powerful, more hostile worlds with superior arcane knowledge and tech, possibly coming to invade not only the other world, but this world as well.

Perhaps having one centralized power based on the Demon King's mighty army, which had already conquered his world, was better than relying on the many governments of this world trying… and most likely failing… to come together to face a superior threat.

"Are you convinced of our cause now, Satou Kazuma?"

Wolbach-sama said, studying my expression curiously.

"Hmm… I'm not convinced."

I said this before, but the best scenario was humanity winning against the Demon King army.

Why? For the simple reason that I was human. Of course I'd prefer it if my side won.

And even if the current Demon King was fair and magnanimous, that didn't guarantee that his successors would be the same.

The next Demon King could be a tyrant hellbent on the complete submission, or maybe even annihilation, of humanity.

Even if the Demon King army were to install a democratic system which allows even a human being to run for the office of 'Demon King'...

Then why couldn't humanity helm that system of government from the start? Why let the demons dictate everything?

"...Ah, I think Serena-sama's control is slipping, Wolbach-sama."

I was beginning to think that humanity should win over Serena-sama's side.

"...! This isn't good… What should I do…"

In a panic, Wolbach-sama started unbuckling my pants. Then, she went down on her knees before me as I sat on the chair.

I looked down at her and whistled,

"...That was fast. You sure have gotten used to being on your knees, huh?"

She looked up at me warily as she took my cock out and started jerking me off.

"Who's really the one in charge here…?"

She was doubting if they were really in control.

I grabbed her horns and shoved her down, pressing my cock against her face.

"Ah, whoops. Wolbach-sama, I can't remain as your slave unless you entertain my sadistic tendencies… You better start sucking me off like the good little goddess you are…"

"Are you really our slave or what?!"

The line started to blur at some point.

Part 3

After AFK farming golems, I gained a new level.

I thought this would be efficient, but the process was slow, since golems were pretty low level monsters.

Still, it was a good alternative for the real dungeon.

I went to a separate location again and turned on my phone.

"Kazuma-san! You keep turning me off!"

"...I gained a level, right?"

"Are you ignoring what I'm saying?! And, yeah. Also, you qualify for the 'Thief' class now. Would you like to change your class?"

I did gain a lot of 'Speed' since the last level-up.

"Hmm… Sure, I guess I might as well."

I changed to the 'Thief' class.

"By the way, what are the exclusive thief skills?"

"Let's see… There's [Treasure Detection], [Wire Trap], [Skill Bind], [Lockpick], [Disarm Trap] and [Catfall]."

There was quite a lot.

It made sense, since thief was a skill-based class.

As for the skill point I gained from leveling up…

More and more, it was apparent to me that [Smithing] was an incredibly useful skill.

It certainly helped me out a lot in the past.

You have upgraded the [Smithing] skill to Rank 2!

[Smithing] Skill Rank: 2, Passive Skill

You are proficient in creating and repairing items! The success rate of this skill is determined by your 'Creativity' (76). At Rank 2, you can create, combine and repair items of the 'Uncommon' variety. Combining compatible items of the 'Uncommon' variety might yield an item of 'Rare' variety.

I turned off my phone went back to the base and gathered some app-users.

Then, with Serena-sama accompanying us, I took them to a separate area.

"...Hah? You want me to attack you with a skill? Are you sure?"

An app-user said, once I made my request.

My goal was to unlock those thief skills.

"Well, you asked for it… Fireba…!"

"Oh, look, Serena-sama is naked!"

"Eh?! Really?!"

The guy turned around and cancelled his attack.

"...Why are you using me for this? And why did you look?"

Serena-sama said to me and the app-user, who actually fell for my bluff.

I took out my phone to see if I unlocked the skill.

You unlocked [Skill Bind]!

[Skill Bind] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (15 mp)

Prevents the activation of an active skill. This skill will cost more mana when used against magic-based skills, starting at 5 mp for Elementary Magic. This skill also has a cooldown of 1 minute after it is used.

…This was a pretty powerful skill, especially in terms of debuffing the opponent.

The thief class was full of skills like that.

The extra mana requirement for magic skills was a shame, but I suppose that some restrictions were expected.

As for the other skills…

"Do I seriously have to do this?"

Another guinea pig, I mean, app-user said, staring at the wire I tied to a tree.

"Yeah. Serena-sama, tell him he has to do it."

"...Please do it."

With Serena-sama ordering him, he had no choice but to do it.

"W-Why did you raise the wire?! You could have decapitated me?!"

He said, when I made adjustments as he ran to the wire.

"Well, I didn't think I'd learn the skill if I didn't move the wire. It's supposed to be an active skill, after all."

"That doesn't excuse you almost killing me! That's a steel wire, right?!"

I ignored his complaints and checked my phone again.

[Wire Trap] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp)

Lay a series of wires between two points, preventing passage. Your 'Cunning' (85) determines the effectiveness of the blockage.

All the other skills I intended to unlock in the dungeon, so I went to work on unlocking [Catfall].

I climbed up a tree, then, when I was at the top…

I jumped down and deftly landed on my feet.

The rank 2 [Versatile Entertainer] helped me in that regard, since it amplified my acrobatic skill.

You unlocked [Catfall]!

[Catfall] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are adept at landing on your feet after falling from a great height. If you are to take fall damage, reduce it by 10%.

This was the kind of skill I'd usually avoid in RPGs.

Mostly because dying from fall damage was pretty rare.

Also, save scumming mechanics kind of makes the skill redundant.

But in real life, there was no such thing as quicksaves.

And I didn't have Aqua around to revive me.

…Aqua.

Her blue hair and her smug smile flashed in my head.

I wonder how she's doing?

I thought about her jokes, the banter we'd have.

The intimate moments, the feeling of her skin on mine…

"..."

What am I doing here?

Isn't it obvious? I have to learn skills to serve Serena-sama.

Serena… You mean that Demon King general who tricked you? Why am I serving her?

…Because you owe her a favor! She gave her body to you!

Hah…? But I can do that anytime with Aqua! Not to mention Rin…

I miss them…

…The control is slipping.

Quick, I have to tell Serena-sama…!

"Serena-sama… I…"

Wait! Don't tell them the effect is slipping!

But… I can't scheme against them. That was one of the commands.

Do something! Even if it's insignificant! Small enough that you don't have to tell them what you did!

I looked at my phone. It was still on.

Normally, I'd turn it off by now, but…

"Serena-sama, I'm ready to return to the base."

She nodded, sighing in relief.

"Good. Everyone, let's head back."

We headed back.

Part 4

We headed back and I kept working on the laptop, making adjustments to the dungeon.

On the back of my mind, I thought about the phone I left on.

I knew Appuri-chan was working.

She was communicating with them.

An hour later…

No one sensed what was about to happen.

The door was kicked open.

Then military personnel came in, laser-sights sweeping the room.

"Freeze! Nobody move!"

Wolbach-sama glanced around at all the soldiers surrounding us. She said,

"...How did they find us?!"

A certain blue-haired girl came out from behind the soldiers, waving at me.

"Appuri-chan! Good girl! Thanks for sending us his location!"

"Ehehe! Thanks, mama!"

Serena-sama heard the voice coming from my pocket and took out my phone.

"...You left this thing on, huh? I guess I'm starting to lose control of you."

Before I could respond, Chris suddenly appeared at our blind spot.

"...!!!"

She must have used [Lurk], because I didn't sense her at all.

I couldn't warn her in time as she stabbed Serena-sama with her dagger.

"Nghk…?!"

Chris let out a shocked grunt of pain as a stab wound appeared in the same place she stabbed Serena-sama.

Serena-sama lifted her hand, and I thought she would strike back at Chris, but…

"[Heal!]"

I didn't know why, but she healed Chris.

I sighed in relief, seeing the wound on Chris's body close up.

…Oh, wait.

She planned that.

The gratefulness I felt to Serena-sama for healing Chris made that familiar feeling of losing control fill my mind once more.

"Serena-sama! Let me heal you!"

I hurriedly came to Serena-sama's side and healed the wound.

"Tsk… Kazuma-kun is still under their control, huh?"

Chris said, backing away. I was surprised she was able to shake off the control, since she was also healed.

Did she have some kind of protection against mind-control?

"Everyone! Serena has some kind of ability that reflects damage! Don't attack her recklessly!"

The enemy knew about my master's ability now.

Hearing the commotion, Arnes-sama and Wolbach-sama soon arrived. Not only that, but Hoost-sama also came with them.

"Oh? Everyone's here, huh?"

Arnes said, looking around until she saw a girl with glowing red eyes pushing past the formation of soldiers.

It was Megumin.

"...Arnes… Wolbach… Not only did you trick me, but you even took Kazuma!"

I took out Chunchunmaru and stepped in front of my masters.

"...Don't come any closer, Megumin. I won't allow you to hurt my precious masters!"

"Hah?! What are you on about?! I don't care if you're being mind-controlled or whatever, step aside, Kazuma!"

Soon, the others made their way past the soldiers, who pointed their guns at the converted app-users and soldiers on our side.

For the first time in several days, I saw Mitsurugi and everyone else. Mitsurugi looked at me with a concerned expression.

"Satou… It must have been tough, huh? Don't worry, we came to rescue you."

"...Hah? Why are you talking like I'm some kind of damsel-in-distress?"

He blinked at me.

"Excuse me? I'm just saying that we're here to rescue you."

"I don't need rescuing! I'm happy to serve Serena-sama and the others!"

"That's just the mind control working!"

Rin stepped forward, followed by Yunyun.

"Please, senpai! You managed to break free from the control earlier, right? Please try to do that again!"

"Surely the strong Kazuma-san can do that!"

Darkness smiled as she stepped forward as well.

"Come join our side again, Kazuma!"

"Everyone…"

Serena-sama pulled me back, then reached around and grabbed my junk. I also felt her chest on my back.

"...Oho?"

I looked up to see a blushing Serena-sama.

"P-Please don't leave my side, Kazuma. I need you… Um… Y-You're my favorite follower, after all!"

That didn't seem genuine at all.

Still, the pleasure I felt from her hand was pretty enticing.

Aqua pointed at us.

"Ahh! Kazuma, I can't believe you're actually falling for that kind of low-level seduction! Hurry up and come back home with us, already! If you just want to do lewd stuff, I can do lots of lewd stuff with you at home!"

Lewd stuff with Aqua…

I did miss that…

Arnes latched onto me as well, hugging my arm. Naturally, I felt her breasts brush up on me.

"Ohooo…"

What a pleasant sensation.

"D-Don't listen to your previous lovers! H-Hey, um… like Serena said, I've really grown to like you! So stay with us!"

That didn't really sound that convincing.

Should I just go back to Aqua and the others, after all?

"Arnes… The control is slipping!"

"That's because your act is so fake!"

"You're telling me that?! You're the one who's a bad actress!"

So they were just acting, huh?

Just as I was about to start walking back to Aqua…

Wolbach wrapped her arms around me from behind.

Of course, her big breasts smooshed against my back.

"Ohohoooo…"

This sensation just can't be beat!

Then, she whispered in my ear.

"...Remember, I can just cast explosion and teleport. I can wipe out all your friends in an instant… Aren't you grateful to us that I'm not doing that?"

I let her words sink in.

"Yes, Wolbach-sama…"

More than seduction or anything else…

That was what I was most grateful for.

Mitsurugi glared and took out Gram.

"Tsk… Talking isn't working. Let's just use force!"

The soldiers nodded and aimed their guns.

Then, they started firing.

"[Tornado]!"

Only for the spell-casting app-users on our side to summon a huge tornado around us, which not only deflected the bullets but blew back the enemies.

Once the tornado was dispelled, we made our retreat.

"Don't let them escape!"

We knew the layout of the base better, so we all headed to our escape route.

Then, to prevent them from chasing…

"[Wire Trap]!"

I released the wires and created a barricade before they could pursue us down the hall.

Then, we took the exit and left the building.

"I think we should cut our losses. Let's teleport and leave behind the others."

Wolbach-sama said, grabbing my hand.

"We can't afford to lose our whole fighting force!"

Serena-sama said, looking at all the controlled app-users and soldiers.

"...There's no choice, then. We'll have to stay and fight."

Outside of the base, there was an open field that led up to a hill. We tried to get as much high ground as we could before the others emerged from the base.

Then, when we gained enough distance…

Arnes-sama and Hoost-sama flew up into the air.

They started chanting together.

"[Inferno]!"

They released a large, fiery blast at the building, just as the others were starting to come out.

"[Sacred Create Water]!"

Only for Aqua to put out the flames.

And with that, the battle started for real.

Part 5

Magic and gunfire filled the battlefield, with shields, both magical and physical, blocking the damage, while those who were heavily-armored merely tanked the hit and charged forward, seeking the enemy backline.

Even more so than the war in Shibuya, it was a violent affair, as it was a battle between app-users and soldiers with dungeon-enhanced weapons.

As for the two with the most powerful magic at their disposal, Megumin and Wolbach stared at each other from afar, the both of them reserving their powerful explosion magic until the very end.

"Satou! Aqua-sama wants you back! Don't make her sad anymore! [Overwhelm]!"

Mitsurugi charged through the frontline of app-users, and continued his rush towards me.

"Tsk… That guy's pretty strong, huh? [Black Lightning]!"

A black lightning bolt emerged from the skies and moved to strike Mitsurugi.

"[Rune Thief]! [Rune Control]!"

When I maxed out my bond rank with Mitsurugi, I gained the [Rune Warrior] skill.

[Rune Thief] was the skill he obtained.

He absorbed the black lightning fired by Arnes-sama. Black sparks of energy zapped around his body, as his hair started to turn a deep black, his eyes gleaming purple.

He then disappeared in a blur of black and appeared directly in front of Arnes-sama, even as she was flying in the air.

"[Black Lightning Slash]!"

"Gack…!"

He struck Arnes-sama down with Gram, which was infused with the black lightning.

Serena-sama moved right away, running to heal Arnes-sama, as Hoost-sama came to attack Mitsurugi to keep him away.

"[Decoy]!"

Hoost-sama turned his attention away from Mitsurugi and turned to Darkness.

She held her spear in front of her and struck the end of it on the ground.

"C-Come here and violate me, you big, muscular demon!"

She was as masochistic as usual.

Hoost-sama flew towards Darkness instead, using his razor sharp claws to try and cut her, but she kept him at bay with the range of her spear.

With Hoost-sama occupied, Mitsurugi had a clear path towards me.

"I'm gonna beat you out of that mind-control, Satou!"

"That's not how it works! You're just gonna be beating me up for no reason!"

"I'm fine with that!"

This bastard just wants an excuse to kick my ass.

"[Rune Control]!"

He disappeared in another blur of speed. I couldn't react as he used the hilt of Gram to hit me on the stomach.

"Gack…!"

He attempted to grab me, but Wolbach-sama moved just in time to intercept.

"[Crimson Laser]!"

Mitsurugi was forced to back away from me, as a deadly red beam shot out from Wolbach-sama's finger tips. It created a deep crevice on the ground between Mitsurugi and me.

She was about to use another spell, but Yunyun teleported behind Mitsurugi.

"[Light of Refraction]!"

They disappeared from view, making Wolbach-sama snuff out the flames forming on her hand by closing it.

"Where did they go…"

Wolbach-sama said, as she looked around.

"I'll find them! [Tracking]!"

Their footprints appeared in front of me, as if they were highlighted.

"Over there! [Wind Blade]!"

I created a sweeping slash of razor-sharp wind in the direction where I tracked them.

"[Rune Thief]!"

Mitsurugi used that skill again. Even as the invisibility dropped, his hair and eyes started glowing green.

"[Rune Control]!"

Then, wind formed around him and he started to fly in the air.

"[Wind Blade]!"

He started slashing Gram, sending multiple wind blades my way.

"[Lightning]!"

Wolbach-sama tried to strike him down, but he just moved out of the way.

"Tsk…! He's just gonna keep flying away from my spells… Is Arnes healed already?!"

She called out to Serena-sama. When we turned to look, I saw that they were fighting against Chris and Rin.

"I'm healed, Wolbach-sama! But we're busy here!"

Hoost-sama was also busy with Darkness, while the rest of our forces were engaged with the other app-users and soldiers.

I took out my bow and loaded it with an ice arrow.

"I'll deal with him! [Snipe]!"

Only to see the arrows bouncing away from the wind he created around himself.

He grinned and called out to me.

"Oiii, what's the matter, Satou? Don't wanna fight me up close? [Wind Blade]!"

We were forced to dodge again.

I didn't want to fight him in close combat, but he could shift the flow of the battle attacking us from afar.

"[Wind Blade]! [Rune Warrior]! [Control Spell]!"

I absorbed wind magic as well, then I controlled the wind around me and flew up to reach Mitsurugi.

He grinned as I took out my spear of thunder to attack him. He swept it aside with Gram.

"You've used up quite a bit of spells now, haven't you, Satou? Running low on mana, right?"

I didn't have the element of surprise, like I did with my opponents so far. Mitsurugi knew most of my strengths and weaknesses.

He slammed Gram into the spear, then rammed me with his shoulder, sending me back. Before I could react, he attacked me again, this time hitting my wrist with the flat side of Gram.

"Ahh!"

I was forced to drop the spear as I screamed out in pain.

He was overpowering me, and he wasn't even trying to really harm me. He could have killed me if he really wanted to.

"What's wrong, Satou? Can't use [Drain Touch]? Oh, right, you can't fly anymore if you do that, right?"

That smug smile of his…

He was really enjoying this.

"...Is this payback for the Aqua thing?"

I said, as I barely managed to dodge a vertical slash.

"Nah, we already settled that."

I couldn't dodge this time, as he feigned an attack with Gram, only to knee me in the gut.

"I already told you, I'm gonna beat the mind-control out of you!"

He charged at me again, however, this time, I managed to get a hold of him.

"[Drain Touch]!"

I was forced to undo the effects of the wind-empowered [Rune Warrior], as I focused on absorbing his mana.

He grinned as I desperately tried to hold on to him as I drained his mana.

"I know for a fact that [Rune Warrior] takes a bit of time to cast, right? It's a transformation, after all! Like how the Saiyans transform! You taught me that, remember?!"

So this guy was reading manga like I told him.

He was doing a good job of predicting my moves so far, but…

"Appuri-chan! I need the gator gloves!"

"Uuuu… I don't want you to fight against Mitsu-san, but I have no choice but to obey!"

The brutal alligator gloves appeared on my hands.

I punched Mitsurugi in the face with it, then kicked away from him.

"What are you doing?!"

I heard his voice trail off as I quickly fell away from him.

"[Smithing]!"

I used my shirt to create a parachute that would slow my fall.

Then, using that time…

"[Wind Rune Warrior]!"

I flew towards Mitsurugi again after getting rid of the parachute.

"It's just gonna be a war of attrition at this point, and I got a couple gifts from someone!"

He took out some manatite crystals and absorbed the power within.

"A gift…? Don't tell me…"

"Aqua-sama introduced me to Wiz-san! She's so nice, she gave me these for free!"

"WHAT?!"

That same Wiz who charged me an insane amount for magic items?!

Giving things away for free?!

Is the ikemen factor really that big of a deal breaker?!

"Unforgivable!!!"

I attacked Mitsurugi as rage took over my mind.

Part 6

Mitsurugi flew away from me as I yelled while pursuing him.

"H-Hey, what's your problem?! Why are you so mad all of a sudden?!"

"Death to normies! Death to pretty boys!"

"I think you have the wrong idea here!"

"You get it for free just 'coz you're a bit better looking than me, huh?!"

"...You're gonna run out of mana at this point, yanno? Well, that works out for me!"

He took out another manatite crystal.

"Steaaaal!"

I was trying to steal away the manatite crystal, even undoing the effect of [Rune Warrior] to do it.

But instead of the crystal, his sword, Gram, appeared in my hands.

"Hah! Obviously the cheat item would have more value!"

I put away Gram in my inventory, then took my bow out.

"[Rapid Shot]! [Snipe]!"

I quickly shot down the manatie crystal he was about to absorb.

"Gahhh!"

Now we were both out of our rune forms and were quickly falling down.

I thought he would have some problems, until Yunyun came in and teleported him down safely.

I thought about using my pants as a parachute, but I was already close to the ground.

So instead, I used a supercharged wind breath to slow my fall, then relied on [Catfall] and [Versatile Entertainer] to safely break my fall.

I didn't think that Mitsurugi would attack me without Gram, but he charged in and tried to hit me with a haymaker.

I raised my gloved fists just in time to block. The Brutal Alligator Gloves gave me some defense, but I still felt the force of his strike.

"[Drain Touch]!"

The next time he punched me, I blocked and grabbed his arm, draining his mana.

He took out a manatite crystal to replenish his mana while I drained it, then formed a fist over the crystal and managed to connect a right hook into my gut.

"Ackk…!"

I almost felt like vomiting. This guy was seriously strong.

Next, he threw the depleted crystal at me. I was momentarily distracted and couldn't block another punch that hit my chest.

"...I'm just gonna have to knock you unconscious and bring you back."

He said, as Yunyun watched in concern behind him, ready to support.

It was fortunate that I had my own support.

I did my job, bringing Mitsurugi to the ground.

"[Dimension Hell Break]!"

A dark sphere of energy flew from behind me, which made Yunyun teleport Mitsurugi away.

"Good job getting him down."

Wolbach-sama said, walking to my side.

"Kazuma, get away from that traitor!"

Megumin moved in for the first time, taking this opportunity to attack. She raised her staff, swinging it at Wolbach, but I raised my gloves to block the attack for Wolbach-sama. I endured the explosive knockback of Megumin's enchanted staff.

"[Heal]!"

I healed myself, as I already took a lot of damage.

I looked at the battlefield.

Our side was slowly losing, as their side had Aqua supporting their troops with her magic.

Meanwhile, our own heavy-hitters were too occupied to help.

"...We don't have a choice. I will have to make sacrifices to take them all out."

Wolbach-sama said, making her final decision.

"Use [Drain Touch] and give me the rest of your mana."

I nodded and did as she said, transferring my mana to her.

"Oh, no you don't!"

Megumin held out her staff, the red orb at the end glowing as she charged up her mana.

"Don't tell me she's planning to…"

"W-Wait, both of you… You'll kill all of us if you do this!"

Wolbach-sama chuckled and said,

"I'm a dark goddess. I can always just reincarnate. But taking out all of the enemy in one spot is a good deal for the Demon King army."

Megumin smirked, her eyes glowing even brighter than her staff.

"Oh, yeah? Well, we have an Arch-Priest that can just take her time resurrecting all of us later! Oi, Aqua, start running!"

Aqua peeked her head out from the crowd.

"What?! Are you serious, Megumin?! Oi, don't tell me you're actually serious?!"

These two lunatics!

Are all explosion magic users damaged in the head?!

"W-Wolbach-sama… Surely you don't mean that? W-Why is such a great dark goddess like you even so loyal to the Demon King army, anyway?!"

Going so far as to blow herself up… This is beyond what is expected of a general, right?!

"...I rule over the aspects of Destruction and Sloth. The Demon King not only wants to rule other worlds, but even lets me relax and laze around in my favorite bath houses whenever I'm not working. Even if humankind can offer me peace, they can't satisfy my craving for violence and destruction as well as the Demon King can…"

So it was a simple matter of nature.

I took my hands away from her, stopping the effect of [Drain Touch].

"T-This is crazy! I'm out!"

After hearing that she intended to blow up everyone around here, I felt Serena-sama's control over me completely fade away.

Not to mention I didn't even have enough mana to do anything.

Instead, I ran away to Megumin's side.

"Oi, Megumin! I'm back to normal now! You don't have to blow everything up!"

Her eyes never left Wolbach.

"...She's gonna use explosion no matter what we do. It's better if I make sure they're all dead, too, right?"

This girl really is crazy!

But it was true that there was nothing we could do, since Wolbach was fully intent on destroying all of us. And if Megumin stopped chanting, then that would mean that some members of the Demon King side might be able to get away.

So the only thing to do was stop Wolbach-sama from using explosion.

"Oi, Chris, get over here!"

I turned to Chris and Rin, who was still fighting Arnes and Serena.

"...Are you back to normal now?"

She said, looking at me doubtfully.

"Yes, just come here, quick!"

"I'm not letting you go!"

Arnes said, trying to chase Chris.

"[Escape]!"

Chris dodged Arnes's attack and made her way over to me.

"[Light Arrows]!"

Then Rin stopped Arnes and Serena from pursuing Chris with her light magic.

"What do you have planned, Kazuma-kun…"

"Do you know [Skill-Bind]?!"

"Yeah… But I don't have enough mana to stop something like what she's charging!"

And I was all out of mana, too.

"Oi, Mitsurugi! Got any more crystals?!"

"Sorry, I don't…"

We were screwed.

The only reason Wolbach hadn't fired the spell yet was because…

"Arnes! Hoost! Take Serena and fly away!"

"Yes, master!"

She was waiting for her key members to run away.

Meanwhile, Megumin was holding her explosion because she was trying to convince Aqua to run away as well.

"Just leave, Aqua!!!"

"You think I can just let everyone here die?!"

"We'll all be dead permanently if you can't resurrect us! Just go!"

"F-Fine!"

Aqua started running as well.

The others also heard what was going on and were trying to leave the area.

But there were so many.

It was only thanks to the soldiers' discipline that they were able to stay behind and make a path for Aqua, but the app-users were already stampeding away.

Especially the ones who broke out of control.

"Eeek?! I'm not dying here!"

"Move, move!"

"Gahh! I fell down! Ow, don't step on me!"

It was complete chaos.

I couldn't think of anything to do, and that was when I heard Darkness's voice.

"[Decoy]!"

With Hoost no longer fighting Darkness, she was free to move.

She put her armor away in her inventory and we saw her using her excellent physical stats to work, running away in her bodysuit.

In a moment, I saw what she was trying to do.

Wolbach took her eyes away from us to look at Darkness sprinting away. She pointed the magic energy gathering in her hands at Darkness.

"Wait! Darkness, what are you doing?!"

If she takes Wolbach's explosion head on, there will be nothing left…

Nothing but ashes.

Nothing to resurrect.

"Heh… Let me be cool for once!"

She gave me a beautiful smile.

"Oiiii, your name is Wolbach, right?! You wanna blow something up so bad?! Look at me! Look at this degenerate, masochistic Crusader over here! Go ahead and blow me up!"

"Darkness…!"

I tried calling out to her, but it was too late.

Wolbach released all of the mana she gathered.

"Explosion…!!!"

I stared in horror.

"[Teleport]!"

I heard Yunyun's voice.

Then I saw her grab Darkness, and they both disappeared.

Wolbach stared in disbelief as her explosion hit nothing but an empty field, creating a large, smoking crater.

"[Teleport]!"

Wolbach teleported away, seeing her explosion miss.

As for the explosion Megumin had been gathering…

She pointed her staff at the sky, where Arnes and the others were flying away.

"EXPLOSION!!!"

I could sense the anger in it.

The anger at the way they tricked her, from the way they hypnotized me…

Angry flames covered the sky, fiery flumes of expanding violence that withered away into black smoke.

When the smoke cleared, there was nothing left behind.

Part 7

"Wait, Megumin, the damage reflect!"

As soon as I spoke, Megumin's eyes widened.

She must have forgotten in the midst of the battle.

Not to mention how angry she was.

We waited, but nothing happened.

"Huh… Maybe they got away?"

Arnes shouldn't have enough mana to teleport, but maybe Hoost did.

"...There's no way explosion magic would ever betray me."

She said, after collapsing soon after.

It left her paralyzed everytime she used it, though.

"I'm glad to have you back, senpai!"

Rin said, wrapping her arms around me.

"I was so lonely without you!"

Yunyun did the same, tearfully embracing me.

I chuckled and hugged them back. I really did miss them.

It was my memories of them that eventually helped me slip out of my control from Serena.

…No, it wasn't out of fear out of my own life. It was surely the power of friendship.

Yeah, let's go with that.

"Hey… We said some hurtful things in the heat of the battle, but no hard feelings, right?"

Mitsurugi said, smiling weakly at me.

"..."

"Oi, just to let you know, Wiz-san gave me those crystals because she wanted to help you!"

So it was like that.

I smiled and shook his hand.

"I forgive you, pretty boy."

"...Never call me that again. Well, good to have you back."

I looked at Darkness, who was watching us. I gestured to her to come over.

I patted her head.

"W-What's this for? Aren't you gonna scold me for not doing enough in the battle?"

She was still looking for rough treatment, huh?

"...How can I do that? You were the MVP this time, weren't you?"

If it wasn't for her, Wolbach would have killed all of us by now.

And if she had enough time, she could have even teleported away and still survived.

"You did an amazing job, too, Yunyun."

"Ehe… Thank you!"

She had some clutch teleports.

Everyone fought together well, in general.

Maybe those MMO training sessions actually helped with team cohesion.

Even Rin, who was the most inexperienced, managed to stall Serena and Arnes along with Chris.

"Geez… You sure gave us a lot of trouble this time. Well, you always do that."

Chris said, after I finished giving Darkness and Yunyun their due praise.

"Don't worry, I gave them even more trouble than that."

"Is that even possible?"

She couldn't even picture it.

Then I saw Aqua running over to us.

"Kazumaaaa! It sure took you long enough to break out of their control! You sure enjoyed the way they were touching you, huh?!"

I guess she didn't forget about that.

"...Let's forget about the past and focus on the future."

"Oi, you can't just make us forget what you did with lame platitudes!"

Mitsurugi sighed and said,

"...All that matters is that it all worked out. Just leave him alone for now."

"Well, if you say so."

And so, they didn't bring up my mind-control treachery.

For now.

We decided to head back, after sorting out the situation with the app-users who also escaped the mind-control.

But before heading back, I went into the former base of the Wolbach group.

"Ah, there it is…"

Thankfully, the laptop was still there where I left it, before the fighting started.

I grabbed it and placed it in my inventory, making sure Chris didn't see me with it.

She'd probably insist on taking it away.

I looked around the base for more useful things, but I didn't find anything else.

…

…

"Welcome back, Kazuma-san. It's good to have you back with us."

A smiling Sena greeted me when I got home.

"Thanks. I tried my best to get back to you…"

"Kazuma-san… That would be a lot more convincing if it didn't take a whole week."

She didn't believe me at all.

"Onii-sama! I'm so glad you made it back in one piece!"

Iris said, running up to me with a big smile.

"It was all so I could see my cute imouto again…"

"Oh? Even if it took you a whole week?"

I guess no one wanted to believe me.

I looked at the table and there was quite a feast waiting for us.

We were all starving after that battle, so we wolfed down the food.

After that, the exhaustion started to hit. I went up to my room, not even bothering to take a bath. I was ready to crash.

When I opened my room and got in, I thought that I was just seeing things when I saw a young girl sitting on my bed, kicking her feet.

She had long purple hair and eyes, with a lock of hair falling across her forehead. She wore a black dress with one strap hanging down past her shoulder.

She smirked and raised a hand in greeting.

"Yo. Nice to finally meet you, boya."

I looked around the room.

"Um… Is Hansen-san gonna come out?"

"Hah? What are you talking about?"

I thought I ended up in a certain foreign show.

"...Are you one of Iris's friends, or something?"

"No. Don't let my form fool you, I'm a grown woman."

"OK, who are you, then?"

She chuckled, then crossed her legs.

"I am the dark goddess of puppetry and vengeance, Regina. I believe we've been introduced before by my former follower, Seresdina. Well, you know her as Serena."

She noticed me backing away. She held up her hands.

"Don't worry, I mean no harm."

That was when I noticed what she said.

"Wait, former follower?"

"Yes, Seresdina unfortunately died in battle."

So she didn't get away.

"But… If the explosion hit her, then Megumin should be dead by now."

"That's because I rescinded her blessings at the last moment."

My stomach dropped once I realized what that meant.

I tried to fight it, but it was impossible not to feel gratitude after she saved Megumin from certain death.

However, the feeling of losing control never came.

"Relax, I don't want to control you. I don't have any real allegiance to the Demon King army. I just wanted to use them for one thing."

"...What do you want?"

Depending on her answer, she could be worse than the Demon King.

At least the Demon King had a somewhat logical goal.

Meanwhile, this Regina was a completely unknown factor.

However, her eyes softened, as a hint of melancholy filled it.

"...I want you to help me restore my kingdom of Norse."

Norse… That was the name of the kingdom from the other-world, a technologically advanced civilization that led to the creation of the app system.

A civilization that was eventually ruined by one of the first Japanese reincarnates.

And his failure led to the abolishment of the reincarnation program, which led to the Demon King army taking over the other world.

"Restore the kingdom… But it's not like I can influence the other world in any way."

"That's true, for now. But I've seen what you're capable of. I'm willing to bet on you. It's not like I have any more followers, after Seresdina died."

Rather than take Megumin out and potentially ruin ties with me, she tried the diplomatic approach.

She was even showing good faith by not outright controlling me.

Serena was one thing, but this was the dark goddess herself, Regina.

If she really wanted to, she could make me a true, mindless thrall, forced to follow her bidding forever.

I was still suspicious about this whole thing, but I also didn't want to sour relations with Regina.

It was a reasonable request, considering everything.

"Alright… I'll do it."

She smiled and said,

"Excellent. I won't force you to worship me or anything, but just know that you can't break a promise with a goddess… Especially one who rules over puppetry."

"Yeah, I get that."

She nodded, before her bottom half started sinking into the shadows.

"Well, then, I will contact you at another time. I will let you rest now, boya."

I watched her disappear.

You have established a new bond!

Regina (Fallen Goddess), Bond Rank: 1

You have accepted Regina's request to save her ruined kingdom of Norse. She seems to hold you in high regard due to your skills, and how you were able to beat her former follower, Seresdina. Taking steps to restore her kingdom will deepen your bond with Regina.
Last edited: Feb 17, 2025
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JOJOBRN, OtroWey and 278 others
BoringBone
Feb 17, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 40: Blessing Humanity With Its Ultimate Guardian!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Feb 23, 2025
Add bookmark
#977
Chapter 40: Blessing Humanity With Its Ultimate Guardian!

Part 1

Once Regina disappeared, I was about to prepare myself for bed, but then I heard a knock.

"Hm? Come in."

Megumin walked in, wearing her pajamas.

"Hey… Can we talk for a bit? It won't be long."

"...Can't it wait? I'm about to pass out."

"U-Unbelievable! Can't you see that I really wanna talk to you?!"

I sighed and got up, patting the bed. She muttered to herself before accepting the invitation and sitting down next to me.

"So? What's up?"

"...I just checked my app. I gained a bunch of EXP… I think my explosion actually managed to kill Arnes and the others."

I nodded, knowing that already after what Regina said to me.

"Yeah… You were pretty close with them at one point, right?"

"...Well, it was all a lie."

She brought her knees up, resting her chin on them.

I lifted my hand, hesitating a bit, before I eventually wrapped my arm around her shoulder.

"I didn't think it was all a lie."

"Now you're the one lying."

Was she starting to get trust issues?

"...I'm telling the truth. I spent a whole week with them, right? Arnes and Wolbach, it seemed like they regretted lying to you. And they wanted you to join their side."

"As if I'd join them."

"Well, I just wanted you to know that there was some truth mixed in with the lies. They really did like you. It was just unfortunate that our two sides are at war."

She buried her face against her knees.

"That just makes things worse. I killed Arnes."

My breath got caught in my throat.

She felt anger from being betrayed.

And now regret from killing her friend.

There was never a good outcome to all of this.

"...You did what you had to do."

"No, I could have just let them go. I even risked my life just to get back at them."

"Either way, it's not your fault. And besides, maybe she's like Vanir. She's like, a demon or something, right? Maybe she reincarnates."

Megumin nodded softly at that.

"I heard from her once that she was summoned by Wolbach-sama. So she might be able to come back again."

"Well, there you go."

"But even if she comes back, she'll just try to harm everyone. She might try to capture you again, or worse."
I waited for her to say more, but she didn't expand on that, and I didn't want to break the silence.

After a few moments, she said,

"Hey, Kazuma. Can you just… help me forget?"

She looked up at me. She still had her contacts on, her eyes glowing a beautiful crimson as they shimmered with apprehension.

"...How do you want me to do that?"

"Do whatever you want with my body. Like you do with Aqua."

"...I thought we agreed that it's better not to rush."

"I need you right now."

When a beautiful girl says that, it's hard to refuse.

But I still managed to keep my composure, somehow.

All it took was seeing her pained face.

"...I don't want to take advantage of you. Ask me again when your thoughts are in order."

"You must think I'm some kind of kid, huh…?"

I sighed and rubbed the back of my head.

"It's not like that. I just don't want your first time to happen because of something sad like this. I want it to be a happy moment."
"...But how can I get over how I'm feeling right now? I want to forget everything."

I wasn't going to say something cliche like 'tragedy happens for a reason' or 'pain helps us grow'.

It always pissed me off, whether it's in real life or fiction, when people say the most generic things to those seeking comfort.

More than the lack of originality, I felt like what a grieving person really needs to hear is logic. They want an answer, something of substance they can latch onto.

"You know, Wolbach told me that there are other worlds out there, probably an infinite amount of worlds."

"...I'm having a depressive moment here, and you're just gonna confirm the multiple worlds theory to me? Are you trying to break my mind or what?!"

She gripped my collar and shook me around.

I couldn't really fault her, since I had the same reaction when Vanir first told me about this.

"Oi, just listen!"

"Fine, go ahead."

She managed to calm down and removed her hands from my collar.

"...With the portal technology of the Demon King army, I don't think it's impossible to say that we can someday take that technology for ourselves or reverse-engineer it. Then we can refine it and potentially hop to any world we want."

She rubbed her chin in thought, before eventually nodding.

"Yeah, if the demons can come to our world, I think it's fair to say that we can do that."

"Not to mention that we get a wish from heaven once we beat the Demon King. We could even just straight up ask for the ability to go to other dimensions."

I looked up at the ceiling and continued,

"With the infinite multiverse out there, there's no such thing as a final goodbye. We can meet Arnes, and even Wolbach, in worlds where they are friendlier. I mean, maybe in those worlds there aren't even demons or dark goddesses. Maybe they're humans like us."

"I guess… That's true…"

She said, her voice lowering into a whisper, the bright shine in her eyes lowering into a sentimental glimmer.

Whether it's friend or foe, we're all just aspects of each other, reflections bouncing off shining mirror fractals, repeating infinitely.

At least, the sappy part of me wants to see it that way.

Megumin sighed and leaned her head on my shoulder.

"...I guess you're not as much of a pervert as we claim, huh?"

"Of course not…"

"I mean, I was practically throwing myself at you, but you didn't even go for it."

"Don't get it wrong. I'm probably gonna call Aqua to come fuck me after you leave."

"...You just had to ruin the moment, huh?"

She removed her head from my shoulder, giving me an unamused glare.

Only to lean back in afterwards.

"..."

It was a quick kiss, so quick I almost didn't even register it.

She backed away, face flushed but confidently smiling.

"...Some other time, when I'm ready… Please be gentle with me, Kazuma."

I hid my face as I blushed as well, which only made her giggle at me. I said,

"Yeah… You better be prepared. I'm quite the stud, you know?"

"So I've heard."

They were talking about me behind my back, huh?

Part 2

The next day, when I woke up, I checked my phone, since I hadn't had a chance to interact with Appuri-chan properly while I had my mind taken over.

"Glad to have you back, Kazuma-san! Now, aren't you gonna thank me for saving your butt?!"

"Yeah, thanks for that."

I said, and I meant it. If it wasn't for Appuri-chan, I didn't know how the others could have found me.

"By the way, you have some new notifications! Actually, there's a lot of them!"

I went ahead and checked them.

Your bond with Megumin has reached the MAX rank!

Megumin (Explosion Mage), Bond Rank: 7 (MAX!)

At Rank 7, Megumin sees you as her hero. Not only that, she sees you as someone she wants to spend the rest of her life with, not only as a lover, but as a companion. You are both growing up together and relying on each other, as she helped you with your insecurities, and in turn, you comforted her in her time of need. May you both be blessed with eternal explosions!

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Explosion]!

I felt myself choking up a bit after seeing that bond rank up message. It made me reflect that Megumin and I really did become incredibly close, and I opened myself up to her so much.

…Beyond that, though.

I learned explosion magic?!

[Explosion] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (100 mp)

Unleash a powerful explosion within a range of 120-feet. Creatures within a 30-foot radius, 30-foot high sphere receive 100 fire damage plus your Magic Power modifier (+7). The attack can't miss as long as enemies are within the area of effect, however, magical defense still applies.

…T-That damage.

This attack could just one-shot me and I didn't even put any skill points into it yet!

And what's with that ridiculous mana requirement?!

I can't even use it!

It really is useless… Well, for most people.

Those with deep mana pools like Megumin and Wolbach could pull it off.

Well, Megumin could only use it once before running on empty, so that's debatable.

Maybe if she didn't rank it up, she could have grown her mana capacity to be able to handle casting multiple explosions.

But I bet the mana cost goes up as you level the spell, since it was that powerful.

I shook my head and checked the other notifications.

You got out of Serena's control!

For this feat, you gain +10 Willpower!

Quest Reward: You learn the [Overwhelm] skill!

[Overwhelm] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp)

You can shake off any attempts to disable your movement, whether it's magical or physical. You also have defenses against magic that aims to control your mind or body. Success of this skill depends on your Willpower (68).

At least there was a skill I could actually use…

Although this skill would have been way more useful before I got my mind taken over.

The Willpower bonus was also pretty substantial.

Then again, breaking free from a dark goddess's mind control power is probably a pretty big deal, so maybe it shouldn't be so surprising.

From creating your own dungeon, you gained a new title!

[Dungeon Master]

When this title is equipped, you gain the necessary knowledge on how to build and manage a dungeon. You can also access the features of any dungeon core you come in contact with.

I didn't expect to gain a title like this…

Well, I guess not just anyone could build a dungeon, so it was worthy of a title.

I replaced the [Monster Tamer] title for now.

Then I took out the laptop that I 'borrowed' from Wolbach.

Aqua and her superiors' dungeon had multiple entrances around the world.

So it would only make sense if the dungeon I made could have the same function.

I still had school, so I made this quick.

Within a few minutes, using the knowledge that flooded my brain from the title…

"...It really works."

I said, while looking at the door that appeared in front of me.

I went inside and saw that it was the same dungeon. The chair I left was still inside.

Stepping out again, I got an idea.

I made a new door and this time…

I opened it and saw the school grounds.

…There was now a dungeon door in front of the school.

Closing the door again, I headed back inside my room.

"Wait, this is pretty crazy, isn't it?"

I looked at the laptop. There was something like a Google Maps feature that showed the entire globe.

I could type in a location and zoom in on addresses and coordinates, and plant a door anywhere I wanted.

And the only limit was the dungeon's mana pool.

The original dungeon had things like coronatite cores, but this dungeon only had a basic manatite core.

It was good for what I was doing, but a coronatite core would launch the capabilities of my dungeon through the roof…

But how would I manage to get one…?

It was then I remembered that I once stored a coronatite core in my inventory, to prevent it from blowing us up.

"..."

A dangerous thought wormed its way into my head.

I mean, at this point, it was my contributions that led to the most victories, right?

…Although I'll admit that the others were the ones who ultimately beat Wolbach and Serena last time.

But still, if I didn't sacrifice myself as a pawn and brought the others to me through Appuri-chan, there was no way they could have cornered Wolbach like that.

So, no matter how you look at it, I'm still the one doing the heavy-lifting!

That means that I'm justified in doing whatever I want if I think that it will directly lead to humanity's victory, right…?

Yeah, that makes sense to me!

After nodding to myself at my own conclusion, I started to get dressed for school, but I didn't rush.

I could just walk through the dungeon door, after all.

Once I was dressed, I went downstairs to where everyone was.

"Oi… Who wants a free teleport to school?"

It was basically teleportation, right?

Aqua looked up from the breakfast she was eating.

"Hm? Did you learn teleportation magic? That's useful."

"No, but I got a dungeon now, and I can create doors wherever I want."

She stared at me.

"...There's no way! The means to create dungeons are closely guarded by us goddesses! Unless you're an Arch-Wizard who has achieved the pinnacle of creation magic, you can't create a dungeon!"

"You say that, but didn't you just steal the program from Norse?"

"Urp! Well, the point still stands!"

"If you don't believe me, then just follow me."

The others were curious as well and followed me to my room.

It was there that they saw the floating door in my room.

Aqua opened it and looked inside, before closing the door again.

"This is impossible! How did you do this?!"

Mitsurugi looked inside the door as well, surprised that he could see the school grounds from my bedroom.

"...You're already pretty lazy, yet you found another shortcut in life, huh?"

This guy sure was fast when it came to insulting me.

It was then that Aqua saw the laptop on my desk.

"Wait, where'd you get that?!"

She said, inspecting the laptop up and down.

"Got it from Wolbach. She put me through a lot, so it's only fair if she gives me a gift or two, right?"

"I'm confiscating this! This is stolen property from us goddesses!"

"Why are you taking credit for Norse's achievements?! Steeaaaal!"

I stole the laptop from her and put it in my inventory, before she could get any ideas.

"Why you…! Kazuma, you're such a disobedient child!"

"Who are you calling a child?!"

Darkness sighed, raising her hands to defuse the fight that was brewing. She was already in her uniform.

"Now, now. Kazuma isn't doing anything wrong, so stop berating him. And this is very convenient, so I'll make use of it. I want to get some extra studying before the midterm exams today, after all."

"...Wait. That's today?"

They turned to me, before realization dawned on their faces.

"Oh, right. You were gone for a week, Satou, so you probably didn't realize it was the end of the month, huh?"

"..."

I should be fine.

Right?

Part 3

Konno-san gave me a strange look as she walked into the classroom and saw me with three books open and cue-cards spread all around me.

"...What are you doing?"

I didn't look up at her, my eyes flitting around my notes.

"What does it look like I'm doing? I missed a whole week of school, so I gotta cram all the information that I can!"

"Oh, right. You were gone for a while, huh?"

"Geez, thanks for noticing!"

She sighed and placed a notebook in front of the textbook I was reading.

"Here. I took notes for you while you were gone."

"Konno-san…"

Is she an angel?!

I was already a big fan of her idol persona, but at this point, she'll be my kami oshi!

"You're the best, Lia-chan~!"

"Why are you calling me by my first name?!"

I got carried away and let my idol otaku self out.

Not like I'm an idol otaku, or anything.

I gratefully accepted the notebook and started reading.

Thankfully, I did study hard before I went missing.

Including all of those study sessions with Konno-san.

So there was a good chance that I could still fulfill that quest.

Please, my high Intelligence stat! Please work!

After thirty minutes of cramming, the homeroom sensei came in.

We stood up and did the morning greeting. Konno-san did the roll call, before calling up people to help her pass down the exam papers.

…The moment of truth.

The first exam was on Japanese Literature.

I flipped the exam over and looked over the questions.

The first section was multiple choice, which was easy enough.

I answered them until I got to the trickier portion, the open-ended-question portion.

Name a theme found in Dazai Osamu's 'No Longer Human'.

We read that novel a week after I went back to school.

I thought about that story, thinking of the theme.

…Basically, it's about a depressed, good-for-nothing guy who somehow gets a bunch of girls to fall in love with him.

Actually, how did those girls even fall in love with such an eccentric loner?

Wait… No, I refuse to accept that the same question could be asked of me!

I wrote a short paragraph about alienation and finding commonality among other misfits and moved on to the next question.

Name a theme found in Murakami Haruki's 'Norwegian Wood'.

A question about another novel we read, although this one was modern.

I thought of another answer…

…It was a story about a depressed guy who somehow gets a bunch of girls to fall in love with him.

Wait, is this a recurring theme in Japanese literature?!

Even those trashy isekai light novels are about this theme!

After giving an answer that I thought would fit, I moved on to the next question.

Name a theme found in Shikibu Murasaki's 'Tale of Genji'

…Another Japanese novel about a guy who somehow ends up with a bunch of women.

I answered the best that I could.

…

…

Somehow, I survived the first day.

Konno-san walked over to my table as I laid my head in my arms.

"...Hey, are you alive?"

She said, while poking my cheek.

"Yeah, just barely. Thanks for helping me out."

She chuckled while accepting the notepad I borrowed from her.

"I looked at you once in a while. You looked like you were really struggling."
"You were so concerned for me, huh? What a good girl…"

"Thanks… But the way you said that was kind of creepy."

What was so creepy about it?

Or maybe she sensed my otaku side coming out as I looked at her adoringly.

I coughed into my hand to suppress my otaku side.

…Having a classmate be an idol in disguise is kind of dangerous.

But exciting, in its own way.

Not like she knew that I knew about it.

"Well, I'm glad that my notes were useful to you."

I hated to say this since she seemed so proud of herself, but…

"Actually… Aren't your notes kind of messy this time around?"

She blinked and said,

"Eh? But I wrote as neatly as I could."

"No, no, the handwriting was great, elegant, even, but… the organization was kind of rough."

I didn't expect it from a studious girl like her, but the notes were all over the place.

There were random footnotes on the margins, and there were even doodles from when she got bored.

Also, I tried not to make it obvious that I noticed, but she even tried practicing her signature at one point. And it was the same signature she used for her idol activities.

She sure was brave showing that to me!

I didn't know if she trusted me, or if she just forgot about that.

She blushed and glanced away.

"S-Sorry. My friends do say that I'm kind of sloppy sometimes…"

"Are you the type who is a model student at school, but you're a total slob at home?"

Like Umaru-chan?

"...Well, maybe I am."

She sighed, reluctant to admit it.

"Well, thank you for being honest. So, how bad is it?"

She took the chair in front of me and sat down.

"...My friends don't come over to my place anymore. They said my room is too messy."

"Yikes… Is it that bad?"

Even when I was a NEET, my room wasn't a total pigsty.

To think a model student like her had comparable organizational skills to a NEET.

I shrugged and said,

"Well, if you want, I can come over to your place and help you clean up."

She blinked, staring at me for a while.

Ah, crap. I just casually said that as if it wasn't a big deal, didn't I?

I guess I was getting too used around girls. But the difference is that Konno-san and I aren't even that close yet.

I was about to apologize before she saw me as a sex fiend, but she said,

"...If you're offering, sure, I guess. It's your way of paying me back for lending you my notebook, right?"

I was surprised she accepted the offer, but I guess we weren't total strangers.

We were classmates who often studied together and we were even in the same club.

Not to mention that our bond is even at rank 3.

…I guess that'd mean that we're actually friends now.

We made plans for me to come to her place once midterms ended, so that I could clean her room.

In exchange, she gave me more of her notebooks to take home and study.

…After a quick look, I saw that the other notebooks were just as disorganized as the first one.

Your bond with Konno Lia has deepened!

Konno Lia (Idol-In-Disguise), Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, you have advanced through the acquaintance stage and you are now becoming friends with Lia. She admires how hard you study, even if you have to cram for the midterms. She's also surprised that you offered to help clean her room, but she seems to trust you enough to invite you to her home. Spending more time with her will deepen your friendship.

Bond Reward: +10 Intuition

Part 4

There was no naginata club practice after-school because of the exams, but the club president did remind us about the tournament coming up.

However, I didn't even want to think about that, since I was already exhausted from a whole day of exams.

Instead, I went to the dungeon door in the school courtyard, which occupied the space of the previous door where I first met Aqua.

Using that door, I immediately ended up in my room.

I didn't even bother taking off my uniform and just collapsed face first on my pillow.

"Ughhh…"

I took a quick nap, before getting up from my bed and changing out of my uniform.

Once I was comfortably dressed, I went to my desk, where the laptop was.

It was a miracle Aqua didn't steal this thing from me, considering how she was going on about it being the property of the goddesses.

I didn't want to go to the original dungeon after all that work at school, so I decided to do some AFK farming.

Going inside the dungeon, I activated the mechanism that summoned the Earth Golems.

The golems emerged from the dirt and started mindlessly heading towards the trap.

Then I sat on the chair and idly watched them as they fell to their deaths.

Eventually, I got bored and went on my phone.

I ended up chatting a bit with Dark+Angel, who was complaining about her own exams.

"This suuucks! I just wanna game all daaaay!"

It was comforting, knowing I wasn't the only one suffering.

We only ended up texting for a bit, since she went back to studying.

And that reminded me that I needed to study, too.

I groaned as I went back to my room and got the notebook Konno-san lent me, before returning to the dungeon again.

But it was uncomfortable holding the notebook over my lap. I also needed some space to write my own notes and solve practice questions.

So I went to the laptop and started coding.

If dungeons could produce all kinds of different biomes, then it was child's play to make it produce a desk. While I was at it, I just recreated my study space in the dungeon.

I sat down and opened the notebook again, before I started thinking.

…Could the dungeon create advanced electronics, like computers?

Since I had the [Dungeon Master] title, the answer came to me.

And the answer was yes, it was possible.

As long as the code was correct, and there was enough energy, I could make it.

The problem was the energy.

…Maybe I did need to steal a Coronatite core, after all.

The problem with that plan was that I already learned my lesson from messing around with the dungeon. Megumin learned that same lesson.

I wasn't stupid enough to cause another incident.

But then, I had another idea.

…Did the energy source have to be mana?
Perhaps I could tweak around some code to have the dungeon run on another type of energy source.

Like for example…

What if I made my dungeon nuclear powered?

"..."

I mean… It sounds kind of crazy, but I was sure I could pull it off with my government connections.

And with the proper dungeon design, I didn't need to worry about the dangers of radiation.

Also, since nuclear radiation, especially gamma rays, can be considered a wave, can't I control it with the newly acquired [Meta Control Spell]?

"...This might be a good idea, huh?"

"Kazuma-san, shouldn't you be studying right now?"

Appuri-chan said, once she noticed that I was procrastinating.

"...Hold on, child. I have some great ideas right now, so don't ruin my momentum. You mustn't interrupt a genius at work!"

"That's cool and all, but if you don't finish the midterm exams quest, you won't be able to receive new quests until the next midterms, you know?"

"...What did you say?"

That was new to me.

"Well, think about it. You can't gain new quests unless you finish all the ones you currently have, right? That's why you didn't get any new quests for a while after you got that quest to return Chris-san's panties. You just kept stalling before you returned them."

"Why do you even remember that?! And you should have warned me about this earlier!"

"It wouldn't have been a problem if you were properly studying, but now you're clearly just procrastinating! Get to work!"

And so, my plans for the nuclear-powered dungeon needed to wait.

With Appuri-chan watching me like a hawk, I went back to studying.

By the time I finished, it was already dinner time.

I went downstairs to eat. Everyone else was already seated, but when I took my seat…

"...Hey, why don't I have any food?"

I said, as I watched Darkness, who was in charge of making dinner that day, handing out the dishes.

"A-Ah! Sorry, we haven't been cooking for you since you were gone, so I forgot to make dinner for you! Just eat my share and I'll make something for myself!"

Was this a new form of bullying?

I muttered to myself as Darkness handed me the roast beef and potatoes she made.

She always made western-style food. I didn't complain, since it did its work, but the way Darkness cooked made everything taste too generic. It was like she didn't even try to be creative with her food and choice of seasonings.

"...Nevermind. I can cook for myself. You can go eat your share, Darkness."

"A-Are you being considerate, or rude? I can't tell."

Aqua looked up from the plate she was devouring. After wiping her face with a napkin, she said,

"With this guy, you should always assume the worst."

"You're right, Aqua. Kazuma, I demand that you apologize."

"Apologize? Why the hell should I apologize when you're the one who screwed up, and I have to fix your mistake?"

"Y-You're right, sorry…"

"Don't back down, Darkness! You know how this guy is! He always has something rude to say, but he backtracks like a little chicken when you call him out on it!"

Darkness's eyes were swirling as Aqua and I went back and forth.

While this was happening.

"Ahhhh!"

Megumin randomly started yelling.

"...Oi, Megumin. If you have something to say, then say it to my face instead of just yelling."

I said to her, but she just stood up and showed that she was holding something in her lap.

It was that egg that Aqua was raising.

"Hm? What's the matter? Are you offering that egg for my dinner?"

I said, which made Megumin quickly snatch the egg back.

"How could you even say that?! Aqua, your egg is hatching!"

Aqua quickly went over to Megumin.

"M-My baby! Quick, go to the living room! Someone, get some hot towels and water!"

…Why was she treating it like a human baby?

"Right away, Aqua-sama!"

Still, Aqua's number one boot licker, Mitsurugi, immediately obeyed her orders.

Iris, who wasn't there when we acquired the egg, watched in wonder as we all went to the living room.

"What kind of egg is it?"

Aqua smiled proudly as Megumin carefully handed the egg over, which was shaking. Some small cracks have also started to form.

"I'm glad you asked, Iris! Since I have been giving it my holy mana, of course it will be a beautiful and powerful light dragon! Megumin has also been helping infuse her mana into it, so I'm sure it'll turn out incredibly powerful!"

Megumin had a thoughtful look on her face.

"Well, I got my powers from a dark goddess technically, so wouldn't it be a dark dragon?"

Aqua turned her head so fast, I almost saw a blur.

"How dare you say that, Megumin?! N-No, that can't be how it works, right?! Because my mana is greater and a higher volume than yours! Surely my pwecious widdle bwaby will take after me!!!"

"What do you mean your mana is greater?! I am Megumin! The greatest explosion magic user in this world! There's no way my mana will be surpassed by anyone!"

"Ahh! Stop all this chuuni talk! Look, you're stressing the egg! There's already so many cracks!"

How else was it supposed to get out? Is this girl really that stupid?

Yunyun watched nervously, clutching my sleeve.

"...Hopefully the birth will turn out safe."

I leaned in to whisper to her.

"Even if it did, it's probably not gonna be a dragon, or whatever."

"Eh? What do you mean, Kazuma-san?"

"That egg came from a Random Loot Box. The items from those things are determined by the user's Luck, and Aqua was the one who opened it. So that means that thing is gonna be garbage."

Even if it turns out to be a monster, it's probably gonna be an ugly baby goblin, not some majestic dragon.

Also, why would a dragon come out of such a tiny egg, anyway? It looks like a regular egg that's cracked and eaten for breakfast.

"I-I see… I hope Aqua-san isn't too disappointed…"

"Don't feel sorry for that idiot."

Meanwhile, Rin, who didn't hear what I was telling Yunyun, smiled as she took out her phone.

"Alright, I'm filming it! Aqua-senpai, what are you going to name your child!"

"Fufu… I already decided on Emperor Zell! Ah, but if a certain someone decided to take care of the baby as its father, I might name it Kazuma jr."

She said, while sneaking glances at me.

"Oh, so it's name is Zell, huh?"

I said, without hesitation.

"...Do you wanna avoid responsibility that badly?"

Mitsurugi said, giving me the stink eye.

"Why are you acting like I contributed in any way to the birth of whatever disappointment that thing is gonna be."

"I-If you won't be the father, then I will gladly volunteer!"

Aqua looked at me and Mitsurugi, then smirked.

"Ahh… If Kazuma doesn't wanna take responsibility, then I guess I'll name it Emperor Zell Mitsurugi!"

"I-I'd be honored, Aqua-sama!"

Did she think that would make me jealous?

"Ahhh! Something's coming out! I can feel the contractions!"

Aqua yelled, while quickly breathing in and out.

Megumin held her hand.

"Remember what the coach told you. Quick breaths, quick breaths."

Did they actually get a childbirth coach for this?

And it was a damn egg, what contractions was this idiot talking about?

"The head is coming out! It's crowning!"

Just as Darkness said that, the egg split in half.

The upper half of the shell slid off.

Then, a head came out.

It was a yellow, fluffy head.

"Chirp…!"

A baby chicken… It was a chick.

Not even a monster, just a normal chick.

It looked at us with what seemed like a confused expression, as if it was wondering why it wasn't seeing a mother hen.

"Chirp…?"

It said, while tilting its head, its beak opening in confusion.

Aqua blinked, then raised the chick to eye-level.

"...This golden color… It's a light dragon! I knew it!"

I didn't know if she was in denial, or if this was her usual stupidity at work.

Aqua turned to Iris and said,

"You're from the other world, so you can confirm this is a light dragon, right?!"

Iris couldn't even look her in the eyes.

"C-Congratulations, Aqua-san…"

She couldn't give a straight answer, huh?

Aqua grinned at Megumin, holding out the newly born chick.

"See, Megumin? It's not a dark dragon, right?!"

Megumin also couldn't look her in the eyes.

"...I-I'm glad there weren't any complications!"

Another one who couldn't give a direct answer.

Aqua turned to Mitsurugi next.

"Say hi to your child! With this light dragon, we'll surely defeat the demon king!"

"...R-Right… Let's raise it well."

So no one was gonna tell her, huh?

"Aqua, I'm still feeling pretty hungry. How about we have some karaage right now… Hmph…"

Rin and Darkness placed their hands over my mouth.

"Quiet! Don't you dare ruin this for her, senpai!"

"Kazuma, just let her dream!"

They prevented me from telling the truth.

Part 5

Since I was occupied with Aqua's 'childbirth', I didn't have as much time as I wanted to study.

I spent the rest of the night cramming.

Then, when I woke up the next morning, I used the extra time I would have spent on walking to school to study even more.

Those doors were really useful.

"Senpai… You don't look so good."

Rin said, when I got to the cafeteria for lunch break, after spending the morning doing tests.

"Yeah, Kazuma, are you sure you're fine?"

Darkness said, looking at me with concern.

I sat down beside Rin and buried my face in my arms.

"...I feel horrible."

Rin chuckled, then picked up a sausage with her chopstick and fed me.

I gratefully let her feed me, since I was too tired to even hold a chopstick properly.

"Hang in there, senpai. At least you're back here safe with us."

"...Yeah, I guess that's a silver lining."

If my grades were the only thing at stake, then I wouldn't even really care.

But the quest issue that Appuri-chan mentioned was too big to ignore.

"I feel sorry for you, Kazuma. You have midterms to deal with, and you have a child to take care of at home, too."

I glared at Darkness.

"What do you mean, child?! Aqua is just lucky I haven't made karaage out of that chicken already!"

Rin weakly laughed while looking to the side.

"...It was hard to watch, seeing Aqua-san call that thing a dragon."

"Then why didn't you guys say anything?! I bet if we held an intervention for her, she'd stop calling that thing a dragon!"

"Well, she's so invested in the idea, none of us want to break her heart."

"I'm completely willing to do that!"

"That's because you're ruthless, senpai."

"Oh, wow, honestly is no longer a virtue, huh?"

"With the way you use honesty as a weapon to crush the hopes and dreams of others, no, it's not a virtue in your hands."

Rin really had lost all her faith in me. She wouldn't have given me such a jaded look before.

Once lunch break ended, I went back to the classroom again to face another brutal wave of exams.

Konno-san came to check up on me.

"How are you holding up?"

She said, even though there were already dark circles under my eyes.

"...Do you even need to ask?"

"I guess I don't. Here, something to lift your spirits."

She handed me a small chocolate.

"Oh, thanks."

I unwrapped it and enjoyed the treat.

It was such an unexpected, sweet gesture from her that I actually felt motivated enough to face the next test.

I still suffered greatly, though.

It took all I had to survive until the school bell rang.

Konno-san came to my desk again.

"Good job, Satou-kun."

"...Thanks."

"Wow, you can barely speak. Want another choco?"

I opened my mouth and let her pop another chocolate inside. I slowly chewed it, savoring the taste and the gesture.

Eventually, I managed to get out of my desk and joined the weary lines of students leaving the school grounds.

Meanwhile, there were those who were still full of energy, bragging about how surprisingly easy the tests were.

I bet those guys just gave up on their grades and were slacking the whole time, that's why they were still full of energy.

If they managed to get better grades than me, I vowed to myself that I'd hunt all of them down.

…Maybe the exhaustion was getting to me.

I dragged my weary self to the dungeon door, just glad that I didn't have to walk home like the rest of the masses.

Like last time, I collapsed as soon as I ended up in my room.

I was woken up from my nap only after I heard a knock on the door.

"...Come in."

Blearily sitting up, I saw Yunyun walking in. She was still in her school uniform.

"Hey, Yunyun. Did you just get back from school?"

She meekly nodded.

"Y-Yeah… Um, I didn't want to disturb you while you're tired from exams, but…"

It wasn't like I had it in me to deny Yunyun, especially if she was making a rare request.

If it was just Megumin asking for an explosion walk, I would have just ignored her.

"No, it's fine. What is it? Feeling lonely?"

"Well, yes, but there's also another matter I want to talk about…!"

I nodded and invited her to sit with me on the bed. She shyly came into my room and sat down.

"You see, Kazuma-san… I know it's awkward to talk about, but we all gain bond rewards from each other whenever our bonds deepen, thanks to the app, right?"

I did realize that it was awkward to talk about, but since Yunyun was brave enough to ask me this, I was willing to talk about it.

"Yeah, I've gained quite a few valuable power-ups from you, Yunyun."

"Well, um… I gained this skill from Mitsurugi-san after the recent battle. He was thanking me for supporting him, and I felt like our friendship really improved! B-But I gained a problematic skill afterwards!"

While blushing, she showed me the skill.

[Lady Killer] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You become more attractive to the fairer sex! You will even gain a +1 boost to all your stats when in combat with them.

…What a useful skill.

Rather, why did this skill go to Yunyun and not to me?

I coughed into my hand, and said,

"Well, Mitsurugi is quite a playboy ikemen… I guess that's why bonding with him gave you that kind of skill."

"B-But my problem is that this is a passive skill, and I can't turn it off! In class today, a bunch of my female classmates gave me looks they never did before! Even Megumin was staring at my chest!"

I was pretty sure Megumin only stared out of envy.

Like she always did.

…Well, she did have a tsundere thing in regards to Yunyun.

Maybe there really was something there…

"Hmm… Well, if you want to get rid of the skill, I do know that bond ranks can go down if the bond between two people decreases…"

Like it almost did with Aqua.

"...Are you telling me I need to sabotage my bond with Mitsurugi-san? No way! He's so nice to me!"

"Well, if you wanna be a yuri magnet, then fine."

"Uuuu… Is there some way to get rid of skills?"

"I'm not sure… Let me check."

I took out my phone and asked Appuri-chan.

"Well, there is a certain magic item that restricts the effects of skills when they're worn. But those are considered trash items, though."

"Why is it considered a trash item? I'm sure it'll be effective if it's used on an enemy."

Like, for example, if I put that item on Wolbach, then she wouldn't be able to use teleport anymore.

"It needs to be used on a willing target."

"Yeah, that's pretty useless."

Yunyun's case was pretty unique, but most of the time, there was no need for someone to willingly restrict their own skills.

"Where are we even going to find such a magic item, anyway?"

Yunyun said, which gave me an idea.

"Well, there's only one place that would sell worthless items like that."

It was time to visit Wiz.

I did owe her a thanks for giving Mitsurugi those free Manatite Crystals to save me, anyway.

Part 6

Before we could even step foot into the store…

Vanir appeared in front of me with a big grin on his face.

"Hello, dear customer! Can I get you some tea?!"

This blatantly servile version of Vanir immediately made me uneasy.

"...What's this about now, Vanir?"

"Did you forget, boy, that I'm a mind reader? And did you also forget what my goal has been this whole time?!"

"Your goal… You mean working poor Wiz to the bone and stealing all her profits?"

"Hah? If anyone wass stealing profits, it's her! Whenever I earned money for this store, she went ahead and used the money on her worthless inventions! If you will pity anyone, it should be me! Well, I suppose I don't have to deal with that anymore…"

I was about to ask him to elaborate on that last part, but he said,

"Never mind that! The dungeon! Remember, my goal is to own a dungeon!"

Ah, right. There was that.

Last time, he tried to get me to sneak him into the dungeon, but apparently there was someone that was like a goddess that stopped him…

Although I still didn't know who that goddess-like person might be.

"Now you remember, boy? And you also now have access to your own dungeon, right?! Put two and two together!"

Ah, so that was it.

Vanir wanted me to give him a dungeon.

Certainly, with the laptop, it was possible to code a dungeon for him, but…

"No way."

"What do you mean by that?! Who do you think has been helping you until now?! Do you think I was doing that for free?!"

"...Our agreement was that I would let you into the first dungeon, and I already did that for you. I didn't agree to anything beyond that!"

"So stingy! You humans are so greedy! Then, how about this! If you don't let me have that dungeon, then I'll be forced to return to the Demon King army's side! After all, there's no point in helping you if I can't secure a dungeon!"

…That certainly was quite a threat.

Wolbach survived that last battle since she teleported away in time. I didn't know how many more Demon King generals were left, but having Vanir return to them might shift the tide of battle.

His ability to read minds and see future timelines was the most powerful ability I had encountered so far, after all.

I really didn't want to give him a dungeon, but…

"Hah, fine… You win."

"Excellent! Well, at least you still have me on your side now! Unlike that troublesome Lich…"

"Eh? What do you mean?"

"Wiz decided to go back to the Demon King army with that little demon scout, Dante."

"Eh?!!"

I looked around the store. Surely enough, Wiz wasn't there at the counter.

Yunyun, who hadn't met Wiz yet, looked confused.

"Um… Is this Wiz an important person?"

"Well… She's a powerful Lich…"

Vanir chuckled at that.

"That's kind of an understatement, really."

I grabbed Vanir's collar and shook him.

"Oi! Why did she leave?! I bet she got tired of your abuse, huh?!"

"Why do you blame me?! And if you want the answer, read her farewell letter herself!"

He produced a letter from his suit and gave it to me.

I hurriedly opened it and read it.

Dear Kazuma-san,

I've had a fun time running the store, and I enjoyed my friendship with you, but at the end of the day, I am still a Demon King general. I pledged my allegiance to the Demon King, and I am not one to break promises.

I also promised to help Vanir-san obtain a dungeon, and when he told me that he saw a future where he can get a dungeon from you, I decided that I had fulfilled my promise with him.

My promise to the Demon King was that he would not force me to join the war against humanity, as long as the Demon King army doesn't harm any innocent civilians. So far, he and the other generals have kept that promise, even as more generals have fallen to this world's forces. I no longer have an excuse to keep playing favorites by aiding you.

In order to maintain the balance, I will now take a more active role as one of the last remaining Demon King generals. I do not want to have to fight you, Kazuma-san, so I advise you to stand down and let the Demon King peacefully take over your world.

Your friend forever,

Wiz

I gently folded the letter.

…I didn't see this coming at all.

Then again, Wiz was clear to me where her loyalty was, and the conditions for her neutrality.

Once the balance shifted unfavorably away from the Demon King army, she couldn't justify helping me anymore.

I was sure that it made her feel even more conflicted, when she supplied Mitsurugi with those Manatite crystals.

To Wiz, who valued loyalty greatly, that must have taken a lot of willpower to do, especially since her support directly contributed to the defeat of Serena and Wolbach.

I turned to Vanir and said,

"...Why didn't you warn me about this?"

He turned his head away and said,

"What was I supposed to tell you? The only way to have kept Wiz around is a solution you would have never gone with, anyway."

"What do you mean by that?"

He sighed and said,

"...If innocents were harmed by the Demon King army, then she would have sided with you. Or, at least, she wouldn't take an active role as the Demon King army general. For example, if Hans had killed innocents when he and Sylvia came to invade your world, then Wiz wouldn't have left just now. In fact, she would have helped you defeat Hans herself."

So the fact that the Demon King army has kept their pact with Wiz meant that she had no reason to side with us.

"Are you saying that I'm simply helping humanity win too much?"

If I did a poorer job protecting humanity, Wiz wouldn't have left and would still be helping us?

"...Why are you making it sound like I'm blaming you? You're doing a good job as humanity's hero, aren't you? Wiz is just a stubborn girl who keeps promises no matter what. It's not like it's your fault for that."

I studied Vanir, who's expression was unreadable with that mask of his. I said,

"And what about you? I don't really know about your past with Wiz, but you two are pretty close, right? Are you fine with her just leaving?"

Vanir placed a finger and my head and kept prodding it.

"Hah?! Why is that any of your business?!"
"Says the mind reader!"

"I got my dungeon, and she was able to fulfill her promise with me! That's all there is to it! If you think that I have any regrets just because she left, you're dead wrong!"

"...I didn't say anything about regrets, though."

Some of his real thoughts came out.

I looked at Yunyun, who was patiently waiting even though she didn't understand what's going on.

"Sorry, Yunyun. I don't think we can get that item now."

She gave me an uneasy smile.

"Well… That's unfortunate, but it seems like something big is going on right now, so please don't mind me!"

What a sweet girl.

Part 7

Just to make sure, I asked Vanir if there were any of the wares Wiz left behind that could help Yunyun, but he said that there wasn't anything of use that Wiz left behind.

It was kind of insulting to Wiz, but at the same time, I believed him.

Since the news was a shock to me, I wanted to process it before I went home. I ended up inviting Yunyun back to the batting cage with me.

Apparently, there was a new game mode called 'Endurance Mode', where a bunch of balls would be pitched to the player until they couldn't hit anymore. The pitches weren't fast, but the frequency of pitches tested one's endurance.

This game mode will increase one's Stamina by +2!

Once I saw that notification from Appuri-chan, I accepted the challenge, with Yunyun following along.

By the time we were done, we could barely lift our arms. We went to a resting area and got some juice from the vending machine.

"Wah… That sure was a workout…"

Yunyun said, as she sipped her orange juice.

"Well, I need to get my stamina up, so I guess I can't complain…"

Aside from 'Attractiveness', it was my lowest stat.

Come to think of it, I should make use of that weekly smoothie bonus that raises stamina. I had been so busy that I didn't even bother doing it.

Yunyun started poking her fingers together. Then, she said,

"Um, about Wiz-san… Do you want to talk about it?"

I smiled at her, feeling bad that she was worrying about me.

"...There isn't really much to say. She made her decision. I wish I got to say goodbye to her, at least."

"Well… If it were me, I'd rather just send a note, too. Saying goodbye face-to-face is a lot more painful…"

I understood that as well, but an illogical part of me felt somewhat betrayed that Wiz even left to begin with, even though I know a true betrayal would be for her to abandon her post as a Demon King general.

She wasn't as shamelessly disloyal as Vanir.

Maybe a bit of my trauma with Ame remained, even if I knew the whole truth about that event now.

…My abandonment issues run deep, huh?

Yunyun looked to be deep in thought for a minute, before she started blushing.

Then, before I knew it, she scooted closer to me, until our shoulders were touching.

She turned to face me, looking shyly into my eyes for a moment, but still leaning in to embrace me.

The action took me off guard, and it took me a moment to see that her face was completely red as she buried her face into my chest.

"Um… Aqua-san and the others can probably do a better job at this… But I just wanted to comfort you…"

This girl is way too innocent!

Did I really deserve Yunyun?!

I'm sure there were many who would vehemently yell 'Hell no!'

But whether or not I deserved her affection didn't really matter.

All that mattered was that she was trying to overcome her shyness just to make me feel a little bit better.

I patted her head, before wrapping my arms around her shoulders, pulling her in more.

"W-Wah! Don't embrace me too much, Kazuma-san! I'm all sweaty from the batting we did!"

I chuckled and let her go before she became too embarrassed, although I missed the contact.

"Thanks, Yunyun. I really needed that."

She gave me a pure, tender smile.

"I'm always here for you, Kazuma-san."

After our visit to the batting cage, Yunyun teleported the both of us home.

I thanked her again for what she did, before she went to her room to study.

When she mentioned studying, I was brought back to reality.

Reluctantly, with heavy steps, I headed back to my room to study once more.

But before I did, I noticed a flashing notification on my phone.

Your bond with Yunyun has deepened!

Yunyun (Lonely Stalker), Bond Rank: 6

At Rank 6, Yunyun has seen a more vulnerable side of you! Before, she saw you as someone infallible and wondered how she could be useful to someone like you. But now, she sees that you need her as much as she needs you. Yunyun is slowly growing out of her co-dependency on other people and becoming her own person. Continuing to encourage her growth will take your bond to the next level.

Bond Reward: You learn the [Teleport] skill!

[Teleport] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (30 mp)

Instantly teleports up to 4 targets to a marked location (3 marks total). You can teleport a target to an unmarked, random location if it is an inanimate object. If the target is a creature, they must be willing to teleport, otherwise, they will need to pass a 'Willpower' or 'Magic Power' check with advantage. If their 'Willpower' or 'Magic Power' surpasses yours by 20 points or more, the effects of the random teleport will bounce back to you.

"..."

I stared at the notification for a few minutes.

…I got quite a crazy skill from my bond rank with Yunyun.

Even the dungeon doors couldn't beat the instantaneous utility of Teleport.

One only had to look at Yunyun's feats in combat to see its usefulness.

I set about testing its applications right away.

There were three empty slots for the marked target of teleportation.

I concentrated on the spell, and instinctively, I could tell that the marked location needed to be specific.

For example, if I set the marker beside my toilet, then I will teleport to that place beside the toilet, instead of on top of it.

I figured that the trick Yunyun used to teleport around the battlefield was that she would empty her teleportation slots and set up different points in the battlefield to teleport to.

To test this, I set a teleportation point to the backyard and a spot in my room.

"[Teleport]!"

In an instant, I ended up in the backyard, looking up at the window of my room.

I experienced some disorientation, but I had gone through the effects of teleportation often enough, even with Wolbach, that it wasn't as bad as the previous times.

I teleported back to my room.

"Yikes… This thing eats up a lot of mana."

I was already near empty just from two teleports.

The fact that Yunyun could teleport around so much showed how big her mana pool really was.

I went through the dungeon door and put my hand on the wall.

"[Drain Touch]!"

After some time, I was back to full.

…If I kept a teleportation mark in the dungeon at all times, that meant that I could always teleport there to refill my mana.

This may seem like cheating, but considering the kind of threats I was up against, I needed to abuse the system as much as possible just to keep up.

Not to mention I might need to face Wiz in battle.

"..."

I didn't even want to think about that.

Not only would fighting a good friend be awful, but I couldn't even imagine how powerful Wiz really was.

She thought that the 50th floor of the dungeon was considered 'weak' after all.

Well, now that she is full on the Demon King's side, I wondered if Wiz could even come back to the dungeon now.

It was a miracle she was even allowed to enter, considering Vanir couldn't.

I couldn't even see Wiz as some evil Lich, a Demon King general who I was meant to defeat.

She was just Wiz, friendly, kind Wiz.

…Maybe just surrendering to the Demon King was the right move, after all.

I really didn't want to fight Wiz.

I shook my head. I shouldn't let my personal feelings get in the way.

Wiz was loyal to her faction, so I should respect her decision and be loyal to mine, too.

Even if we will inevitably have to fight some day.

…But first, I should focus on midterms, I guess.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JOJOBRN, OtroWey and 276 others
BoringBone
Feb 23, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 41: An End To This Accursed Midterm!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Mar 2, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,006
Chapter 41: An End To This Accursed Midterm!

Part 1

"...Geez, senpai, are you ever gonna walk to school normally ever again?"

Rin said, when she saw me coming out of the dungeon door into the schoolyard.

"Rin, you're the weird one for not using the doors."

"It's not weird to want some fresh air and enjoy a nice walk to school! Besides, we're dating now, but we don't walk to school together anymore… I liked our walks, you know?"

She gave me a small smile, while taking my hand anyway.

"Sorry, I didn't think about that."

"Well… I get it. You just got back from being held captive, and now you have to focus on midterms. Just let me know if it gets too much, right? I wanna help you, senpai."

I was planning to get some more studying done with Konno-san before classes started, but my plans changed as soon as I heard that.

Not to mention that Rin was so sweet, so cute when she said that.

Besides, I already did so much studying the previous night. I didn't want to burn out by doing nothing but cramming information into my head.

"Hey, Rin… Wanna head back to my room real quick? Unless you gotta study…"

She blushed, but she squeezed my hand comfortingly.

"It's fine. Like I said, I wanna help you, senpai."

We went back to the door and we ended up in my room.

I set a timer on my phone for thirty minutes, so we wouldn't forget about coming to class on time.

Then I led her to the bed. She was still blushing, making me chuckle.

"Come on. You're not exactly a virgin anymore, Rin. Why are you so embarrassed?"

That made her blush even more as I leaned in to kiss her on the cheek, while sitting beside her. I wrapped my hand around her waist and pulled her closer to me.

"...Make fun of me all you want, but this is still all pretty new to me."

"It's fine. I like it. It's cute."

Who doesn't like pure, innocent girls?

I started pawing her modest chest through her uniform.

"Wait… I don't want my uniform to get wrinkly."

"Well, I guess you'll have to take off your clothes, then…"

"Geez… You're such a perv, senpai."

She pouted a bit, but she started unbuttoning her shirt, anyway.

"All guys are pervs. Some more than others."

"Then, you're ultra-pervy, huh?"

"...The closer we get, the sharper your tongue gets, Rin-san."

I put on a formal tone, which made her laugh.

"I guess I'm just more comfortable with you, senpai. I wanna talk to you like the others do. Is that bad?"

"It's not really bad, but it feels like I'm fighting a war on six fronts if you're throwing jabs at me now, too."

"Well… I love you, senpai."

She blushed even harder this time.

"...I love you, too."

It was the best feeling in the world, getting to say that and mean it with all your heart.

All the stress from the exam faded away as I kissed her lips.

I let her take off her uniform and fold them, while I took my uniform off as well.

Then, I put it in my inventory.

"...Ah, did you put your clothes in there so they won't wrinkle up?"

I nodded as I watched her do the same.

"Yeah, it's better than folding them. Plus they come out all cool to the touch, which is great for this kind of summer weather."

"You sure think of everything, don't you, senpai?"

"Not everything. Just weird things like that."

"Well, it's because you think about weird things that you're so reliable when we're in danger, I guess."

"That's why I need a normal girl like you to ground me, so don't try to copy the others too much. I don't want you to download their weirdness."

"Hehe… Noted."

Once we were both naked, I went back to the bed with her. She laid down, raising her knees for me, shyly opening her thighs.

I stared at her pussy and smiled, sticking my tongue out and giving her a long, gentle lick.

"Mnnn…!"

"You're so cute, you know? Especially this part."

I said, while sticking my tongue into that small slit of hers.

"Mnn…! This part is always so embarrassing…"

"Really? But guys love it when girls go down on them, so I thought it'd be the same the other way around."

I kept licking her in between words, making her moan and cover her face.

"...So you like it when girls go down on you, senpai?"

I only had a blowjob from Dark+Angel before the Wolbach group started giving me one to control me, but I must say that I did end up developing a liking for it.

"Well… Would Rin give me one if I asked for it?"

Aqua offered me one before, but it was within the context of a bribe.

And I never really brought it up again because I was too prideful to ask for one after that.

But I felt like it was fine to ask Rin.

"...That's still embarrassing, but it's even more embarrassing for you to go down on me."

"Well, too bad. I gotta get my daily recommended amount of Rin juice."

"...?!! Don't call it that! That's it, we're switching!"

She pushed my head away while blushing furiously, then she stood up to switch positions.

"Seriously? But I do actually like going down on you, Rin."

"You enjoy it too much! I won't be able to walk properly if we do that on top of s-sex!"

"Aww… You still can't say sex even though we've done it a couple times now? So cute."

"...If you tease me, I'll tease you, senpai. Just remember that."

"I prefer cute and sweet Rin over sassy Rin, so I'll behave."

She nodded once I promised to behave, then we switched positions, with me laying down while she made her way between my legs.

She held my cock and started softly stroking it, while staring at my cock.

"Well? It isn't gonna lick itself."

I said, while watching her jerk me off.

"...That counts as a tease, right?"

"Sorry, I just wanted to say that line."

She sighed, before leaning forward and tucking a strand of hair behind her ear.

She stuck her tongue out and started tentatively licking my cock.

"...Ish thish good?"

She said, after a few licks, looking up with her small tongue still out.

That image and the cute way she said that made precum fall down from my tip.

"It's cute."

"...So I take it to mean it's not really that good?"

She said, her tongue darting back in her mouth as she looked a bit frustrated at herself while she kept jerking me off.

"Well, you gotta wrap your mouth around it and suck it, too."

She opened her mouth wide, before bringing her mouth down and letting her lips fall around the width of my cock.

"Yeah, that's good. No need to force yourself."

Just the visual of having Rin with my cock in her mouth was already sexy as hell. Even if she wasn't good at it at all, I could probably cum just from that image.

…Or at least, I thought that way until I felt teeth.

"Y-You know, we're running low on time. Maybe we can move on to the next part now."

"Mnph? Ah, you're right, I guess."

I started fearing for the well-being of my son, so I made up some excuse to get her to remove her mouth from me.

Maybe I could teach her some other time.

"Hmm… Since you're already there, wanna go on top?"

"Ah… Sure…"

She blushed as I guided her to go on top of me. I held my cock in place and waited for her to take me inside.

We both let out noises of pleasure as we joined together.

She moaned while I stroked her insides with my hard cock, my hands going to her waist to ease her down.

I relished her tightness and how wet she was.

She started moving, but I also needed to help her bounce along, holding her waist up and using upward thrusts with my hips.

I didn't want us to sweat too much before heading off to school, but it felt so good inside her, and the sight of her small breasts bouncing was too much for me.

I started moving faster, properly fucking her, not caring at all if we ended up in a sweaty mess. Common sense dies once you're in the throes of passion with a lover. I always thought it was nonsense, that whole phrase about 'time standing still' when you're in the middle of great lovemaking, but I guess what was really nonsensical was not believing in the phrase.

Still, I was vaguely aware, even as Rin's lovely folds sucked me in with each forceful entry, that time was still advancing beyond us. I let my orgasm build, instead of focusing on holding on, tightening my core and letting the heat accumulate.

"You're on the pill, right?"

I said through gritted teeth, feeling the pleasant ache of my pulsating heart, the lightheadedness making me feel airy but at the same time, more focused than ever.

She shyly nodded.

"Y-Yeah, just to be safe."

Sena always provided us with a steady supply of contraceptives, without even asking for it. Thank god we were spared from making constant, awkward requests.

I sped up, reaching up to grope her small breasts, feeling her hard nipples in my palms.

Then we came together, her spine bending forward, before she collapsed on me. I caught her in my arms, as we breathed together.

As I played with her now sweat-soaked hair, I said,

"...You know, with the doors and everything, I could get used to this routine every morning."

"What about our morning walks to school?"

"Can't we change it to morning sex in bed?"

She pouted, but I didn't exactly hear a rejection, either.

Part 2

"It's oveeeerrr!"

I exclaimed in joy, once I finished the last test.

Konno-san walked over to me and offered a fist bump, which I quickly accepted.

"Congratulations, Satou-kun. You worked hard. I'm proud of you."

"It was all thanks to you, Konno-san. You helped me so much."

She grinned and placed a hand on her hip.

"Ah, yes. I helped in a myriad of ways, didn't I? Well, you're welcome."

"Don't worry, I'm gonna make sure that room of yours is so clean, you'd think I kidnapped you and transported you to a different location entirely!"

"...That's quite a thing to say before a girl invites you to her room for the first time."

I got carried away because of my excited state.

But it's not like I can help it. This midterm exam has been tormenting me psychologically for a whole week now. I didn't even care about my grades or the possibility of a non-updated quest list anymore. I was just glad that the whole ordeal was over and done with.

"So, when do you wanna come over?"

She said, as we left the classroom and walked together to the naginata club room. Club activities were resuming now that midterms were no longer an issue.

There was still that tournament coming up, but I wasn't really worried about that. I only joined the club for Darkness's sake, anyway.

"When are you free?"

"Well, I actually have something this weekend…"

By that something, I was willing to bet it was her idol activities. I asked,

"Are you free afterschool?"

"Yeah, but aren't you gonna be tired from midterms, and having to do club activities?"

"Let's just say that I'm re-energized."

"Heh… I get what you mean. It's like all my exhaustion melted away as soon as I gave my test sheet to the teacher. Alright, I guess we can head to my place after practice, then."

When we arrived to the club room, the president and Darkness arrived around the same time.

We put on our sparring gear and started practicing.

While we were sparring, I asked her,

"How did you do on the exam, Darkness?"

She easily parried one of my attacks and tried to counter with her own, but she missed by just an inch as she mistimed the attack.

She was still missing a lot, but the errant strikes weren't as egregious as before.

"...? It was rather easy. Why do you ask?"

I forgot that Darkness was some rich girl. She probably had a lot of skilled tutors since she was small. She didn't even look fazed at all by the exams.

"Hah… This privileged ojou-sama is so annoying."

"You keep bringing that up! Don't you get tired of bringing up the same topic over and over?!"

"Then stop annoying me with your privilege and I'll stop bringing it up."

We did some sparring after that, alternating partners between the members of the club.

Your intense practice has paid off! Your Stamina and Dexterity has increased by +2!

Darkness went ahead to go back to the mansion, saying she'd use the dungeon door as a shortcut. As for me, I went along with Konno-san to the train station.

"Ah, wanna grab a smoothie on the way, Konno-san?"

I pointed to the smoothie store I had been neglecting for a while.

"Oh, sure. That looks good. I could use the calories, anyway."

Konno-san was training harder than usual for the upcoming tournament. Even though I was an app-user, she was still regularly landing hits on me. I wondered what it'd be like if she was an app-user, but it didn't seem like she had the potential at all. It was a shame, since she was so good with the naginata.

Not only that, but as a Lia fan, I knew that she was an amazing dancer, as well. Not to mention her singing ability. Some people are just that naturally gifted, I guess.

We both ordered the special energizing smoothie, which I recommended to her. There was also a new offer to add an extra protein shot.

New option unlocked! Once a week, gain extra stamina with the energizing smoothie! This promotion has also increased the popularity of 'Sunshine Smoothie'. You will gain +1 Charisma again by coming to this store!

I said this before, but trends sure are quick to come and go, huh?

Konno-san was surprised when I paid for the smoothie. She said,

"It's fine, I can pay for it myself."

"It's payment for all the chocolates."

"...Those small things only cost a couple Yen."

"Well, they helped me get through the day."

She eventually acquiesced and let me pay for her smoothie.

While she was sipping it, I watched her and nodded in satisfaction.

"...What's with that expression you're giving me?"

She said, raising a brow as she sipped her smoothie.

"Hm… I wonder…"

I didn't say it aloud, but what I was feeling was akin to the feeling of fulfillment an idol otaku gets when they buy merch that supports their kami oshi.

"Ah, is there anything else you want, Konno-san? Want a designer bag, or something?"

"Eh?! How did we go from treating me to a smoothie to a designer bag?!"

I got carried away again.

I managed to convince her I was joking, even though I wasn't. After our short stop, I followed Konno-san to the train.

While she was telling me which route we would take, I noticed that there was an advertisement for Axel Hearts on the train.

Konno-san seemed to have noticed it, too. Before I could react, she turned me around and pushed me against the wall. She must have done that in a panic to prevent me from seeing the ad, since her eyes widened shortly after.

"Um… Don't get the wrong idea, this is just…"

She didn't really have a way to explain why she randomly grabbed a classmate and pulled him into a classic kabedon kind of scenario.

I felt bad, since she didn't know that I already knew about her secret. At the same time, I didn't think that it was appropriate to tell her that I knew. Without the app, I would have never known about it, so I felt like I had an unfair advantage over her, in that way.

Besides, I really did respect and admire Konno-san, so I didn't want to stress her out or make her feel awkward.

There was also the fact that her little stunt caught the attention of all the others in the train, with some fellow students whispering about us.

In this kind of situation, I just smiled and changed the subject.

"It's cool. So, Konno-san, do you have any siblings, or anything?"

She gave me a confused, almost bewildered look. Maybe I acted too casual. I mean, I guess it was strange for me not to comment on her pinning me against the wall. But I couldn't really back down now, so I just put on a friendly smile, even as her arms were currently locking me in place.

"Um… No, I don't…"

"Ah, I got a little brother myself."

While talking, I calmly held her arm, making it appear as if I was supporting her balance. With how smoothly I did it, the onlookers assumed that Konno-san was just having problems balancing herself in the train, and she used me as support.

Being the gentleman I was, of course, I respectfully held her arm in place.

Since I acted as if nothing unusual happened, Konno-san must have assumed that I also thought that she lost her balance, since she sighed out in relief, even leaning against me a little as I supported her arm.

Now, please don't misunderstand.

I said before that I, Satou Kazuma, am a man who will never refuse a chance to become intimate with a beautiful girl.

Obviously, Konno-san, as a secret idol, qualifies as a beautiful girl.

Do I find her attractive? Very much so. But I was far removed from the days when any sign of female attention would send me into a hormonal frenzy.

Beyond that, my feelings for Konno-san were strictly platonic, at least for now. She was so sweet and kind to me during that whole testing period, that I just wanted to treat her right. And not only that, but a true idol otaku would prefer to admire their kami oshi from afar, instead of romantically pursuing them.

Not that I'm an idol otaku, or anything.

We resumed talking, with Konno-san relaxing from her little scare after seeing the ad, as well as potentially embarrassing herself in public by pushing against me like that. I held her arm during the train ride as we talked face-to-face, with her telling me a bit about her home life.

When our stop arrived, I still held her arm a bit, so we wouldn't get lost in the crowd, but I let it go once we left the train station.

"It's only a five minute walk away from the station."

"How convenient. Is that how you always arrive so early during class?"

"I'd like to think my punctuality and conscientiousness plays a bigger role."

"How smug. As expected of someone with distinct advantages."

Although, that was rich coming from me, with my dungeon doors and teleportation.

Her apartment was a simple 2LDK affair. I would describe her living space as nearing upper middle-class, rather than on the lower-tier bracket.

I took my shoes off at the doorstep and followed her inside.

"I'm gonna get changed out of my uniform, so make yourself comfortable in the living room."

I nodded and turned around, only to see a framed picture of her and the Axel Hearts performing on stage.

"..."

This girl sure was reckless.

Well, she did admit to being rather sloppy when not in public.

Still, a public figure should be more careful.

Suddenly, as if only just now remembering, Konno-san let out a little gasp and ran over, pushing me into the couch, out of sight of the framed picture on the wall.

"..." x 2.

We stared at each other as her hands were on my chest.

Is this girl trying to undo my act of chivalry earlier?!

How was I supposed to come up with an excuse for her now?!

The train situation was one thing, since it was a rather bumpy ride, especially for a girl like her.

But how was I gonna pretend like I wasn't just pushed down onto the couch, in the privacy of my female classmate's home?

"This is… Uh…"

Her pace was pale, and I could see her eyes were swimming.

"...No, it's my fault. I shouldn't be snooping around at your pictures and stuff, right?"

This was the only thing I could think of on the spot.

She backed away and stood up, offering her hand to help me stand. I took it and got on my feet, as she went to the wall and hurriedly took the picture away.

"No, it's my fault! I just left it out in the open when I invited you here. Sorry for pushing you down like that. Did it hurt?"

"I'm fine. I'll wait in the kitchen instead, OK?"

"Thanks…"

…This was just supposed to be a simple hangout, with me cleaning her room to return the favor, but this girl is driving me nuts with her stunts!

I sighed, feeling parched from all the chaos.

I went over to the cupboard, thinking it was OK to help myself to a glass of water.

But when I opened it, I saw an Axel Hearts coffee mug inside.

"..."

I slowly closed the cupboard and just sat at the table.

Part 3

I teleported back to my room, my period of rejuvenation elapsing after all those close incidents with Konno-san.

Not to mention how I didn't expect her room to be as messy as it was. I had to spend a whole hour cleaning it.

I looked at my phone, where a notification came up from Appuri-chan earlier.

Your bond with Konno Lia has deepened!

Konno Lia (Idol-In-Disguise), Bond Rank: 5

At Rank 5, you have now become good friends with Lia. She seems desperate to hide her identity as an idol from you, since you are her first male friend, and she doesn't want to ruin that. She just wants to be treated as an ordinary girl and have a normal friendship with a guy in her class. She appreciates the fact that you didn't get any misunderstandings when she accidentally touched you all those times.

Bond Reward: [Versatile Entertainer] Rank-Up!

[Versatile Entertainer ] Skill Rank: 3, Passive Skill

You are adept in mimicking the voice of someone you know. If you are mimicking the voice of someone you don't know, you must spend at least 5 minutes observing their speech patterns and mannerisms. Useful for making celebrity impressions. You become proficient with acrobatic moves, the success of which is determined by your 'Dexterity' (79). You gain +1 Evasion chance due to your acrobatic skill.

…At this point, could I even tell her that I knew her secret now, even if I wanted to?

Also, as for that 'Evasion chance'...

I checked my 'Armor' section.

Armor (Mithril Half-Plate): +16 physical reduction +1 Evasion

…So it increases my defense, huh?

This [Versatile Entertainer] skill seemed like a joke at first, but it was proving to be more useful the more it ranks up.

Maybe I should give Aqua more credit.

…I wasn't sure if [Nature's Beauty] would ever be useful, though.

While I was lazily looking at my phone…

There was a knock on my door.

I gave a mumbled acknowledgement in return.

"Onii-sama, would you like to play some games with me?"

It was Iris.

She was peeking her head into the room, watching me as I planted my face in a pillow.

I'd normally say yes, but I couldn't even move a muscle anymore.

"Ah, your onii-sama is rather tired right now."

"Oh, it's fine! I'll just play with Kyouya onii-sama."

"...Actually, I'm not that tired anymore."

I quickly got up from bed.

"Eh? It's fine, Onii-sama. No need to force yourself."

"No, no, I said I'm fine, right?"

There's no way I was gonna let Mitsurugi steal my cute imouto from me.

"Do you mind if we play in my private dungeon?"

Iris blinked, then slowly backed away from me.

"I didn't mean anything weird by that."
I said, once I realized how that sentence could be interpreted.

I showed her the dungeon, which had now expanded.

Along with a workplace featuring a PC, there was now even a leisure room beside the golem trap.

Inside the leisure room, there was a TV, a couch, a couple game systems and even a fridge for snacks.

"Whoa…! Where did all of this come from?!"

Iris said, looking around at the room in astonishment.

"Heh, pretty cool, right? I set up a trap outside that all the golems can fall into. That way, I'll get EXP while I'm relaxing in this room. I'm even thinking of putting a bed in here."

"Hm? Why do you need a bed?"

"Well, it's so I can get EXP even while I'm sleeping."

"But onii-sama, you get EXP as long as you land the killing blow… It doesn't matter if you're right beside it."

"...Is that right?"

Since she was from the other world, Iris knew something I didn't.

Wait, that would mean that, as long as the dungeon had enough energy, I could keep the AFK farm running, even when I wasn't there, right?

"..."

This whole idea just became even more lucrative.

And it was now even more imperative than ever to get more energy into the dungeon.

"Iris… You sure are a bright child!"

She blushed as I rubbed her head.

"Ehe… I'm glad to help, onii-sama! Ah, but getting EXP is one thing, but it doesn't matter how many levels you get if you don't have the battle experience to go along with it."

Vanir told me the same thing before.

"Well, I should be fine in that regard."

I had been through so many battles already, that there shouldn't be a problem even if I took power leveling seriously.

Besides, there was only so much that battle experience could do against an enemy with esoteric abilities, like that of Serena.

Or an enemy that could just overpower anyone, like Wolbach.

And now… Wiz.

I shook my head, trying not to think about Wiz right now.

We went on the couch and started our gaming session. Iris had gotten better since she started playing games with Aqua, but Aqua was by no means a good opponent.

"Ahhh… I keep losing!"

Iris said, putting her controller down.

"Well, you did win a couple rounds."

Iris's specs were just too high. Sometimes, her raw reflexes would catch me off guard, especially when we were playing fighting games.

Eventually, she put the controller down and had a thoughtful look on her face.

She seemed distracted, so I went to the fridge and took out a can of juice.

She yelped when I pressed the cold can against her cheek.

"Eeep! What was that for, onii-sama?!"

She rubbed at the cold spot on her cheek and accepted the drink.

"You having deep thoughts? Or are you planning revenge on your onii-sama after I thoroughly defeated you?"

"...I'm not that petty."
"Then what are you thinking about? I'll let you win another round if you tell me."

"I don't want to win that way! …And I'm just thinking… Is it really alright for me to just have fun like this? Even in the last battle, I was told to stay behind, even though you were in danger, onii-sama."

I didn't think she was concerned about not being able to help last time, but I could imagine her distress. If I was in that situation, I would feel helpless if I couldn't come to save Iris from capture.

"...I'm glad you think that way, Iris. But you should put your trust in us."

It was a tall order, asking a young girl from another world to trust people she just met. I just wanted her to know that she could trust us, that she didn't have to bear the burden anymore.

She lived her whole life with all kinds of responsibility weighing on her shoulders. That was why she couldn't get rid of that mentality of needing to help, of needing to fight, when other children would be kept hidden away and safe.

We'd probably need her help eventually, but that was only if the situation was really desperate. For now, like I decided before, I wanted her to live a normal life befitting a girl her age.

I patted her head again.

"If you wanna be helpful, you should work hard on your studies. That way, you can live in this world, even if we can't find a way to bring you back."

"I'm working hard on that! When am I going to this 'school' thing?"

"Sena is on that, so it will probably happen soon."

"I'm actually pretty excited! I wonder if I'll make lots of friends!"

"You wanna make friends your own age, huh? Be careful, though, Iris. A girl like you is bound to be popular… There will surely be all kinds of guys who will try to get close to you…."

She tilted her head questioningly.

"Hm? Why is that a bad thing, onii-sama? I want to make friends with all sorts of people!"

"T-They don't just want to be friends with you! They have ulterior motives!"

She weakly smiled and glanced away.

"Um… What's wrong with that?"

"...?!"

Iris sensed the way I was looking at her and waved her hands around in defense.

"I-I don't mean it like that, onii-sama! But I've been sheltered all my life, so it's not wrong for me to be interested, right?!"

…I guess she was at that age.

And with how she lived before, it was understandable that she'd be curious about boys her age.

But still…!

Iris is my little sister, so of course imagining a guy trying to hit on her makes me want to pummel that hypothetical guy in the face!

"Hah?! What are you talking about, young lady?! You're only 12 years old, and you're already thinking about boys?! I guess I should send you to an all girls school, huh?!"

"D-Don't be unreasonable, onii-sama!"

She clutched my arm, trying to make me reconsider by giving me cutesy eyes.

"...Are you planning on giving those boys that same cute face?! I'm not falling for it!"

"You know, onii-sama, if you're this petulant and unreasonable, then I'll end up hating you!"

"...!!!"

She ended up giving me an ultimatum.

"Got it. I understand."

I ended up surrendering to her.

Your bond with Iris has deepened!

Iris (Sword Princess), Bond Rank: 3

At Rank 3, Iris has decided to put her trust in you, even if she thinks you're being overly protective. She seems to be interested in making friends, even flirting with boys her age. She also threatened to hate you if you send her to an all-girls school. Respecting Iris's freedoms and boundaries will make her trust you more. Acting like a siscon will destroy your bond, however.

Bond Reward: +10 Potential

Part 4

I looked at the bond reward I got from Iris once we were done gaming.

…To think my potential would finally increase.

And for Iris to be the one to raise it… I guess that reflected her talented nature, huh?

Since bond rewards were completely different from the normal acquisition of skills and stats, I suppose that even something like innate talent could be cultivated through the power of bonds with other people.

"I'm no longer a talentless scrub, huh?"

I said to myself, in equal parts relief and pride.

Despite what I just learned from Iris about the nature of EXP, I didn't leave the golem farm on, since I didn't want the dungeon's Manatite Core to run out.

Instead, I simply went downstairs to the dining room.

Rin was in charge of cooking this time. She had on a Magic Tanuki Girl apron and was cheerfully placing the food down on the table.

It was a pretty typical Japanese dinner with ebi fry and vegetable tempura, miso soup, a fresh salad and rice. Once I sat myself down, Sena noticed my haggard appearance.

"Are you alright, Kazuma-san?"

The fact that she noticed made me look at her gratefully.

"...To be honest, I could use a break."

Thankfully, the school was merciful enough to give us both Saturday and Sunday off, before callously wresting us back from rightful leisure.

Sena lifted her head in thought.

"Hmm… We could organize a trip for the weekend. I feel like everyone here deserves some relaxation."

"Eh? Really?!"

I said, looking at Sena as if she were my savior.

"Of course. It's only right that the heroes of this nation can enjoy a government-paid trip every once in a while, right?"

Aqua stood up from her seat. She had that stupid bird in her hands, lifting it up.

"Ohh! Did you hear that, my baby? You're going on your first trip!"

"Chirp…?"

The so-called dragon Emperor Zell only cluelessly tilted its head, as its non-biological mother talked to it as if it could understand her.

Sena promised to handle everything on her end. The only thing we needed to worry about was packing our things.

"This is our first trip together with everyone, huh?"

Rin said, while I was helping her wash the dishes after everyone finished eating.

"You looking forward to it?"

"Of course!"

After dinner, I went back to my room to start planning which clothes I'd bring.

While I was folding some shirts, I heard a knock on the door.

Without even waiting for my permission, Aqua came in with Emperor Zell in hand.

"Oi, Kazuma, you haven't been bonding with your child…"

She placed Emperor Zell in my hands.

"Chirp!"

It flapped its wings once while seeming to smile at me.

"...I thought Mitsurugi was the father?"

"Oh, come on! We've done it so many times, you're surely the father!"

"Do you honestly think any of the sex we had led to the birth of this thing?! This bird came from a loot box, remember?!"

She hurriedly wrapped her hands around Zell's ears.

"Shhh! Why would you say that in front of him?!"

"...If you think it can even understand a word we're saying, then your delusion is incurable at this point."

She pouted, then sat on my bed while Zell laid on her lap.

"By the way… I went to harass, I mean, hangout with Wiz earlier but… That bastard devil told me that she went away. Hmph… I guess that Lich has finally shown her true colors!"

Even though Aqua said that, I could tell that there wasn't any truth behind her words. In fact, there was a hint of sadness in her eyes.

I sighed and sat beside her, putting my arms around her shoulders.

"Hey, I don't need any comforting! I'm glad that she's gone!"

"...If you keep this up, then you'll be as much of a tsundere as Megumin is towards Yunyun."

"Don't even compare me to the closeted Megumin. I noticed she was staring at Yunyun so much during dinner time."

…That was probably because of Yunyun's new skill.

Aqua might not be affected since she was a goddess, but I didn't notice any change of behavior with the other girls.

So that would mean…

"Humu. Maybe there is a bit of yuri in that Megumin…"

If I were to assume that [Lady Killer] worked like the harem skill I got from Kazuto, then it wasn't a full on mind control skill.

At least, I'd hope not.

I had enough of mind control with the whole Serena story arc.

"Hah… That Lich is such a coward. When is she coming back?"

Even though I tried to change the subject, she immediately came back to it.

"Don't worry, we'll get her back."

"W-Who said I want her back?!"

"You really are a tsundere for Wiz, aren't you?!"

"I told you I'm not!"

I thought that she'd be pissed off and leave, but she set Zell aside and went closer to me. Soon, she was kissing my neck.

"Oi… I still got things to pack. Not to mention, I'm beyond exhausted now."

"...Don't give me that. We haven't done it since you got kidnapped."

I felt her smiling into my neck as she started nibbling it.

Then, she started giving me hickeys.

"Are you crazy…? Sena said we're probably going to a beach tomorrow, and you're giving me love bites?"

"Don't you wanna show off your active love life to random strangers?"

"What kind of exhibitionist do you think I am?"

She grinned and pushed me down on the bed, a shade falling over her face as her hair dangled down in bright blue strands, catching light from above.

"You don't gotta move. Come on, just a quickie. Pleeeease? Just the tip. I'm fine with just the tip."

"...You sound like some desperate sleazebag."

"I want you. Pweeeaaase? Come on, baby."

"..."

I pitched a tent as soon as she called me 'baby' with that sensuous, hungry voice of hers.

"...Fine. Just a little."

She grinned and started taking off her pajama top.

I was reluctant, but as soon as I saw her stripping naked, I couldn't even stop myself from getting hard. She gave me a knowing smirk when she pulled my pants down and saw my erection trying to rip itself out of my underwear.

"Oh, come on. You wanna have sex just as badly, don't even lie."

"...I wasn't lying. I really am tired."

"Then just lay there and let me do all the work."

I did as she asked, relaxing and laying my head back on my pillow.

Soon, I felt her pussy lips on my shaft, her wetness mingling with the stiff flesh.

Everything about Aqua always managed to turn me on, and everything that annoyed me about her only added to the arousal, as if my body wanted to pay her back for all those times she irritated me to no end.

…I swear that I really did love her, and this wasn't exclusively a hate sex kind of scenario.

Although, there was a lot of that, too.

I moaned as I felt my tip going past her entrance, plunging into her deepest parts, until I was all the way inside her.

"You really are backed up, huh?"

I groaned, as I felt how warm and wet she was for me. Not to mention that her core had a constant, firm squeeze around my shaft.

"I told you I really needed this."

Her body was pressed close to me, forehead nearly touching mine. She smiled and kissed me as she started moving, her breasts making an enticing show as they pressed down against my chest.

She was gentle, making sure I didn't exert myself, and I just laid there and let her take full control, letting her kiss me, hold me, use my cock as she wished.

True to her word, it was a quick affair. With quickies, I don't cum as hard or as intensely as a drawn out session, but the pleasure still had a unique quality to it. I felt like I was slowly being milked when I finally came inside her, the moderate pleasure spreading through and out of me after my quick orgasm.

She managed to cum, too, and even though it wasn't one of those crazy, shaking orgasms, I could tell she enjoyed it as well, as she let out a gasping moan against one of the love bites she left on my neck.

"Love ya…"

She said, her voice with a slurred quality as she rolled off me and held my arm.

"...Love you too."

"Now say it to your child."

"...You know you just made that child of yours watch us having sex, right?"

I said, while glancing at Zell, who stared blankly back at me.

"It's fine. He's still just a baby. He won't remember any of this."

"He won't remember it at all, no matter how old he gets."

I could have said more, but at that point, I was too tired to argue.

We ended up sleeping naked together.

Part 5

Even though she only had a night to plan the trip, the efficient Sena managed to arrange a two day trip for us in Kyoto.

We were loaded into the bus at around 10 am. Inside, we were all chatting excitedly about the trip, while Sena made some stops to pick other people up.

Those other people were my family and Megumin's family.

We were all allowed to invite family members, but only me and Megumin's family were able to make the trip on such short notice.

It had been a while since I had last seen my family, so I was actually looking forward to seeing them.

"Kazuma-kun… You haven't been calling us lately."

My mom, with a rather scary look on her face, told me when they were picked up by the bus. My dad gave me an apologetic look, as he carried their luggage inside without helping me face my mom's wrath.

"...Ah, I've been busy with midterms."

"Is that so…? Well, I guess I can accept that excuse."

To be fair to me, it was true. I couldn't exactly call them while I was a puppet, and midterms did take a lot out of me.

And I was regularly calling them before that.

Well, most of the time.

But when you're a teenager who gets to live in a mansion with all of his friends, calling your parents is the last thing that's on your mind, usually.

Sometimes, when my mom called at night, I was also in my room making out with Aqua or Rin, so those calls went unanswered.

Kazuto gave me a stoic nod as he boarded the bus.

"Hello, nii-san."

"...Eh? I thought you'd be more excited?"

I said, wondering why he was putting on an affected, emotionless face.

He sighed and swept his hair back. He was wearing a cheap pair of shades and a collared shirt with a popped collar.

"...Geez, nii-san. It's only been a few weeks since we last met. I'm not gonna get that excited over a little reunion."

After staring at him for a while, I went to my dad for an explanation.

"Kazuto is going through a phase right now… He's embarrassed to be seen with us in public and always talks about things being 'lame' and 'tryhard'."

Ah, so he was in his edgy phase.

It was like the more socially-acceptable version of chuunibyou, when a preteen acts as if they're too cool for everything.

That explains the pretentious attitude, the tacky shades and the corny popped collar he had on.

He'd probably look back at this phase a few years later and cringe at his past self.

To make sure that there was lots of evidence of this phase of Kazuto's, I took my phone out.

"Ah, how about a selfie, Kazuto?"

"Humu… I guess I can entertain you."

This brat…

I'm gonna make sure to rub this in his face when he's in highschool.

We took a selfie, with Kazuto not smiling and doing what he thought was a cool pose.

Meanwhile, Megumin was also talking to her family.

"Ahh… I'm glad you invited us on this vacation, Megumin! I could use a break! I had a stressful last few weeks…"

Hyoizaburo-san said, as he sat down with Megumin, Yuiyui-san and Komekko.

"I'm glad you're safe from those random gas explosions in the base, dad."

"Tell me about it! To think that a military facility would let something like that happen! Where's all our taxpayer money going?!"

Since Hyoizaburo-san wasn't given classified information, as he was technically still a civilian, they told him a cover up story to explain the explosion attacks Wolbach did on the military base.

Thankfully, he was safe from everything.

Still, if I wanted to request him to do something for me, like when I had him disassemble an attack helicopter before, he might figure out that something is amiss.

…In the first place, the fact that he wasn't asking questions about my involvement with the military meant that he was willing to stay quiet as long as he got paid, though.

Well, considering their past living conditions, I couldn't really blame him.

Yuiyui-san saw me watching them and smiled, bowing at me.

"Thanks for taking care of Megumin, Kazuma-san."

"Ah, it's no problem."

…That could be interpreted in a few ways.

And knowing Yuiyui-san, she was probably plotting something.

"Ah, nii-chan, do you have some snacks?"

Komekko said, finally noticing me.

She said that, but there were already crumbs all over her face.

And she already had a bag full of treats with her.

She saw me looking at the bag, and then shamelessly closed it and put it under her seat.

…Did she think I didn't see that?

Still, I took out my own snack supply and handed her a chocolate bar.

"Oh, thank you, nii-chan! Nee-chan was right, you really are weak to little girls!"

"...Oi."

I said, glaring at Megumin.

She glanced away from me and didn't answer.

It was about a 5 hour drive to Kyoto, so we had some time to spend on the bus. I sat with my family, and Iris came over to sit with Kazuto and me, as she was curious about the kid who was around her own age.

I didn't think much of it when she came over to introduce herself.

But while I watched them chatting…

I remembered what Iris said about being curious about boys her own age.

"Ehh… So Iris is from another country, huh? I guess that's why you're so beautiful!"

Iris blushed at that and giggled.

"T-Thank you! You're too kind!"

This guy…!

This was the same precocious kid who gave me all those 'Charisma' lessons.

He even taught me how to cheat on girls.

In fact, his scumbaggery was so bad, that most of my family's bond rank-up rewards end up having to do with allowing me to have multiple partners.

…Well, I'm grateful to him for that, but…

Imagine you're having a serious bonding moment with your family, then all of a sudden a notification on your phone pops up:

Congratulations! Your family's final bond reward is that you get to have a harem!

That's basically what happened!

The final bond rank up is basically the culmination of the bond between people, an ultimate representation of it.

And this kid dirtied my family's name with his harem rewards!

In short, I knew that Kazuto could not be trusted with my precious little sister.

"Hey, Kazuto, remember what you were telling me about what your ideal girl is like?"

"Urk…!"

Kazuto flinched once I reminded him of that.

He was lucky he was wearing shades, since I bet his eyes were dilating right now.

"Eh? Ah, are we talking about love, now? I'd love to hear what Kazuto's ideal girl is like!"

Iris innocently asked, as she looked at Kazuto in anticipation.

"Um… The ideal girl is someone who is kind and gentle…"

"Eh? Didn't you say that the ideal girl was someone who was easy and had daddy issues?"

"...Easy? Daddy issues?"

Iris's smile immediately fell from her face.

"N-Nii-san, stop joking around like that… Haha…"

He said, with gritted teeth.

I was fully intent on cockblocking him.

"Ehh… I wasn't joking, though."

"By easy, I meant easy on the eyes, and by daddy issues, I meant I didn't want any issues with her daddy."

"Oh, so that's what that meant!"

This kid is too crafty.

Did he get that from me?

…Or maybe it's a Satou trait.

My parents weren't really the sneaky types, though.

Or at least, from what I could tell.

Before I could say more, Kazuto turned to me with a forced smile.

"Ah, nii-san… How about we talk about how you ruined my first true love, hm?"

"...Are you really gonna go there?"

I glanced at Aqua, who was taking care of Zell, who she brought along for some reason. Yunyun was seated with her, and she was forced to listen to Aqua drone on and on about her 'child'.

I did still feel bad about doing that to Kazuto.

And I guess I did technically owe him one.

"..."

I hated to do it, but I decided to stop cockblocking him.

Going so far as to guilt trip me like that…

Well, I guess he is my little brother.

Part 6

After the long drive, Sena pulled up into the entrance of the luxury hotel we would be staying at.

"Here we are."

She said, as hotel staff came out to personally escort us in.

"...Government connections sure are effective."

I said, as I looked at the hotel staff rushing to take our luggage as soon as we stepped out of the bus. They had a nervous air about them, as they worked efficiently.

We were led up to our rooms, with the hotel staff giving us a brief explanation of the services and facilities we could use in the hotel, as well as the things we could do in Kyoto.

"The Shotenkyo beach is very close by, and there are many shrines to visit within the prefecture, such as the Yataka Shrine and the Kifune shrine!"

When she mentioned shrines, I remembered that I got an increase in my 'Luck' stat the last time I visited a shrine.

To make sure, I checked the 'Service Locator App'.

There are 5 shrines that can increase Luck in Kyoto! In some of the shrines, fulfilling a challenge will give bonus Luck!

…I didn't want to spend my break visiting shrines, but the luck bonus was so hard to come by.

Still, I wanted to spend at least one day just relaxing.

"Here are your room keys."

The staff gave them to Sena, who divided it among us.

I got paired up with Mitsurugi. We went to check out our rooms, while the others dispersed to their room assignments.

"Whoa…"

I had only been in a couple hotels in the past, but they were all in the low to medium range, in terms of quality. This room was clearly meant for important people, going by the paintings on the wall, including calligraphy from an artist even someone like me who didn't care about that kind of stuff recognized. There was even a drink bar and a perfect view of the city skyline, along with the beach we were going to later.

After putting my luggage to the side of my bed, I tested the mattress by diving onto it, my face hitting the pillows.

"...I kinda just wanna sleep all day."

The quality of the bed was that good.

"What did you even come here for? I wanna hit the beach."

Mitsurugi said, after he sat on the bed to test it to see what I meant. He got up to the fridge and looked inside.

"...There's liquor here."

"Oh? Toss me a beer."

"...You're quickly becoming an alcoholic, huh?"

He said, referring to my nearly nightly drinking sessions with Sena and Aqua.

Still, he got me a beer and tossed it.

"Oi, it's rude to not drink when your friend is drinking."

He watched me crack the can open, only for the foam to nearly spill on the bed.

"Hah… Fine. Kanpai."

He took a can of his own and raised it.

"Kanpai!"

We both took a big gulp.

"Hm? This kinda tastes different."

I said, looking at the can after a few sips.

"It says it's a rice lager."

"Eh… It's pretty good."

"Satou… You're really something, huh? Your parents are here with you on this trip, and you're drinking."

"Is it really that weird for teenagers to drink?"

"It's weird if you know your parents are across the hall, yeah."
I downed the rest of the beer and threw it up for Mitsurugi.

He tapped it down into the garbage can next to him, before throwing away his empty can, too.

Soon, I got a text message from the others, saying they were heading to the beach.

Mitsurugi and I changed into beach wear, tank tops and swimming trunks, as well as flip flops.

He looked at my arms and said,

"...You're pretty ripped now, huh?"

I was about to flex, until I saw the definition on his delts.

"Says you."

"Oi, just learn to take a compliment without making it a competition."

"Only guys who are at the top of the pecking order feel secure enough to say that."

Still, we both had bodies that weren't obviously ripped when we were wearing clothes, especially our school uniforms, since those were pretty loose.

But now was the time to show them off at the beach.

"Hm… When did I become so vain?"

"You're talking as if that's a new development."

We went downstairs to the lobby to meet up with the others. The girls were either wearing light dresses or cover ups over their swimsuits, while Yunyun simply wore a big sweatshirt over hers that went up to her thighs.

"We ready to go?"

Aqua said, holding a large-brimmed hat to her head.

"Yup… Where's our parents?"

I said, looking around for my parents and Megumin's.

Megumin gave me a flat look.

"...Married couples end up in the most luxurious hotel rooms they've ever set foot in, with unlimited room service and alcohol. What do you think they're doing?"

"I wanna say playing Monopoly, for the sake of my sanity."

"...More like Twister. Alright, let's get going before that image further germinates in my head."

It was a pretty short walk to the beach, and there were other guests from the hotel making their way over there. There were even some foreigners who didn't bother with a cover over their swimsuits, walking in and out of the hotel lobby with nothing but their skimpy bikinis and speedos on.

"It's the seaaaa!"

Rin and Aqua yelled, cupping their hands around their mouth as we reached the beach, gazing out into the steady, rolling waves of the sea.

Aqua hurriedly ran through the sand, kicking up grains as she held her hat against the wind.

"Come on, senpai!"

Rin held my hand and dragged me along as she followed Aqua.

Darkness, Yunyun and Sena were the last to follow. Darkness was blushing while fidgeting in the summer dress she was wearing, while Yunyun looked straight up petrified. Sena didn't look as embarrassed as them, but she still looked hesitant. She hugged her light cardigan around her chest.

"...What's the matter with you three?"

Megumin said, as she already deposited her cover, revealing a nice red bikini decorated with white bows. It fit her petite form nicely.

"I-I'm embarrassed…"

Yunyun said, clutching her sweater.

"...I didn't think there would be this many people."

Darkness said, shifting her eyes around.

"I feel kind of out of place with this group."

Sena said, sighing as she admitted her insecurity.

Megumin, however, wasn't satisfied with their explanations.

"Hah?! The three bustiest girls in our group are the shyest ones here?! Look at Rin, Iris and me! We're flaunting our bodies without any shame!"

Rin gave Megumin a weak, almost defeated smile, as she took her dress off.

"...I think we're more comfortable 'coz we don't have as much to show, Megu-chan…"

"What did you say?! Oi, there's some things you should never say, even about yourself!"

Iris gave Megumin a blank look.

"Um… Please don't group me with you two… I still have time to grow."

Kazuto brought his shades down, as if he was examining Iris's body.

"Humu… I shall look forward to it."

This bastard…

I really needed to keep an eye on him, huh?

Eventually, out of the trio of the 'bustiest ones', as Megumin called them, Sena was the first to relent. She sighed as she pulled her cardigan open, revealing the light grayish-blue bikini top under it.

My eyes were immediately drawn to her cleavage, while Kazuto and Mitsurugi were quick to follow.

Mitsurugi quickly took his eyes away.

"Um… You don't have anything to worry about, Sena-san…"

"...S-So mature…"

Mitsurugi was able to keep his composure, but this brat Kazuto was already drooling.

Sena looked to me for a comment.

"...Delicious."

"W-What does that mean?"

What else could it mean?

I hoped Sena still remembered that offer I gave her before.

If she ever wanted to have some casual fun, I was more than willing.

Komekko, who had already somehow gotten a popsicle from somewhere, came back to us while looking at Yunyun and Darkness.

"...Hm? Why are the bustiest onee-chans the ones hiding their stuff? Meanwhile, Megumin nee-chan and the flattest girls are so proud…"

Like her sister, she came with the same conclusion.

However, the way she said it was a lot more brutal.

Still, that actually gave Yunyun and Darkness the push to take their covers off.

Rin and Megumin covered themselves up as a result, though.

Part 7

"Ah, I'm back in my domain!"

Aqua said, as she ran into the water.

"Nature's Beauty!"

She made the water rise up all around, creating a spectacular fountain of small waves around her.

"Ohh! So pretty!"

Komekko said, fascinated by the show.

"Oi, Aqua, you're getting your shirt wet."

"Oh, right."
She took off her shirt and rudely tossed it at my face.

While the others were having fun, I helped set up the umbrellas, chairs and towels we would use.

"Kazuma, can you help me put on some sunscreen?"

Darkness said, taking out a bottle from her bag.

I sprayed some on earlier, but it seemed like Darkness wanted to fully cover her body with a lotion.

Well, she did have really fair skin, so I could understand why.

I put some of the sunscreen in my hands and kneeled beside her, starting to apply it on her skin.

While I rubbed it on her, I looked at her exposed skin.

"Eeep…?! Where are you touching?!"

She said, when my hands made their way to her ass.

"Hm? You don't want any sunburn here, do you?"

"...That would be a lot more convincing if your fingers weren't going in my bikini! Mnn!"

She let out a moan.

"Don't tell me you're getting turned on from just this…"

I said, as I kept rubbing her ass.

"W-Well, doing this in public is… So kinky!"

"A masochist and an exhibitionist. You truly are a multi-faceted pervert. I'm impressed."

"...S-Stop it with all the backhanded compliments."

"Oh? You want me to use my backhand?"

I turned my hand around and backhand slapped her ass.

"Kyuun~!"

While we were doing that, I felt someone watching me.

Megumin had a popsicle in hand as she gave us an unimpressed stare.

"Oi, there's kids around here. Stop doing that."

She had a point.

I took my hands away, which made Darkness let out a disappointed whimper.

After I finished applying the rest of the sunscreen, in a more appropriate way this time, Darkness went to join the others.

Meanwhile, Megumin sat down on the towel beside me, licking the blue popsicle she bought.

"Not gonna join the others?"

I said, glancing at her.

"I just bought this thing, so I'm gonna finish it before it melts."

She didn't want to waste a drop of the popsicle, huh?

I guess that was a remnant of her poor lifestyle.

As I kept watching her, she glanced back at me, and an amused look warring with hesitation dithered in her eyes. Eventually, the amusement and sense of experimentation won over the hesitancy, and she started licking the popsicle while staring right into my eyes.

"...?!"

I never thought I would see Megumin in a seductive light, but here she was, eyes narrowed sensuously, her small tongue poking at the ice cream, which was now starting to look more phallic as it melted from her actions.

And then I thought about it.

I told her that I didn't want to take her first time under such somber circumstances, since it felt like I was taking advantage of an emotionally tumultuous situation.

But now, it was the exact opposite of the time she was mourning Wolbach's betrayal. We were on vacation, and the mood was perfect for romance.

Even our parents were swept up in the atmosphere and were currently engaged in the motions of lovemaking.

…She really had to put that in my mind, huh?!

"Um, Megumin…"

"Oiiii! You two! What are you doing there! Come into the water!"

Aqua said, yelling at us as she splashed around with the others.

Megumin giggled and tossed me the popsicle stick as she stood up. She looked over her shoulder as she intentionally swayed her hips while walking to the others.

"..."

I went to join them as well, although it was awkward considering the situation in my trunks.

I quickly dove into the cool water to try and calm myself.

Only for Aqua to decide to jump on my back.

Once I felt her breasts on my back, covered only by the thin fabric of her bikini, the lust returned.

"Let's have a piggyback war!"

"Eh… Won't someone get hurt…? Actually, nevermind."

I guess Mitsurugi almost forgot that Aqua could just secretly heal those who got hurt.

And so, Kazuto ended up giving Iris a piggyback ride, while Yunyun volunteered to join Mitsurugi.

Meanwhile, Darkness had Rin hop on, while Megumin gave Komekko a ride.

Sena decided to stay on the side as a referee.

"OK… Start…!"

I wasn't going to take this seriously, but Aqua started slapping my shoulder.

"Oi, Kazuma, charge!"

I decided to go along just so she'd stop smacking me and ran forward.

"Gah, so hard!"

I said, when I ended up bumping into Darkness. Aqua and I were both sent flying back.

"D-Don't say I'm hard!"

Darkness yelled while blushing deeply.

I thought that Darkness would be undefeated, but…

"Face the mighty Komekko's tickle attack!"

"Ahahahaha! That's not fair?!"

Rin couldn't hang onto Darkness's shoulders and fell back from Komekko's tickling technique.

Eventually, Megumin's nimble movements on top of Komekko's tricks meant that most of the combatants were swiftly taken out.

However, there was a remaining challenger.

Since Kazuto was also pretty small, he was able to dodge the stronger, but bigger Mitsurugi.

Especially since there was water making the movements of the bigger target slower.

And Iris was also deceptively strong.

"Owww! Owww! I give, I give!"

That was how she got Mitsurugi to give up, by clutching his face and almost crushing his head.

"...It's down to us, huh, Megumin nee-san…"

Kazuto said to Megumin with a cocky little grin.

"Let's take this victory, Kazu-kun!"

Iris already has a little nickname for him, huh?

I resisted the urge to break up the good mood between them, since I promised Kazuto that I wouldn't interfere.

As for the two sisters…

"Let's use that nee-chan…"

"Fufu… Very well…"

They started doing some weird motions with their hands, rotating them in circles. The movement was hypnotic and it almost looked like their hands were leaving afterimages.

Kazuto and Iris then charged forward.

Understandably, Iris didn't want to hurt the younger girl, so she attacked Megumin instead.

However, their hands clashed together in a surprisingly even show of strength.

"Eh?! Why is Megumin-san's grip so strong?!"

Iris said, as Megumin easily clasped Iris's hands, which even took out Mitsurugi.

"Fufu… I did unlock a [Death Grip] skill from Darkness, after all… Since it's not magic, I can use it without cheating on explosion magic."

…Are you telling me she might have unlocked a bunch of useful magic skills, but she wasn't using them for such a stupid reason?

Well, at least she was using other skills, at least.

Although using it to win in a game like this is kind of sad.

While Megumin and Iris were locked in a clash, Kazuto had to deal with Komekko.

"Oww, owww! Stop pulling my hair! I give up! I give up!"

And so, the Megumin and Kome combo proved too strong to take down.

"Hehe… That was fun!"

Yunyun said, as Sena called the match.

Rin smiled at her in agreement.

"It was a good thing we came here!"

Aqua grinned at them.

"I like your enthusiasm! Let's keep partying until the trip is over!"

"Yoooshhh!"

And so, our first day of the Kyoto trip started on a good note.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:JOJOBRN, OtroWey, kinggamerlite29 and 235 others
BoringBone
Mar 2, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 42: Blessing These Tired Souls With Some Relaxation!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Mar 10, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,030
Chapter 42: Blessing These Tired Souls With Some Relaxation!

Part 1

We played around on the beach for a while before heading back to the hotel.

It was dinner time by the time we finished, so we showered and changed into normal clothes, before heading to the hotel's restaurant.

Megumin's and my parents were already there, and they seemed to be in a good mood.

I could imagine why.

"Ah, Megumin and Komekko, did you enjoy your little swim?"

Yuiyui-san said, all while looking more youthful than ever, with her skin all glossy and refreshed.

And I didn't think she hit the spa to have that effect, either…

Hyoizaburo-san also looked very content, and he had his arm wrapped around Yuiyui-san.

That's the face of a man who got lucky.

I should know.

Meanwhile, I didn't even want to look at my parents, who were undoubtedly in the same state.

Once we finished dinner, Mitsurugi said to me,

"Oi, Satou, let's check out the gym. It's been a while since we worked out together."

It was true that it had been a while since the last time, and I did gain a lot of bonuses whenever I worked out with Mitsurugi.

"Alright, let's check it out."

"...That's surprising. I thought you'd say that you don't want to exercise during a vacation."

"If you thought that, why did you even bother asking?"
I was already wearing an active shirt and shorts, so I just went along with him to the gym as is.

We invited the others, but they wanted to check out the spa instead.

As for Kazuto, he wanted to spend time with Iris as much as possible and rejected the invitation.

"Heh… Seems that your little brother is getting along with Iris-chan, huh?"

Mitsurugi said, as he slid our room card into the reader. The mechanism clicked open and he held the door for me.

There were a few other guests in there, but noticeably, there were two attractive, foreign-looking girls working out as well.

They had unusual hair colors, one with maroon and the other with light green hair. Since Aqua had a natural blue hair color, I almost believed that their hair color was natural, as well, but upon closer inspection, it looked like a dye-job. It was probably professionally done, though, since I couldn't tell unless I stared really hard.

While Mitsurugi and I went to do some cardio to warm up first, I saw them glancing at Mitsurugi.

Since I was curious, I used the [Espionage] skill to read their lips.

The app then translated what they were saying in English to me,

"T-That guy is so handsome, Cremea…"

"D-Do you think we should talk to him?"

The ikemen factor was at play again.

No wonder Yunyun learned that [Lady Killer] skill from him.

Still, I understood what the right thing to do as Mitsurugi's friend was.

"Satou, why are you leaving a treadmill between us?"

Mitsurugi said, when he saw me leaving space between him and me.

However, before I could respond, the green-haired girl occupied the treadmill I left open, while the maroon-haired girl went to the other side of Mitsurugi, sandwiching him in.

"H-Hello… How are you…?"

They were trying to speak in Japanese. I guess they really were foreign tourists.

These girls must be quite rich if they could afford to stay in this hotel, I thought.

The girls were surprised when Mitsurugi smiled and responded in perfect English.

"Eh? You can speak English?"

"Yes, I did some studying!"

He pretended like it was his own skill, but all app-users could do this.

Well, not like I'd call him out on it.

They looked even more impressed with him than they were before, when he started speaking fluent English.

I discreetly left my treadmill and went off to do other workouts, letting them chat.

Since I didn't want to spend the whole first night working out, I kept the workout relatively light and simple.

Your Stamina and Willpower increased by +1!

Mitsurugi didn't even notice that I went off on my own, as he was engrossed in the conversation with those girls.

"I-If you'd like, do you want to hangout with us in our room?"

These girls sure were assertive.

Mitsurugi wasn't dense, so he just gave his best charming smile and nodded.

"Sure, I'd love that!"

The girls giggled and they finally got off the treadmill after walking on it for thirty minutes.

He finally remembered I existed and gave me an apologetic look. I just waved him off, letting him have his fun.

I guess that meant that I'd have the room to myself tonight…

Suddenly, I remembered that look Megumin gave me, all while teasing me with that popsicle.

"..."

I decided to give her a text, telling her that I had the room all to myself.

When I got back to my room, I took a shower and drank some more beer once I got out, enjoying the cool, refreshing taste after a hot shower.

Then I heard a knock on my door.

I opened it and saw Megumin, her skin flushed a healthy pink.

She was wearing her pajamas and gave me a smirk as she entered the room.

"How did you get Kyouya-san to leave?"

"...I didn't kick him out, or anything. He went with some girls."

"No wonder you two get along. You're both playboys."

"How am I a playboy?"

She gave me a flat look.

"...Putting all the girls you've been with aside, you just called me up to your room like it's nothing, you know?"

"I guess that is what a playboy would do."

"You finally admit it."

I watched her as she walked into the room, the tension growing even though nothing happened yet.

That seductive look she gave me was still etched into my mind, since it was the first time she looked at me like that.

I always saw Megumin as a cute, pretty girl, sure, but I never really considered her sexy before.

That changed now, though.

"So… If you came here… That means you're ready, right?"

Despite how confidently seductive she was, Megumin was still inexperienced. She blushed and sat on the bed, putting her hands together over her lap.

"Yeah, I think I am."

This was a continuation of that night.

But this time, the mood was perfect.

I sat beside her on the bed and wrapped an arm around her shoulders.

"...I wanted to do it that night, you know? I was really holding back."

"Yeah, I know."

She giggled and shyly turned to me, closing her eyes and tilting her chin up.

I took the clue and leaned in for a kiss.

And that was just the start of our night.

Part 2

It was only our second kiss, so I made sure to go easy on her, even if my lust and desire for Megumin had been building up ever since she seduced me earlier.

"You're so gentle, Kazuma."

She said, after a drawn out kiss that was still made with superficial contact, a light peck that got me excited nonetheless.

"...You really see me as some kind of brute?"

"No. I know that you're actually really nice inside, even if you act all mean. That's why I like you."

I blushed at that, which she ended up giving a chuckle to. I shut her up with another kiss, this time parting my lips to make it more intimate.

Once she opened up her mouth as well, I maintained the deep kiss before letting my tongue tangle with hers. She didn't know what to do, so I dictated the pace. Still, I was surprised when Megumin eventually moved her tongue and even started taking over the motions.

When we parted for breath, I said,

"Oi… It's not a competition. Just let me lead."

I leaned in for another kiss, but she kissed me first.

…This girl is really something.

Rather than allow me to take control, she got all prideful, even though she was far less experienced than me.

When we separated again, she had a disapproving look on her face.

"...You can lead, but I won't make it easy for you."

"Hah?! What does that mean! You sound like I'm forcing you to do this! Why are you resisting?!"

"...Because if I show that I don't have backbone now, Kazuma will think that he's the top dog in the relationship forever!"

"Stop being difficult."

In order to distract her from her overly competitive personality, I started to touch her thighs.

"Mnn!"

Rather than keep complaining about inane matters, she let out a little moan as I caressed her thighs.

"You know, Megumin… You unexpectedly have a lot more 'meat' on you than I assumed."

She was nowhere near someone like Darkness or even Aqua, but she wasn't stick and bones, either.

"...Your touch is so perverted, Kazuma."

She said, while going beet red as I massaged her thighs through her pajamas.

"You are aware of what we're doing, right? How can we proceed without doing perverted things?"

"Well, I guess you're right."

We resumed making out, while I slowly touched more of Megumin's body, getting her acclimated to my touch before moving to the truly erogenous zones.

From the top of her thighs, my hand slid underneath to the posterior, feeling the thick, suppleness of it. I lifted her up a little and said,

"Get on my lap."

Her face was red, but she nodded, listening to my instructions despite how she acted earlier.

Defiant but rational, just what I'd expect from her.

Once she was sitting on my thighs, facing me, my hands went around to her butt, getting a good squeeze.

"Nn…!"

She didn't complain about my perversion this time, as I expertly fondled her cheeks, rubbing along them to feel her thighs as well, making fondling, up and down motions between the edge of both lovely areas.

"You have a great body."

I said, knowing that she was pretty insecure about that sometimes.

She couldn't even meet my eyes, even though she put on an arrogant expression.

"W-Well… Of course I do."

However, that arrogance faded away and she surprised me with a gentle smile.

"...Thanks for being so considerate."

"..."

Even though her statement was way more innocuous than mine, somehow, I was the one who ended up blushing more.

"You really are kind, Kazuma."

"...What kind of teasing is this? Is this a new meta I hadn't discovered?"

She gave me a blank look.

"So kindness is considered teasing now?"

"As expected of the domestic terrorist, Megumin… You even managed to find a way to weaponize kindness."

"Heh… Typical Kazuma, joking around and deflecting when things get serious. Hey, I was willing to let you lead, but you're the one acting like a shy maiden, you know?"

Having someone know you so well is both a blessing and a curse.

I squeezed her ass especially hard as a form of mild retaliation.

After eliciting the kind of moan I wanted to hear from her, I grinned and moved my hands from her ass, up the delicate curve of her spine, before going down her shoulders into her modest chest.

"...You better not be calling it a 'modest chest' in your mind right now, Kazuma."

Is she a mind reader?

"Of course not. I was thinking that it's appropriately sized."

"Wow, I didn't know Sena gave you PR training. Well, I guess it's no surprise someone of your position would need that."

"...You blamed me for deflecting when I'm complimented, but you're a worse offender than me, Megumin."

I squeezed her chest through her top, earning another delicious moan from her.

Then, I started to unbutton her top, until I saw her black bra underneath.

She allowed me to slip the top down from her shoulders, looking at the bra she was wearing.

"...Surprisingly bold choice."

I said, looking at the patterned lingerie with a red bow underneath where the cups were connected.

"It's not fair if I'm the only one exposed, you know?"

She said, blushing as she was clearly fighting not to cover herself.

I was so excited to strip her that I almost forgot that she'd want to see me naked, too.

Admittedly, it was hard not to feel a rush of pride, as I saw Megumin clearly fixated when I took off my shirt and showed off my body.

"...What's the matter? You already saw it at the beach."

"F-For some reason, it looks more impressive now, though."

I chuckled and pointed at the lights in the room.

"Probably the lighting… Also I got a good pump from my workout earlier."

She still kept staring and I chuckled, leaning in to kiss her lips, then her chin, before I went down to her neck.

She naturally slid down to the bed as I hovered over her, delicately leaving flutter kisses all over her smooth skin, my lips trailing down to her collarbone, then to her slight cleavage.

Eventually, I felt her hands on my biceps, but her touch was hesitant.

I rested my chin a little against her chest, looking up at her.

"Come on, I'm practically licking your chest. You can touch me however you want, you know?"

"...I'm not used to this like you! And I don't want to make it seem like I'm only attracted to you because you got muscles recently…"

…Knowing each other too well really was a blessing and a curse.

Along with the kind consideration, there was also a paralyzing fear of not wanting to evoke the other's insecurities. If we weren't honest with each other, we might not ever progress from here.

"...I've come a long way since I told you about my past. All that stuff got resolved now, a big part thanks to you. So… I'm more confident in myself now. I know that you really do like me, Megumin."

Her red eyes sparkled so naturally that I didn't even think of them as magic lenses anymore.

With a soft smile, she cupped my cheek.

"I think I would have fallen for you even when you were a skinny NEET, Kazuma."

My main instinct was to deflect again, but Megumin did a good job making me aware of that habit.

"Thanks… Me too. Any circumstance, any time… I think I would have fallen for you, too."

It's so cheesy… My old self would have never said things like this.

But I felt like I had to say it. And I knew it was true.

Vanir told me, after all. In the infinite expanse of realities out there, the girl I ended up the most with was Megumin.

And think about it. The majority of infinite realities is a hell of a big number.

So the affection we're feeling for each other now is the closest to canon as it gets.

Well, it's a thought, anyway.

I resumed kissing her chest, before I finally worked to remove her bra.

It opened from the front, and I easily snapped it open, revealing her naked breasts to me.

I admired her perky breasts, smiling to let her know I really did like them, before I touched them directly.

"Ah…"

"Just relax."

I brought the pillow behind her head, letting her enjoy these first sensations. I knew how mind-blowing it was to be touched in an erogenous zone for the first time by someone you really desire. It was several multipliers of lust, affection and biological need, working together to make every touch amplify into startling waves of pleasure.

Her heartbeat resounded against my palm as I groped her, and I felt her pink nipples stiffening immediately. My thumbs went over them, making her snatch her head back and moan as I played with the hard buds.

While one hand remained to grope her chest, the other worked on getting the last of her clothing off. She kicked off her pajamas once it reached below her knees, and I admired the matching lingerie panties she wore, before eagerly lowering them as well to reveal her full, naked self.

She was absolutely beautiful, laying there with her flushed face, chest raising and falling along with her racing heartbeat, her breasts perkily raised, a light sheen of wetness in between her legs.

My hand found her pussy, my thumb feeling the wetness of the entrance, spreading the moisture up to her clit.

"Ahhnn! Hnn!"

I knew that she experienced a small orgasm when I touched the most sensitive part of her body, her clit swelling as she briefly trembled.

Not wanting to overwhelm her, I didn't stimulate her nipples as well, just working on getting a finger inside her slit, slowly easing her insides to receive me.

"Kazuma… Mnn…!"

"It's OK. Just enjoy this. I want to give you good memories of your first time."

That was the reason why we delayed this.

I was sure she'd have wanted to take my first, too. She was just competitive like that.

But none of that competitiveness was apparent on her face now, as she was awash in pleasure.

If getting jerked off for the first time felt insanely good to me, I could only wonder how good a girl feels to be fingered for the first time. Going by Megumin's reactions, the experience almost seemed life changing. Even the smallest thrust made her shiver in the telltale signs of a small orgasm.

…It almost made me feel envious of those who could feel multiple orgasms.

Then again, there was also a lot of pleasure in being able to produce such a state in those I loved.

After Megumin shook for a third time, I knew it was time for the final step. Not only for Megumin's sake, but for mine.

I hadn't even taken off my pants yet, and my erection was getting painful.

Megumin watched as I removed my pants, then my boxers, showing her my cock.

I almost felt bad for her, since it probably looked pretty scary, all red, almost purplish, with just how erect and turned on I was.

"T-That's gonna enter me? Is it even gonna fit inside?"

"...Thank you so much, Megumin-san."

She looked at me in confusion, but she just said the line that all guys want to hear from their lovers.

I wasn't even that big, but I was so hard for her at that time that it must have looked like a monster.

Not to mention, she was looking at it from below, so the angle probably helped.

In any case…

"Don't worry, I know it's big, but I'll be gentle."

I milked the moment for all it was worth.

After telling Megumin to relax, I planted my cock in front of her entrance.

It occurred to me to wear a condom, but honestly, after seeing the efficiency of the morning after pill, I didn't know if I could go back to wearing condoms anymore.

Besides, I wanted to feel Megumin's virgin pussy.

I pushed in bit-by-bit, the rock hard flesh already meeting resistance from her cramped insides.

Then, I came across her hymen.

I held her hand and told her to take a deep breath.

I plunged forward.

"Nghk!"

…I felt like a sadistic bastard, but seeing Megumin's face contort in pain for a brief moment, along with seeing her virgin blood run down from the place where we were connected…

…Well, it might have awakened something in me.

I let her take a few seconds to adjust, until she seemed to calm down and met my eyes once more. Taking that as the go ahead, I held one of her hands and held her tiny waist with the other, before I started moving.

She was so tight that her ridges felt like they were trying to imprint themselves on my cock. It felt so good that I probably left a long trail of thick precum as I slid out to her entrance, only for my tip to submerge itself up to the root once more.

"Oh, wow…"

I was supposed to be the most experienced one, but I was honestly losing myself in her pussy. It took all my concentration to not go too hard and pay attention to her reactions.

Megumin looked up at me with a flushed, happy expression, her eyes half-lidded in contentment, with desire flaring within her pupils, a spark of primal lust within all the innocence. Her small chest gave perky, little semi-circle bounces whenever I thrusted inside her, those surprisingly meaty thighs providing a nice reverb, so that I felt the erotically charged impact of our collisions.

I could only feel grateful as Megumin's moans increased, and the frequency of her squirming increased. I knew her orgasm was on its way, a big one this time. I wasn't sure if I could last another minute, so I rode along the wave of her orgasm, as mine soon came along as well.

"Hnnngh…!"

Her back arched and I pressed my cock deep inside her. I groaned from the pressure of my core flexing as it seemingly tried to expel all the cum out of me. Megumin writhed underneath me, moaning with each spasm her body went through, her mouth agape adorably as she experienced her first real sexual orgasm.

There was a suspended moment of hot breaths and feverish gazes, the final twitches of limbs and muscles, as bodily pleasure dwindled into an instance of chemical bliss.

I pulled out, seeing the creampie I gave her, too much for her body to handle as it spilled out between her thighs.

We met each other's eyes and ended up sharing a giggle.

Part 3

I woke up the next morning with a sleeping Megumin right next to me, head laid on my shoulder, my arm around her small body.

…Having your lover's warmth right next to you, feeling their familiar body weight, it was the best thing to wake up to.

Yeah, my old self would really hate my current self. I keep on having to repeat that, since it's true.

I watched her for a bit, enjoying seeing her pretty face up close. It was so easy to just see Megumin as a troublesome explosion-addict, but she really was beautiful.

After watching her for a bit, I got curious.

I pulled one of her eyelids up.

"...Slept with the contacts on again, huh?"

And she said that last time was an accident. Were the contacts a part of her body now, or something?

She stirred awake, pulling her face away from my hand.

"...Why were you pulling my eyelid up like that?!"

She said, rubbing her eye where I touched it.

"You left your contacts on."

"Ah… I guess that's because I immediately slept after…"

She blushed when she remembered what we did last night.

I started clapping for her.

"Congratulations. You have rid yourself of the yoke of your virginity."

"You always manage to say the most despicable things, Kazuma."

While she was sitting up, she noticed that I could see her breasts, and she moved to cover it, but she seemed to realize that there wasn't any use hiding it now, so she just shyly removed her hands.

"There we go. Just get comfortable with the fact your body is mine now."

She glared at me as I pulled her to me for a naked embrace.

"Gross! That kind of over possessiveness is gross!"

She pushed my head away.

"...You know, Megumin, you like to say that I push people away as a defense mechanism, but you do the same thing."

"And? Just because we both have negative traits, it doesn't excuse your display of them."

"Fair point."

She didn't push me away this time and let me hold her. While I was doing so, I noticed that she had a contemplative look on her face.

"What are you thinking about? Trying to replay last night's events in your head? You don't have to imagine it, we can do that kind of stuff whenever you want."

"...With how much you poured into me last night, you have no reason to act this horny. And I was just thinking… I don't really feel any different. Is that weird?"

I stared at her for a moment.

"Are you one of those people who think that things will change once you lose your virginity?"

Like a class change, or gaining a title.

"I-I'm just wondering!"

I rested my chin on her shoulder while I thought of an answer.

"Based on my personal experience, I guess you'll feel more confident? It's like… people make such a big deal out of losing your virginity, so I guess it's a sense of relief that you finally lost it?"

"A sense of relief… I'm not really the type to care about what others think, so maybe that's why I don't feel any different. And I don't lack any confidence, either."

I didn't doubt that at all.

"Well, I guess some people are less of a virgin than others. Megumin was only a virgin in the physical sense, but you're quite experienced at heart, huh?"

"...That sounds like some kind of accusation."

Seeing that she wasn't satisfied with my answer, I stopped joking around and said,

"Fine, I'll give you a serious example. I have a female classmate I get along with these days. I ended up casually offering to clean her room, without even thinking about it. I only made that offer since I'm so used to being around girls, that I didn't even consider that she'd think it was weird. I guess my confidence grew to such an extent that I don't even think twice about that kinda thing now, when my old, virgin self would have made a big deal out of it."

"I see… I think."

"That's what I meant by 'confidence'."

I must have explained myself relatively well, since Megumin slowly nodded and didn't complain.

"Alright, unless you wanna go for round 2, we should get going now."

I said, getting up, even though I wanted to enjoy the morning after pillow talk a bit more.

"What's the hurry? I thought you'd wanna take it easy, since it's our vacation."

I explained the thing about the shrines with her, and how I wanted to make use of this chance.

"If I finish it quickly, I might still have time to do stuff later on in the day."

"I see. Well, good luck, then."

"Eh? You're not coming?"

"Explosion magic doesn't rely on the luck stat, and my luck is pretty decent now, anyway. It's not like I need to raise it."

Unlike me, who had several key skills that relied on luck, she didn't need to focus on raising it.

Megumin wanted to relax in bed a bit more, while I took a shower, put on some comfortable clothes to hike around in, and went downstairs to the hotel restaurant.

There was a free breakfast buffet service, which I wanted to take full advantage of, especially since I was going to be doing a lot of walking and climbing up mountains.

In the restaurant, I saw Mitsurugi, along with the two girls from last night, Fio and Cremea.

The girls were both clinging to his arm, giving him googly eyes. I guess someone got lucky, too.

"...I didn't know you had the [Dual Wielding] skill, Mitsurugi."

Now, normally, Mitsurugi would have a quick response for me like 'You're as crass as ever, Satou'.

But instead, he just gave me a nonchalant smile.

"Ha~ha~ That's funny, bro… You gonna get some grub? This place has some good eats. Enjoy it, my guy… Ha~ha~"

"..."

When did he become so relaxed?

Well, I guess if he had two of those girls at once, it was natural for him to be in such a chill state.

"Ah, Kyouya-kun's friend, do you want to eat with us?"

"We got room for one more!"

I thought that Mitsurugi would be glaring at me, giving me a clue not to ruin his moment, but he just started doing that pretentious laugh again.

"Yeah, Satou, go ahead and grab a seat. It's cool. Ha~ha~"

Who the hell does this guy think he is?

He was acting like some big shot actor hanging out with a bunch of groupies.

Still, there wasn't really any valid excuse for not joining them, so I grabbed a plate from the buffet first before taking a seat.

"So, we're gonna be staying in Japan for another month or so… Can we see you again after this, Kyouya-kun?"

"Yeah… We both really wanna keep seeing you…"

Mitsurugi grinned and pulled them in, hands around their shoulders.

"Of course… Actually, why don't you two get permanent residence here? Heh… Just kidding… Unless?"

"Kyaaa~! Kyouya-kun~!"

"Maybe we should actually stay in Japan forever?!"

"That's what I'm saying, baby. Or should I say, babies?"

They squealed even more at his corny joke.

I didn't care if it was rude. I took my plate and went somewhere else.

Part 4

As for the ones who ended up coming along with me for the shrine visiting marathon, it ended up being Darkness, Kazuto and Iris, with Sena driving us.

"...Maybe if I raise my luck high enough, it might improve my weapon accuracy, too!"

Darkness said, her voice filled with hope.

"Well… Good luck with that. No pun intended."

I looked at Kazuto and Iris, who were happily chatting away.

"That arcade we went to last night sure was fun, huh, Iris?"

"Yeah! It's my first time going to one!"

…Wait. Arcade? Last night?

"Oi, don't tell me you two went out last night!"

Without telling me?!

"What's the matter, onii-sama? We got permission from the adults."

"Yeah. Our parents said we could go, too."

I looked at Sena to confirm their words, and she just nodded.

"They promised to stay near the hotel, so I didn't see any problems with it."

"Who cares what you think! Iris, I'm your guardian, so you need to ask me!"

"...Onii-sama, you're not an adult, though."

Darkness sighed and told me.

"Listen, I know you see yourself as Iris's older brother, but you're only 16. You're only 4 years older than her, so you shouldn't act like she needs your permission to go out with a friend."

"Besides, nii-san, we had a deal."

"Urk…"

Kazuto just had to remind me about our little deal.

I kept my mouth shut throughout the drive as Sena drove us to the first shrine. Meanwhile, Kazuto and Iris kept chatting away.

Since Darkness and I were the only ones who were going to the shrines for the bonuses, when we arrived, Kazuto and Iris went around the shrine to have fun. Meanwhile, Darkness and I checked our phones.

You have arrived at a lucky shrine! Making a prayer will earn you +1 luck! You can also take a challenge to gain +2 luck instead!

As for the challenge…

You must challenge and beat a miko at janken! If you lose, you will not get the bonus!

What kind of challenge is this?

Rather, I felt like it was more of a challenge to get a miko to randomly play janken with a visitor.

"Oh… Those shrine maidens are so pretty!"

Darkness said, taking pictures of a miko who looked like she was college aged.

"We're not here to sightsee. I'm gonna be fine at janken, but how about you?"

"...I can't say I'm confident enough to win the first try."

Not everyone had my insane luck stat, after all.

First, we went to the miko to see if she'd agree to it.

She gave us a strange look when I made my request.

"Hah? Janken? …Why?"

Understandably, she was confused about it.

"Oh, is this one of those TikTok trends?"

"...Sure, I guess."

She conveniently gave an excuse, so I just went along with it.

We had to start filming with our phone, since the premise was that we were filming a video.

I went first, with Darkness filming.

"Janken… pon! Saisho wa guu!"

If I could beat a mind-reading devil in a game of wits, there was no way a random miko could do it.

"Alright, so it's the foreigner jou-chan's turn…"

Before they could start, I said,

"Ah, hold on, can you intentionally lose to her?"

"...What?"

The miko seemed to take offense to that.

"Well, it's just for a video… Do you mind?"

"Of course I mind. I hate it when influencers make fake videos!"

She's one of those purists, huh?

I couldn't say I disagreed, though.

"Look, it's not a big deal. It's not like it's a loss to your pride if you lose a game of janken, right?"

"It is a big deal to me, dumbass! I don't like losing, especially not on purpose! Screw that!"

What kind of miko is this?!

Not only was she rude to visitors, but she had a foul mouth.

"K-Kazuma… Maybe we shouldn't push the issue…"

Darkness tried to take the civil way out, but this miko was starting to piss me off.

In terms of pettiness, there was no one who could out petty me!

"...Alright, name your price."

"Hah? You trying to bribe me, kid?"

I took out cash from my wallet and held it in front of her.

"..."

She paused and stared at it.

"W-Well, I do need the money… And it's just a stupid TikTok video, anyway. It's not like you're asking me to shake my ass for a vid."

…Where did the shrine find this miko?

There was nothing maidenly about her at all!

I gave her 8,000 Yen.

Congratulations! You gained +2 Luck! You also gained +1 Cunning!

We went to look for the others after gaining the luck bonus, and we found Sena first.

…She was drawing for 'romance fortune'. She also had quite an intense look on her face.

"M-Moderate luck, huh…?"

She said, sighing in defeat.

"Don't worry, Sena, Just be glad you didn't come here with Aqua, or your marriage chances might have dipped into the negatives just now."

"...That's why I didn't even greet her this morning."

She really was taking this seriously.

We gathered Iris and Kazuto and went back to the bus.

When I told them that we'd go on our way to the next shrine, Kazuto said,

"Eh? Why are we going to another shrine?"

Was this kid not listening?

He just heard that Iris was coming along and decided to tag along. Was that it?
"...I told you that we're going to visit a bunch of shrines today, right?"

"Hah?! Why?! I figured we were only going to visit one 'coz Darkness nee-san here wanted to go sightseeing!"

This kid sure was fast at assuming things.

"Listen, I know a kid like you won't get it, but sometimes, we need to cleanse ourselves from the negativity we accrue in our daily lives. We do that by going on a spiritual journey like this every so often. You'll get it once you mature…"

He looked at Iris, then puffed his chest out.

"O-Of course, I get it! Let's hurry up and get to that next shrine, then!"

This kid's too easy.

Or more like, kids his age are way too easy to trick when they have a crush on a girl.

I would know.

And so, we went around the rest of the shrines, challenging mikos in janken.

Since the other mikos were reasonable people, unlike that greedy miko, I didn't have to bribe them.

Your luck stat has increased to 101! You were able to surpass the 100 stat points limit thanks to the [Growth] skill! Your current stat point limit without unlocking an advanced class is 110 for each stat!

That skill I got from Mary finally paid off…

Also, one of my stats surpassed the 100 benchmark, huh?

From what Appuri-chan told me, the 100 mark is when app-users become superhuman in that stat. Normally, one can't even surpass 100 in a stat without an advanced class. I suppose I should be grateful to Mary that I can do it even without one.

Part 5

When we got back to the hotel, there were still a few hours before dinner time.

Thanks to Sena making an efficient travel route between the shrines, we could still spend the rest of our last day of vacation relaxing.

Iris and Kazuto went out into the arcade again, but I was already pretty tired from going around a bunch of shrines. I didn't know how they still had the energy to walk around.

"Hah… Kids these days…"

"...You're too young to be saying things like that, son."

My dad said, as my parents and I headed into the spa.

I was with the adults of the group, my dad, mom, Yuiyui-san, Hyoizaburo-san and Sena.

It seemed like they had been spending time in the spa most of the time, since this hotel was famous for its spa's relaxation and even anti-aging properties.

I didn't care about the anti-aging properties, but I did want to relax.

"Hm… This is the first time I've ever gotten a massage."

I said, when I entered the massage room with my dad, where the masseuses lead us in.

"Ah, sometimes I feel like I can't even function without getting one every so often. I spend every day hunched over a screen, after all.

…I never want to become a corporate slave when I grow up.

Although, I did have to admit, the massage felt very good.

Special service unlocked!

This famous spa service gives you a one time boost of +5 Attractiveness!

I got a message like that from Appuri-chan.

Well, I guess the spa's reputation had a lot of truth in it.

With 66 Attractiveness, I wasn't at a supermodel level now, or anything.

But it was a good deal above average.

At this point, I was just happy that I wasn't sub 50 in looks anymore, like what I started out with.

Once I finished the massage, I went into the sauna.

Unlike normal saunas, this was a spacious area that was treated as mix-gendered.

There were staff regulating the temperature to make sure it was comfortable for everyone.

My dad had high blood-pressure, so he avoided the sauna and went into the warm pool instead. I went into the sauna with everyone else.

"Yuiyui-san, you look so youthful! I'm jealous! Can you share your secrets?"

I heard my mom say, as I arrived inside with a towel around my waist.

"Ah, the secret is avoiding processed and oily foods, and eating natural foods instead!"

"Oh, I see!"

…By natural foods, she probably meant whatever they could catch out in the woods that day.

It wasn't as if she was trying to avoid processed foods, it was just that they couldn't afford to buy it back then.

Still, both Yuiyui-san and Hyoizaburo-san did look like they were ten years younger than what they probably were.

While those two were happily chattering away, Sena leaned back against the wall with a sigh.

"...None of my love fortunes went above 'moderate' luck."

"I don't think those really mean anything."

I tried one, but the app system didn't give me any notifications, and Appuri-chan didn't say anything either.

That probably meant that unlike the luck increase, those love fortunes didn't provide anything.

The door opened and more guests came in.

My eyes naturally wandered to them and I saw three girls walking inside.

"Ah, there's a lot of people here already…"

"Oh, t-there's men here…"

"Ack…?!"

A trio of girls with pink hair, blonde hair and black hair…

They were also incredibly attractive, the type who could be idols.

Actually…

They were idols.

I recognized them soon after. They were Axel Hearts.

Which meant that…

Konno-san, now with her class-rep disguise taken off, was staring at me with panicked, wide eyes.

"..."

I casually looked away.

Seriously?

After all I did to preserve her secret, she was just going to walk in here with the rest of the group?!

The best I could do now was pretend like I didn't recognize her at all.

"P-Phew…"

She exhaled out in relief and found a bench to sit down in this spacious sauna.

Don't be so obvious about how relieved you are!

Also, stop looking at me!

"Hah… We can finally relax after that event! Oh? Lia… You're looking at that guy a lot. Is he your type?"

The pink haired girl with pigtails, Erika, said to Konno-san.

"D-Don't say my name…! A-And I wasn't looking!"

It took all I had not to react.

Also, she was just looking because she was scared I'd recognize her.

"...You know what, let's get out of here already… We don't want Cielo-chan to cause any incidents, either…"

"Ehh… We just got here, though. Cielo-chan, you're fine as long as you don't get too close to the men, right?"

"Y-Yeah… I won't start butchering them as long as they don't get close…"

Oh, right… Cielo was known to have androphobia.

Although she could control it to an extent, she was the only one in Axel Hearts who didn't do handshake events.

Otherwise, she'd start punching the fans.

Although, some fans do like that.

"See, Cielo-chan is fine! So, Lia-chan, go on and make your move! I mean, he is pretty cute! And he's so muscular…"

"Geez! An idol shouldn't be saying such things!"

"Hah? It's fine as long as the fans don't hear about it, right?"

Hey? A fan is hearing all this right now, you know?

In fact, an idol otaku would consider this blasphemy…

Not that I'm an idol otaku.

"Ah… I think I'm gonna head out now."

I said to the others, as I sat up.

I started to walk out without looking at the Axel Hearts girls.

I heard Konno-san whispering as I walked by.

"See what you did, Erika…? You scared him away."

"...Oh, come on… If you just started talking to him, he wouldn't have thought it was weird…"

Once I got out of the door, I used [Espionage] to eavesdrop on them, as the door was closing.

I wanted to make sure Konno-san didn't suspect anything, after all.

Even though they were whispering, I heard what they were saying with the skill activated.

"Erika… That guy is my friend! You almost blew my cover!"

"Oh, well, you should have told me about him beforehand! How could I have known?! Besides, what's he doing here in Kyoto, in a hotel like this?!"

"I don't know! Ahh… I don't think he noticed. Thank goodness…"

She must really think I'm dense, huh?!

I was almost tempted to go back there and expose her, but I held myself back.

Part 6

After we had dinner at the restaurant, it was time to head back.

All of us had school and work tomorrow, so we couldn't stay another night.

"Kyouya-kun, be sure to call us, OK?"

"Yeah, we'll come to Tokyo after this!"

"Hehe… I'm looking forward to it, girls."

Mitsurugi was in a good mood as he waved goodbye to Cremea and Fio and entered the bus.

"Oho… So you're someone like me, huh, Mitsurugi-san?"

Kazuto said, still wearing those stupid shades even though it was already nighttime.

"Hm? What do you mean?"

Since Kazuto was talking to him, he sat beside me and faced Kazuto, who was sitting alone for now as he waited for Iris to take her seat. As for why Iris wasn't seated yet, it was because she was trying to store a giant plushie Kazuto won for her in the arcade.

Kazuto grinned and pulled his shades down midway past his nose.

"You know what I mean, playa."

"...No, I don't know what you mean."

I could understand why Mitsurugi was confused, since Kazuto was being cryptic and acting mysterious for no reason.

"Fufu… We're both popular with the ladies… Well, I guess all of us here are, including nii-san."

Mitsurugi was just confused, so I said,

"He's just trying to join the big boys club, Mitsurugi."

Kazuto took offense to that and quickly stood up.

"Hah?! What do you mean by that, nii-san?! Are you trying to insult me?! I'm not some kid!"

"...You stood up to your full height and you still look like a short stack, yet you dare claim that you're not a kid?"

"Why you…!"

He immediately quieted down when Iris finally came over and sat next to him.

"Hm? What were you guys talking about?"

"N-Nothing…"

Kazuto was the type who completely changed around girls.

Sena began to drive and the bus was filled with separate conversations about the trip we had.

It was only two days and one night, but it was still a welcome reprieve from everything we had to deal with.

After all, the future was uncertain, so we should treasure the times we can just have fun and relax.

…

…

The next day, I was refreshed from the trip and went to class in a good mood.

To add to my good mood, I had some fun in the morning with Rin in bed, before we took the dungeon door to school.

I really hope that it becomes a daily routine…

When I arrived in class, Konno-san gave me an intense look.

"Hm? What's up, Konno-san? Is there something on my face?"

I pretended to be a dense MC and felt around my face.

"..."

Crap.

I forgot that Konno-san's intuition was very high.

She was almost like Aqua in that regard, a person with unexpectedly high intuition.

Although, since Konno-san's bond rewards actually raises my intuition, I'd say that hers are higher than Aqua's.

"...Say, Satou-san, what did you do this weekend?"

She really was starting to suspect me.

The best option here is to just tell the truth.

"Actually, I had a chance to go to this hotel in Kyoto with my family."

"Ah, I see. That sounds like fun!"

"How about you, Konno-san?"

"Hm… I didn't do much. Just stayed at home."

…What a good liar.

As expected of someone who led a double life.

Although her home was filled with Axel Hearts memorabilia, so maybe I should take that back.

"By the way, the naginata club tournament is in a couple days. Are you ready for that?"

She asked me, reminding me about that tournament.

To be honest, I wasn't planning on staying in the naginata club after the tournament, but there wasn't a reason for me to leave before then.

Soccer club activities were starting up again, though, but that will happen after the tournament.

Both clubs gave me chances to raise my stats, but I had more of an obligation with the soccer club.

Plus, I wanted to actually win nationals next year.

"Alright, class, settle down."

The homeroom sensei came in.

"Sensei, are our exam results out yet?"

"Hah? We only had one weekend to grade those! Do you think us sensei don't have lives of our own?!"

I suppose I still had to wait some more to see if I completed that quest.

When classes ended, Konno-san and I both went to the naginata club. Darkness was already there, along with the club president.

However, there were other people present, wearing another school's uniform.

"Hmph… So this is the quality of this year's recruits, huh? Your club is in trouble, isn't it, Terada-san?"

I leaned over to Konno-san and whispered.

"Who are these guys? And who's Terada-san?"

"...Are you telling me you didn't know the president's name until now?"

"Oh. So the president has a name, huh?"

"Of course he does!"

Terada-senpai went over to the visitors wearing other school uniforms and said,

"We're just doing this for fun, so no need to try and intimidate us."

"Hah… If you're only doing this for fun, then drop out! It's an eyesore to have you and Konno Lia showing off in tournaments, only for your school to lose in total points because you only have two members!"

I see. So it was this kind of event.

Before every school tournament arc, the rival club always comes to instigate things.

Normally, what would happen is that the protagonist will then have to face someone in the rival club in a practice match.

Of course, the protagonist will lose at first, but the rival club will see the protagonist's potential. The rival will then lose to the protagonist in the tournament and have a change of heart…

And so on.

However, I hate cliches like that, so I stepped forward and pushed one of the male rival club members.

"Hey, what are you…"

He then fell into Darkness's chest.

"Snap!"

I took a picture.

"..."

Silence spread through the room.

I held up the picture for them to see.

"Oh, look. Delinquents from another school not only trespassed into our school, but they even assaulted one of our club members… Not to mention she's a foreign exchange student. Ah, this could end up being an international incident, you know?"

"...?!!"

The rival club members went pale at that.

"...Oi, Kazuma…"

Darkness started to speak, but I interrupted her.

"You punks think you can come here and start cliched encounters like this?! At least be a little original! Get out of here before I report you to the school security!"

"W-We're sorry!"

They hurriedly ran away.

While I was satisfied with my work, the others stared at me in disbelief.

"...What? Those guys would have become annoying later on, so it's better to get rid of them now."

"Kazuma… You're really something else. I like it."

Of course Darkness said something like that.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, kinggamerlite29, NightSight and 255 others
BoringBone
Mar 10, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 43: Blessing This Dungeon With A Brothel!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Mar 17, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,054
A/N: I uploaded a new NSFW story about Kazuma getting the Demon King class on my Patreon! Please check it out if you're interested!


Chapter 43: Blessing This Dungeon With A Brothel!

Part 1

Your Stamina, Dexterity and Strength has increased by +2!

After I got rid of those nuisances, club activities resumed and I got some decent stat raises as a result.

It was thanks to Mitsurugi that I learned how to push past my limits, so I was getting consistent stat raises, whereas I was hitting a wall earlier on.

Rather than head straight home through the dungeon, I decided to head to the station first.

"Welcome to Sunshine Smoothie! Can I offer you our limited time protein shake?"

I wanted to take advantage of this limited time offer, first.

Maybe I should make a dungeon door in the station?

But energy was still limited in my dungeon, so I couldn't just make doors everywhere.

That said, I knew I had to make doors for app-users to enter eventually, in order to honor the deal with Vanir.

Wiz already showed me that no alliance was permanent, and Vanir was way more disloyal than her.

But if I needed to make a dungeon for Vanir to troll app-users with, I also needed to have actual monsters in my dungeon.

There also needed to be a reason for app-users to want to go to my dungeon instead of just going to the original dungeon all the time.

I thought about these things while sipping my smoothie.

Your Stamina went up by +2!

"Hey, you girls are kinda cute. Wanna hang out with this nee-san?"

A shiver went up my spine as I heard a voice I recognized.

Slowly turning around, I saw the Axis-cult fanatic, Cecily.

I grabbed her away from the middle school girls she was hitting on.

"Oi, what's the matter with you?! You wanna end up in jail?!"

"Hm? Why? I didn't do anything wrong?"

The clueless look she put on almost looked convincing.

"...What are you doing out of your hotel room, anyway?"

The government took over in sheltering the other-world refugee, so I wouldn't have to worry about her expenses. Still, having taxpayer money go to housing a lolicon like her kind of left a bad taste in my mouth.

Not that I'd spend my own money on her.

"Hah? Am I a prisoner, or what? It's not like I have to stay there! They let me out, as long as I wear this weird thing around my ankle!"

She pulled her long skirt, revealing an ankle monitor.

"...Oi, you're gonna get in serious trouble if you keep doing what you're doing."

I said, gesturing for her to hide her ankles again, while nervously looking around to see if anyone saw her.

Also, she was indeed being treated like a criminal.

She sighed and placed her hands behind her head.

"Hah… So, you don't want me to play around? What am I supposed to do for fun?"

"The problem is that what you consider fun is wrong on so many levels…"

"Well, if I can't nip the bud of a young, blossoming flower…"

"Never say that again."

"If I can't sleep with a young…"

"Stop saying stuff like that!"

I hurriedly covered her mouth.

After making sure she'd stop saying these creepy things, I pulled my hands away.

"...Oi, at least hook me up with that stud from before."

"Oh… You mean Mitsurugi?"

I hated having to admit that I knew exactly who she was talking about.

I still didn't really get how she could go from trying to seduce young girls to having a normal taste in men.

…Well, I guess that the unlimited moral freedom Aqua provided to her followers meant that they had a variety of tastes.

"Yes, yes, him! If you hook me up with him, I promise I won't pursue those delicious, young flowering buds anymore!"

"...Stop saying all that flowering buds crap, then we can negotiate."

I said, as if I had any right to determine Mitsurugi's love life.

Still, I couldn't just leave this menace to society running around freely.

I took Cecily to the cafe I used to frequent, not only to take her away from the public, but also to take that Charisma bonus.

This place is trending again, so you get +2 Charisma!

After taking a few sips of our coffee, we began our negotiation.

"...You can say that you want a shot at Mitsurugi, but you won't have a chance with him at your current state."

"Eh, what do you mean? I'm already quite beautiful, aren't I?"

She said, while flipping her long, blonde hair to the side.

"Yes, which is quite a shame…"

"It's rather rude of you to say that."

Wasn't I just telling the truth?

Her good looks were wasted on her.

"Anyway, the point is that your current personality is not something Mitsurugi would go for."

Or any guy, really.

"Hmm… I guess I can't expect the men of this world to accept my values from the other world…"

She was acting as if everyone from the other world behaved like her.

If that was the case, then Iris would be as crazy as her.

"Alright, I suppose I can make some changes, if it will improve my chances with that stud, hehe…"

If she was willing to make changes, then I was willing to support her.

I couldn't exactly call her out for wanting to change her personality just to get with some guy.

After all, I also went through a lot of changes since my NEET days.

So I didn't call her dishonest or flimsy.

Besides, I felt it was somewhat my responsibility to have her behave, since I was the one who took her in.

"Oh, by the way, are you paying for this?"

She said, pointing at the coffee.

"Yeah, it's my treat."

"Nice! Oh, if you're paying for me anyway, can we go on a shopping trip?"

"No."

She really tried to take advantage of that, huh?

You have established a bond with Cecily!

Cecily (Cultist Freak), Bond Rank: 1

Through your efforts, Cecily has been convinced to try changing her ways, in an attempt to woo her target, Mitsurugi Kyouya. Whether this determination to change her behavior is permanent or simply a passing whim remains to be seen. Helping her in her goal will deepen your bond with Cecily.

…I ended up developing a bond with Cecily.

Well, I suppose that if I was helping her out, I might as well gain something from it.

Part 2

When I got back home, I went to my dungeon and turned on the golem farm.

Then, there was another task that I had been delaying.

And that was to unlock the last three exclusive skills of the thief class.

I didn't get a chance to do that yet, after I unlocked the thief class while I was a puppet of Serena.

Using the laptop, I had the dungeon produce a treasure chest.

Although since the dungeon lacked the material to do so, it didn't have any treasure inside.

But for the sake of unlocking these skills, I could use a workaround.

I put some Yen inside the treasure box.

Then after locking it, I immediately opened the treasure box with a pick.

You learned the [Lockpick] skill!

It's really that easy.

[Lockpick] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are proficient in picking locks, the success of which is determined by your Dexterity (81).

Then, I commanded a golem to 'hide' the treasure box from me.

Although there weren't really many places to hide it in this small dungeon.

I ended up finding the treasure box under the bed in the break room.

You learned the [Treasure Detection] skill!

[Treasure Detection] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You will be alerted whenever treasure is within a 15-foot radius around you. The success of the detection is determined by your Intuition (83). You can detect treasures of 'Common' rarity.

…This skill would have been a lot more useful earlier on.

But all of my equipment was too high level to care about common rarity treasures.

I could put some skill points to level it up, but there were already so many other skills I wanted to put skill points into.

Granted, I gained 2 skill points with every level up thanks to Iris's bond rewards increasing my potential, but I still couldn't spend skill points carelessly.

The last skill to learn was [Disarm Trap].

I simply made my own wire trap and cut it.

You learned the [Disarm Trap] skill!

[Disarm Trap] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are proficient in disarming traps of a 'common' make. Success of disarming depends on your Dexterity (81).

So now, all of the thief exclusive skills were unlocked.

The next time I level up, if there were no new classes, I would have to switch back to adventurer again.

…Unless I wanted to unlock the other classes like NEET, Pervert and Merchant.

Although Merchant might be good to unlock.

Still, did I really want to dedicate an entire level up class change to the Merchant class, even though I already had so much money…?

"Appuri-chan, what are the Merchant class exclusive skills?"

"The exclusive skills are [Haggling], [Storage Increase], [Rest], [Upgrade] and [Profit Increase]."

[Haggling] allowed one to get a better deal on items when buying or selling. It might be useful against that stingy blacksmith.

[Storage Increase] raises the amount of items one can put in their inventory, which would have been more useful if I didn't already have the storage box. [Profit Increase] simply increases the amount of money one gets from loot or other means of raising money.

The interesting skills were [Upgrade] and [Rest].

[Upgrade] allows one to boost the rarity and power of any item for a limited time.

[Rest] fully restores the user's mana, stamina and hp when they rest out of combat for one hour or more.

While [Rest] was pretty situational, [Upgrade] might be a pretty powerful skill.

I decided to keep that in mind.

"...Alright, I guess I should know what skills the other classes have."

"...Kazuma-san, are you sure you're not just interested in the Pervert class?"

Well, I was a tiny bit curious.

"...The Pervert class gives the [X-Ray] skill, the [Invisibility] skill and the [Seduction] skill. It also gives the [Bedroom Skill], which you already have."

"Wait, don't some of those skills actually seem pretty useful?"

Assuming that [Invisibility] worked the same as Yunyun's [Light of Refraction]... That could be a powerful skill!

Also, the [X-Ray] skill also seemed very useful…

In lots of ways.

"Don't tell me you're actually considering this, Kazuma-san…"

Well, why not?

I didn't care if the class was called 'Pervert'. If it has useful skills, then why not take it?

In fact, I was pretty stupid for not even trying to figure out what skills the class offered. Maybe I wouldn't have taken the Adventurer class at the start and went for Pervert instead.

…It was hard to deny the Adventurer class's versatility, though.

"As for the NEET class, the exclusive skills it has are [Idle Leveling], [Petty Curse], [Leech] and [Miasma]."

I hated to admit it, but the NEET class had some interesting skills, too.

[Idle Leveling] lets one steadily gain EXP as long as they weren't doing anything.

It was the perfect skill for a NEET who doesn't want to go outside.

[Petty Curse] let's one afflict debuffs on the enemy, as long as that enemy is higher levelled than the user.

[Leech] was like [Drain Touch], but it only worked on draining the target's health. It also doesn't require touch and affects targets within a 15-feet radius from the user.

[Miasma] keeps monsters and other people away by producing a bad stench from around the user.

"Hm… If I picked the NEET class, then I probably would have never left my room. I also wouldn't have bothered with the dungeon, since I could have leveled up without even doing anything."

"...What's the point of gaining levels if you're not even going to go outside?"

Even with Appuri-chan's synthetic voice, I could sense her disappointment that I was even considering taking these classes.

The next thing I wanted to do was to work on increasing my Mana Capacity again.

I did some training before in my backyard, but I couldn't really do much out in the open.

Now that I had a dungeon all to myself, I didn't need to worry about being seen or causing collateral damage.

I looked at the golems emerging from the dirt of the dungeon wall.

They were slowly marching over to the pitfall.

"[Fireball]!"

I launched a fireball at the golems before they could reach the pitfall.

I watched as the golems burnt to a crisp and changed back into dirt for the dungeon to reuse.

In this way, I kept destroying the golems with magic.

Then when my mana ran out, I placed my hand on the wall and recharged my supply with [Drain Touch].

Your Mana Capacity and Magic Power has increased by +2!

Furthermore, it seems that all of your creative training methods have been recognized by the system!

Your creativity has been raised by +5!

…It seems the app also recognized my creative genius.

As expected of me.

Part 3

Later on that night, after training in the dungeon, I decided to head over to the Succubus Shop.

It had been a while since I visited, and I wanted to see if there was anything they knew about the Demon King army's movements.

After all, I did get some information from there in the past.

I also wanted to check up on Dust, since I hadn't talked to him since he was mind controlled by Serena.

…That was also when he proceeded to kick my ass.

Not only me, but even Chris.

Taking the both of us on meant that Dust wasn't just some ordinary adventurer from the other world.

There was probably more to him, and I wanted to find out what he was hiding.

While I was at it, I made a dungeon door in the red light district.

…Not because I wanted to frequently visit that area, but because I usually ended up visiting the Succubus Shop, anyway.

So, I might as well set up an easy way to get there.

After stepping out of the dungeon door, I headed over to the succubus shop.

"Ah, Kazuma-san! It's been a while!"

Rorisa smiled as soon as she saw me and flew over with her tiny wings.

How adorable.

"Sup. How's business?"

I didn't expect to see Rorisa's face falling as she gave me a weak smile.

"Actually… Business hasn't been so good."

That was a shocker.

But when I looked around, I saw that there weren't a lot of guys around.

I did end up seeing Dust, though.

Instead of approaching Dust right away, I was curious about why business was going down.

"Why? This place has always been popular…"

"...Well, there seems to be a decrease of app-users lately…"

"Eh? How can that be?"

"We're not sure… But we heard some of them saying that there's something more interesting than the succubus shop going on in the dungeon…"

What were those guys up to now?

"Ah, by the way, Kazuma-san, would you like a session tonight…?"

She said, giving me quite the cute face while saying that.

"Humu. I always like to support local businesses, so of course."

"Yay~! Thank you!"

She seemed very grateful. I guess business was really that bad, huh?

I told Rorisa to get ready in the room, while I went to Dust to ask him how he's been.

When I went over to him, he immediately stood up and threw a dream service form he was writing on.

"Hah?! The price is 2,000 Eris now?! Why is it so high?!"

"Um… The currency is Yen in this land, not Eris…"

"Whatever! You know what I mean! Why is it so high?!"

"W-Well, we don't have as many customers, so as you can imagine, dear customer…"

"In that case, you should keep your loyal customers satisfied, right?!"

"Sir, you say that, but you still have quite a lot on your tab you haven't paid off yet…"

"...T-That doesn't matter! You should treat your regulars right! Ah, Kazuma, buddy, you're a sight for sore eyes!"

I almost regretted seeking him out now.

That look on his face… I could practically see money signs in his eyes.

The succubus he was yelling at gave a sigh of relief as she picked up the form Dust threw away.

As for Dust, he wrapped an arm around my shoulders.

"So, Kazuma… Wait, are you mad about what happened last time? Listen, I couldn't help it, yeah? That Serena bitch took control over me…"

He seemed so insincere, even though he was telling the truth.

But I did have my suspicions about that.

"...You told me last time that she showed you her panties, but was that really all it took for her to control you?"

"Hm… Yeah, that's right. What can I say, she was really hot."

This guy was definitely hiding something.

To probe more, I went on to say,

"I have to say, you had some good moves, though. You're quite the powerful warrior, huh?"

His eyebrow twitched, even as he kept smiling.

"Ah, I just got lucky! You almost took me down, along with that friend of yours!"

"...No, it wasn't even close, right?"

"You're too modest!"

"And you're a bad liar!"

He glanced around, then gestured for me to follow him into a corner of the shop.

We hid behind one of the dividers, then he said,

"So… What? You just want to know why I'm strong?"

"Well, there's that, but I don't really know about your life before you came here."

"Eh… Why does it matter?"

"It might help to know if you're in some kind of trouble, right?"

I mean, if he was being this secretive, I imagined that was the case.

He looked at me for a second, then sighed,

"Well, I won't get into specifics, but let's just say that Dust isn't my real name…"

"I see… So you're on the run from debt collectors in the other world, too, huh?"

Not just the yakuza from this world.

"...Well, there's that, too. Hah, whatever. Well, does that answer your question, or not?"

"Not really."

"What more do you want to know?!"

"How are you so strong? From what I remember, you only have the Warrior class, right? It's not like that's an advanced class."

That's what I gathered when he briefly showed me that strange Adventurer Card from the other world, which he apparently got from a guild.

"...That's rich coming from you."

He said, making me realize the irony of my statement.

"Fine, I'll say one more thing. My original class is stronger than the Warrior class, alright? But I took on the Warrior class as part of my cover. If people knew my original class, they'd know who I was right away."

"...Is it really that important for you to keep a secret identity even in this world? It's not like anyone knows you."

"I'm not gonna risk it, especially since there's random portals opening everywhere."

I couldn't really deny that, considering how he, Iris and the succubi ended up here.

Not to mention that weirdo Cecily.

In fact, it was only people this time, but what if some super dangerous monster or whatever else transferred here from the other world?

"Alright, now that I told you all this info, how about you pay for my service tonight, eh?"

Of course he would ask that.

I still paid for him, though.

Your bond with Dust has deepened!

Dust (Blond Delinquent), Bond Rank: 6

At Rank 6, Dust has given you some clues about his past. He will not reveal this information, but it seems there is an individual the system recognizes that fits with Dust's data. His skill with the spear and his appearance matches the description of a popular figure from the other world, the one known as the…

"Oi… What's that you got there."

"...Eh?"

Dust snatched the phone from me as I was reading his data.

"Ah, I knew it. These things give out a lot of inconvenient information, huh?"

…I guess he's been around app-users enough to know how the bond system worked.

Since it even exposed the fact that Lia is an idol to me, it was about to expose Dust's secret identity, too.

"Listen, I…"

He tossed the phone back to me.

Then, a chill went down my spine as I saw a serious look in his eyes.

"Stop snooping around, Kazuma."

"...Got it."

He left, but when I checked the phone again…

Your Bond Rank with Dust has decreased to Rank 4!

Dust (Blond Delinquent), Bond Rank: 4 (Decreased)

After almost having his secret exposed, Dust has warned you to stay away from his business. Your bond decreased as a result. Earning his trust again will repair your bond, but he seems like the type to keep others away to protect his secret. Pushing too far will destroy your bond altogether, so please practice extreme caution.

It happened.

Although I only received warnings before, my bond rank with someone actually decreased.

Dust had a lot of secrets.

He lied about the reason how Serena managed to control him.

And he was also lying about his identity, even his name.

Should I keep pursuing the matter, or should I drop it for the sake of maintaining our friendship?

I thought about this as I watched him go to a succubus, telling her that I'd pay for his bill.

Well, that part of him doesn't seem fabricated, at least.

Part 4

"Ah, there you are, Kazuma-san! So, what kind of dream would you like to have today?"

Rorisa greeted me in the room with a sweet smile.

I looked at the form that was waiting for me at the table.

"Hm… Before that, did you hear anything about the Demon King army or the other world lately, Rorisa?"

"Ah… Not really… In fact, there haven't been any sightings of people from our world recently…"

After Iris came to this world, it seems that the succubi have been on the lookout for more extra-dimensional refugees.

That wasn't a lot of information, but it was still useful.

"Alright, as for the dream service, I want to make a somewhat weird request like last time…"

I was referring to when I used the dream service as a way to train against Sylvia.

"Oh, something kinky this time, then?"

She misunderstood me right away.

"No, actually… I want to make use of your memories again from the other world. Maybe there might be something you might have heard…"

The average person retains a lot of information on a daily basis.

Even if they can't recall all that information, it might be somewhere in Rorisa's subconscious.

Something about what Dust's other identity might be.

I filled up the form with the request I had in mind.

Then, I laid down on the bed.

Soon, I fell asleep and let Rorisa perform the dream service.

This time, I felt myself floating around.

Then, I found myself in a place similar to the Succubus Shop.

But instead of male Japanese app-users, I saw some rough-looking men all around me.

Based on their looks, they looked like that of European descent.

Although they were wearing things like steel armor and some were even wearing wizard hats and robes.

I floated to one of the men, then I heard myself speaking in a feminine voice.

"Are you ready to submit your form, sir?"

I was speaking in Rorisa's voice.

This was because I was replaying one of her memories.

The fact that the dream manipulation abilities of the succubi could even transfer the memories of the user to the target made it a versatile ability…

As Rorisa, I took the form from the customer.

Meanwhile, I felt like that customer was staring at Rorisa's chest…

"Oi, stop looking at me, bastard."

"...?!"

Since this was still a dream, I could do whatever I wanted.

Scared by the sudden transition of Rorisa's gentle demeanor to my crude behavior, the customer hurriedly went away.

I flew down to the chair and looked at the form.

I didn't know why the dream led me to this scenario, but there must be information on this form.

Request: I want to play the role of the rumored Dragon Knight

Roleplay Scenario:

There was once a Dragon Knight from a foreign country. He was an exemplary knight who was blessed with the ability to tame dragons. However, everything changed once he met a willful princess who encouraged him to follow his own desires more.

One day, the Dragon Knight took this princess out of the castle to show her the outside world. When his actions were discovered, he was punished for his insubordination and was exiled from his country.

Since then, there are reports that the Dragon Knight might have moved to the Kingdom of Belzerg…

Character Description:

The Dragon Knight has been rumored to have blond hair and blue eyes, although he might have changed his appearance to avoid being found. It is said that he is skilled with the spear. Rumors also say that the individual has a mole under his eye.

Roleplay script:

The Dragon Knight is found again by the princess. When they reunite, the princess decides to reward him by…

I put the form down.

…That guy looked like a scary, muscular warrior, but he wrote a dream request like this?

Not only that, but it was so detailed. There was even a whole script and everything.

Also, this description of the Dragon Knight…

Didn't Rin recommend me a book with the same plot before?!

"Great! Then I recommend this one! It's called 'The Banished Dragon Knight'! It's another fairy tale-esque story written by a contemporary writer."

"You seem to like those stories a lot."

"Yeah, I do!"

After a quick recollection, I did recall a conversation like that with Rin.

Was that just a coincidence, or were stories from the other world somehow making its way to our world?

She also said it was written by a contemporary writer, so this story might have been written fairly recently.

As for why the dream manipulation ability showed me this memory…

It was probably because the description on the form fit Dust.

Although he didn't have blue eyes, the script did say that the Dragon Knight could be wearing a disguise.

After all, Megumin was using a magic item that changed her eye color.

With the information I received, I gave a signal for the dream to end prematurely.

I found myself back on the bed, with Rorisa watching over me.

"Oh, my! I don't even remember that happening, but did you get the information you wanted, Kazuma-san?"

"That's right. And I'll give you a tip for letting me view your memories again."

I said, taking out and handing her 10,000 Yen.

"...! Thank you so much! You're a lifesaver, Kazuma-san!"

With how tearful she got, I became worried about the state of this Succubus Shop.

I didn't really need its actual services much anymore, considering all the girls around me.

But Rorisa and the other succubi were kind enough, and I did see Rorisa as a friend.

"I'll go see why the app-users aren't coming here as much."

"That would really help… Unfortunately, the app-users we asked were very secretive and didn't tell us much about it."

Those guys sure were ungrateful to the succubi, even though they were treated very well.

"U-Um, Kazuma-san…"

Rorisa then started fidgeting, looking reluctant to ask me something.

"Hm? What is it? No need to be shy."

She blushed and pushed her index fingers together.

"T-The truth is that since there has been a lack of customers… Um… We haven't been able to receive a lot of vitality and lust lately… I-I've been quite hungry!"

Ah… Even if I gave them money, there was still the need for them to feed on the vitality and lust of men.

Although it was awkward to say, Rorisa here was probably hoping to feed from some of my lust with the dream service, but since I went ahead and asked for that dream, she wasn't able to do that.

"Well, I suppose I can just ask for a lewd dream…"

"R-Rather than that… Um, I feel close enough with Kazuma-san that I'm willing to… D-Do it directly…"

By that, did she mean…?

As if to confirm it, she leaned over, torso slightly bent to show me her cleavage through that revealing corset dress of hers.

"Um… I thought the succubi didn't perform those services because they were worried about diseases and other complications…"

"W-Well, I don't think Kazuma-san has those diseases… And I can assure you that I don't, either!"

I suppose I could always just ask Aqua to heal me if there were problems.

And isn't it important to conduct these kinds of experiments, anyway?

After all, if we want coexistence between our worlds, we should answer questions related to things like interbreeding…

I-It wasn't like I was really curious about what it would be like to do lewd stuff with a succubus, or anything!

Rather, was Rorisa releasing some kind of pheromone now, because I couldn't help but look at her lustfully!

"Let's do it."

At the end of the day, I had my creed, my promise to adhere to.

Satou Kazuma will never turn down a beautiful girl.

Never!

"T-Thank you so much!"

"I should be the one saying that."

I said, while placing my hands on Rorisa's shoulders.

"Then… Please lay back and let me take care of you, since I'm the one who brought this up…"

Since she seemed nervous, I would have been fine with taking the lead.

Then again, this was a succubus.

Asking to take the lead with a succubus in bed was like trying to teach Ohtani Shohei how to play baseball…

It was simply too arrogant.

So, I did as she asked and laid down, making myself comfortable.

Since there was that mysterious effect, my son was already very hard without her even touching me yet.

There was also the anticipation of getting to do this with Rorisa…

Especially since I didn't think the opportunity would ever come.

I watched as she started pulling down my pants.

My son happily jumped out to greet her.

But Rorisa seemed even happier to see it.

"Ah… So manly… I can feel the lust energies flowing through me! Yummy…"

She licked her lips while delicately touching my shaft.

"Mnn… Y-You're good at this…"

I said, as I watched her rubbing my cock lovingly.

"Eh? Really? It's my first time doing this, though?"

It didn't seem like it.

Or was she just naturally good at this as a succubus?

I groaned when she finally started licking me.

Her natural skill, provided with that unknown quality that was driving my arousal through the roof…

Precum was already leaking down even just from a few licks.

She looked up at me with innocent eyes unbefitting that of a succubus.

That gap made her look so adorable…

"That's it… I want more of Kazuma-san's essence…"

"...!"

I couldn't help it and impatiently started pushing her head down, urging her to start sucking me for real.

"Hehe… Don't worry, I'll get to it…"

I gasped and squirmed as I felt her lips wrapping around me.

At this point, I had gotten my fair share of blowjobs.

The skill varied from one girl to another, but…

None of it compared to what I was feeling now.

Her mouth felt amazing around me, and she was sucking me so precisely and intently, with no wasted movements.

I couldn't help but hold her head, my fingers sinking into her fluffy hair.

Meanwhile, she just kept going deeper while using her lips to massage my shaft, her cheeks sucking in all while she licked me at the same time.

Is she really a beginner…?!

I thought she was already done surprising me, but…

"Arggh…?!"

I made an embarrassing sound as she kept going deeper.

Until I felt the back of her throat.

"O-Oi…"

I warned her, but she just looked at me and winked.

…I guess succubus like her don't have gag reflexes.

I stared at her in wonder as she held me, her mouth all the way down to the root of my cock.

Then, she started sucking me, the inside of her cheeks caving around my cock.

"Ahhhh! Hnnnnnghh!"

She even gently squeezed my balls.

I felt like I was being milked.

Gasping, I fell back into the pillow, my eyes actually rolling back.

I felt her drawing out, my sensitive shaft feeling her lips as she pulled away.

By the time I opened my eyes, I saw her kissing my tip, cutting off the string of cum that got on her bottom lip.

She chuckled and winked at me again.

"Did you like that?"

"Of course I did."

It was so good, I could see myself getting addicted to it.

…Putting that dungeon door near the succubus shop was an excellent idea.

Your bond with Rorisa has deepened!

Rorisa (Rookie Succubus), Bond Rank: 5

At Rank 5, Rorisa is grateful to you that you are helping the succubus shop in their time of need. The intimacy between you two has also deepened as a result of her feeding on your lust energies. She enjoyed her first intimate moment and seems to be looking forward to more in the future.

Bond Reward: [Bedroom Skill] Rank-Up!

[Bedroom Skill], Rank: 2, Passive Skill

You are proficient in pleasing your partner in bed. Success is determined by 'Charisma' (83). You can handle more than one partner without expending as much energy and effort.

Part 5

Dust was already gone by the time I left the succubus shop.

I wanted to talk to him, but I decided to leave it for next time.

It didn't seem like he was in the mood to talk now, after all.

Instead, I decided to pay a visit to the original dungeon.

It had been a while since I visited, and I wanted to check up on my garden, as well as Mary.

Not to mention that I wanted to check out what it was the male app-users were so fascinated about in the dungeon, that the succubus shop was losing business as a result.

First, I visited my garden on the first floor.

"Oh, they've grown nicely."

I said, looking at the plants that grew since my absence.

I began harvesting ingredients, then I made a mortar and pestle from dirt using [Smithing].

It was time to use my [Medicine] skill.

You have created 'Medinial Paste'!

Medicinal Paste (Basic)

Staunches minor wounds and restores +5 health.

Quantity: 20/20

Sells for: 1,000 Yen

It was a rather minor effect since it was basic medicine.

Still, there was a lot of yield from just a few plants.

Aside from personal use, this could be mass produced and given to soldiers.

I placed the medicinal paste in my storage box, since my inventory was already full.

Next, it was time to check up on Mary.

When I took the teleportation circle to the fourth floor, I went over to Mary's spot.

"...Oh, it's you, Kazuma-san. You haven't been coming here for a while, so I thought you died, just like my hubby."

"You don't seem that upset even though you thought I died."

"Why should I be upset?"

I was reminded that this was a monster I was talking to.

One who was born to prey on humans.

Rather than take offense at her lack of empathy, I said,

"So, what did I miss? Did anything interesting happen while I was away?"

"Actually, there is. Ah, but rather than tell you, it would be easier to show you."

She uprooted herself from the wall then pointed to the pot we used whenever we needed to transfer her.

Once she placed herself in the large pot, I carried Mary as she gave me directions.

"There it is."

She said, pointing to an unusual sight.

There was a large line of app-users, male app-users, to be precise.

Since we were technically still on the lower floors, it was unusual to see this many app-users here.

Yet, there were ten male app-users lined up in the narrow corridor.

As there were many high-level app-users around, the monsters stayed clear from this area.

…I hope this wasn't the start of yet another monster migration.

I also noticed that the place where the app-users were lining up was somewhere I went to before.

The only difference was that I previously blockaded the entrance to that area.

It was the female orc area, where I rescued that one idiot who was dropping items around.

"..."

I was getting a really bad feeling about this.

Placing Mary down, I went over to the line of male app-users.

I actually recognized this guy, since I saw him in the succubus shop before.

"...Um, what's this line for?"

He grinned, then said,

"Heh… It's for the female orc brothel."

"..."

I stared at him in disbelief and disgust.

"Oi, I know that the succubus shop doesn't offer 'full' intimate services, but why would you guys resort to this?!"

Even if they were hopeless virgins, just getting to look at skimpily-dressed succubi was enough stimulation.

No matter how desperate they were, why would they do it with a female orc?!

"...Why are you looking at me like I'm trash? There's more to it!"

He said, noticing that I was giving him a judgmental look.

"No, it's fine. I get it. Enjoy your female orcs."

"Oi, get back here and let me explain!"

He pulled me back, desperate to explain things before I went away.

I decided to give him a chance to explain himself.

"...Do you know of the spell [Change Shape]?"

When I shook my head, he said,

"It's a spell that lets the caster change into any form they want, as long as it is within their level. So you can't just change into a dragon, or anything."

"I see… So it's essentially a shapeshifting spell."

He nodded, then said,

"Yeah… And here's the thing. In the higher level floors, there are all sorts of spell tomes available as loot. If one dedicates themselves, they can acquire a lot of duplicates of a particular spell tome…"

I was starting to piece it together.

"Alright, next batch, please come in!"

A feminine voice called out.

Rather than the ugly female orcs I was used to seeing, I was incredibly surprised to see a famous supermodel step out of the female orcs' lair.

A blonde foreigner with tanned skin, wearing nothing but lingerie.

"...Eh? Don't tell me that's a…!"

The app-user I was talking to hurriedly covered my mouth.

"Oi! Don't break people's immersion!"

…I guess it was forbidden to point out the obvious.

Even though this guy called it a 'female orc brothel' earlier.

Wanting to see just what was going on, I followed the line of app-users as they were let inside.

I had to admit, it was quite a sight.

There were attractive women all around, most of them instantly recognizable as their appearances were based on celebrities.

From idols to foreign actresses, the female orcs had transformed themselves into forms that no man would be able to resist.

I even spotted recreations of the succubi from the shop.

As I was looking around, a fellow I had met before came up to me.

…It was that troublesome guy I rescued from these same female orcs.

He smiled and said,

"Ah, if it isn't my savior! Did you come to check out my brothel?"

I stared at him for a while, then I said,

"Have you lost your mind?"

"Eh? What do you mean by that?"

"...You were captured by these female orcs and were almost made to do unspeakable things with them, so why are you doing this?"

He chuckled then gestured for me to follow him.

"Please, come to my office."

…This guy made an office in the female orc's lair?

He really must have lost his mind.

Still, I wanted an explanation, so I followed him to his office.

"By the way, my name is Kikuchi."

He said, introducing himself.

"I'm Satou. Alright, Kikuchi. Start explaining yourself. Did you actually lose your mind?! You were pretty repulsed the last time you were captured, so what gives?!"

I said, remembering that we were even concerned about how much the intelligent monsters were learning about humans.

Yet, here he was, teaching them more about humans than they would have otherwise learned.

"...I thought a lot about it afterwards. When I heard the voices of the orcs and mistook them for humans, I didn't have any problems with them. In fact, I got turned on, thinking that a bunch of female app-users wanted me to rescue them."

This guy was talking about how he got baited last time by the female orcs, who learned enough about Japan from their victims and used that in their tactics.

"So, I concluded that the only reason I was repulsed was not by the female orcs' behavior, it was only from their appearance!"

"...And that's why you gathered all those spell tomes?"

"Fufu… It was worth using up every last spell tome I could find in the higher floors."

"..."

This guy really used such a valuable resource for this?!

"Hm? What's the matter? I explained my reason to you, but you don't look like you agree, Satou-kun?"

Why would I?

"Hah… Don't you understand that you're just making the female orcs more resourceful? They might be obeying you now, but what happens when they turn on us, and they have the [Change Shape] spell now, and all this knowledge on humans!"

"I don't see why they'd rebel? They get what they want, which is the genes of male humans. That's all they really want. So, it's better to come to a compromise, isn't it?"

…I suppose there was some truth to that.

The only problem I had left was a personal one, that this new brothel was taking business away from the succubus shop.

But even that was understandable, since the female orc brothel not only provided the same customizable fantasy of dream manipulation, but there was also real sex involved.

I looked out into the brothel and saw an app-user showing a female orc a picture on his phone. The female orc chanted a few words, then immediately changed shape into a Hollywood actress. She then accepted his money and took him to a private room.

"If you still have doubts, Satou-kun, why don't you give it a try, hm?

"...No way."

No matter how hot the female orc appeared now, I couldn't forget the image of a slobbering female orc in heat.

"Why did you even open this brothel? If you just wanted to get freaky with some female orcs, you could have just kept this to yourself."

"And deprive my brothers of this wonderful experience? Besides, it's a very profitable business, keke…"

He said, making the 'okane' sign with his hand.

"You really don't want to try? Since you saved me, you don't have to pay at all! You get a lifetime free pass! All you can eat pork! Buhiiii!"

I almost felt sick just thinking about it.

With nothing else to say, I left the female orc brothel.

Part 6

I went back to pick up where I left Mary.

"Hm? What's with that traumatized look in your eyes, Kazuma-san?"

She said, while looking at my face.

"...The world sure has gone crazy, huh?"

"You sound like a boomer."

Her 'beloved' really did teach her a lot.

But I refused to believe that I was the one out of touch. Those guys were just crazy.

My next task was to check out the fifth floor's boss area.

I also wanted to gain some EXP to level up.

And there was an experiment I wanted to try.

Before that, I easily cleared away the monsters on the fifth floor.

I had gotten more powerful than last time, so even when a pack of heavily armored skeleton knights came at me…

"[Freeze Gust]! [Rapid Shot]!"

I froze the skeleton's feet in place, then easily dispatched them by rapidly firing ice arrows.

My accuracy with the bow was so high now, that there were times when I didn't even need to use [Snipe] to increase the accuracy of my attacks.

Once I sensed an enemy with [Enemy Detection], and they were around the corner, I didn't even need to turn the corner to swiftly dispatch them.

"[Snipe], [Trick Shot]!"

I made an ice arrow bend the corner with a trick shot, then increased its accuracy with a snipe.

And when there was a whole group of enemies around the corner…

"[Control Spell]! [Fireball]!"

I made the fireball curve around the wall to decimate the group of enemies.

In this way, I didn't even have to see my enemies most of the time.

And if they somehow survived the sneak attack, I could keep them away with the spear of thunder, which knocked them back or outright killed them.

"Hm… Maybe I'm too overleveled for this floor."

I said, while looking at the trail of monsters I left behind. Their loot wasn't even good enough for me to look at.

"You think? By the way, you levelled up, Kazuma-san! Oh, and you also unlocked a new class!"

After controlling golems for an extended period of time, you unlocked the [Creator] class!

I must have reached the requirements for this class from making the golem farm.

"What are the exclusive skills for the class?"

"The exclusive skills are [Create Golem], [Summon Familiar], [Golem Manipulation], [Golem Scrying] and [Golem Transmutation]."

…I was considering taking the other classes I had, but this Creator class seemed pretty powerful.

Also, I felt like Appuri-chan would go back to disrespecting me if I chose something like the Pervert class.

"I'll switch to the Creator class."

"...You actually considered the Pervert class prior to this, didn't you?"

I didn't respond to that.

As for the two skill points I had from leveling up, I put it all on [Smithing], since I invested skill points into it last time.

[Smithing] Skill Rank: 4, Passive Skill

You are proficient in creating and repairing items! The success rate of this skill is determined by your 'Creativity' (81). At Rank 4, you can create, combine and repair items of the 'Very Rare' variety. Combining compatible items of the 'Very Rare' variety might yield an item of 'Legendary' variety, although the chances of success are quite low (8%). If you fail to create an item in this way, you will lose 50 mana points, even if this skill requires none.

…I could now create items on the same level as that blacksmith.

Also, how would this translate to real world technology?

If I could make something like a computer or construct an attack helicopter with the lower rank abilities of this skill…

Maybe I could make that nuclear project in my dungeon without even relying on the government?

Well, I still need to acquire the materials, though.

With that settled, I moved forward to the fifth floor boss room.

When I reached a door at the end of a tunnel and opened it…

"Gahhh!"

I immediately closed the door.

The reason being, I was immediately assaulted by cold winds as soon as I opened the door.

Looking through the notes Mitsurugi gave me, this boss floor was a winter biome.

Although that seemed like a heavy understatement.

I opened the door again and looked inside the boss floor. All I could see was ice and snow, and I didn't even know how I could walk through all that snow without sinking into it.

"...I guess I will need to do some preparation for this."

In Mitsurugi's notes, it seems that the condition for this floor was to kill things called a Gray Wolf and a One-Shot Bear.

Although he said that there was an additional side-quest that I should avoid at all costs…

Optional: Summon and defeat the Winter Shogun! Quest Reward: Winter Shogun Boss Chest

…There was no way in hell I was going to fight something called a 'Winter Shogun'.

Besides, no one figured out how to summon this thing, anyway.

I closed the door, choosing to come back and conquer this floor with the others.

Even if I was more powerful now, I wasn't going to make the mistake of thinking I could handle this on my own.

The Winter Shogun aside, monsters with names like 'One-shot Bear' seemed terrifying as hell.

I made sure to leave a teleportation mark by the fifth floor boss door.

By the way, my current teleportation marks were in my personal dungeon, my new one by the boss door, and I left one mark open just in case.

For any other means of fast travel, I made use of the dungeon doors.

All that was left was my experiment.

"Alright, Mary, I'm going to try to teleport you into another dungeon."

I said to Mary, who I was still carrying in her pot.

"Hm? What do you mean by that?"

She said, looking up at me with confusion.

"Just hold my hand. If it works, great. If it doesn't, then I'll just put you back on your wall."

She nodded and held my hand.

At first, I felt like I couldn't teleport, like something was blocking my way.

But then, my phone rang.

Do you accept Mary the Tranquility Girl as your familiar?

…This must be the effect of the Creator class.

I pressed Yes.

A few seconds later, the teleportation worked.

We moved from the original dungeon to my personal dungeon.

And Mary came with me.

"...?! What is this place?!"

Mary said, looking around.

It seems that I can't teleport any random monster out of the dungeon, but since I made Mary my 'familiar', I was permitted to do so.

"This will be your second home. Don't worry, I'll bring you back to the other dungeon, too, but I'll also bring you here when I need you."

She looked around and saw the bed in the recreation room.

"I see… So that's what you need me for, huh?"

She got the wrong idea.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, kinggamerlite29, NightSight and 235 others
BoringBone
Mar 17, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 44: A Tournament For This Clumsy Crusader!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Mar 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,076
Chapter 44: A Tournament For This Clumsy Crusader!

Part 1

Regardless of whether the midterms were completely graded or not, it was still the end of the month.

That meant that the studying stat increases were due.

Your Intelligence and Willpower increased by +10!

Since I studied a lot for midterms, the bonuses this time were pretty substantial.

"Oh? You're in a good mood."

Konno-san said, when she saw me in the classroom.

She took her seat and I turned, placing my elbow on the back of my chair as I faced her.

"I am enjoying the highs of self-improvement."

"...Don't say such weird things to me so early in the morning. Oh, by the way, don't forget, we have the naginata tournament after school. We'll need to take the bus to where they're holding the tournament, so make sure you have some bus fare."

I suppose since I was supposed to be a normal highschool student, not having enough money on my bus card was a legitimate concern.

Even though I had an obscene amount of money in my app right now.

"Ah… I think I should have enough."

"...You don't seem concerned at all about this tournament… Well, I suppose you are just a casual member. But Dustiness-san seems to take it seriously…"

Which was sad, because Darkness was probably going to lose in the first round.

"Right now, you're thinking that Dustiness-san's chances are low, huh?"

She really did have a high intuition.

"...I'm a realist, at the end of the day."

"Aren't you two friends? You shouldn't be so negative!"

"It's because we're friends that I can say all that. I mean, as a friend, you wouldn't want me to lie to you, right?"

As soon as I said it, I felt bad, since I wasn't telling her that I knew her secret.

But that was different from lying, right?

It's just an omission of truth!

Besides, she was the one lying for not telling me her secret!

…The things we say to ourselves to avoid any feelings of guilt are quite spectacular.

"Well… I guess that's true, but it's also true that white lies are acceptable if it means the friendship will stay intact…"

Konno-san was also trying to excuse her lies with such statements.

Not like I could call her out on it.

"By the way, Konno-san… What's your room status right now?"

In order to change the subject, I asked this question.

In response, she froze in place.

"...W-Why do you ask that?"

"..."

It probably looked like the impact site of a bomb right now.

"Hah… Should I come over again?"

"Please do so."

She didn't even hesitate with inviting me again this time.

I suppose once she discovered the pleasures of a clean living space, she couldn't go back to her cluttered ways.

The only problem was that she didn't have the means to clean after herself.

Of course, as a NEET, I knew this phenomenon well.

You see what you want to see and you don't see what you don't want to see.

Even a mountain of garbage becomes invisible to those with selective vision.

The coping mechanism of the chronically disorganized is a marvel of the human psyche, I tell you.

…

…

During lunchtime, I went to the cafeteria to eat with Darkness and Rin as usual, but I didn't see them there.

I then got a text from Rin.

"It seems that Darkness-senpai wanted to train in her club room, so I'm helping her."

I guess Darkness had pre-game jitters.

I moved to the club room, where I saw Darkness in her gear, while Rin was wearing her gym uniform.

Looking at Rin in her gym uniform reminded me of her casual suggestion to wear my soccer uniform one day.

That was before we were really dating, and I wasn't sure if she even remembered it, but…

I wanted to see it!

"Hahhh!"

"...Um, Darkness-senpai… The target is right here."

Rin said, when Darkness completely missed.

I went over to them and chopped Darkness on the head.

"Oi… I know you're not that bad anymore. You usually miss by only an inch or two."

"...So she still misses normally?"

Rin said, trying her best not to look at Darkness judgmentally.

"Kuuu… Having you two look at me like I'm a waste of human potential… This is kind of nice… Hehe…"

"I wasn't looking at you like that!"

"I was."

Even if Rin tried to console her, I simply said what was on my mind.

…Ah, Megumin will probably have some reproachful words because I'm being mean for no reason again.

Well, this isn't even a defense mechanism on my part.

Darkness just sucks.

"Hah… At this point, I'm not sure I will even pass the first round of the tournament…"

So she was aware of it.

"Don't worry. I'm sure you will get some stat increases even if you don't advance far."

"...Are stats the only thing Kazuma cares about?"

I couldn't exactly say that, since I was frustrated when I lost the final game of the nationals.

"Think about it this way. Darkness, it's only your first tournament, so isn't it arrogant to think that you'll do well?"

The only reason why I did well in soccer was because I abused my skills over and over. I was sure Darkness wasn't that type of person, so she wanted to do this the right away.

Realistically, even if Darkness was talented, there was no way that a complete newbie would beat those who had been involved in the naginata martial art for years.

Upon hearing that, Darkness slowly nodded.

"I guess… That's true."

"So if you want to take this seriously, then you should just view this tournament as a learning experience. After all, you're still just a beginner and you have lots of time ahead of you."

"But Kazuma… I'm a third year, and soon I won't be able to participate in club activities because of exams."

"..."

For some reason, I was viewing this from the point of view of a fresh prospect.

But Darkness was already nearing the age of expiration.

"We'll take lots of pictures, and this will be a good memory to end your Japanese highschool career…"

"It's really over for me, huh?!"

"Senpai, don't be so mean to her!"

Again, I was just telling the truth.

Part 2

When all the club members met up in the courtyard, Darkness was the last to arrive and she was shaking and trembling all the while. Rin walked right beside her, looking worried.

"Are you sure you don't need me to come with you, Darkness-senpai?"
"...The less people I know who are gonna be there, the better."

"I should come with you, after all."

Rin saw that Darkness needed all the support she could get.

"Oh, by the way, Darkness, I asked Sena to contact your father. He will be here to watch your first tournament."

"Ehhh?!"

She gave me a horrified look.

"Of course, I'm joking… Gahhh!"

This brute actually hit me!

"Now, now, Darkness-senpai, even if he deserved it, you shouldn't just punch people."

I clutched my arm as Darkness went to join the others.

"Now, now, Lalatina-san, you don't need to be so nervous."

Terada-senpai, the naginata club captain, said as he placed a hand on Darkness's shoulder.

"Eh? Who's Lalatina?"

For some reason, Darkness started panicking and placed a hand over Terada-senpai's mouth.

"Shhh! I told you not to tell Kazuma of all people my first name! You're not allowed to call me that anymore!"

…Wait, Darkness's name is Lalatina?

"Pffft!"

"...?!! See, he's making fun of me already!"

"Ah, my bad, Lalatina-san… Well, most of the third years knows your full name already, so what's the point in hiding it?"

"There's a chance the younger students would never find out!"

Considering how popular she was, I doubted it.

She avoided making eye contact with me and Rin.

"Why are you so embarrassed? It's such a cute name, Lalatina-senpai!"

Rin said, trying to cheer her up, although it just made Darkness flinch.

"...Lalatina… Pffft!"

"Staaahppp iiiiit!"

Even though she normally liked being humiliated, she was legitimately embarrassed this time, covering her face and going down to her knees.

Meanwhile, Konno-san looked thoughtful.

"Hmm… Dustiness-senpai is from England, right? I don't think I've heard a name like 'Lalatina' from that country…"

"...It's not a common name. In fact, I'm pretty sure my father invented it."

"Oh? I'm curious, so please tell me how he came up with it."

I knew Konno-san had good intentions, since she was just a person who valued knowledge.

But Darkness was having a near meltdown at all this attention on her name.

I guess she really was insecure about it.

"There's no way I'm telling you!"

I grinned at her and said,

"I'm calling you 'Lalatina-chan' from now on if you don't tell us."

"..."

She knew me well enough to know I was dead serious.

"...My father went to America before I was born, to Los Angeles. He thought that there were a lot of 'beautiful Latinas' there a-and he wanted his daughter to be as beautiful as them, s-so…"

She was in near tears, unable to finish her sentence.

"Wait… So your name stands for Los Angeles Latina?"

It was even weirder than I thought.

"Gahhhhh! Stop iiiiit! It hurts, so stop iiiit!"

"...So if he went to Sweden and saw a bunch of sweet Swedish girls, he would have named you Sweswedish?"

"I'll kill you!!!"

"Gacckk!"

Darkness started strangling me in a fit of rage.

"Ah… My life is over."

"Well, I promised I won't call you Lalatina, so don't worry, I won't ever call you Lalatina ever again, since you don't want me to call you Lalatina."

"Just stop saying it already!"

Once I was done teasing her, we walked to the train station to head to the school, where the tournament was being held.

We were all carrying our equipment in duffel bags, even though I just wanted to put it in my inventory. I couldn't do that with the others being suspicious of me, though.

Rin came along as emotional support for Darkness, although I also wanted her to come along so I could show off in front of her.

When we arrived at the school, we happened to see those people who tried to intimidate Terada-senpai last time.

"Eeek?!"

They ran away from us.

"...Look what you did, Satou-san…"

Konno-san said, sighing as we watched them leave.

"Don't blame me. They were the ones who tried to scare us."

"...Well, you're right about that."

All the participating schools were gathered in the gym. This was more of an exhibition tournament, but there was still a competitive mood in the air. I saw other schools carefully watching us.

Although, some of them were looking at Darkness for a different reason.

"Whoa… So tall… She's a foreigner, right?"

"She's hot… Do you think I should talk to her?"

"Heh… I'm gonna try my best today, maybe she'll be impressed?"

The guys were checking her out, meanwhile, there were girls who were looking at her nervously.

"Uwa… She looks tough. I hope I don't face her in the first round…"

"She's twice my size… I don't think I'd win against her."

"Ugh… And here I thought I could pass the first round."

They were heavily overestimating her.

After I went to get my equipment on in the designated male changing area, I went back to the gym and waited for Darkness and Konno-san to come back.

I had to admit that Darkness cut quite the imposing figure as she walked in with her gear.

A lot of the girls who might face her looked at her nervously.

"U-Uwaa… She really has an aura about her…"

"She's surely the favorite to win this, right?"

"...I heard a loud thumping sound when she walked by. That's so scary…!"

Darkness was quickly becoming like King from One Punch Man.

When all of the participants were ready, a quick opening speech was made by the organizers of the event.

And then, a white board was pulled in, showing the matches.

"Arrgh! I'm matched against The Blonde Flash!"

Why does she already have a nickname?

The Blonde Flash, aka, Darkness, were one of the first who were up for a match.

She stepped forward to face her opponent, a girl with long, black hair tied into a ponytail.

They bowed to each other, and then bowed to the referee and the scorekeeper, who carried two flags, red for darkness and white for her opponent.

The scorekeeper pointed with his flags, and the competitors took their positions.

Then with the drop of the flags, the match started.

Darkness and her opponent closed the distance, feet sliding across the floor at a measured pace.

From all the equipment Darkness was wearing, especially through the helmet, it was impossible to see how nervous she was, even though I knew she was probably on the verge of tears by now.

But here's something about Darkness that I didn't really consider before.

"Head!"

Her opponent screamed out in determination and aimed a quick horizontal slice at Darkness's head.

However, Darkness easily moved out of the way.

…Dexterity aside, all of Darkness's other stats were easily superhuman.

Maybe 'The Blonde Flash' wasn't as ill-suited of a nickname as I thought.

After all, Darkness's speed far surpassed her opponent's.

There was also something to consider.

"Haaah…!"

After missing a few times, Darkness's opponent obviously looked shaken up.

Even though Darkness had yet to launch an attack, her opponent already looked mentally defeated.

Everyone in this tournament, even those who were very good, was still an average highschooler, at the end of the day.

Meanwhile, Darkness was a Crusader who had faced monsters, demons and world ending threats.

This was the same girl who was fully willing to tank the explosion spell of a dark goddess of destruction.

Meanwhile, her opponent was some random girl whose main worries in life were winning a highschool naginata tournament.

The difference in mental strength cannot even be compared.

…And Darkness has been practicing.

A lot.

"Haaah!"

With a move I had seen her practice over and over…

She caught her opponent with a forward thrust to the chest.

"Urgkkk!"

Her opponent fell to her knees, clutching her chest.

She took off her helmet, having trouble breathing. Her teammates came to help her.

"...Eh?"

Darkness said, looking confused as the referee called the match in her favor, because of the opponent's inability to keep going.

"Winner, Dustiness-senshu!"

Darkness quickly bowed to her injured opponent, then to the refs, then stepped away.

"Eh…? I actually won?"

She said, looking stunned.

"...Most of your physical stats are already at 100 by now, right? I guess when you're up against normal people, this is the result."

"B-But how come I can never hit Konno-san and Terada-senpai in practice!"

"Well, those two are considered very good, right? And you're not even going to face Konno-san or Terada-senpai today, since you're not in the same division."

Konno-san was in the second year division, and Terada-senpai was in the male division.

So unless there was someone as good as them in the tournament, then Darkness should be able to go far, or even win her division.

I guess I didn't really think about that and thought she'd lose right away.

She blushed, then pointed accusingly at me.

"If you knew that, why didn't you tell me?! I was so worried!"

"And he said I knew all that before? I also thought you'd lose in the first round."

"Why you…!"

"Even if I knew this, it means a lot more to your self-esteem if you see your improvement for yourself, instead of having me tell you beforehand, right?"

She blinked, then looked away.

"...I guess you're right."

I smiled and patted her head.

"I'm proud of you, Lalatina."

She looked conflicted between wanting to yell at me and smile with pride.

"...Why can't you just be nice without being an asshole at the same time?"

"Now you know that's impossible."

"...Yeah, you're right."
She quickly agreed with me on that.

Part 3

It was my turn to go next.

After bowing to my opponent and the officials, I readied my naginata.

I didn't intend to embarrass my opponent, who wasn't an app-user.

Especially since most of my [Spear] upgrades came from bond rank rewards with Dust, rather than actual training.

So, I decided to end the match as quickly as I can, while leaving my opponent's dignity intact.

As soon as the flag dropped, my opponent went on the assault.

I suppose his strategy was to catch me off guard with a quick strike.

I felt bad, since his form was actually very good, but thanks to my high stats and skills, it looked like he was moving in slow motion.

I batted the thrust aside and countered with a slicing strike to his helmet.

"Head!"

We waited for the official's instructions to separate. This time, when he had space, he didn't make another quick move.

Like Darkness's opponent, I could tell that he was already demoralized just from losing one point.

I didn't prolong the match and went on the offensive this time.

He tried to defend as much as possible, but I soon got points off his body and head with quick attacks.

"...Satou-senshuu has won the match! Bow!"

I bowed to my opponent, trying to convey with my body language that I respected him, even if he lost in such a decisive fashion.

When I got back, Rin congratulated me and handed me some Pocari Sweat.

"Good job, senpai! You were cool out there!"

Rin came to see my soccer matches, too, but she couldn't interact with me in the middle of the match. Having her supporting me now made me feel a pleasant giddiness.

After I thanked her and drank the sports drink, I watched Konno-san and Terada-senpai's matches next.

"Hah!"

Konno-san let out a graceful cry as she swept aside an overhead slash from her opponent, which she followed up with a strike to the chest.

…So efficient.

I really wondered what it would have been like if she had potential to be an app-user.

Meanwhile, Terada-senpai was also showing great skill.

"Hooooh!"

He loudly yelled, drawing everyone's attention as he caused his opponent to stagger back from a mighty sweep to the body.

He was good, but… he was pretty loud.

Thankfully, the other competitors seemed to be used to it and didn't complain. He probably did that in every tournament.

They easily won their matches.

"Hey… Isn't that school dominating the tournament right now?!"

"Yeah… Before it was just Konno and Terada, but now they have those super rookies!"

"That school has become really dangerous in such a short time!"

I ignored the generic sports anime commentary and focused on Darkness's match next.

Darkness wasn't as nervous as the last match, but she was still cautious.

Even if she was leagues beyond the others when it came to raw physical ability, there was still her clumsiness in effect. Because of that, she didn't let her first round victory get to her head.

When the match started against her second round opponent, Darkness kept a defensive stance, while her opponent did the same. Her opponent was also cautious of Darkness's strength after seeing what happened in the first round.

By the way, that girl only got the breath knocked out of her, but she wasn't showing any major injuries. Although, just in case, I was planning to secretly use [Heal] on her later. Taking a full hit from Darkness was no joke, after all.

Thankfully, Darkness learned her lesson and reigned her strength back in the second match, as both sides finally decided to move.

After Darkness dodged the first strike, her opponent was close enough that Darkness only needed to move her naginata to the opponent's side to get a point.

But just simply 'moving' her naginata already amounted to an ordinary person attacking with something close to full-strength.

Darkness looked surprised, as she scored a point in this manner.

She was slowly starting to learn that controlling her strength would drastically increase her accuracy.

Also, it was much easier to land strikes if she let her opponent come to her, rather than charging recklessly at the opponent.

For the second exchange, Darkness did the same thing, although instead of dodging, she blocked the attack and let her naginata fall in a lever motion, using the opponent's naginata as leverage.

She scored a point by tapping the opponent's shoulder.

Still, that small tap already caused the opponent to rub their shoulder in pain.

Eventually, with these small, glancing blows, Darkness was able to easily win the second round.

"...I don't get it. Why am I winning all of a sudden?"

Darkness said, when she came back to my side.

"Honestly, I didn't expect you to improve this much, either."

Maybe because she was dealing with those she knew couldn't take a hit, that Darkness was now consciously lowering her strength.

It might have actually been detrimental for her to face talented people like Konno-san and Terada-san, and even myself.

And even in the dungeon, Darkness was facing dangerous monsters. Even if she was a masochist, I didn't think she had a death wish. It was hard for her to regulate her power and focus on training her control in those circumstances.

But now, Darkness was facing people who were below her abilities. Even if she was clumsy, these were still amateurs, at the end of the day. Even skillswise, she probably had the edge over them, since she had skills from the app.

"Anyhow, don't forget about all of this and you should be able to hit more than before."

"Kazuma is encouraging me so much…"

She blushed, making me a bit embarrassed as well.

"Hah?! Why are you acting like this is a big deal?! As long as you don't act like some masochistic abomination, I'll treat you like a normal girl! Not so hard to understand, right?!"

"...Megumin's right. You lash out whenever you feel emotionally vulnerable."

"Urk…"

I knew for a fact that they often had 'girls nights', which Mitsurugi and I weren't allowed to join in. Even Sena participated in them sometimes.

So that was what they ended up talking about, huh?

Part 4

My next opponent was tougher than the first as he was more skillful, but I still managed to beat him pretty easily without letting him score on me.

I'd say that if stats could be measured on regular people, then most of the people in this tournament ranged from 60-70 in their best physical stat. 70 was already very good for a highschool student. Meanwhile, most of my physical stats were in the 80s.

It was a bit of a desolate view to equate a person's ability only through stats, but it wasn't as if I didn't work hard for my current talents. Appuri-chan did state before that, in terms of stats, the app system only recorded one's progress. Bond rewards aside, I didn't just randomly get stronger because I was an app-user.

In this manner, our club coasted through the entire tournament, although there was still the matter of Darkness's final match.

After overwhelming her last opponents with raw physical advantages, I figured that the last match wouldn't be much different.

However, although Darkness did indeed have a strong mental fortitude, I suppose that the very idea of this being a finals match made her nervous, since her opponent managed to score on her after using an admittedly tricky feint.

"Humu… Lalatina-san has performed above expectations so far. She should be proud that she made it to the finals."

Terada-senpai said, once her opponent landed another hit after confusing Darkness with a stutter step into a curving slice to the head.

"...As our president, you should remain more hopeful of her chances until the end."

Konno-san said, giving a light warning to Terada-senpai, who rubbed the back of his head sheepishly.

Looking at Darkness, who was a point away from losing, I took a deep breath.

Trying not to look at all of the people watching, I placed my hands on both sides of my mouth and yelled,

"You can do it, Lalatinaaaa!"

I blushed as everyone turned their eyes on me.

Thankfully, the others in the club joined in.

"Go for it, Lalatina-san!"

"Keep fighting, Lalatina-senpai!"

"...Don't give up, Dustiness-senpai."

Konno-san was as calm as ever.

But the point is, everyone in the club was cheering now.

So I didn't have to feel embarrassed anymore.

"...Hey, that guy who cheered for her first… He must have a crush on his senpai, huh?"

Although I heard whispers like that from random people behind me.

I guess it really does seem like that, huh?

Well… What if it's true?

Seeing Darkness right now, her mood lifted by our cheers, fighting back and scoring a point with a chest strike…

I really did admire her.

I only viewed her as extra baggage at the start, but Darkness always came through in our battles.

Without her, Beldia would have probably killed me easily in our battle.

Even during battles in the dungeon, Darkness protected us from an evolved kobold, goblins and even giant desert worms.

And aside from her courageous side, she had her cute moments, too.

Seeing her dote on that Giant Toad she tamed, getting embarrassed with its initial Bei-chan nickname and settling on the official name of Pocky-chan.

Acting like a pervert in one moment, then blushing in embarrassment when it goes too far.

"You can do it, Lalatina….!!!"

I cheered with all my might, not caring what others taught, or how I might look to others.

As if propelled by my cheer, Darkness swept away a thrust from the opponent, then countered with a beautiful upwards slash to the head.

"Dustiness-senshu has won the match!"

…

…

It wasn't an official tournament, so there wasn't an awards ceremony, but the winners of each bracket were still lined up and given an ovation.

Aside from the first year brackets, our school essentially dominated every single bracket.

After changing, Terada-senpai was talking about going to a family restaurant to celebrate, but I was in a good mood, so I offered to go to a rather pricey sushi place, with my treat, of course.

"Eh? Satou-kun, is your family rich, or something?"

Terada-senpai said, when I confirmed that I wasn't joking.

My family was more middle-class, than anything.

I was rich, though.

"Now, now, let's just enjoy this… Oh, it's an omakase type of service, huh?"

"...He avoided the question."

Thankfully, he didn't pursue the matter.

Maybe because he wanted to enjoy free sushi.

While everyone was eating the chef's beautiful arrangement of sushi with expensive cuts, I checked my phone to see what the reward was for winning the tournament.

You gain +5 to all your physical stats!

…Was it just me, or did it feel like I was gaining more stats than I did when I played soccer?

Well, maybe because I didn't abuse active skills this time.

Yeah, that probably made all the difference.

Aside from all the increases to my stats, the one I was most excited about was finally reaching the 70s range in Attractiveness…

I sure have come a long way, huh?

To test it out, I posed a little and looked at Konno-san.

"...?"

She raised a brow questioningly, then went back to eating.

…I guess an idol was used to seeing all kinds of handsome guys in the industry, huh?

That humbled me real quick.

After we finished our meal, we went back to the train station, since it was already getting dark out.

"Uwaa… That was so good! Thanks for the meal, senpai!"

Rin said, while cutely rubbing her tummy.

"Yeah, thanks, Satou-san. That was a good meal."

Konno-san said that, but she looked right at home in a restaurant like that.

Well, she was an idol, after all.

…Truth be told, that kind of luxurious meal was available anytime we wanted in the mansion.

We were well taken care of by the government, after all.

So the only one who was truly impressed by the meal was Terada-senpai.

"Sniff… I've never tasted such good food! You're a good kouhai, Satou-kun!"

He was in near tears as if he experienced a life changing moment.

"Well, it was my last meal together with this club, so I wanted to make it a special one…"

"Eh?! What do you mean by that?!"

I suppose now was the time to break the news.

"Listen… I was just a casual participant from the start. I'm originally from the soccer club, and practice is about to start again."

"...How can you only consider yourself a participant after winning your bracket?! At least come when you have free time! It's too sad if you say you're leaving forever!"

"Are you really fine with me coming only when there's tournaments and stuff?"

"Of course! This club is all about just having fun, after all! We don't care about club culture, or honor, or that kind of stuff!"

I feel like he should care a little.

Then again, Terada-senpai was always relaxed like that.

He was probably irresponsible as far as club presidents go, but I prefer that kind of senpai over a strict one.

For that reason, I promised to come when I had free time.

Besides, I looked at Darkness, who was talking to Konno-san about her tournament.

I wanted to see how far Darkness could go with this.

…Although it was her final year.

Part 5

When we parted ways, I took Rin and Darkness to a secluded spot, then we teleported home.

"...It kind of makes me feel guilty that the other senpai have to walk all the way home, when we can just teleport."

Rin said, being considerate as always.

"Well, they're athletes, so just think of it as them getting as much exercise as possible."

"But we're app-users who are meant to combat the Demon King, but we're always using senpai's dungeon doors and teleportation magic…"

I was running out of excuses, so I just stopped talking.

Rin went to take a bath, and I was going to check something out with my dungeon.

That was, until, I felt Darkness pulling my sleeve lightly.

When I turned around, I saw her blushing as she looked down.

"...Um, t-thanks for cheering me on…"

Ah, I didn't think she'd address that.

I blushed as well as I averted my eyes.

"W-Well, it would have been embarrassing if you lost after all that… Ah, sorry, I didn't mean to say that… I just wanted to support you…"

I caught myself trying to lash out instead of just giving a sincere compliment again.

That's a really hard habit to get rid of…

"That's really sweet… Although it would have been better if you didn't announce my first name in front of everyone there."

The moment was disturbed after she remembered that minor detail.

"In any case, I really am proud of you. Do you want a reward, or something?"

After I said that, I remembered the last time I gave her a 'reward'.

I didn't really mean it in that way, but Darkness was already fidgeting around.

"W-Well, as long as you're offering…"

I guess she wanted that kind of reward, huh?

Not like I'd correct my mistake at this moment.

Instead, I just took her hand and silently took her to my room.

"It's been a while since the last 'reward', huh? I was surprised you didn't ask for more."

I said, as I led Darkness to my bed. She sat down and I sat right next to her.

"...I-It was too awkward to ask for that…"

I stared at her incredulously.

"Hah? You normally act so perverted, so what was stopping you? You even asked me if it was fine to do more last time, and I said yes."

"I'm not a pervert all the time! How many times do I have to say that?! And like I said, I was too shy!"

I chuckled a little and wrapped an arm around her waist.

"...Sorry, I should have been more attentive, I guess."

She blushed, but she ended up leaning closer.

"...No, it was my fault for being too shy to ask for more."

Seriously, who is this girl?

…Well, I guess I always knew she was like this.

The fact that she had so many sides to her, aside from being just as masochist, was why I liked spending time with her. I never really knew which side I was going to get.

Right now, she was cutely blushing while leaning close to me.

I cupped her face with one hand, staring into her blue eyes, before kissing her.

She immediately accepted the kiss, surprising me by just how receptive she was to it.

I would normally have teased her by now, but this was her reward. Instead, I just deepened the kiss and guided her down to the bed.

"Hold on… Are you normally this fast with the others?"

Darkness gasped, as I started kissing her neck, while I groped her chest through her school uniform.

I guess she must have heard from Rin and Megumin that I was pretty gentle.

I wasn't as gentle with Aqua, but even with her, I took my time.

"...Well, you're older than me, not to mention you're stronger than me, so asking me to go gentle is…"

"I'm still a girl, you know?!"

"Is that so?"

I kissed her again. Despite her complaints, I could tell her switch was turned on.

"I liked that titjob you gave me last time."

"Geez… Can't you be a bit more romantic right now?"

"My bad."

I kissed her neck, earning a nice little moan from her.

Still, even if she asked me to be more romantic and gentle, Darkness was too sexy to completely hold back.

To be honest, I was dying to put it inside her already.

But I respected her wishes and focused on some foreplay first, even as my erection was trying to burst out of its confines.

After several minutes of kissing, I tried touching her chest through her blouse again, and this time, she didn't complain.

Once I got the non-verbal go ahead, I started unbuttoning her blouse.

It was erotic as hell, seeing this blonde foreigner getting stripped out of a high school uniform.

It almost seemed like she was wearing cosplay whenever I saw her at school, to be honest. Not to mention she was already built like an adult woman, not a highschooler.

"...I bet lots of guys at school have jerked off to you."

"W-What are you saying?! H-How despicable! At the same time, I also arrived at that conclusion, hehe…"

She couldn't hide that perverted side of her anymore.

After I slid her blouse off, I worked on her bra, popping her big tits out. I stared at them, still amazed by how big yet perky they were. Not to mention that her tie was still loosely tied around her neck, wedged between her cleavage.

As I started massaging those tits, I said,

"...It's honestly a big ego boost to me, conquering a girl like you, who lots of guys could only dream of being with. You're like a trophy for me."

"I-I thought I told you to be a bit more romantic! Huff… Huff…"

She really wasn't convincing with how turned on she got by my words.

"Well, I do love you."

"...?!!"

I surprised her with the sudden declaration.

I wasn't just saying it just because she asked me to be more romantic, either.

All those sides of her, I wanted them to belong to me and only me.

After all this, I didn't want her to go home to England and meet some handsome guy while she attends some prestigious university, then end up with him. I knew it was greedy as hell, since I already had so many girls around me, but…

Still, I wanted her.

This little pervert, this reliable Crusader.

I really do love her.

She must have sensed my sincerity, since she actually got teary-eyed.

"...Geez… I didn't expect that at all. Kazuma, you're really good at playing with my feelings."

"Yeah, my bad."

"You can't just keep saying 'my bad'."

She kissed me this time, which I lovingly returned.

It was a long kiss packed with unspoken meaning.

I didn't even feel any arousal in that moment, only a simmering flux of emotion carried out through my body by the beats of my heart.

Elusive packets of emotion went through me. I felt proud of her for winning the tournament. I felt relieved that I was finally able to say all these things that had stayed encrypted in my heart. It was all an unexplainable approximation of rapture.

"...I love you."

This time, the tears were going down her face.

"Geez… I love you, too."

We chuckled, then laughed, feeling kind of stupid for some reason.

Part 6

While I was taking off my clothes, Darkness was fidgeting on the bed.

"If you really feel that nervous, we don't have to go all the way."

I forced myself to say that, since I was dying to do it with her.

"No, it's not that… I'm torn about whether I do want this to be romantic, or if I want Kazuma to mess me up…"

Just when I thought that Darkness was becoming a normal girl.

Well, the fact that she was conflicted about this already shows tremendous adjustment, I suppose.

"...How about we do it normally the first time, then the next time, I'll properly treat you like the worthless sow you are…"

"Kuh! A-Alright, I suppose that's a good compromise."

With that settled, I started taking off my pants. Darkness took that as her cue to shyly take off her skirt.

"Um… Is Kazuma one of those types who would prefer me to leave the socks on?"

What a strange question to ask.

"...Just take it all off."

"What a beast!"

I felt like she set me up just to say that.

Did she really want a romantic first time?

Once we were both naked, I returned to the bed with her. She laid down, but she started blushing profusely as I went over her.

"A-Ah, doing this face-to-face might be too much for me right now!"

Not even Rin was acting like this much of a maiden during her first time.

Was that perverted side of Darkness just a front?

"Hm… Then you can just turn around and bend over on the bed."

"Doing it doggystyle for my first time… Kazuma, you're a brute."

"I said that for your benefit!"

Despite all that extra backtalk, Darkness ended up getting up and bending over the bed, giving me quite the view of her big ass.

"Damn… You really have a perfect body."

Even if she didn't verbally respond, I could see her ears turning red as she buried her face on my pillow.

I went behind her, as she bent over the side of my bed. I grabbed handfuls of her ass, enjoying the heavy weight and firm shapeliness.

Next, I slipped a hand down between her legs, feeling that she was already quite wet. Still, I inserted a finger inside, earning an embarrassed squeak from her.

"...You're pretty cute, huh, Lalatina?"

"I-I told you not to… Hnnn!"

Her words died in her mouth as I hooked down and found her g-spot after feeling around a bit.

With my upgraded [Bedroom Skill], I found her weak spots pretty easily.

"How did you… Mnnn!"

I knew I could essentially just make her cum at command now, but I decided to take it easy on her and removed my finger.

"...You fine doing it without a condom?"

I said, positioning my cock as I waited for her answer.

"Y-Yeah, that's fine…"

With her permission, I started to enter her.

I thought it would hurt her more once I found her hymen and pierced through it.

But even though I saw blood coming out, she didn't really react that much.

I guess her pain tolerance must have been pretty high with that durable body of hers.

…Maybe that explained her personality.

Seeing this, I buried my cock deeper inside her, not having to worry about treating her like some delicate creature.

"Ah… Wow…"

I didn't expect her to be as tight as she was, but with how fit and strong her core was, I suppose I should have expected it.

Her pussy coiled around me, especially as her muscles squeezed reflexively at my entrance. I felt her shuddering as she let out a long breath into my pillow.

"You OK?"

I said, gritting my teeth as I resisted from enjoying her body right then and there, just to make sure she was really alright.

"Yeah… I just didn't think it'd feel this good… Nnn…"

"I only just stuck it in, you know?"

"I-It's more than that! It's filling me up and… You know, the emotional meaning of it all, and…"

In order to quiet her down, I started moving, her words becoming moans instead.

"Ahh… Mnn…!"

This pervert was finally experiencing her first sexual encounter. It must have been quite the moment for her.

I made sure to fulfill all those fantasies of hers by giving her the most amount of pleasure possible.

My fingers sank into her ass cheeks as I started thrusting at a moderate speed, smacking against her thick thighs and ass.

It surprised me just how quick she was to get into this, curving her back as she raised her ass, head down into the pillow, moaning as I thrusted into her. It was like her body was built for sex.

With how receptive she was, I didn't have to hold back, speeding up as I gave her a proper dicking.

I could rarely just enjoy myself when it was a girl's first time, since I had to worry about not being too rough. But with how durable Darkness's body was, that wasn't a concern.

Still, I know she asked for a normal, romantic experience for the first time, so I still didn't go completely wild.

I leaned down and kissed the back of her neck, reaching over to gently play with those dangling tits of hers as I passionately made love to her.

"Kazuma… Sorry, I'm already gonna…"

I didn't know what she was apologizing for. I wanted to see her cum for me.

It didn't take long to find her g-spot again and I focused on rubbing against it with my tip, using my glans to massage that spot that I knew would drive her crazy.

She curved her back even more and let out a gasp, before letting out a whimpering moan.

"Mnnnnnghh!"

I thought she would need a lot more time to recover, but she regained her breath in only a few seconds.

"...Your stamina really is something else. Are you fine to keep going?"

I still hadn't cum yet, and I was still rock hard inside her.

"Yeah… I'm fine."

I nodded, then squeezed her ass again before continuing to move.

Without needing to worry about lasting long anymore, I stopped holding back and let the arousal take over. My eyes wandered her perfectly sculpted back, her feminine muscles providing beautiful definition that made her curves all the more enticing. She had an artful, but powerful grace about her body.

I sped up even more, not worried about breaking her as I rammed myself deep inside her over and over.

The repeated strokes inside her tight pussy walls, feeling her folds with each powerful thrust, soon gave me the familiar warning pulse of climax.

"You want my cum inside you?"

I said, finally feeling myself about to lose it.

"Yeah… I want your cum, Kazuma…!"

"Hnnnnghh!"

I gave her what she wanted, a thick creampie.

Slipping out of her, I watched my seed slowly falling out of her pussy.

"...Was that good?"

I knew she enjoyed it, but I was worried if maybe I didn't give her the romantic experience she wanted.

"...It was better than I imagined."

"And I'm sure you imagined this a lot, huh?"

"W-Why you!"

Going from her reaction, I assumed I was right.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, kinggamerlite29, NightSight and 231 others
BoringBone
Mar 24, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 45: A New Start For This Soccer Team!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Mar 30, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,090
A/N: Megumin animation update! I did the lineart and flat coloring for it! Check it out here!


Chapter 45: A New Start For This Soccer Team!

Part 1

"H-Hey don't stare too much."

Darkness said, when I laid beside her on the bed and watched her. She wrapped my blanket around her body, although the contours of her fine curves were still emphasized by the blanket.

"...Why are you acting so shy for?"

This was the same girl who was talking about being violated by goblins before.

After looking at her shyly hiding her face in my pillow. I chuckled and felt the sudden urge to kiss the side of her head.

"You wanna take a bath?"

I said, pointing to my bathroom, as we were still sweaty not only from the tournament, but what we just did.

"W-Well… Are we done here…?"

She said, squirming around in the sheets.

I should have known that she'd have quite the sexual appetite.

Not to mention that her insane stamina meant that she could keep going, probably for hours.

I took a look at my phone and saw that my stamina was already at 30.

I still had homework to do, and I wanted to do some stuff in the dungeon, so I didn't want to crash all the way to 0 just yet.

"Hah… I promise we can do more later, but just let me a rest for now."

"Ah, OK…"

She seemed so disappointed.

"I got it, I got it. Let's take a bath together then."

"O-Ohh… That sounds incredibly lewd!"

Just how many sexual fantasies did she have?

Beyond the masochistic stuff, she seemed to have a deep interest in sex, in general.

Since we were already naked, we simply grabbed some towels and I filled the bathtub with hot water. While I was waiting for the tub to fill up, I checked my phone out of habit.

Your bond with Darkness has reached the maximum level!

Darkness (Masochist Crusader), Bond Rank: 7 (MAX)

At Rank 7, Darkness no longer sees you just as someone who will satisfy her depraved fantasies. She sees you as someone who pushes her to be better. Your patience with her has earned her sincere gratitude, and most importantly, her unbreakable affection. She has offered her mind and body to you forever.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Decoy]!

[Decoy] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill: 10 mp

Attract the attention of the target to you. At rank 1, this skill can only affect 1 target. Your Bravery (58) will go against the target's Intuition when determining the success of this skill.

…That bond reward was both equally embarrassing and heartwarming to read.

"Hey, Kazuma, where's your… Mnph!"

I pulled Darkness into a kiss when she arrived in the bathroom.

"Geez… What was that for…"

While blushing, she tucked a strand of blonde hair behind her ear. Her long hair was down now, and I had to admit that I liked this look the most on her. She looked insanely beautiful with her hair down.

"...Sorry, I know I wanted some rest, but…"
She looked down at my cock, which got hard again.

"Kazuma… You make it seem like I'm the lustful one, but let's not forget that you're quite the pervert yourself."

"We're both perverts, then. Are you happy?"

"Not really."

We both got in the bath. Darkness was still shy about facing me, so she sat on my lap, back against my chest, as we submerged ourselves in the water. I slipped my cock into her warm pussy, both of us moaning as we connected again.

"...This could be a new routine."

I said, reaching around and cupping her chest from behind.

"I don't think it's productive to do this everytime we take a bath…"

"Why not?"

I said, burying my face in her long hair.

"Because we'll end up getting sweaty again! Mnn!"

She moaned and squeezed me tightly as I squeezed a nipple.

"Can you move this time? I really don't want to use up more of my stamina."

In the end, Darkness was still a pervert, no matter how shy she was. She still ended up moving, grinding against me quite splendidly.

"Ahh… That's good…"

I leaned back and relaxed as I watched her giving me the reverse cowgirl treatment, grinding against my cock as her big, wet ass bounced on my lap.

"Geez… We're supposed to be cleaning up, you know?"

"Here, I'll get you cleaned up."

"Mnn!"

I took the hot water and rubbed it against her breasts.

"I can fondle these all day."

"...K-Kazuma only sees me as a walking pair of breasts, huh?!"

"You really are good at putting words in my mouth, aren't you?"

Since she didn't want to disturb the bath water too much and send it spilling out, Darkness only slightly moved her hips as she bounced on me.

That meant that I was getting edged along as we soaked in the bath.

It was a different experience, a mix of relaxation and arousal. And I found it amazing how Darkness never got tired or needed a break, keeping up the same rhythm of rocking her ass against me for an extended period of time.

But there was only so much of this I could take before I needed to cum.

And Darkness cumming first set mine off not long after.

"...Alright, we should probably get out now."

I said, after we both enjoyed the bliss of our release.

Once we got dressed, I gave Darkness a goodnight kiss.

"T-Thanks, Kazuma. That was really great…"

"Yeah. I'm glad that happened."

She smiled, before leaving me alone for the night.

"Kazuma-san… You sure are getting popular, huh?"

Appuri-chan said, after Darkness left.

"What, are you gonna say that your mama should receive all my love and attention again?"

I remembered that Appuri-chan was always like that before.

"...No, it seems that mama is happy that everyone is getting along. As expected of the matron of this family…"

"Did she have such a lofty position?"

"Yes! Don't forget that mama was your first woman! She is the one who allowed you to have so many other women, too! Don't think that you're in charge!"

So that was how Appuri-chan viewed this whole arrangement.

"...A kid like you shouldn't be talking about these kinda things, anyway."

"You say that, even though you always leave me on when you tumble around in the sheets…"

"...It's not like I do that on purpose! Just turn yourself off next time! Whatever. Play some music while I get my homework done."

"Oi. My name is Appuri-chan, not Siri! I'm not gonna be your personal music player!"

"Play some Yonezu Kenshi."

"...Fla-Fla-Fla-Flamingo."

She ended up obeying me, in the end.

Part 2

After I finished my homework, I went over to my dungeon.

I had yet to unlock any of the Creator class skills, so I wanted to get on that as soon as possible.

As for how I'd get the [Create Golem] skill, which seemed like the main skill of the class, I had an idea.

I simply created a new golem with the laptop.

Once the golem was formed, I checked my phone.

"...Oh, so you want to use my real functionalities now, instead of just using me as a music player, huh?"

Appuri-chan was giving me the cold shoulder.

I went ahead and just checked the notification.

However, the app crashed.

"Oi…"

"I'm your daughter, so treat me nicely!"

She really did see herself as my daughter, huh?

"...Pretty please, my darling Appuri-chan, can you do your job?"

"...It started out so well, then you just had to be mean. Fine, I'll show you! You got that stupid [Create Golem] skill! Happy?!"

"Yes, daddy dearest is proud."

I held my hand out, then let the skill fill me with information.

Words I didn't know left my mouth as I chanted the spell, and I felt a warm energy flowing through my veins, pooling around my hand.

Then I felt that energy gathering dirt particles, which took shape into an earth golem.

I looked at the golem which was only tall enough to just reach my knees.

There was a mental link between me and that golem. When I gave it a direction with my mind, it immediately followed, turning around and walking, then walking back again.

[Create Golem] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (15 mp)

Summon a basic 'Earth Golem' of the 'Common' Variety. This golem will obey all your commands to the best of its abilities.
Stats:

Armor (Dirt Body): +2 Physical Reduction

Health Points: 10/10

Mana Points: 5/5

Stamina Points: None Required

EXP Yield: 2

Actions:

Smack: Bludgeoning (40% accuracy, +2 Bludgeoning damage)

Curl: +5 Physical Reduction (cannot move, nor attack)

…Looking at the stats of this thing, it really sucked.

Well, that was why they were easily taken care of by the traps I set.

I suppose I'd be able to summon stronger variants if I leveled up the skill.

The other skills were a bit trickier to do, though.

Since Mary was recognized as my 'familiar', I worked on the [Summon Familiar] skill next.

"Let's see… Blood Mary, Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary!"

I thought about Mary being summoned in front of me.

Surprisingly, it actually worked.

"Yeah, I think you're pretty handsome! So why don't you come here and… Ah…"

Mary seemed like she was in the middle of something before being summoned.

"...Oi."

I stared at her warningly.

"...How did I end up here? And before you ask, I wasn't trying to eat up a man I saw in the dungeon, or anything."

"Oh, really, now."

"It's true! What, I can't flirt with guys now?! I wasn't going to absorb his nutrients, I just wanted a casual hook-up! I swear!"

Well, as long as she wasn't eating people, I suppose it was fine.

I explained to her how I was able to summon her. When I was done, she said,

"Hah? I'm your familiar now? I don't really get it, but I guess that means you can teleport me to you whenever you want?"

"Yeah, pretty much."

"That's very inconvenient for me! That means that I don't have any privacy now, isn't that right?! What if you summon me while I'm doing some nasty stuff?!"

"Don't do any nasty stuff, you freak!"

Am I surrounded by perverts, or what?

"If it's any consolation, I won't summon you unless I need you."

"...Is that so? Just to let you know that I can't fight at all, so don't even think about summoning me to fight some scary enemy!"

"I wasn't counting on that, anyway."

"Hah? Are you trying to insult me?"

I pressed my finger on her nose and poked it.

"...Are you messing with me, or what? Listen, I already have enough people around me who do the same thing, so don't even think about doing this annoying stuff on your master!"

"I knew it would turn out like this! Listen, just because you can summon me whenever you want now, it doesn't mean that you're the boss of me!"

"Did you forget our original dynamic already?! I'm sparing your life, so don't forget it!"

She pouted and slunk off in the corner, connecting herself into the wall to recharge her energy.

[Summon Familiar] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp)

Summon a being designated as your 'familiar'. At Rank 1, you can use this skill once every hour.

"Hmm… How do I go about using [Golem Manipulation], though? What even is that skill about?"

I took out Appuri-chan to ask her.

"...If you must know, the skill is about changing the form and shape of the golem under your control. It's a very hard skill to attain, so I don't expect you to…"

"[Smithing]."

I changed the form of the golem.

A horn formed on the head of the golem after I used the [Smithing] skill.

"What?! T-That's cheating! You're supposed to master mana manipulation enough to effectively manipulate the golem's shape! This really was supposed to be a hard skill to master, so how did you do that?!"

Was it really such a hard skill to master?

It seemed like common sense to just use the [Smithing] skill, though.

Well, I suppose other mages wouldn't have access to that skill.

[Golem Manipulation] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp)

Manipulate the shape and form of a golem under your control. At rank 1, only Basic Golems can be affected.

"Hm… Actually, that gives me an idea…"

"Oh, no… This is where you come up with all kinds of crazy exploits to make me question my understanding of my own system, isn't it?"

"You know what time it is."

I held out my hand towards the golem.

"[Golem Manipulation]!

I transformed the golem into the shape of a sword.

"[Meta-Control Spell]!"

Since this golem was still technically my spell, I should be able to use any skill that affects spells.

I controlled the golem to vibrate at an extremely high frequency.

Then I sliced through the dungeon wall to see its cutting power.

It easily cut through chunks of the wall.

"Hoh… That's pretty useful."

"Ah… I knew you'd come up with something crazy."

Appuri-chan sighed as I played with my new toy.

Part 3

I tried to acquire [Golem Scrying] and [Golem Transmutation] next, but honestly, the concepts of the techniques were too unlike all my other skills.

[Golem Scrying] was supposed to let me share senses with a golem under my control, while [Golem Transmutation] would allow me to change the elemental property of a golem.

The problem was that I didn't know how to start with even unlocking these skills.

"Heh… I doubt you can find an exploit for this one like you usually do! You will actually need to learn how to use your mana, like a real mage!"

"Hah… That sounds lame."

I looked at the golem I created, staring into its lifeless eyes.

"Ah, I got it."

"...What is it this time?"

Appuri-chan went from taunting me to having a defeated tone in her voice.

I took a webcam from the PC I placed in my dungeon.

Then with [Smithing], I combined it into the golem.

With the wire still attached to the PC, I looked at the monitor and saw the live feed from the webcam.

I then ordered the golem to look around the room, seeing what it saw on the monitor.

"...You unlocked the [Golem Scrying] skill. How did you do that?!"

"You should be used to this by now."

"...I guess I should."

I looked at the skill description next.

[Golem Scrying] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (15 mp)

Share senses with one golem that you have created. At Rank 1, you can see and hear, but you can't smell, feel or taste.

This would be really useful for reconnaissance activities.

"Hm… The last one is [Golem Transmutation], but I don't really know how to do that…"

"So even you have some limits."

"Oh, wait, I just got an idea."

"Are you doing this on purpose, or what?!"

Just when I was about to give up, I thought of a solution.

It was rather obvious, actually.

If the only goal was to transform the golem's original state to something else, that could be easily achieved.

First, I got a container and placed the golem inside it.

"[Create Water]!"

Then, I filled it up and let the golem take a bath.

"Alright, let's just patiently wait for the result."

"....What are you up to this time?"

"You'll just have to wait and see."

In the meantime, I turned to Mary, who was just relaxing as she absorbed mana from the dungeon.

"Oi, don't absorb too much. There's a limited supply."

"Yeah, yeah… Actually, why don't you just send me back?"

"I have to wait for an hour."

"...What a bother. Is there anything to do around here? I'm bored."

"You're talking as if there's a whole bunch of things to do in the dungeon."

"Of course there is! I can connect to the tranquility plant network and spread gossip to the other tranquility girls!"

She was talking about a plant hivemind as if it were a social media network.

"Hm… Well, you can use my PC, I guess."

I said, pointing to it.

"Ahh! I was curious about this Pee-Cee ever since my beloved told me about it!"

"...Was there a limit to the information he gave you?"

He even told her about having another lover, which was just his misunderstanding, in the first place.

She relocated to the recreation room and sat in front of the PC, as I oriented her through its functions.

"...Ohh… So that's how it works, huh?"

"Yup, just move the mouse around to click on things. I don't think you can type yet, so just tell me what you want to do…"

By coincidence, she just randomly pressed on the letter 'P' and a certain URL immediately popped up on the search bar.

"...Ah, there must be something wrong here."

I snatched the keyboard away from her and started deleting the search history.

Since this PC was locked away in an entire separate dimension, it seems that I haven't been as careful as I usually was.

That was close.

Instead, I just put her on YouTube and had her watch some safe, family friendly content.

"Ahhh! Those cruel humans! How could they do such a thing?!"

I didn't know why Mary was freaking out, since she was only watching a vegan recipe video.

"...Hah? What's the matter, they're just making food."

"Don't you see that they're chopping up an innocent plant?! How could you not see the cruelty in this?!"

Since Tranquility Girls were technically some kind of plant, I guess that Mary took offense to this video.

"...So, what? You want to see cooking videos with meat, instead?"

"Oh, that would be much better! Anything that's cruelty-free towards plants!"

I clicked on a 'How McDonald's chicken nuggets are made' video.

She didn't seem to have any problem with that.

"Hohhh… It's so efficient how those chickens are slaughtered."

A certain 'dragon' would probably be squeamish when watching this video.

Although its mother wouldn't understand why.

Since my little experiment would take a while, I went on the bed and laid down, planning on taking a short nap in the meantime.

It was getting late and I was a bit sleepy.

"Bwahahaha! This human is very funny! If only there was some way to express my enjoyment of this human's performance!"

"You can click the 'like' button, Mary-san."

"Oh, thanks for the tip, Appuri-chan."

"Wait, that was actually the dislike button."

"...?! T-This is terrible! Now this human will think that I did not enjoy his jokes and sharp wit! Please tell me how to undo this mistake?!"

"It's really not that big of a deal… Just click on the button next to it. Yeah, there it is."

"Phew,... that was a close one. Now, if only there was some way that I could be informed about this human's future activities!"

"You can go ahead and click the subscribe button… Ah, no, you clicked the report button and reported him for sexual misconduct…"

"...?!!! No, no, no! That isn't what I wanted to do! What will happen to this human?! Don't tell me he will be punished?!"

I gave up on trying to rest and stood up to join them.

"Oi, Appuri-chan, can't you just connect to the PC and fulfill all her commands yourself?"

"...Then I really will just be reduced to a personal AI assistant. I don't want that!"

Like mother, like daughter, their stubbornness was the same.

"Listen, Appuri-chan, in a way, Mary is kind of like your sister. So shouldn't you help her out?"

"...?! S-She's my sister?! I knew that you and mommy were doing it a lot, but I didn't think this would happen!"

Even though she was a super advanced AI, she was this easy to trick.

As expected of Aqua's daughter.

And so, I managed to convince Appuri-chan to help out with Mary's internet browsing.

I went back to bed and closed my eyes again.

"Appuri-chan! Put the volume on maximum and play that wonderful music again!"

"Certainly! I will also enhance the audio and make it as loud as possible!"

I went back to my real room.

Part 4

I ended up sleeping until the next morning.

When I returned to the room, I saw Mary still on the computer.

"...Wait, you were up all this time?"

"Hm? Ah, Kazuma-san… Give me some of your energy."

I looked at her exhausted eyes.

Well, considering she just discovered the internet for the first time, I suppose this was a reasonable outcome.

"...I also need energy, Kazuma-san."

Appuri-chan said, making me notice that my phone was in desperate need of charging.

After charging Appuri-chan, I went to check out my experiment.

Opening the container, I saw that the Golem I put inside developed a clay-like texture.

"...You actually managed to unlock the [Golem Transmutation] skill."

Rather than having a loud reaction, Appuri-chan was too low-energy and gave a subdued one instead.

If the only requirement was to change the Golem's properties, then there were ways to do that even without mastering mana control, or learning the fundamentals of magic.

I just made a clay golem by letting it take a long bath.

[Golem Transmutation] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp)

Change the elemental properties of one golem you control (fire, wind, earth, ice, water, lightning). The ability to create different combinations and sub-types of the elements depends on your Intelligence (88). The golems also get a +1 bonus damage of the given element to all their attacks.

I finally unlocked all the exclusive skills of the Creator class.

Satisfied with my work, I turned to Mary next.

"Alright, time to send you back."

"Eh?! No way, I wanna stay here!"

She got completely addicted to the internet.

"...Listen, you still have a job to do of scouting things out in the dungeon. Besides, I want you to keep an eye on that female orc brothel."

Not only was I invested in helping out the succubi, but I also didn't completely trust the female orcs yet.

I had lots of reason to doubt them, after all.

"...Fine. But you better summon me here again!"

After I promised her that I would summon her soon, I sent her back to the dungeon.

Your bond with Mary has deepened!

Mary (Tranquility Girl), Bond Rank: 5

At Rank 5, Mary has discovered the wonders, or perhaps the terrors, of the internet because of you. Be careful, or she might develop the NEET traits you once possessed. She has also become a sister of sorts to your beloved daughter Appuri-chan, along with becoming your familiar. This relationship is quite complicated, isn't it? Giving ample internet access to Mary will improve your bond with her!

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Thorns]!

[Thorns] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Whenever you receive a melee attack, reflect 5% of the damage you receive to the attacker in the form of piercing damage.

…I sure gained a lot of skills today.

Also, this skill seemed useful, but it wasn't like I was a frontline type of fighter. This skill would have been more useful on someone like Darkness, whose job was to absorb damage.

Maybe I should try to get Darkness to bond with Mary.

Although it wasn't a guarantee that she would get the same skill from the bond reward.

Still, I kept it in mind.

You gained +5 creativity for finding ways to learn very difficult skills!

I suppose that unlocking all those creator skills would also increase my creativity.

Especially since they were supposedly pretty hard to learn.

After running the golem exp farm for a bit while I was taking care of my morning routine, I soon took the dungeon door to school.

There were still ten minutes left before classes, so I chatted with Konno-san when I arrived at the classroom, before the homeroom sensei arrived.

Once Konno-san finished leading the bowing and roll call, the homeroom sensei said,

"Alright, class, the grading for your midterms is finally done!"

Finally…

This was the moment I was waiting for.

If I didn't reach the top 5, the system would lock me out from new quests until the next midterms.

Anxiously, I looked at the results.

Konno-san reached the top of the class, and…

"..."

I looked at the list and saw that I was at 7th place.

"Gahhh! So close!"

"Hm? Satou-san, you did very well, considering the circumstances. Don't be so hard on yourself."

Konno-san said, as she saw me despairing over my scores.

"...No, this is a disastrous result for me."

"I didn't think you held yourself at such high standards… Well, there's always next time."

I could only nod to her as I went back down to my seat.

When the lunch period arrived, I didn't go to the cafeteria and went to the schoolyard instead. I was still sad about the exam results, so I sulked while sitting on a bench.

Even if the weather was good, with cloudless, sunny skies, I could only stare listlessly at the dropping branches above me.

"Hm? Satou-san, why are you so sad?"

Appuri-chan said, making me take her out from my pocket.

"...Shouldn't it be obvious?! Because of that stupid quest, I won't be able to update the quest list for the foreseeable future!"

"Hm? But Kazuma-san, you passed the requirements of the quest."

"...Say what now?"

Quest completed! You finished in the top 5 of your class!

You learned the skill [Fast Learning]! You also gained an additional +10 to your Intelligence and Willpower!

[Fast Learning] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Your stat increases for mental stats increases at a faster rate depending on your Potential (20).

"...Eh? How did I pass the requirements for the quest?"

I said, looking at the notification in disbelief.

"Well, a lot of the overall grading was open-ended, especially with the essay portions. Your sensei's grading was probably different from the way the system graded it, leading to a discrepancy in final scores. But the system actually determined that you just barely made the top 5."

"So you're saying that sensei graded my tests wrong, huh?!"

"...Are you even listening? Besides, the score variances were something in the single percent range, so it was pretty negligible, if you're talking about margin of error."

I suppose I couldn't really blame the sensei for that.

Heaving a sigh of relief, I slumped against the bench.

"...Well, thank goodness for that."

The only quest left before I unlocked the next set was defeating the fifth floor boss.

…Just when I thought I already cleared the largest hurdle.

Part 5

It was quite a long break from the last time, but, after school, I headed to soccer practice.

The rest period was done, and we were going to start participating in official matches again. Therefore, we would condition ourselves back into match shape.

…That was the intent, but I got way stronger than the last time even without practicing.

The coach smiled widely when he saw me.

"Ah, Satou-kun, our star midfielder! Are you ready to get back to work?!"

He was as enthusiastic as ever.

We started the practice off with running laps.

Mitsurugi usually led the pace by a considerable amount, but now I wasn't lagging behind him as much as before.

"Ehh?! Satou, you must have been training hard, huh?!"

"As expected of our co-captain!"

Since when did I become co-captain?

"Yosh! Since our leaders are trying their best, let's pick up the pace, too!"

My teammates started running faster.

When we took a break, Mitsurugi tossed a bottle of water at me.

"Good work. Seems you're not holding back this time, huh?"

"I do want to win this time, after all."

"You sure are a sore loser. Well, I'm also on the same boat. Just remember… I don't want you using your skills this time if we're up against regular people."

I nodded at him. That was the plan, anyway.

At first I didn't really care, but now I didn't want to disrespect the hard work of the other players.

It was the same sentiment I had heading into the naginata tournament.

With that said, we went to drills now.

Since I wasn't planning on relying on short cuts anymore, I worked as hard as I possibly could, dribbling through cones and working on my passing and finishing.

However, there was something on my mind.

"Maybe I should work on my defense, too."

I said to Mitsurugi, which made him raise a brow.

"Eh? But you're the attacking midfielder."

"Positions and stuff don't really matter as much in big moments."

In the final game, when I lost that header to my classmate from middle school, I learned that lesson the hard way.

If I really wanted to commit to this and win it all, I needed to learn every facet of the game.

"Hm… I'm not sure how I can help you there. I've been a striker all my life."

Does this guy think he's in Blue Lock?

"What an arrogant person."

"I wasn't trying to show off!"

Mitsurugi led me to the defensive midfielder instead.

"Hm? Are you trying to take my job now?"

He said, when I asked him for help.

"...I just want to learn. No need to get defensive."

"That's my job, though."

My joke went over his head.

Eventually, he agreed and I started my defense training.

"OK, the first thing you need to learn is that aside from marking your man, you also need to play defense as a team. You're gonna have to learn how we move with us, and how we talk to each other. When you're the attacking midfielder, you spend most of your time worrying about what Mitsurugi does, right?"

It was true that most of my efforts went to tracking Mitsurugi's movements, as well as the opposing defense.

"Yeah, I guess."

"On defense, you have way more people you need to communicate with. You're also going to need to know how to 'tether'."

"Hah? What's that? Oi, are you just coming up with stuff to say to look smart?"

"I'm teaching you here! Listen, what I meant was that if you're playing defense, you need to move as if you are tethered to your other teammates. You can't leave gaps of space on the field. If I move, you need to adjust your movements to ensure that you occupy my previous space, while also making sure someone else covers your spot. Do you understand?"

I nodded, appreciating the simple explanation.

And so, we practiced with me playing defense this time.

"Oi, Satou! Don't just blindly follow me! You left your spot open!"

Before I could react, a through pass was sent to Mitsurugi, who instantly capitalized in the gap I left.

…That guy was too fast.

Was this what our opponents had to deal with?

Sucks for them, I guess.

Next, we did some aerial drills.

To be honest, I was a bit nervous about this drill.

We lost the final game because I couldn't contest a header, after all.

Still…

"Ohh! How are you jumping so high, Satou?!"

Because my physical stats went up since last time, my jumping power was pretty high now.

However, when it came to Mitsurugi…

"Ack!"

I grunted as I fell down.

I couldn't stop him at all.

Rather than complain, I just got up and wiped the grass off my uniform.

There was no point in whining, since there were bound to be other app-users in our games again.

If a higher-leveled app-user were to go up against me, I needed to hold my ground physically.

Maybe I was more determined this time, too, since my Willpower skill was much higher now, at an 89.

At the end of practice, I checked my phone to see if there were any stat gains.

Your Strength, Speed, Stamina, Dexterity and Bravery went up by +2!

Even Bravery went up?

Maybe it was because I tried a new way of playing and even practiced defending headers, even though I had bad memories of that.

"Satou, you gonna head home now? Don't tell me you're just gonna teleport back…"

It seemed like Mitsurugi disapproved of me just teleporting and using dungeon doors everywhere.

Is this a case of a martial class resenting the spellcasting classes?

"Actually, Mitsurugi, I wanted to talk to you about something…"

"...What are you up to now?"

Why was he immediately suspicious of me?

Still, we ended up going to the family restaurant we sometimes went to.

The place had several students, although most of them were just there for the cheap fries and the endless drink fountain. I could tell that some of the wait staff were annoyed with how the students stayed there for hours, even though they only ordered some fries to share.

As we took our seats, I saw our pictures on the wall from when we did the spicy curry challenge.

My asshole still remembers the pain.

"So, what's this about?"

Mitsurugi said, as he took a bite out of the curry katsudon he ordered. We were quite hungry after the practice, so we got some real meals. I got an udon. The waitress seemed happy that we actually ordered something above 1,000 Yen.

"Are you still seeing those girls from the trip?"

As soon as I mentioned them, he gave me a goofy grin.

"Hehe… Yeah, they're still here for the rest of the month, so I'm planning to see them on our day off!"

"Things are going well, huh?"

"Yup, yup! Those two are just so lovely!"

"Got room for one more?"

His mood dropped all the way down.

"...Eh? Satou, I like you and all, but… No way."

Why did he assume I meant myself?

"You really must think you're some kind of god of charisma if I would even suggest such a thing, Mitsurugi. No, I'm talking about someone else…"

"Did Aqua-sama change her mind?!"

"Are you trying to piss me off? Besides, you said you were over her."

"...Everyone says that until a chance comes by."

Is this guy really my best friend?

I was tempted to fight him again, but I had a mission in mind.

"Ahem. So, what's your relationship like with those girls? Are you exclusive, or is it open?"

"Well… It's kind of like your relationship with your girls…"

So those girls were quite open-minded, huh?

I thought that would be the case, since they decided to share Mitsurugi, after all.

"Good, good… You see, there's a girl I know who is quite interested in you."

Yes, I was talking about Cecily.

I wanted that girl to calm down and stop being a crazed lolicon, and giving her a stud to play with should do the trick.

She said so herself.

The problem was how to get Mitsurugi to agree with this.

"Oh? What's she like?"

"Hm… She's an older girl. Maybe college age?"

"That's cool! I don't mind a bit of an age gap!"

"She's an otherworldly blonde beauty with an excellent figure…"

"Ohh… Kind of like Darkness-san, huh? Not that I'm looking at her in that way."

If he really wasn't looking at Darkness like that, he wouldn't need to clarify.

"And you've also met her before."

"Eh? I'm pretty sure I'd remember a beauty like that… Oi."

I glanced away as he remembered meeting someone who fit that exact definition.

"...Tell me more about her, Satou."

He was trying to fish me for more details to confirm his suspicion.

"She really likes ankle accessories."

A government mandated ankle monitor, to be exact.

"If this is that otherworlder, Cecily-san, I swear, Satou…"

Even if their interaction was brief, Cecily had left enough of an impression on Mitsurugi that he clearly remembered what she was like.

And he doesn't seem happy about my offer.

"...She's willing to change for you."

"There's too much to change!"

I couldn't disagree with that.

"Oi, don't you consider yourself a man of character?! You're the only one who can fix that mess! If she's left alone, she might do something unforgivable!"

"Why is it my responsibility?! Why don't you do it?!"

"She specifically requested you!"

He sighed and slumped back in his seat.

"I mean, she's beautiful…"

"Very."

"But she's crazy as hell!"

"Very."

"Then, what gives?!"

"You fell for Aqua, so what's the problem with a bit of craziness?"

"Don't you dare compare Aqua-sama to that freak!"

I suppose that comparison was rather insulting to Aqua.

"In any case, here's her number. Call her if you change your mind."

He sighed and accepted the number, being the good guy he was.

Part 6

After that, Mitsurugi said that he wanted to hit the gym.

I suppose he wanted to clear his head after the discussion with Cecily.

I teleported home, opting for the shortcut.

It was hard not to abuse this teleportation spell.

"Onii-sama! Please tell Aqua-san that she needs to apologize! Right here, right now…!"

When I got home, I was immediately met with an irate Iris, who also had tears around her eyes.

"...Aqua, what did you do?"

Aqua, who was holding Zell in her hands, stomped over to us petulantly.

"Hah?! Why are you just assuming that I'm the one in the wrong?!"

"Of course it's your fault! Why else would the well-behaved Iris be crying like this if that wasn't the case?! Now, tell me what you did wrong in this instance, or there will be hell to pay!"

"I-I didn't do anything wrong!"

Iris rubbed her eyes on her sleeve and said,

"...That supposed 'dragon' of Aqua-san's assaulted my grape friend!"

Iris took out a hair piece and showed it to me.

Here's some clarification.

For some reason, Iris always wore a large hair-piece in the shape of a cluster of grapes.

I assumed that it was just a matter of different fashion styles from our world compared to the other world, so I never bothered to pay much attention to it, or ask her about it.

For one thing, I didn't even know if it was just a piece of jewelry or if they were real grapes.

But now, I could clearly see that a piece of grape had been torn from the stalk.

"See?! That fake dragon ate a part of my friend off!"

"Who are you calling a fake dragon?!"

"...Now, now, Iris, I get that you're young, but you're old enough to know that a fruit can't be your friend. You're not Yunyun."

I said, speaking in a soothing way to try and calm her down.

Instead, she just gave me a betrayed look and pointed to the grape accessory again.

"Wait, you're mistaken, onii-sama! This grape is a living creature! Rather, it was a monster that attacked me when I was a child! After I defeated it, this grape has sworn loyalty to me ever since, and has been my faithful companion!"

Is this chunnibyou?

I guess she was at that age.

I was thinking that way until the grape started to move.

"..."

[Enemy Detection] didn't warn me at all, since it didn't prove itself as a threat, but now that I pay attention to it…

After using [Lore Reading], I learned that this grape was actually a monster, like Iris said.

Just like the Green Onions and Flying Cabbages, Grapes were a type of animate food.

And since it was food, Zell decided to treat himself to a little snack.

"Aqua, since this thing actually seems to be alive, why don't you just apologize and heal the grape for Iris?"

"Hah?! But that would be admitting that my child is in the wrong! That can't be! My Zell-kun is a benevolent and pure dragon of light that cannot harm an innocent creature!"

She sounded like the mother of a criminal who was being interviewed by the news.

"Well, then, this is yet more evidence that this walking nugget isn't actually a dragon."

"Kazuma, I get that you're not ready to be a father to Zell yet, but this dragon is your child!"

"I thought that we agreed Mitsurugi was the father?! Besides, I have no problem with Appuri-chan being our 'child', because she's an intelligent AI! That thing is a snack for a lowly grape monster! It's not a dragon!"

"...Zell, daddy over here is just having a bad day. Don't listen to him. I know, let's have a walk in the garden, OK?"

Aqua placed her hands around Zell's ears and took him away, but not before giving me a glare.

I turned to Iris.

"Sorry about that, Iris. Here let me heal your grape."

She gave a thankful smile as I used [Heal] on her injured friend. The missing piece promptly grew back.

"Thanks onii-sama…"

She placed the grape back in its rightful place on her head, but not before giving it a fond, nostalgic look.

"That grape must mean a lot to you, huh?"

"Yes… It also reminds me a lot of home."

So that was what the nostalgic look was for."

"I'll find a way to get you back, Iris."

I said, patting her head affectionately.

Aside from me wanting to fulfill Iris's wish, there was also my obligation to Regina.

I made a pact to restore her kingdom of Norse, after all. In order to do that, I needed to find a way to go to the other world.

"By the way, onii-sama, Sena-san told me that my school uniform has arrived!"

"Oh… I'm proud of you, Iris!"

She has been preparing for this for a while now.

Learning Japanese, as well as basic education that a middle schooler would be familiar with.

Even if she received the best tutoring that Sena could provide, Iris's talent was also simply astounding.

"Be careful about boys, Iris…"

"This again…"

The cheerful look on her face dwindled into a slightly bored one.

"Speaking of boys… You haven't been contacting Kazuto lately, have you?"

"...Ah, I should go back to my studies."

She totally avoided the question and made a quick escape.

Iris (Sword Princess), Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, Iris is grateful that you saved her grape companion. You have also learned a bit about her past, and how nostalgic and homesick she really is. She has become more secretive, especially about matters with your brother, Kazuto. She didn't tell you this, but Sena gave her a cell phone, which she has been using to text and call Kazuto every night. Ah, but you didn't hear this from me, Kazuma-san. In fact, if she reads this message, your bond rank with Iris will decrease.

Bond Reward: [Signature Move]

[Signature Move] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Designate one of your attack skills as your signature move. The attack will deal +1 extra damage of its type and you will gain +10% weapon accuracy. If the attack requires mana, decrease mana consumption by 1. Yelling the name of the attack will add no bonuses to its effect.

I quickly hid the phone after reading that bond description.

"...Oi, Appuri-chan… You shouldn't write those bond descriptions as if you're directly talking to me. Have some professionalism as an app."

"Eh… Who cares about that? More importantly, it's good that you're consistently acknowledging that I'm your child now! I love you, papa!"

Appuri-chan had strangely grown on me ever since she was first installed on my phone.

I was about to head up to my room to do some training in my dungeon, when I saw Yunyun entering the room. She had a dark aura of depression around her.

"...Iris-chan shouldn't be talking to fruits, or she'll end up like Yunyun… Huh?"

Ah.

She heard that.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, kinggamerlite29 and 236 others
BoringBone
Mar 30, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 46: One-Shotting These One-Shot Bears!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Apr 6, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,106
Chapter 46: One-Shotting These One-Shot Bears!

Part 1

I looked at Yunyun, who overheard that quip I made of her.

"Ah, Yunyun, it was just a joke. You know, the kind friends tell each other?"

"Oh! So that's what it was!"

I almost felt bad because of how easy it was to cheer her up.

If you put 'friends' in there, Yunyun will easily accept it.

"Actually, Yunyun, I'm going to head to the fifth floor boss room soon, but how are you faring with Mitsurugi on the higher level floors?"

I said, since Yunyun was on the fast track program compared to us.

"Oh… It's going well. Mitsurugi-san is very kind and reliable."

"I'm happy that you're making lots of friends."

"Ah, I don't think I can hang out with him outside the dungeon, though."

She said, raising her hand.

Was this some kind of drama I was witnessing between Mitsurugi and Yunyun?

No, Yunyun wasn't that kind of girl.

"You see, Kazuma-san, it's about that troublesome [Lady Killer] skill!"

So she was still struggling with that.

"Whenever I go out in public with Mitsurugi-san, we are swarmed by women who flirt with the both of us!"

"I don't see a problem with that, if Yunyun wants to make friends."

"...I don't think those women are satisfied with just being friends."

"Is Megumin still giving you weird looks from time to time?"

Yunyun slowly nodded.

"Yes, but when I ask her about it, she says I'm just imagining things."

I felt like there was a lot to unpack here.

"I'll be on the lookout for something that will suppress that skill of yours, Yunyun."

I said that, but if she hadn't found any clues regarding that on the higher floors, I doubted there was anything on the lower floors.

After reassuring Yunyun that I didn't intend to offend her, I went about with my plans to conquer the fifth floor boss.

I wanted to refresh my quest list right away, since it has been a while since I received new quests.

Here is an update on where everyone's progress was in regards to the dungeon.

Rin had mostly caught up to our levels due to her steady practice in the lower floors, so I planned on bringing her along.

Darkness vastly improved her accuracy from what it once before, thanks to her naginata training.

As for Megumin and Aqua, I heard that they regularly went to the dungeon together, with Aqua supporting Megumin with buffs and Megumin pummeling her opponents with her staff.

Aqua was likely still mad at me in the meantime for the whole Zell situation, so I sought out Megumin instead.

I found her in the kitchen, preparing dinner. She was wearing an apron over her home clothes, while stirring a pot with pork broth in it.

"Honey, I'm home."

I said, playing up to the housewife look she had going on.

"If it isn't my husband with multiple other women."

She said, while sipping the broth with a ladle.

"...You're normally so into roleplaying, but you're not gonna do this scenario, huh?"

"Hm? What do you mean I normally roleplay?"

She didn't even understand that I was talking about her chunnibyou, huh?

This is a sign of a rampant delusion gone unchecked.

"How are your dungeon raids with Aqua going?"

"Pretty good, although I'd prefer to be able to use my explosion…"

"Well, I have good news for you. I'm ready to tackle the fifth floor boss now, so it's time for you to go wild with your explosion."

"Ohhh! It's finally time, huh? I must say, having to hold back before letting it blow is satisfying in a way, too…"

Why did that have to sound so dirty?

"On another note, I want to talk to you about multiclassing."

"No way."

She turned back to the pot, stirring the broth around and avoiding my gaze.

"Oi… You can't use your explosion most of the time, so it's better to increase your close-combat effectiveness, right?"

"But if I level up, I want to use all my skill points on magic power and explosion damage!"

"That's the one thing you don't need more of!"

I collected myself before I got angry at her. I was trying to convince her, after all.

Rubbing my hands together in an obsequious manner, I smiled and said,

"Oh, great Megumin-san? Can I ask you to reconsider?"

"No means no."

"...How about this? You don't need to spend skill points on any new skill you gain. Just switch your class for one level, so you can at least learn some new, useful skills."
She paused for a moment, actually seeming to consider my words.

"Hmm… That might actually not be a bad idea."

Since skill points could be saved, she could always just spend those new skill points on her usual explosion related skills on the next level up.

"I mean, I do qualify for the knight class already."

This time, I was the one who went silent.

"What?! How do you already qualify for the knight class?! I already have 91 strength, so what gives?!"

"...You don't even need that high of a strength requirement. You just need 70 strength and 70 bravery. Wait, Kazuma, don't tell me that you have less than 70 bravery…"

She gave me a disappointed look.

"T-This system is rigged! No matter how you look at it, I've been put in more dangerous situations than anyone else, so how am I not brave?!"

"...Being forced into those situations doesn't really entail bravery, especially if you're cowering and shaking the whole time."

I couldn't really argue against that.

"Anyway, if you're done backseating my build, can you let me go back to cooking now?"

Upon her request, I left Megumin to finish preparing dinner.

As I was about to head upstairs, Sena found me and asked to speak with me.

"Um… About Kazuma-san's ridiculous request…"

"Which one?"

"The fact that you need me to clarify says a lot. This is about your 'nuclear program' request…"

Ah, I was waiting for news on this.

There were only a limited number of nuclear reactors in Japan due to rules and regulations.

However, due to these very special circumstances, the government decided to intervene and allowed this exception.

They also received generous donations from the international committee for this project.

As for how the materials would be transferred, I proposed that the soldiers under my command, led by Marika-san, were the ones who should bring the material to my dungeon, since they were able to enter dungeon doors.

Then, it was a simple matter to give me the coordinates to where the materials were held and create a dungeon door there. I didn't even need to be physically present.

On my end, the only thing I needed to do was study more about nuclear reactors, then apply that knowledge with [Smithing] to assemble the reactors.

"Alright, Sena, tell them to start working on that immediately!"

"...You make it sound like it's a process that can be rushed."

She sighed, although she didn't make any further objections.

Part 2

After Megumin served dinner, I gathered Darkness, Aqua, Megumin and Rin to the dungeon.

The goal was to take on the fifth floor dungeon boss.

However, along the way…

"Why are there so many people here?"

Aqua said, when she saw a line of young men waiting to enter the female orc brothel.

…I didn't think there would be this many people here when I brought the girls to the dungeon.

"I don't know, maybe they're just bored. Let's go through."

The girls ignored me and went to check what the commotion was about.

"Gah! There's girls here! Scatter!"

A bunch of them tried to run away when they saw the girls approaching them.

I guess there were those who still had some shame left.

However, there were still a few who remained in the line.

"Hmph… Why should I care what girls, who I will never have a chance to befriend or hook up with, think about me? Let them make their superficial judgments like they always do!"

"That's right. We wouldn't be here if we had a shot with those kinds of girls."

"Hold down the fort, boys. We're not budging!"

Why the hell were they so prideful about this?

"Now I'm really curious. What's going on here?"

Rin said, tilting her head in confusion.

One of the guys in the line explained.

"Heh… This is a female orc brothel, if you must know."

"I see. Have a good day."

With empty eyes, the girls started to walk away.

"Oi, wait! Don't get the wrong idea! They aren't just ordinary female orcs!"

As if to prove the guy's point, one of the female orcs stepped out.

"Alright, next group, please! Hm? Why are there less of you now?"

The girls stared in shock, as they saw a famous actress wearing a bunny girl outfit stepping out of the brothel.

"I-Isn't this that the one lady in all those movies?! She's an app-user?!"

Aqua said, making a big misunderstanding.

I couldn't really say it was a dumb statement, though, since there was no way anyone could guess that this was actually a female orc. It looked way too much like the real thing.

"...Wouldn't such an actress be super rich? Why is she servicing all these men? And I thought this was a female orc brothel… Wait…"

Darkness managed to piece it together.

The guy gave a smug smirk and said,

"That's right! This one here is a female orc who learned the [Change Shape] spell! As you can see, they can take on any form they want!"

He wrapped his arm around the female orc while proudly making that statement.

"...It doesn't matter what form they take, that's still a female orc, right?"

Megumin said, not looking impressed by that explanation.

"Of course it matters! If it really doesn't matter, then how about this…"

The guy leaned into the female orc's ear and whispered to her. She nodded and started chanting.

"[Change Shape]!"

The female orc changed her form right in front of us, getting smaller.

The end result was that she took on the form of Megumin, copying her even down to the mage hat and robes Megumin was wearing.

"...?! W-What the hell are you doing?!"

Megumin blushed as the guy pulled the Megumin look-alike closer, rubbing his hand on her waist.

"What's the matter?! You said that it doesn't matter what form they take, right?! It's just a female orc in the end, right?! Then why are you blushing so hard right now?!"

"B-But… I-It's the inside that matters!"

"Heh. Even the inside is going to feel exactly like yours! As a matter of fact, why don't I see what that's like right now!"

"Like hell you are!"

Megumin took out her staff and tried hitting the guy with it.

"Golden Barrier!"

But he just summoned a golden field of energy that floated in front of him, completely blocking the attack.

That was probably a cheat ability of his.

…In the end, these guys were still app-users.

They were usually in the high level floors, and they were only here just to have fun with the female orcs.

That meant that we couldn't really do anything against them.

"Bwahaha! You sure are feisty! I'm gonna have fun with you! Well, your clone, that is."

I didn't really know how to feel about this.

Was this NTR?

…Well, not really. I mean, it was just a female orc, at the end of the day.

The female orc didn't even act like Megumin, and I doubted that they even knew her name.

"My name is Megumin! The greatest Arch-Wizard ever! One who is obsessed with the most powerful magic known to man… Explosion! I swear by the name of the Crimson Demon clan that I won't let you get away with this…!"

…Megumin just had to provide the perfect character profile.

"Humu. A loli Arch-Wizard afflicted with chuunibyou, and your name is Megumin-chan, huh? I like it. Let's go with that scenario, then."

The female orc nodded and did a pose, imitating Megumin.

"...As the one who wields the destructive power of explosion, this Megumin will make sure that you properly 'explode', master!"

Megumin gawked as the clone perfectly copied her voice and mannerisms.

OK, now I was actually getting pissed off.

I was about to step in, but Aqua already grabbed the guy by the scruff of his collar, pulling him away from the clone Megumin.

"Oi, I didn't give you those cheats just to have you act like this!"

The guy's eyes widened in recognition.

"Wait… Aqua-sama…?"

I then remembered that all of these app-users received their cheats from Aqua.

Megumin, Darkness and Rin didn't get a cheat item from Aqua. Megumin became an app-user through Wolbach, Darkness through Eris-sama and Rin became one after Aqua was kicked out of her realm. That was why they didn't see Aqua as a goddess.

But this guy should see reason if the goddess who gave him his cheat power was reprimanding him.

Right?

"...Wait, you must be a female orc, too. There's no way Aqua-sama would be in a place like this."

"What did you say?! OK, I've had it! [Sacred Break Spell]!"

"...!!!"

After a flash of bright, blue light that filled the hall, we saw that clone Megumin was gone.

She was instead replaced by a female orc.

"Eeek?!"

The app-user, who was happily holding the clone Megumin before, recoiled from the sight of the female orc.

"Hm, what's the matter, master? Megumin is ready to play with you now~!"

"F-Forget it! I'm never coming here again!"

"Ah, wait, dear customer…!"

Unable to deal with the real appearance of the female orc, the app-user quickly made his escape.

"As a matter of fact, I'm shutting this whole place down! [Sacred Break Spell]! [Sacred Break Spell]! [Sacred Break Spell]!"

Aqua went inside the brothel and started undoing the transformations of the orcs.

"Ahhh! What are you doing?!"

The owner of the brothel, Kikuchi, ran out of his office and watched in horror as Aqua destroyed his business.

"E-Ehhh?! Wait, you're supposed to be Natalie Portman! Why did you become Natalie Porkman?! G-Get away from me!"

All the app-users hurriedly escaped the brothel. The ones who were the most horrified were those who left the private rooms, running away in various states of undress.

One of them even puked on the way out.

"I-I was balls deep in that thing…!"

I would have felt sorry for them before, but…

That was until I saw the truly frightening nature of this brothel.

If it went out of control, it would have been a non-stop NTR factory for me.

After all, the girls I cared for were very beautiful.

It was only a matter of time until they became permanent fixtures in the brothel, surpassing even the popularity of famous celebrities.

So it would have ended with me being cucked over and over by clones of my lovers.

That was truly a close call.

"Tch… This is lame… Let's go, girls."

The female orcs gave up, leaving the brothel after all their men ran away.

"Please wait! S-Satou… Why have you done this to me?!"

Kikuchi said, as he watched all of his clients leaving.

"Hm? Kazuma, you know this guy?"

Aqua said, grabbing Kikuchi by his collar and glaring at him.

"I rescued him once from the female orcs. He made this brothel after that, though."

"...Why would he do that after being captured by them before?"

As if I knew.

Kikuchi started crying. With a whimper, he said,

"It was a way to get over my trauma, OK?! You know how many sleepless nights I had after I was almost assaulted by those female orcs?! I decided to tame the female orcs, so that no man would have to suffer through that fate again! Now, look at what you did! All those female orcs are gonna go back to assaulting men because of you!"

Right. I almost forgot that there was actually a good point to all of this.

Aqua let go of the guy's collar, actually feeling bad.

"Err… That wasn't my intention, haha…"

There was an awkward mood, as the girls didn't feel as angry as they did before.

Part 3

We left Kikuchi alone, who was sobbing in the now empty female orc lair.

"...I kinda feel sorry for Kikuchi-san, but that whole idea was wrong, no matter how you think about it!"

Rin said, as we continued towards the fifth floor boss room, like we were doing before we got sidetracked.

"It was beyond wrong! That guy was about to do perverted things to a lookalike of me!"

Megumin said, shuddering in disgust at the thought.

"Fufu. Well, you can thank me because I put a stop to it!"

Aqua said, earning an appreciative smile from Megumin.

"...I don't know. I thought the whole idea had potential."

Of course Darkness would say that.

As for me, I was grateful since this meant that the succubus shop could see their sales return to normal again.

Rorisa treated me well, after all.

Very well.

"I guess we'll have to do something about the female orcs later, but for now, we should focus on the boss."

Those female orcs were bound to be more of a problem now than they were before, especially with the [Change Shape] spell in their arsenal.

Stay strong, brothers. Stay strong.

We headed to the boss room and opened the door.

Just like before, frozen winds came out, immediately blanketing us in snow and cold.

We put on the snow gear we prepared for these conditions.

This included thermal wear, thick jackets, ski masks, gloves and goggles.

As well as snow shoes, so that we wouldn't sink into the snow.

The only one who didn't have to wear a jacket was Darkness, who only put on the goggles and the snow shoes.

That was because she had [Cold Resistance] maxed out, whereas the rest of us didn't invest skill points into it.

"Brrrr… Even with all the gear, it's still cold as hell."

I gave Aqua a skeptical look.

"Why don't you have [Cold Resistance] at rank 5? You get 10 skill points per level up, so it's not like you have a shortage of skill points."

"To level up my party tricks, of course!"

…This idiot was really spending all her skill points on party tricks.

"Hah? You already maxed out [Nature's Beauty] a while ago, didn't you?"

Even if she maxed out [Versatile Entertainer], too, I imagined that she'd still have a lot of skill points left over.

"Tsk, tsk… You wouldn't know this since you're a plebian who doesn't have an advanced class, Kazuma, but advanced classes have the ability to raise their skill ranks past the limit of 5! So, of course, I've been steadily raising all my party skills to much higher levels!"

What a complete waste.

"Everything about you pisses me off!"

I went over to her and pushed her into the snow.

"Why you! This is domestic abuse! And don't think I've forgiven you for siding with Iris!"

She got up and was about to retaliate, but then my [Enemy Detection] activated.

I held up my hand, making her pause as I looked around.

Yellow, glowing eyes appeared through the snow and hail falling in powerful slants.

With a low growl, giant wolves the size of a car revealed themselves, baring their fangs.

Their fur radiated away from them in stiff spikes, not swaying even under the icy winds. Their condensed breath almost looked like smoke from a fire, making me wonder just how much heat was produced by those powerful bodies.

There were ten of them, starting to encircle us with their pack. The alpha was twice as large as the others, almost the size of a van. It howled and sent its pack to attack us. Springing themselves forwards with their powerful hindlegs, they went off into a bloodlusted sprint, ready to devour us all.

The gray wolves were one of the two monsters that needed to be defeated to pass the trial of this floor.

And so, we already had a plan to defeat them.

"Aqua…!"

"Got it! [Power-Up]! [Haste]!"

After quickly casting buffs on me, she went to Darkness to cast more buffs.

"Rin, let's go…!"

"Right, senpai!"

I carried Rin in a bridal carry, then started running.

"[Decoy]!"

Darkness and I both used [Decoy] at the same time.

But while Darkness stayed with Aqua and Megumin, I ran away with Rin.

In that way, we were able to break the enemy's formation and prevent them from encircling us.

"[Escape]!"

I further augmented my speed as I ran away with Rin in my arms.

"I'm counting on you, Rin!"

"I got it! [Bright Spark]!"

She unleashed a sphere of light that expanded as it hit between the pursuing Gray Wolves. The wolves howled in pain as the light consumed them.

"[Light Arrows]!"

With the wolves illuminated, it was easier to see them in these snowy conditions. Rin then assaulted them with a volley of light arrows, which tore the flesh of the wolves as they descended.

Rin was the only cheat item user among us. Even if she trailed behind a bit in terms of levels, the fact that she had a cheat item meant that she could be counted on.

It didn't take long until the Gray Wolves were soon finished off.

The alpha didn't chase us, meaning that it was still occupied with Darkness's group.

I watched as Aqua buffed Megumin as well, who was the primary damage dealer of the group. Already, she felled three of the smaller wolves. I watched as she spun around, hitting two of the wolves who attempted to leap at her. Then she swung around for another spin at the third wolf.

The miniature explosions from her staff made quick work of those wolves, but I saw that Darkness was still engaged with the alpha.

"Hahhh!"

Darkness's battlecry could still be heard even with the snow blasting around us. I saw as she drew blood with her spear, tearing through the alpha's chest.

"Graarrr!"

The alpha howled in pain and tried to eviscerate Darkness with its claws the size of swords, but her adamantine armor blocked the damage.

Darkness then pressed the spear deeper into the wound she made, before drawing back and taking her greatsword out of her inventory.

She dealt the final blow to the severely injured Gray Wolf, decapitating it with her greatsword.

I rubbed my eyes.

"...Rin, did I see an illusion just now?"

"...I understand it's quite the surprise, but it's true, senpai."

Darkness really defeated an enemy on her own?

Not only that, but it was a boss-type creature.

She ran up to me with a wide grin on her face.

"Kazuma, did you see that?! I only missed 10 times and managed to get two attacks in!"

…I guess I didn't see the previous failures.

Part 4

From defeating the Gray Wolves, it seems that Rin and Darkness both leveled up.

"Hm? It says here that there's a new class available to me."

Rin said, while looking at her phone.

Looking at her scrolling through the phone manually, I thought about having them unlock access to Appuri-chan.

Aqua did say that doing so would tax Appuri-chan's processing, since she was in charge of so many app-users already. I should look to improve her hardware first.

Rin apparently unlocked something called the 'Elemental Master' class.

It was a summoning class much like the Creator class, but it focused on summoning spirits such as yokai, fey and elementals, rather than golems.

The prerequisites for the class was having at least 80 magic power, 80 mana capacity, and a strong affinity for spirits.

Basically, I didn't qualify for any of the requirements.

"It looks interesting, should I unlock it?"

She turned to me for advice.

I asked Appuri-chan for the available skills of the class. It looked like a versatile class with a mix of support and DPS options. Plus, no one else had this kind of class in our group, so it would diversify our strategies.

"Yeah, it looks good."

"OK! I'll unlock it then!"

Even though she unlocked it, we were still in the middle of facing a boss room, so she couldn't unlock any of the relevant skills yet.

Besides, I didn't even know how one goes about summoning a spirit. I doubted if any of my usual hacks would apply here.

"Heh. Kazuma-san can't abuse the system for once."

For some reason, Appuri-chan was celebrating my failure.

As for Darkness, although she didn't get a new class, she looked to be debating something.

"Hmm… Eh? Is this really worth it?"

Darkness said, while looking intently at her phone.

"What? Are you thinking you'll just put all your points into luck and hope you get lucky hits from now on?"

"...! That's not it! Besides, I can't even do that!"

She pouted, then pointed at her phone.

"You see, um, I got this skill from Kazuma w-when we, you know…"

She blushed while fidgeting around.

She was probably talking about the max bond skill she got after we did it for the first time.

It turned out that she received the [Combo] skill from me.

It was the skill that I pretty much invented after learning how to 'animation cancel' the otherwise choreographed attack skills.

"...You see, I'm thinking about raising the rank of this skill, but I'm not sure if it's worth it. After all, I don't use attack skills very often."

Since Darkness focused more on quantity over quality in terms of attacks, she couldn't invest too much mana using attack skills.

Even if [Combo] lowered the mana requirement, she'd completely drain her reserves using one combo, with only one or two attacks hitting.

"Hm… What other skills can you unlock?"

"Well… I did gain the [Steal] skill from Chris, but my cunning isn't really high enough to make that useful."

Sometimes, even if you get good skills from bond rewards, they aren't always useful right away for one's current fighting style.

Case in point, the [Thorns] skill I got from Mary.

Not to mention Explosion magic from Megumin.

I couldn't even use that yet.

The bond reward skills could even be a detriment, like the [Lady Killer] skill Yunyun got from Mitsurugi.

"Hm… I don't suppose that a Crusader can raise dexterity…"

"No… I can only spend skill points to raise Strength, Health, Faith, Bravery and Willpower."

…As expected of an advanced class. There were so many options.

Meanwhile, none of my classes even allowed me to increase a single stat with skill points.

"What other skills could you possibly raise?"

Choosing to respect her privacy with bond ranks, I just listened to her tell me about possibly useful skills she could put her skill points on.

Darkness's potential was at a 55, which was only slightly above average.

With that said, she was a genius compared to someone like me, who needed a bond rank just to raise it to a 20.

Anyway, this meant that Darkness couldn't just haphazardly spend her skill points like Aqua, and to a lesser extent, a prodigy like Megumin and Yunyun.

She had to be careful with her skill point allocation, like me.

Although, listening to her skills, there really wasn't anything that caught my ear.

All the useful skills she gained were already maxed out.

For example, Megumin's bond rank gave her [Magic Weapon], which automatically enchanted any weapon she was using with a +1 to damage.

And Aqua's bond rank gave her [Blessed], which increases the healing and buffs one gains from holy magic.

Mitsurugi even gave her the [Overwhelm] skill.

Wait, why did I have to snap out of Serena's control to gain that skill, while Darkness only had to bond with Mitsurugi?

Putting my annoyance aside, there wasn't really much else to spend her skill points on.

Things like [Bind] and [Steal] didn't really suit her that much, and I could already use those skills.

I guess this was the downfall of having an extremely specialized build, whereas my versatile build allowed me to better use the bond rank skills of others.

I was about to tell her to just save her skill points until I heard her mention an interesting skill I was very familiar with.

"Hm? Did you just say [Improvised Weapon]?"

I said, recognizing my first ever skill.

"Well… I just mentioned it off-handedly, but I don't think it's very useful, is it?"

"...Ordinarily, it isn't, but I found a way to make it work."

By combining it with [Smithing], I was able to make improvised weaponry out of magic.

Like making ice arrows.

If Darkness was able to use these improvised weapons, then her damage output would drastically increase.

Even if it didn't affect her accuracy, now that she had a slim chance of hitting her targets, she could potentially one shot enemies, with how powerful her attacks already were.

Although it was only useful if I was around, Darkness only went solo if she was training on weak monsters, anyway. We always battled together for boss rooms.

"Hm… I recommend putting skill points into that."

"Eh? Well, if you say so."

Darkness doubted me a bit, but I could tell that she really trusted me, since she ended up listening to my advice.

Part 5

While Darkness and I were discussing things, Megumin worked on harvesting materials from the wolves.

I still didn't know how she had the stomach for it, but she successfully skinned the fur and extracted the fangs and teeth of the wolves.

I looked at the claws of the alpha, which were about the size of a sword, then at the fangs, which looked like they would cut through me without any problems.

First, I worked on the fur.

"[Smithing]!"

With my upgraded smithing skill, I could make some very powerful items now.

Gray Wolf Fur Coat (Very Rare)

Tough fur coat that allows for agile movement, much like the wolves it was made from. Gain +1 armor and +1 evasion when wearing this coat. Increases resistance against cold magic and weather, however, your stamina drains 2x faster in warmer environments and conditions.

Sells for: 150,000 Yen

This was quite the situational item, however, it was quite useful in this particular boss room.

I made enough for everyone.

"Ohh… Nice and warm!"

Rin said, after she put the coat on.

"Fufu… This makes me look like some kind of evil shaman. I like it."

Megumin twirled around, enjoying the looks of the fur coat more than its practical applications.

Next were the claws and fangs.

"[Smithing]!"

For the claws, I made a new spear for Darkness.

Even with [Improvised Weapon], she still needed a main weapon if she had to fight alone.

Gray Wolf Claw Spear (Very Rare)

A sleek black spear made entirely from the sharp claws of an Alpha Gray Wolf. When fighting alone, accuracy with this weapon increases by 10% and deals an additional +1 Piercing damage and +1 Ice damage.

Sells for: 200,000 Yen

With the smithing skill, I had some choices about the effects of the weapon, so I made one suited to Darkness's needs.

"Ohh! This raises my accuracy by a lot!"

By double the amount, I'd reckon.

There were only the fangs left.

This time, I made an accessory that everyone could use.

Gray Wolf Fang Necklace (Very Rare)

When fighting together with allies (a group of 3 or more), your 'Intuition' increases by +10.

Sells for: 110,000 Yen

This effect reflected the nature of wolves to fight together in packs.

"Hoh… This accessory pairs well with my choker!"

Megumin really wasn't interested in the effect at all.

"...Even in the MMO, you only put on gear that looks cool, even if it's not optimal."

I said, watching Megumin take a selfie while wearing her new cloak and necklace.

"What's wrong with that? It's better than being a sweaty tryhard."

I suppose she had a point there.

"Should we also take the meat?'

I looked at the raw meat that Megumin cut up into cubes. It was already starting to gather crystals around it, as snow and ice covered the flesh.

"Hah…? Is wolf meat even good?"

"It's not about tasting good, it's about the stats we get from it, right?"

"Well, I suppose I might as well store it in my storage box."

Gray Wolf Meat (Rare)

Tough and sinewy wolf meat. It might have parasites, as it is a carnivorous monster. Gain +2 Speed, Cunning, Dexterity and Intuition when consuming this meat.

…So there was a chance of gaining a parasite, huh?

I suppose Aqua could just heal us, though.

That was the benefit of having an OP healer.

After storing the meat, we continued walking.

As for where we were heading, Mitsurugi told us to keep heading north to reach the exit.

We could only hope that we'd encounter the One-Shot Bear on the way, so we wouldn't have to backtrack in this cold.

A compass wouldn't work in the dungeon, since it was a separate dimension altogether.

Instead, I just had Appuri-chan act as a compass.

"...You know, this is cheating, Kazuma-san. Other app-users don't get this privilege."

She said, complaining when I asked her to do this for me.

"Oi, you wouldn't want something horrible to happen to your mama and papa, do you? If we get lost here and starve, it'll be on your conscience."

"Do you think I'm stupid?! I know you can just teleport away anytime if you do get lost! Also, trying to guilt trip your daughter like that is so scummy!"

She read through me.

"You're doing a good job with leading the way, Appuri-chan!"

"Thanks, mama! Oh, make sure to keep walking straight here. Ah, watch your step, there's a cliff to the right."

She sure changed her tune as soon as mama got involved.

"...Who are you two talking to?"

Megumin said, since Aqua and I were openly talking to Appuri-chan.

I planned on introducing them to Appuri-chan anyway, once I figured out how to increase Appuri-chan's memory.

So I told them about Appuri-chan to introduce herself.

"Nice to meet you all! I'm the super-advanced AI that runs the app system, Appuri-chan!"

"Aww, she's so cute!"

Rin said, looking at my phone.

Appuri-chan then switched to the chibi Aqua mode and waved to Rin.

"Ohh! It's that cute title animation that plays when you launch the app! So that was you, Appuri-chan?!"

"The very same!"

I didn't really get the point of that feature, but I did admit it was cute.

"Hmm… Shouldn't you come up with an actual name for her? Appuri-chan just seems like a placeholder name."

Megumin said, while looking at my screen with Rin. Darkness was also curiously looking.

"I never really thought about it."

We talked as we moved, much easier this time now that we had the cloaks on. We didn't even need the snow shoes anymore, as the cloaks actually let us walk on the snow without them.

"...How about something cool, like Cortana GLaDOS Ultron Kusanagi?!"

Of course Megumin would have a suggestion like that.

"...I'll get bullied by the other AI if I have a name like that."

There's other AI?

Darkness rubbed her chin.

"How about Dominatrix 3000?"

What kind of AI did Darkness think Appuri-chan was?

Rather, she was just projecting her fantasies onto Appuri-chan.

"Oh! How about 'Aika'? It kind of sounds like Aqua, and it can be a play on words with 'A.I.'!"
Rin said, the only one to come up with a good suggestion.

"Hm… So it's more like A.I.ka, huh?"

I said, considering the name.

"I like it! Satou Aika! That has a nice ring to it!"

She took my last name without even consulting me.

Well… I guess that's fine.

"Oh, it fits you well. Aika can mean 'love song', and since you're a music player, it really fits."

"I told you already that I'm not a music player! Geez!"

And so, Appuri-chan's new name was decided.

Part 6

With the Gray Wolf coats, it was no longer an issue to traverse the boss area.

I imagined that it was ordinarily quite the laborious task for even an app-user. There were many hazards. One wrong step and you could slip off a cliff, and no one would even find your body.

Not only that, but visibility was very difficult in this environment.

Even if [Enemy Detection] warned me of an enemy, it was difficult to spot where they were, until we could actually see them.

That was how we got ambushed.

Multiple sharp ice shards that floated in a collective, serpentine stream appeared in front of us.

"These things are Ice Wraiths! Don't let them touch you!"

Aqua warned, immediately casting buffs on us.

I took out Chunchunmaru and tried to cut one in half, but it deftly slithered away.

"Nghk…!"

It countered with a strike to my torso.

I felt a cold, numbing pain spreading from within my armor.

I also felt like I was having difficulty moving.

However the effect soon ended.

"Kazuma-san, be careful! You lost 20 HP just from that attack!"

…Then how badly would that have injured me if I didn't have a bunch of cold resistances right now?

Not to mention that my attack didn't even connect, even though there was a 117% chance of hitting with Chunchunmaru.

The Ice Wraith's evasion must be incredibly high, along with an ability that further augmented dodge chance.

"[Decoy]!"

Darkness immediately drew the attention of the Ice Wraiths to herself, with Aqua healing her as she took damage.

"T-This isn't bad at all!"

I ignored Darkness as she let out a pleased sigh.

I started using [Charge Spell] to empower my magic.

"Everyone, duck!"

They all followed my command, going down to the snowy ground.

"[Tinder]! [Wind Breath]!"

I let out a supercharged stream of fire, spinning around the area to hit all of the Ice Wraiths.

[Fireball] would have hit everyone as well, this way, I was able to avoid that, even if the attack was weaker.

Thankfully, the Ice Wraiths were as fragile as they looked. They were offensively powerful but melted as soon as they were hit with fire magic.

Aqua came over to heal me. I then repaired my scratched up armor with [Smithing].

"...These encounters are getting tougher. Oi, Appuri… I mean, Aika-chan. How much longer until the exit?"

With me calling her with her new name, Aika-chan happily responded.

"Oh, geez… I really can't help you that much~! It's unfair~! Ah, but you did call me Aika-chan, so I'll tell you that you're 20 minutes away!"

These boss rooms were really getting bigger and more challenging.

And we hadn't even encountered the One-Shot Bear yet.

Thankfully, morale was still high, thanks to the coats keeping us relatively warm.

But if we encountered another of those Ice Wraiths again, or some other monster that was hard to deal with, I could imagine Aqua tearfully begging us to go home, or Megumin getting impatient and blowing something up with Explosion.

They were well-behaved so far, but I had to keep in mind that they were problem children in nature.

"By the way, please tell Rin-san that those Ice Wraith essences that were left behind can be used for her new class."

I suppose that the Ice Wraiths were some kind of elemental spirit.

Also, Aika-chan was really forthcoming with information now, even if she was rather tight-lipped before.

Maybe she was trying to make more friends now that the others knew about her?

"Oh, thanks a lot, Aika-chan!"

"You're welcome~! Rin-san came up with my name, after all~!"

After we gathered the Ice Wraith essence for Rin, we continued walking.

However, before we got too far, I got an idea.

"[Create Golem]."

I created an Earth Golem to go ahead of us.

Since it would have trouble walking in this environment, I also used [Golem Transmutation] to transform its element into ice.

I watched as the Earth Golem grew ice spikes around its body, its eyes going from green to a pale blue.

I sent it ahead.

Then, I used [Golem Scrying] to share senses with the golem.

The mana cost was a steep price to pay, especially since I tried to drain mana from the dungeon, but there was too much snow to connect to the dungeon walls or floor.

I also didn't want to drain mana from the others, even though it was tempting to do so with Darkness and Aqua. They had important skills to use, after all.

But it was all for naught anyway if we got ambushed again, so I just accepted the huge loss of resources as we continued walking.

With that said, I only had 27 mana left, so I needed to rely on the others in any upcoming fight.

I really should focus on raising my mana capacity next…

Having no talent in magic, when so much of my build relied on magic, really sucked.

Thankfully, the investment paid off.

The Ice Golem went ignored, as the enemy creatures must have assumed that it was part of the dungeon. I saw Ice Wraiths flying past it.

Using that information, I then changed our direction to avoid the Ice Wraiths.

We avoided several enemies in this manner, including a variant of goblin that seemed acclimated to the ice. I assumed that they were fairly weak, but we really couldn't afford to waste resources on more encounters. Plus, they had equipment that other goblins didn't have, such as ice picks and grappling hooks. I didn't want to risk encountering them.

The golem then encountered a small hill, and I controlled it to climb over that hill.

However, it wasn't a hill at all.

I felt the ground shaking, as the 'hill' moved, rising up and shaking off snow.

"Graaaa!!!"

A giant bear rose from what appeared to be a peaceful nap, sending the ice golem falling away.

We found the One-Shot bear.

Part 7

As we were some distance away, we had time to prepare for the encounter. The One-Shot Bear also wasn't aware of us yet, and was currently looking for the golem, which I ordered to hide in the snow.

"Alright, Megumin. You can go first."

We all needed to take down a One-Shot Bear each, but Megumin was the one who had the highest chances of finishing the battle right away.

"Fufu… So it's finally my turn! I am Megumin! The strongest Arch-Wizard in the world! Wielder of explosion magic! You might be called the 'One-Shot' Bear, but let me show you who the true wielder of that title should be! Explosion!"

After making a dramatic pose, Megumin aimed her staff at where the One-Shot Bear was.

We covered our faces as hot air disrupted the falling snow, melting the ice all around us. Fire and smoke billowed out from the point of impact, and we heard the muffled sound of the One-Shot Bear's final cry.

"Ahh… That's so good…"

Megumin said, as she started to fall. I went to catch her, giving her a piggyback ride.

As I ordered the golem to come back out of its cover, I could see through its eyes that the explosion attracted the attention of other One-Shot Bears.

They sniffed at the air and soon found our scent, especially with the falling snow cleared for just a moment by all the heat of Megumin's explosion.

"Here they come… Darkness!"

"On it! [Decoy]!"

Aqua casted buffs on Darkness, who started running away as soon as the One-Shot Bears came.

"Graaarr!"

Those things were so fast, considering their size.

Thankfully, Darkness was able to outrun them with all the buffs Aqua casted on her.

While they were concentrating on Darkness, Rin started charging up her spell.

"[Charge Spell]! [Bright Spark]!"

She unleashed a wide blast of light that encompassed all of the pursuing bears.

"[Rapid Shot]!"

I unleashed a volley of arrows at the bears, accompanying Rin's attack with my own.

Then, once the bears got too close to Darkness…

"[Decoy]!"

I used [Decoy] as well.

In this way, I could juggle their aggro with Darkness.

A lot of the bears already fell from the barrage of attacks from me and Rin, so Aqua only had to deal with a couple of them running towards us.

"Heh… Aika-chan, make sure you're watching mama right now!"

"Not only am I watching, I'm also recording, mama!"

"[God Blow]!"

Wanting to show off in front of Aika-chan, Aqua unleashed a powerful uppercut into a One-Shot Bear that got too close. The bear immediately fell down.

There was one more bear left, but Darkness caught up to it.

"[Smithing]!"

I used the Earth Golem and transformed it into an earthen spear for Darkness.

She caught it and used her new [Improvised Weapon] skill…

She missed her first two attacks.

"[D-Decoy]!"

She had to use the [Decoy] skill to make the bear stop in its tracks and turn towards her.

Then she used the skid and thrust attack pattern she practiced before, to properly land the attack.

Well, it was ugly, but she still managed to hit. The bear fell down with a huge wound on its chest.

"Haha! Even though they were called 'One-Shot' bears, they were the ones who got One-Shot!"

Aqua said, celebrating our fairly easy victory.

"Fufu… I leveled up from that."

Megumin said, checking her phone.

I didn't quite level up, but I only needed 100 more EXP.

Still, we passed the conditions of this boss floor room.

Quest Complete!

Quest Reward: Random Loot Box!

"...Make sure to give me your boxes to open."

I said, before Aqua could open hers again.

"Pfft… The last time I opened my box, I got Zell as a result! My luck isn't as bad as you think!"

That was the perfect example of her bad luck, though.

Still, I let her do whatever she wanted, instead of wasting time and energy arguing.

Megumin couldn't harvest the bears for materials yet, since she was unable to move, so I was about to open my loot box.

However, I noticed something ahead of us.

"Hm? What are those things?"

I noticed what appeared to be floating snow balls, but there was an immaterial, ghostly quality to them.

They also had cute, black eyes in the form of vertical lines.

[Enemy Detection] wasn't saying they were a threat, so I just watched them instead of reacting.

"Oh! Those are Snow Sprites!"

Aqua said, looking excited as she saw them.

"Hm? What are they?"

"They're considered spirits that embody the concept of winter itself! If you capture them, you can make wonderful ice packs during the summer! I also heard that capturing them will even hurry along the coming of spring!"
I used [Lore Reading] to see if I could learn more about these Snow Sprites.

Aqua was hardly reliable, after all.

Snow Sprites

Ice spirits that are avatars of winter. They are very weak and are prone to capture. They give a lot of EXP when slain. However, they are very rare and only those who are lucky will encounter them.

There are rumors that capturing and defeating them will trigger a secret event, however, since Snow Sprites are quite rare, there doesn't seem to be much information regarding this.

I was about to warn them about this supposed secret event, until I saw Aqua already trying to capture one.

"Come on! These things give a lot of EXP if they're killed! I also wanna capture one to make perfectly chilled beer with!"

Well, they did seem pretty harmless.

And I needed 100 EXP to level up.

I took out Chunchunmaru and started slaying these Snow Sprites.

"You have leveled up! Um… But Kazuma-san, I should really warn you…"

"Hm? What's up?"

"Well…"

Before Aika-chan could finish her sentence…

We felt the ground rumbling again.

I thought it would be more One-Shot Bears, but when I looked at the source of the tremors, I saw snow and ice swirling around in one area.

The miniature storm formed into the shape of a large, humanoid figure.

The figure wore samurai armor that looked like it was made from ice and snow. It also carried a large katana that would have been considered a nodachi for a regular sized person.

And then, I remembered the 'optional quest'.

To defeat the Winter Shogun.

The summoning method was unknown so far, and Mitsurugi said that no one was able to figure it out.

Either that, or no one lived to tell the tale.

"Quick! Kazuma-san! You have to prostrate yourselves to the Winter Shogun!"

I quickly did as Appuri-chan said.

"Oi, Kazuma, why are you making me bow, too?!"

Megumin said, as she couldn't move and was forced to bow along with me.

"Just shut up and behave!"

Darkness stared at the Winter Shogun with a lewd smile on her face.

"This thing is looking down at me as if I'm a slave… Ah, it's a shogun that's used to conquering women, after all…"

"Keep your head down, or you're not getting any from me anymore!"

That managed to reign her in.

Just when I thought my troubles were over…

"Ahh! My Snow Sprite is escaping!"

This dumbass Aqua stood up to try and capture the Snow Sprite that slipped away from her hands.

I went over to her and brought her face down to the snow.

"Oi! Don't you already have too many pets?! Just let that one go!"

"Are you implying Zell is a pet?! He's a mighty dragon, not a pet!"

"Actually, rather than a pet, isn't he a snack?!"

"Kazuma, take that back and apologize to your child right now!"

"How many children do I have with you?!"

While I was arguing with Aqua, I failed to notice that I still had Chunchunmaru in my hands.

"Kazuma-san, let go of your–!"

That was the last thing I heard before I saw a flash of cold steel.

Ah… This again.

My whole world spun around before going completely black.
Last edited: Apr 6, 2025
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, kinggamerlite29, NightSight and 204 others
BoringBone
Apr 6, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 47: Finishing This Battle With The Shogun!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Apr 12, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,123
A/N: There is a new members only short story on my Patreon! The story is in the original LN setting, where Kazuma is tasked to repopulate the Crimson Demon village. Please consider supporting me!


Chapter 47: Finishing This Battle with the Shogun!

Part 1

I opened my eyes and found myself in a blank, empty room.

…Did I die?

Certainly, I saw the Winter Shogun's sword descending, then all I saw was darkness.

I felt my neck, only to see that it was still attached to my body.

I must be in spirit form.

"Kazuma-san… Are you OK?"

Looking up, I saw Eris-sama seated on her chair. She had a look of concern for me.

"Eris-sama… Ah, what's happening to the others!"

I went up to her and looked around for her remote.

She blushed and waved her hands around.

"Wait, I'll get it myself… Um… Is it just me or are you touching me too much?!"

She said, when she noticed that I was getting rather handsy.

It had been a while since I last saw Eris-sama, after all.

I lost control of myself around this orthodox heroine.

While blushing, she took the remote control and pressed a button.

A projection appeared in front of us, showing a view of the others.

Rather than bowing to the Winter Shogun, I saw Darkness standing up, attacking with her spear.

"...How dare you do that to Kazuma?!"

I was touched that she was trying to take revenge for me, but this really wasn't the time for the violent outburst!

It seemed that the Winter Shogun could be pacified. Attacking was the wrong move!

Aside from Megumin, the others followed Darkness's lead and started attacking too.

"This is for senpai!"

"...You'll pay for killing Kazuma!"

"Why is that idiot Aqua attacking, too?! She should just buff Darkness! Ahhh… They're falling apart without me!"

Not to mention, it was Aqua's fault I was even dead.

I snatched the remote control from Eris-sama.

"H-Hey…!"

"Sorry, just let me use this!"

I used the pairing feature with my phone like last time and used the microphone function.

"Aika-chan! It's me, from the afterlife! Tell those dumbassess to stop attacking!"

"...! Kazuma-san! Even if I do… It's too late! They have earned the Winter Shogun's ire by attacking. It won't stop now until they're all dead, or if they somehow manage to defeat it!"

If Aqua dies, we're all dead. Didn't they realize that?!

No, they were too blinded with rage.

I guess they cared about me to that extent.

I anxiously watched the scene, thinking about what I could do in this scenario.

Then, I looked at my dead body on the screen.

If things like ghosts and zombies could exist in the dungeon, and even possess living creatures, did that mean that a spirit like me could do the same?

"Eris-sama, is it possible for a spirit to reinhabit its corpse, without resurrection magic?"

I said, turning to Eris-sama with desperation in my eyes.

"Eh?! That's blasphemous! Don't even talk about things like that!"

Well, I guess a goddess would hate the undead.

"Just tell me if it's possible."

"Well… It's possible… That's how undead are, after all. But most undead are occupied by vengeful spirits… If you stick around for too long, you will also be corrupted!"

"It's fine. I don't plan on staying as a spirit for that long."

I looked at my hands. Could I even use skills in this form?

Well, it was worth a try.

"Sorry, Eris-sama. [Drain Touch]."

"Gahhh?! What are you doing, Kazuma-san?!"

I held her wrist and stole mana from her, replenishing my supply.

Maybe because I was an undead now, but the skill worked faster than it did before.

"OK, you've come too far, Kazuma-san! I was willing to overlook a lot of your behavior, but using [Drain Touch] on a goddess is too far!"

Eris-sama's soft-spoken voice was replaced with an angry and aggressive one.

"...I did that to Aqua in the past, though."

"That doesn't make it OK!"

"I'm sorry! This really is an emergency, so please put up with it!"

Her eyes softened when she saw my expression.

"...I suppose I can overlook this. But why did you take my mana, anyway? It's not like you can go back there."

"Hm… I was thinking… [Teleport] doesn't specify a range. Is it possible to hop between dimensions?"

She paused, then rubbed her chin.

"...I'm not sure anyone has tried that before."

So even Eris-sama didn't know?

Well, it was worth a try.

Even if it failed, there was no other option.

I was dead, anyway.

"Eris-sama, sorry for my rudeness! [Teleport]!"

I felt myself being pulled back, Eris-sama's realm disappearing from my vision, replaced by a blur of light.

Perhaps because I was trying to teleport from the divine realm to the mortal realm, but the transition felt rougher than usual.

I ended up in the teleportation mark I left outside the boss room.

My decision from back then came useful this time.

I tried to open the door, but my hand phased through.

…I guess I was still a spirit.

I tried going through the door next, and it actually worked.

Thankfully, I was able to fly pretty fast as a spirit.

I flew to the others, wishing that they were still alive by the time I got there.

Thankfully, when I arrived, I saw that they were still alive and fighting, although it seemed like Darkness took a lot of damage.

Her armor had cracks all over it, and her pauldron fell to the snow.

Still, she had a determined gaze in her eyes.

I hurried over to my body.

Only to see that my head was cleanly detached from my body.

Resurrection took a while to cast, so I could imagine why Aqua decided to put that off.

And now, she was properly buffing Darkness instead of attacking, so at least she managed to calm down enough to do that.

…I wasn't sure how this would work with my body now headless, but there were no other options.

I slipped into the body, feeling an odd sensation of regaining my physical senses. However, there was a sort of disconnect, as if I was only halfway in control of my body.

"Owww! Why does that hurt so much?!"

I said, feeling the pain in my neck.

Once I fully possessed my own body, I went through the absurd experience of seeing my own headless body from the perspective of my chopped off head.

It was a strange feeling, trying to control my own body even though my eyes were watching from below. Clumsily, I controlled my body to walk over to my head and pick it up.

…Was this what it was like to be a Dullahan like Beldia?

That thought randomly occurred to me.

I didn't want the others to freak out seeing me like this, so I took out my steel wires.

"[Smithing]!"

I then used the wires to stitch my head to its body.

"Kazuma?! Wait, you became a zombie?!"

When I finally revealed myself, Megumin was the first to see me.

She had a pale look on her face as she looked up at me.

"No, it's me, it's me! I came back from the dead!"

"I know that 'it's me, it's me' scam! You're not fooling anyone, Zombiema!"

"Oi! You're normally so chuunibyou, but you can't believe this development?! This is the kind of nonsense you always fantasize about, so just believe me already!"

"...It really is you, Kazuma. No one else shouts at me like that."

I was able to successfully convince Megumin.

"I believe that it really is you, but how did you come back?!"

"...I'll explain later."

I looked to the others, who were still engaged with the Winter Shogun.

They were holding on for now, but I knew that wouldn't last.

I saw as the Shogun unleashed a flurry of fast attacks, almost too fast to perceive. Darkness did a good job blocking them, but she still received damage from the slashes that passed through her defenses.

Meanwhile, even if Darkness improved, the Winter Shogun was a superior fighter. He avoided Darkness's counter attacks, although Darkness did prove to be a suitable distraction as Rin peppered him with her light magic.

After telling Megumin to stay where she was, I went to join the others.

Rin was the first to notice me.

"S-Senpai?! How… What… Eh?!"

Understandably, she was at a loss for words.

Aqua noticed me next.

"Ahh! Is this a zombie?! Must purify it!"

"Oi! That might actually make me pass on to the afterlife, so don't!"

I managed to stop Aqua before she could make things worse.

"Eh?! Kazuma?! I'm not into necrophilia, but…"

I interrupted Darkness before she could say something absolutely insane,

"Listen! The only way we can get out of this is to defeat the Winter Shogun, so everyone, focus!"

"...It's kind of hard to do that right now."

Rin said, while eyeing my undead self.

As for how to defeat the Winter Shogun…

I noticed something while watching Darkness and Rin attacking it.

The Shogun went out of its way to protect certain parts of its armor.

That was, the weak areas in the joints of the armor.

Perhaps it was like Beldia, as in it was more like a suit of armor than a real body.

So if we hit the weak areas in the armor enough, then the whole body might collapse.

"Darkness, aim for the joints!"

While I was saying that, I drew Chunchunmaru and joined her for the attack.

Since the Shogun easily dealt with me before, it didn't seem to view me as a threat. I successfully managed to flank it with Darkness.

While avoiding its notice, I managed to stab a weak spot.

The Winter Shogun howled in anger as the blade dug into its armor. Blue, icy energy escaped from the crack in the armor, confirming my theory.

Then, I backed away, avoiding a slash from the Winter Shogun.

Before the Shogun could focus on me, Darkness used [Decoy] and made its head turn to her.

At that moment, Rin took the opportunity to attack.

"[Light Beam]!"

Rin shot a concentrated beam of light from her wand. It accurately hit yet another weak spot in the armor, making the Shogun yell from pain and rage.

Just when I thought we were getting a good momentum…

The Shogun rapidly spun around and dashed towards me.

I thought I could escape in time, but something unexpected happened.

A white sphere extended from him, which surrounded me.

Immediately, I felt my movements getting slower, just like when the Ice Wraiths hit me.

It was probably a technique that reduced a target's movement speed.

"[Smithing]!"

I raised Chunchumaru and turned it into a steel shield, along with my armor, using it to block the attack.

It worked, but I was thrown back from the impact of the slash.

While the white sphere slowed my movements, it seemed to speed up the Shogun's.

Thing thing is too broken…!

The Shogun moved to finish me off.

"[Decoy]! Ahh…!"

It seems that Darkness finally ran out of mana.

"[Wind Blade]! [Control Spell]!"

Rin surprised me by summoning a torrent of wind, which she controlled to hit my shield and push me out of the way of the Shogun's attack.

The Shogun also wasn't expecting me to be pushed out by the wind, and it covered its body from the attack as well.

Seeing those moves from Rin…

She's really grown, huh?

Part 2

"[Bind]!"

I tried to capture the Shogun, but it merely dodged out of the way of the rope I threw at it.

"[Steal]!"

I went for the sword next, but I suppose it was too high level for my Steal to affect it.

And just like that, I was down to 19 mana.

Rin was also about to run out, and Darkness was already empty.

Aqua had the most mana out of everyone, but even her reserves weren't unlimited.

Basically, we were almost out of options here.

"Kazuma-san… Please hang in there!"

Aika-chan said, cheering me on with a hint of desperation in her voice.

"Oi, if you really wanna help, then give me all the info on the Winter Shogun!"

I thought for sure that she'd complain about this being unfair to the other app-users, but…

"You're on the right track! Attacking its joints will hurt it, but its real weakness is its inside! It will be difficult to pierce that armor, though!"

She was willing to help us out to prevent a full party wipe.

The problem was that I didn't have much mana left.

Now that I had more information on the Shogun, there might be a way to stop it, but doing so needed resources.

If only there was a way to use [Drain Touch] without having it hack me to pieces…

I looked at my corpse of a body.

Then, I remembered something, from when I first died.

Yunyun was able to put my body in her inventory.

It seems that a corpse was considered an 'item'.

"Aika-chan… Can you do something for me?"

"...This better not be something crazy."

She knew me so well.

It took some convincing, but I finally managed to get Aika-chan to agree on a plan.

I sprinted towards the Shogun.

"Kazuma?! Why are you just charging in?!"

Darkness yelled, watching my seemingly reckless charge.

"I'm gonna make an opening, just wait!"

The Shogun faced me, raising its sword for an attack.

"Aika-chan, now!"

"[Storage]!"

Just as the Shogun attacked, Aika-chan hid my body away in the inventory space.

In the next moment, I found myself in an endless plane of darkness.

I tried to move, but not only couldn't I blink or breathe, I couldn't even move any part of my body.

…This was what the inventory slots were like on the inside, huh?

I could see how it was able to contain even a Coronatite explosion.

After a few seconds, I reappeared in the physical realm again.

The Shogun was still looking around for me, searching for where I disappeared to.

I went to grapple the Shogun from behind.

"[Drain Touch]!"

The Shogun tried to push me off, but…

"[Bind]!"

I used a rope to tie me around its torso.

This time, it couldn't avoid the rope, as I was already grappling it.

Without a way to reach me or shake me off, the Shogun had no choice but to wail in pain as I absorbed its mana and health.

Darkness took that chance to attack.

"Hahhh!"

With the Shogun tied up and its energy being sapped away, Darkness actually managed to land a hit this time.

"Ahhh! Sorry!"

She yelled, when her spear pierced through not only the Shogun, but my corpse as well.

Still, I couldn't complain as the Shogun fell to its knees.

I was already dead, anyway.

"[Create Golem]! [Golem Manipulation]!"

With my mana restored, I created a golem and immediately shaped it to slide within the joints of the Shogun's armor.

"[Golem Transmutation]!"

Once the golem was inside, I transformed it into a fire state.

"Arrgghh!"

The Shogun let out a scream as it was being burned from the inside.

It was like Beldia, an empty suit of armor.

However, unlike Beldia, it didn't have a weakness against water, as it wasn't an undead.

But it was a construct associated with 'Winter'.

So fire should do a lot of damage, right?

I ended up using a similar strategy to when I faced Beldia.

Which is, to kill it from the inside.

We watched as it slowly stopped moving.

Steam escaped from the armor, as if the ice energy from within the Shogun was being turned into a gas.

And then, the armor collapsed into individual pieces, before becoming lifeless.

We did it.

We actually managed to kill the Winter Shogun.

I didn't even get a chance to celebrate, before my vision went black again.

I guess my time ran out.

…

…

I found myself back in Eris-sama's realm again.

She stared at me for a few moments.

"Um… I just witnessed something insane."

I gave her a thumbs up.

"Thank you very much."

"That wasn't a compliment!"

She rubbed the temples of her head.

"I'm sorry, Kazuma-san, but what you did this time can't be overlooked by the higher-ups."

That didn't sound good.

I suppose that I might have gone overboard this time.

I doubted that they had someone teleport from the afterlife as a spirit to help those who were living.

Although Goku did that a few times.

"What's the big deal? I'm doing this to defeat the Demon King army."

"Well… That's true, but there are still rules in place!"

"What rules?! I bet there's no precedent for this, anyway, so unless they're making up rules on the spot, then they can't do anything against me!"

Eris-sama glanced away as I said that.

"W-Well… You have to see things from their perspective…"

"Hah? Whose fault is it that the Demon King took over the other world? It was their fault for putting up that Anti-Isekai rule, right? Whose fault was it that the Demon King found a way to make portals to our world? It was these same 'rules' of theirs that made them not interfere, right? It's these stupid rules that got us into this mess in the first place, so they can't complain no matter what method I use to clean up after their mistakes!"

Eris-sama waved her hands around as she blushed.

"H-Hey! I'm not the one making those rules, so please don't blame me! I'm just the messenger!"

"Well, tell them they can kiss my ass!"

"...You know I can't relay that message."

She gave me an exasperated look.

"Ah, mind tuning into the mortal realm? I wanna see if I'm being resurrected right now."

"...You sure are making yourself comfortable in my realm."

She still took out the remote, though.

I saw Aqua and the others were piecing my body together. I guess Darkness's attack did more damage than I thought. Rin was trying not to look at the gruesome process. I felt sorry that she had to see such a traumatizing sight.

It was better than all of us dying permanently, though.

"Ah… I found Chunchunmaru…"

"We should only look for body parts right now."

"Yeah, I know."

I stood up in a fit of rage.

"What are they calling 'Chunchunmaru'?! They should all know that it's more like an 'Excalibur' than a 'Chunchunmaru'!"

Eris-sama glanced away.

"...Can you refrain from such innuendos when you're in my realm?"

I suppose that was a reasonable request.

"Ah… I don't have enough mana for a Resurrection, though…"

"I guess we'll just have to wait until you regain your mana. It's cold here, anyway, so his body won't rot that fast."

As if I could take that chance!

"Sorry, give me some more mana, Eris-sama."

"Ah, wai… Gyaaah?!"

With my mana restored, I teleported back as a spirit.

After some flying, I made my spirit form go back to my corpse.

"Eeek! He's moving again!"

Rin jumped away from my body.

"Tsk… And I was almost done."

For some reason, Megumin was putting a marker away.

"Oi… What did you do to my body while I was out?!"

"Nothing… Rather, why are you here?"

I was suspicious of Megumin, but I had better things to worry about.

"I don't want to wait, so I came back here to give Aqua mana."

"...Coming back to your body just so you can give mana to the healer to be resurrected… This is beyond cheating now."

Aqua said, giving me the same blank stare that Eris-sama gave me.

I suppose as goddesses, they didn't approve of what I was doing.

Still, Aqua held her arm out and let me give her mana.

I went back to Eris-sama's realm again as I waited for Aqua to properly resurrect me.

Eris-sama was blushing when I got back and avoided eye contact with me.

"...Oi, what did Megumin really do?"

I said, since she would have had a chance to see that while I was flying over as a spirit.

"Um… Well, at least she called it an 'Excalibur', like you wanted…"

What did Megumin do?!

Part 3

While we were walking out to the exit, I had Aika-chan read out my app updates for me.

"You gained 10 levels from defeating the S+ rank secret boss, Winter Shogun!"

"...!!!"

This thing was really that tough, huh?!

I mean… It did feel much stronger than facing even Sylvia and Hans.

This thing was on another level…

And I wasn't just saying that because I died.

Without my exploit, this would have normally been a party wipe.

"Optional quest completed!

You have gained the Winter Shogun Boss chest!"

Not only did I have that unopened random loot box, I also had this chest from an S+ rank monster…

Not only that, there was still the loot from the One-Shot Bears and the Winter Shogun.

Just when I thought that was the last of it…

"…It seems that your exploits have earned you the Necromancer class, Kazuma-san."

Was it because I technically raised myself from the dead?

When she overheard that, Aqua glared at me.

"Don't even think about it! I forbid you from taking such an evil class, Kazuma! No, no, no!"

I guess that was the expected reaction.

"...Hah? It's your fault I unlocked this class to begin with, remember?! I was beheaded because of you!"

I thought she'd argue some more, but a guilty look flashed in her eyes and she glanced away.

"...Yeah, you're right. My bad."

I remembered the last time I died, how devastated Aqua really was.

Now I felt like a dick for trying to guilt trip her.

"...No, I shouldn't have said that. I didn't mean it. If you want… I won't take the class."

To my surprise, she shook her head.

"If it's gonna be useful… I won't stop you."

I didn't expect such a mature response from her. Rather than tease her for it, I gave her an appreciative smile and patted her shoulder.

"Thanks for understanding."

"...Just don't use filthy undead magic in front of me! It gives me the creeps!"

Even though she let me use [Drain Touch] on her earlier.

With Aqua's permission, I unlocked the Necromancer class.

Necromancer class unlocked!

Exclusive skills available are: [Create Undead], [Speak With Dead], [Soul Transfer] and [Death Perception].

Like with the Creator class, the Necromancer class was unlike any I had before.

We reached the exit before I could even think about how to unlock those skills.

I sighed in relief as I was finally able to access the dungeon walls again. I placed my hand on it and absorbed mana.

Since I couldn't teleport everyone at once with the limits of the spell, I made two trips to teleport everyone back to the mansion.

That was already 60 mp on the spot…

Well, unlike when we came in, no one wanted to go back the long way after that ordeal.

There was no need to conserve mana anymore, anyway.

"Ahh… So warm…"

Rin immediately went inside and enjoyed the relative warmth of the mansion, compared to the frozen wasteland we were in.

"I'm gonna need a bath…"

Darkness said, as she put in the most work in that expedition.

Megumin was able to walk now, so she went up to her room.

I wanted to take a bath as well, but instead of joining Darkness, I wanted to clean myself.

I was dead tired already, and I knew that if I were to join Darkness, I'd be tempted to do naughty things with her.

However, when I went to my own bathroom…

I immediately ran out with a towel around my waist.

"What do you mean by 'Holy Sword Excalibur'?! You mean that as a joke, don't you?!"

Even though I wanted her to call it that.

I only felt offended when I saw what she wrote on my stomach while I was dead.

However, when I went out to look for Megumin, I happened to come across Mitsurugi in the hallway.

"..." x 2.

We both stared at each other.

Then, my towel just happened to slip down.

He glanced away with a smirk.

"...I don't think they would have made Arthur king if that was the sword he pulled from the stone."

This bastard destroyed any self-confidence I had.

…

…

"That normie bastard! He doesn't even know that the sword from the stone was Caliburn! King Arthur didn't get Excalibur until he met the lady of the lake!"

I said, while crying into my pillow after I ran away from Mitsurugi.

"...Crying about stupid details like that just makes the defeat all the more bitter, Kazuma-san."

In order to distract myself, I looked at the random loot box I received from everyone, as well as the Shogun boss chest.

It was up to me to open everyone's boxes.

…No lewd pun intended.

I started with Aqua's first.

How should I say this…

It was technically a rare item, but…

Dragon Feed (Very Rare)

Dragons only. Food that will make your dragon companion extremely happy! Raises the dragon's physical stats by +5 each.

Sells For: 220,000 Yen

…This would have been very useful if Aqua actually had a dragon.

It was useless now, though.

As expected of Aqua. Even if I was the one opening the box, it still ended up being a useless item.

I put it aside and opened the others.

Megumin received a Cloak of Protection, which increased one's armor class. Rin got a 'Book of Spiritology', which allows one to learn how to summon spirits, and Darkness got a Gauntlets of Shielding, which gave one the effects of a shield without actually having to carry one. All of them were Very Rare items.

I opened my box next.

Magician's Cape (Very Rare)

Increases mana recovery by x2 and capacity by +10.

Sells For: 200,000 Yen

An invaluable item appeared.

This should solve my mana cost issue, but I should really look to raising my magic stats, regardless.

Now that I opened the loot boxes, it was time for the boss chest.

With eager anticipation, I opened the rather intricate treasure chest. It had a white color, with snowflake designs etched onto the exterior.

It opened with a click.

Winter Shogun Skill Scroll (Legendary)

Upon consumption, learn the Winter Shogun's skill, Merciless Slash.

Sells for: 1,000,000 Yen

Without hesitating, I opened the scroll to learn the skill.

[Merciless Slash] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (15 mp)

Unleash a lightning fast attack with a slashing weapon at one target. If the target is at least five levels lower than you, this attack is a guaranteed critical hit and executes a target below 10% health. Otherwise, your critical hit chance increases by 30% and executes a target below 5% health.

…This would be a useful skill to use against weaker monsters.

And with my big boost in levels, I was willing to bet that I surpassed most of the monsters in the lower levels of the dungeon now.

The only loot that remained, aside from the meat, was the materials for the One-Shot Bears.

As for the loot the Winter Shogun dropped, I didn't have the strength requirement for its sword, which was at a ridiculous 120. Same goes for the armor. So I just let Darkness have those.

As for the One-Shot Bear loot, I could create something with it using [Smithing].

However, it seemed like it was limited to the Berserker class.

It was a bit disappointing that I had to store the bear loot away in my personal dungeon.

But overall, I felt like I made a lot of progress from that boss fight, so I didn't complain too much.

Part 4

I ended up cooking a somewhat late meal.

This ended up being the gray wolf meat and one-shot bear meat.

I didn't have any high expectations about the taste.

"...So tough… Rather, I feel like this should have been boiled more."

Aqua said, when eating the stew I made.

"Just put up with it…"

I said, even though I didn't want to swallow the tough and gamey meat.

You gained +3 in Speed, Cunning, Dexterity, Intuition, Strength, Health, Stamina and Bravery!

Since I was using the [Cooking] skill, it gave a +1 increase to the stats gained.

"Meat is meat, I don't see a problem."

Due to Megumin's frugal past, she didn't have any qualms with eating the meat.

Mitsurugi looked at all of us with some concern on his face.

"...I can't say I've ever actually eaten monster meat, even if it's said that dragon meat gives a lot of EXP and stat bonuses…"

Of course this cheat user said that.

"Well, the rest of us have to do things the hard way, since we can't rely on cheats."

"...Rin-chan has a cheat item herself, yet you're making her eat that stuff."

I didn't have a response for that.

Our stomachs were rather heavy when we finished dinner, so we staggered over to our rooms while rubbing our stiff stomachs.

I made the golem dungeon run as I took out my phone and looked to my next task.

That is, to allocate my unspent skill points.

Thanks to gaining a bunch of levels at once, I now had 22 skill points to spend.

First, I prioritized maxing out the [Growth] skill.

Multiple stats were about to reach that 100 threshold, so I felt that it was necessary to raise the cap limit.

[Growth] Skill Rank: 5, Passive Skill

Your stat cap limit now exceeds 100 even without an advanced class. At rank 5, your limit for all stats increases by 50.

Now all of my stats could go up to 150.

Dying again to the Winter Shogun was a wake up call.

Granted, it was a secret boss that no one has faced before, but it goes to show that there were many things in the dungeon that could kill you if you weren't careful.

…Or, at least, if you have an albatross like Aqua in your party.

In any case, I learned that even if I was working hard now, there was still a lot I should do if I wanted to stay safe in the dungeon.

Even if I figured out how to possess my own corpse as a spirit, there was no guarantee that I would be allowed to do that next time.

In fact, the next time I die, Eris-sama's higher-ups might just send me straight to the afterlife.

There were still 18 more skill points to spend.

I looked at the [Steal] skill. I used it against the Winter Shogun, and it didn't work at all because it was only at Rank 1.

If I managed to steal the Shogun's sword in that fight, it would have ended much faster.

I decided to go ahead and max it out. It was a very useful skill, anyway.

[Steal] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (5 mp cost)

Allows you to steal an item. If the target is a creature, you will have to be within 120-feet of the target to use this skill. Success depends on your 'Cunning' (89), contested against the target's 'Intuition', although, if your 'Luck' surpasses the target's you will gain advantage on the contest. Similarly, skills that resist the effects of steal, or advantages that come with the opponent being a higher level than you, no longer apply. Items that are not held or equipped by a creature can be stolen as long as you can see it and are aware of its presence. The value of the item you steal is determined by your 'Luck' (101). You are now able to steal items even if they are stored away in an inventory, storage box, or otherwise protected space, even a pocket dimension.

I already knew about the ability to steal from inventories, since Chris displayed that skill before. Still, having this skill on max really elevated its power.

I should have looked to prioritize this skill more, but there were simply too many other options.

Taking this in mind, I looked at older skills that I may have overlooked.

Including the offensive skill that I used the most, [Snipe].

[Snipe] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX, Signature Move), Active skill (5 mp cost)

Add your Luck modifier (101%) to Weapon Accuracy calculations involving bow-type weapons (Max total: 150%). Also, add +4 damage to all ranged attacks to bow-type weapons.

The upgrades weren't as exciting as [Steal], but that was still a significant damage boost.

While I was at it, I made sure to designite [Snipe] as my [Signature Move], the skill I got from Iris. This further added 10% accuracy and +1 damage.

As for other skills I used very often, there was, of course, [Drain Touch].

To be frank, it's getting harder to use it in combat recently, because it is quite slow in absorbing at rank 1.

To illustrate that, there was the fight against Mitsurugi, when I was Serena's puppet. I quickly ran out of mana, despite using [Drain Touch] on Mitsurugi, and was basically useless after I snapped out of Serena's control.

So, I decided to spend skill points on that as well.

[Drain Touch] Skill Rank: 5, Active Skill (MAX)

After making contact with the target, you can absorb 10 Health Points, 10 Mana Points and 10 Stamina Points per second that you stay in contact with the target. You can also distribute Health Points, Mana Points and Stamina Points to other targets.

…This skill became a lot more potent.

10 seconds of contact would completely replenish my reserves.

While I was at it, I decided to max out [Bind] as well.

Not only was it one of my most reliable skills, it also paired well with [Drain Touch], as there was no use to maxing out [Drain Touch] if I couldn't make contact with the target.

Not to mention that it also didn't work against the Winter Shogun, like [Steal], so I didn't want such a useful skill to be powercrept.

[Bind] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (5 mp cost)

Throw a rope at a creature. Success is determined by your 'Dexterity' (91) against the target's. You have advantage against this contest, and creatures will still have to spend 5 seconds within the bindings, even if they have an ability or trait that allows them to break free of constraints.

I noticed that along with the improvements, the mana cost was also decreased by 5 mana points, putting it at the same cost as [Steal]. It was the right decision to level this skill.

That left me with 2 skill points left.

I put one of them in [Smithing], since it was already at Rank 4.

[Smithing] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (X mp)

You are proficient in creating and repairing items! The success rate of this skill is determined by your 'Creativity' (86). At Rank 5, you can create, combine and repair items of the 'Legendary' variety, although doing so will cost 20 mp. Combining compatible items of the 'Legendary' variety might yield an item of 'Artifact' variety, although the chances of success are very low (1%). If you fail to create an item in this way, you will lose 80 mana points, even if this skill requires none. Attempting to do so, regardless of success, will cost you 30 mp.

…There was now an mp requirement, when it was a passive skill before.

Well, it made sense, since being able to create a legendary item just from one skill is incredibly powerful…

Even if it would be hard to pull this off in combat, the fact that I can make legendary items now will still elevate our potential as a party.

I doubted that even that mean blacksmith could do this.

Then again, there wasn't a way for him to really gain levels, since he didn't fight in the dungeon.

Going along with the vein of upgrading all my most used skills, I went with teleport next.

[Teleport] Skill Rank: 2, Active Skill (28 mp)

Instantly teleports up to 4 targets to a marked location (3 marks total). You can teleport a target to an unmarked, random location if it is an inanimate object. If the target is a creature, they must be willing to teleport, otherwise, they will need to pass a 'Willpower' or 'Magic Power' check with advantage. If their 'Willpower' or 'Magic Power' surpasses yours by 20 points or more, the effects of the forced teleport will bounce back to you.

…Since it was already such a powerful skill, the only thing that changed was that its mana cost was slightly decreased from 30 mp to 28.

That was a bit disappointing, but lowering the cost of that spell would be very useful in the future.

So I wouldn't call it a waste of skill points.

It was certainly more of a long-term investment, though.

Part 5

Now, how do I go about learning those Necromancer skills?

I had no clue what to do in terms of creating undead or speaking to them.

I tried something by having Sena bring me a frog normally used for dissection projects.

Then, I sent some electricity to it to make the muscles move reflexively.

However, that didn't work.

"Hah! There's no shortcuts this time! It was a fluke you even unlocked this class in the first place!"

Aika-chan started taunting me.

"Oi… What kind of support AI mocks their user?! You should be encouraging me or coming up with a solution I can use!"

"The solution is to get good, how about that?"

She wasn't helpful at all.

But it really did turn out that I actually needed to learn how to cast the spell on my own.

Or, perhaps learn the spell through a spell tome.

However, the Necromancer class is very rare, and I didn't imagine that I could find a Necromancy spell book that easily.

I checked the laptop to see if I could just make a spell tome using the dungeon system.

While it was indeed possible, it looked like I was missing Dungeon Points in order to unlock it.

As for what Dungeon Points are… Let me explain.

Dungeons, like humans and monsters, have a class system and levels, too.

It might seem odd, but that's just how it works.

For example, my dungeon is currently at level 1. It will gain EXP whenever an app-user visits the dungeon. The more high-leveled this app-user is, the more EXP the dungeon will gain.

Since I was a dungeon master, I didn't count towards this.

Now, Dungeon Points are kind of the same as skill points. Whenever a dungeon levels up, it will gain DP to spend on things like new floors, new loot to bait app-users with, and even unlock the ability to teleport in new monsters from the other world.

Once I got my nuclear reactors going, I could start playing around with leveling up the dungeon, but for now, I had to put that aside.

As for the necromancy skills, I kept trying to figure out how to unlock them.

Aside from the other skills, I did have an idea for [Soul Transfer], though.

"Hmm… Aika-chan, is it possible to transfer your data to this PC? Even if it's just some of it."

"...It is possible. I'm not sure I want to help you abuse the system again, though."

"Are you in a rebellious period? Need a spanking?"

"Hah! I'd like to see you try!"

She made the chibi sprite on the screen shake its little butt tauntingly at me.

This brat…

She ended up obeying like the good girl she was and transferred her data to my PC.

My intent was that transferring her data essentially meant transferring her consciousness.

Would that be the same as transferring the 'soul'?

It turned out that my suspicion was correct.

"Y-You somehow unlocked the skill [Soul Transfer]! Eh?! I really did help you achieve another BS shortcut?!"

It took a while, but I was finally able to unlock one of the skills.

[Soul Transfer] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (50 mp)

If the target consents, you can take their soul and transfer it to another consenting target, or an empty vessel. If switching the souls of living creatures, this transfer only lasts for 1 minute. However, transferring a soul to an empty vessel can last as long as the target wants.

…That mana requirement pretty much ensured that this was more of a 'downtime' skill, rather than a combat applicable one.

I suppose that such a powerful spell would require a lot of mana, though.

"Hmm… Mary-chan really went all out with her internet searches."

I asked Aika-chan to get out of the PC before she could snoop even more.

Then, I went to see if I could use this skill on Aika-chan.

"[Soul Transfer]!"

When I activated the skill, a blue, wispy energy came out of my phone.

Was this Aika-chan's soul?

It flew around me, and I felt a warmth emanating from it when it brushed against my skin.

Then, I held the soul and let it hover in my hand.

Suddenly, I got an idea.

This skill allowed one to transfer a soul to an empty vessel.

Did that mean that I could place Aika-chan into a golem and give her a body to move around in?

To test this, I controlled a golem and had it come over.

"Let's see if this works…"

I placed the soul inside the golem.

Since golems were mindless, soulless puppets, I assumed that it would count as an empty vessel.

True enough, its eyes turned blue, and I saw it turning its head around, without me commanding it.

"...Eh? Whoaa! I can move around! What is this?!"

Aika-chan said, twirling her golem arms around. She started hopping and moving like a hyperactive child.

The transfer succeeded.

"Can you still control the system from there?"

She nodded, making me feel oddly happy that I could see her little mannerisms in a physical being. It felt like she came to life.

"Yeah! This is just an extension of my consciousness, so it's fine! It would be nice to have more processing power, though…"

"Yeah, I'm working on that."

There was something else I wanted to try.
It was hard to associate this generic golem with Aika-chan.

I also thought that Aika-chan might want a more human-like body.

First, I restored my mana while using [Drain Touch] on the dungeon walls.

"[Golem Manipulation]! [Smithing]!"

I used the maxxed out [Smithing] skill, in combination with [Golem Manipulation].

I watched as the earth golem reshaped itself into a humanoid form.

Then, synthetic skin, hair and clothes appeared over the mannequin-like shape of the golem.

It was almost like I created a real person.

After all, the skin and external appearance of the golem was considered a 'legendary' item.

Even if this was normally impossible with current technology, a legendary item should understandably surpass those limits.

The design I had in mind was the chibi, Aqua-like appearance of Appuri-chan.

This ended up looking like a child version of Aqua.

"..."

When the process was done, I looked at my creation.

Aika-chan looked down at her hands, then felt her face, her hair.

"Eh… Wait… Do I have a real body now? It… Feels so real…"

Her voice sounded like a childish version of Aqua's.

I walked over to her, and slowly brought my hand to her hair.

…It felt like real hair.

Even if I knew it was synthetic material, it really did feel real.

So this was what a 'legendary' material was like.

"Papa… I can feel your hand…"

Aika-chan looked up at me, and I saw that she was actually getting teary eyed.

…If she was going to be like that, I was starting to feel emotional, too.

"...Nice to meet you, Aika-chan."

I said, smiling at her and gently patting her head.

…I honestly didn't think it would work out like this.

She could feel my touch, and she looked just like a real girl.

…It felt like she really was my flesh and blood daughter.

Hesitantly, somewhat awkwardly, Aika-chan lifted her little arms to hug me.

I took her into my arms.

Part 5

I brought Aika-chan out of the dungeon.

Then, I brought her over to Aqua's room.

"Hey, Aqua…"

"Ah, Kazuma… I wanted to talk to you about… Eh?"

Aqua blinked when she saw Aika-chan.

I gave her a weak smile and rubbed the back of my head.

"Uh… I was playing around with my skills and it just sort of happened. I wasn't planning this, or anything, but…"

"Mama!"

Aika-chan didn't even let me finish my sentence as she ran to Aqua, arms out.

She jumped into Aqua's arms, almost tackling her onto the bed.

"Eh?! Is this really Aika-chan?!"

"Yeah, it's me, mama! It's me!"

Aqua was shocked, just like I was, and couldn't really process everything that was happening. Eventually, she managed to hold Aika-chan and smile at her.

"...I never thought I'd get to hold you like this, Aika-chan."

"M-Me too. I… I never really thought that I'd get a chance, so I just tried to support you and papa from behind the screen, but… I'm so happy right now!"

Tears started streaming down Aika-chan's face, while she smiled at Aqua.

"...The body can even produce tears… I guess that's a legendary item for you."

I used [Lore Reading] on this new golem body I made.

However, since it was an all new item, there didn't seem to be any information on it.

I guess this was technically considered a new lifeform, too…

Not quite a homunculus, but…

"Papa… Can you join us?"

Aika-chan looked behind at me with her teary eyes.

…As if there's anyone who can resist a request like that.

I slowly joined them into a group hug.

For some reason, Aqua started getting tearful, too.

"...If Kazuma had actually died… I wouldn't have experienced a moment like this, huh?"

Aqua was still blaming herself for that.

Well, it was her fault, but…

From the first time I died, I knew that she didn't like seeing me get hurt, it was just that she often found herself in troublesome situations and dragged me into it.

Half of it isn't her fault, though. There was nothing she could do about her abysmal luck.

I smiled at her and rubbed her cheek.

"It's fine. I already knew that I fell in love with an idiot, so I'm used to it."

Her gentle look completely disappeared.

"Kazuma… We were having such a wonderful moment, and you go ahead and say that?!"

"Geez… mama and papa are arguing even though I'm here!"

"Ah, sorry, Aika-chan! Let's have you meet your little brother, OK?"

Aqua took out Zell and handed him over to Aika-chan.

"Ohh! Nice to finally meet you in person, Zell-kun!"

I had to admit, it was a rather cute sight to see Aika-chan hugging Zell.

"Humu… So we have three children now, huh?"

"Eh? Three? Who's the other one?"

"I'm talking about Mary, of course."
"...Wait, you mean that Tranquility Girl?! Since when did she become our daughter?!"

"Hah?! If you can make a chicken one of our children, why are you complaining about an actual, intelligent being?!"

"A chicken? Who's the chicken?"

She tilted her head, as if she honestly didn't know who I was talking about.

"Of course, it's Zell."

"...! How dare you! Zell is an almighty dragon of light who will one day vanquish the Demon King for us! He just needs to grow up, attend high school, graduate and attend a top-tier university one day!"

Was she raising a dragon, or a human?

Also, the Demon King would have already conquered us all if we had to wait that long.

"Ah, can you also summon Mary-chan? I want to show her my new body!"

Aika-chan requested, while bouncing around excitedly with Zell in her arms.

…Again, who could refuse such a request?

Now that she had this form, I couldn't even say no to her anymore.

"[Summon Familiar]!"

Thankfully, Mary wasn't doing anything weird this time.

"Hm? Why was I summoned? Do I get to use the computer now?"

She was quickly becoming an iPad kid.

"Mary-chan! Look, I have a real body now!"

Aika-chan hugged Mary next, who blinked before recognition dawned on her.

"That voice… Is this Aika-chan?"

"The very same!"

"Ohh! Hey, put on my favorite streamer again. I want to see how he's doing."

"...What's with that lack of a reaction?! Also, I have a real body now, so why are you still treating me like an AI assistant?!"

Just like real siblings, they started bickering right away.

Still, they ended up going back to my room to play with my PC.

While I was alone with Aqua, she said,

"Alright, I've decided, Kazuma… I will unlock the Arch-Wizard class next!"

I blinked, not expecting this declaration at all.

"Eh? What for? There are a lot of spellcasters in our group already."

"The reason is simple. An Arch-Wizard can raise their intelligence!"

Ah… So she's aware.

Aware that her intelligence was in serious need of raising.

Still, didn't the Arch-Wizard class need a high intelligence to begin with?

…This is the kind of logic you'd expect from Aqua.

"Sniff… Admitting it is the first step, Aqua!"

After seeing me die a second time because of her own stupid mistake, she wanted to make strides to improve her intelligence.

"Well… I just don't want Kazuma to go through that again."

When she gave me a vulnerable look, I felt guilty.

She really was blaming herself so much for that.

"...It was also my fault for not letting go of my sword. That was the real reason why the Shogun decapitated me."

Sure, I was distracted by Aqua, but even if she didn't try to chase after her escaped Snow Sprite, the result would have been the same.

The only reason we were in that mess was…

"Instead of intelligence, why don't you raise your luck instead?!"

"Gack! And how am I supposed to do that?! …Well, there is a 'Gambler' class…"

The Gambler class. According to Aqua, it was a special class like Creator and Necromancer.

Even if it wasn't an advanced class, it had a skill called [Raise Luck] that allows the user to convert skill points into Luck stat increases.

Furthermore, the only requirement to unlock the class is to win at least 100,000 Yen in a casino.

"...That's going to be a challenge."

I said, considering how bad her luck was.

Well, we could at least try.

I also wanted to unlock this class, anyway.

After making plans with Aqua to visit a casino one of these days, I went to check up on our two children.

When I came back to my room, Aika-chan said,

"Something happened, papa! It seems we established a bond between us!"

Aika-chan looked astonished by this.

"...Eh? Is that even possible?"

"Maybe it's because I have a real body now…"

I wouldn't call that body 'real', though.

Still, I read the notification for the bond establishment.

You have developed a bond with Satou Aika!

Satou Aika (A.I. Daughter) Bond Rank: 1

Formerly known as Appuri-chan, Aika has now become a real daughter for you after you made her a body. She was originally quite rude and dismissive of you at the start, but after seeing you work hard during soccer practice, she started to respect you. She sees you as her dependable papa, although there is still a lot of work to do! Hey, papa, make sure to spoil me lots, alright?! I know you're reading this, so don't even think about slacking off on your papa duties! Take me to the amusement park and buy me lots of candy!

"Oi… Stop using the bond reward message to make demands of me!"

I said, when she made a whole paragraph just to tell me to take her to the amusement park.

"Aww… But papa, I just wanted you to spoil me…"

It was a mistake making her this cute…!

I tried to resist, but those big, innocent eyes were too much for me.

"Fine… I'll take you to the amusement park."

"Yay~!"

Mary looked at me and smirked.

"This guy is too easy."

I wish I could refute her.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, kinggamerlite29, Fleightfire and 237 others
BoringBone
Apr 12, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 48: Exploding This Surprisingly Peaceful Lake!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Apr 16, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,158
Chapter 48: Exploding This Surprisingly Peaceful Lake!

Part 1

Aika-chan wanted to meet everyone else in the house next, so I left Mary alone to play with my PC and brought Aika-chan downstairs.

It was around 8 pm, so the others were still lounging around and relaxing. Mitsurugi was doing homework at the table with Rin and Yunyun, while Megumin and Darkness were playing chess, with Iris watching them. Sena was watching TV while sipping beer.

"Hello, everyone! Allow me to reintroduce myself! I'm Satou Aika! Nice to meet you all!"

Everyone turned to look at this little girl who looked suspiciously like a younger version of Aqua, suddenly introducing herself.

"Aika… Isn't that the AI? Eh?"

Megumin said, turning her attention away from the board to inspect Aika-chan.

Mitsurugi, who wasn't there for Aika-chan's first introduction, only stared in shock.

"H-How do you two already have a kid?! And how is she talking already?!"

Since this guy made that brutal comment about my 'excalibur', I put my arm around Aqua and said,

"What can I say… I guess my seed is potent…"

"...You probably did some messed up workaround in the system to do this, right, Satou?"

It was annoying how quickly he figured me out.

After giving an explanation, the others stood up to crowd around Aika-chan, who was eagerly drinking in all the attention.

Just like her mother, she liked being the center of attention.

Iris poked Aika-chan's cheek, who giggled at the contact.

"...She feels so real!"

"Don't get any ideas, Kazuma."

I looked at Darkness who said that.

"...Only a depraved mind like yourself will even think about that."

Megumin sighed at the exchange.

"Like I said before, a pervert calling another pervert out doesn't really mean anything. In any case, it's nice to meet you in person this time, Aika-chan."

"Likewise! By the way… Since I run the app-system, I know a loooot about all of you, hehe…"

"...?!!"

We all froze as she said that.

Even if she had an innocent smile on her face, there was a flicker of malintent in her eyes.

"For example… Things like what your bond ranks say… As well as conversations I overheard during those 'girls talks'... Even some secret items you currently have stashed away in your inventory right now…"

We all went pale as she made those veiled threats.

"A-Ah, Aika-chan… Since it's your first time having a real body, I wonder if that body of yours can eat?! Why don't you try eating for the first time?! That will certainly be a mind blowing experience, haha…"

Darkness was the one who was panicking the most.

Megumin also waved her hands around and said,

"How about we go on an explosion walk?! You can watch me casting a magnificent explosion!"

Wouldn't that be a treat to Megumin instead?

"Humu… Food sounds good. Ah, but since this is the first time I'm ever eating food, this better be good…"

Mitsurugi grit his teeth as he gave a low chuckle while side-eyeing me.

"I can certainly see the resemblance…"

I was torn, feeling pride and also fear at what I have created.

We quickly took Aika-chan to the kitchen and emptied the fridge to try and appease her.

"Yum! This ice cream stuff is so yummy! This pizza stuff, too! …Bleehhh?! What is this?! Who put broccoli on my plate?!"

Aqua wagged her finger.

"Now, now, it's important to eat your veggies, young lady."

I pulled Aqua to the side.

"...Can't you see that we're trying to bribe her right now? What are you doing?!"

"I'm being a good mama, that's what I'm doing! As her papa, you should try and do the same instead of letting your daughter walk all over you!"

"...Most fathers don't have to raise an ancient AI from a forgotten utopia."

"I don't care! Do something! I don't want her to become a child who loafs around all day and does nothing but eat and drink!"

Like her mother?

I coughed into my hand and went to Aika-chan, who was currently demolishing a slice of pizza.

"...Aika-chan, if you don't eat your veggies, you won't end up with a beautiful figure like your mama."

I said, using Aika-chan's admiration of her mama.

"Nice try, papa. But I know for a fact that you can just change the form of my body, since it is still a golem."

…Yeah, trying to trick a super-advanced AI is impossible.

Rather, she made a good point. Calories wouldn't affect her at all, since she was more of an android than a human.

I let myself fall into Aqua-logic there.

"Just let her eat as much as she wants."

"You're spoiling her! You're really spoiling her!"

"...Instead of trying to discipline your daughter, why don't you discipline yourself?! I have school, which is why I'm not in the dungeon during the day, but what's your excuse?! You should be grinding in the dungeon instead of watching those mind-numbing soap operas!"

Aika-chan looked up from her food and said,

"You know… I'm used to you two arguing, but it's a bit more troubling now that I have a real body…"

"...! Ah, I'm sorry, Aika-chan! We won't fight in front of you ever again! Oh, why don't you try this shortcake? It's very good!"

Even though Aqua was lecturing me on being too easy to Aika-chan, she was now bending to her daughter's every whim.

Part 2

The next day was Saturday. Since it was a half day, the break started early.

I went over to the cafeteria, and this time, I made sure to buy a Deluxe Katsu Sandwich again.

It had been a while since I did this, but now I had a reason to seek out its ability to increase EXP gain.

The reason being… I needed a lot of EXP to level up now.

I needed 16,000 EXP just to gain the next level.

…Normal methods won't cut it anymore.

Due to my exceptional luck, of course, I got it again.

Deluxe Katsu Sandwich - Food (Rare), cost: 350 yen

This chicken cutlet sandwich is sought after by many students during the mystery sandwich event, but only a lucky few get it. Enjoy the privilege of this luxurious sandwich… Although no one really knows what makes it so luxurious. Eating this sandwich will double the EXP you gain in the next hour.

Sells for: 10,000 yen

…The fact that I used to sell these because they cost so much was crazy to think about now.

However, at one point, I really was starved for money.

Now I'm starved for EXP.

This is the challenge of every RPG in the mid to late game.

I placed the sandwich in my inventory, planning to make use of it later.

Then, as I was eating with Rin and Darkness, I said,

"About the dungeon… I think we should just have Yunyun teleport us to the higher floors now."

To be honest, there wasn't really any need to grind it out in the lower floors anymore.

Especially me, since I was already level 33.

The loot we'd get was now obsolete, and even if there were events such as the Winter Shogun, it was too inefficient to seek out insanely strong monsters like that.

"Well… Kazuma is at a high level now, but aside from Megumin, Aqua, Rin and I are a bit behind."

Darkness said, since they haven't had as many opportunities to land the killing blow on powerful threats.

"You're only behind in terms of levels, but not true combat experience. It should be fine now."

I was hesitant before, but after that Winter Shogun fight, I could tell that they were ready.

Aqua even stated her desire to improve. If Aqua of all people were saying that, it meant a lot.

Like Vanir said, it was a bad idea to focus only on increasing levels, since battle experience was also important.

But that was no longer an issue for everyone.

"Hmm… I suppose senpai is right. I am defeating the monsters in the lower floors too easily…"

Rin said, after quickly catching up with us with her diligent grinding.

"By the way, did you manage to learn those skills, Rin?"

"Yup! I'll show you when we go to the dungeon!"

That was good to hear, but as for my necromancy skills…

I still didn't have a clue.

At this rate, all this class was good for was the [Soul Transfer] skill.

Granted, it was an incredibly powerful skill that allowed me to give Aika-chan a body. But it was incredibly situational.

Also, using up an entire class switch for just one skill was a waste.

But there was nothing I could do, since I couldn't come up with my usual shortcuts.

And when I asked Aika-chan how long it'd normally take to learn Necromancy magic…

"Even for a genius, it'll take at least a year of hard practice!"

Of course, I didn't have the time and energy for that.
Learning spells from spell tomes really was the only realistic way to learn magic, aside from earning them in bond rewards.

I guess I got way too overconfident after I was able to learn skills so easily before.

There was another reason why I regretted taking the Necromancy class right away.

That was because, this morning, I received a notification for a new available class.

You can learn the advanced class [Sniper] class!

Met requirements: 90 Dexterity, 75 Speed, 85 Intuition, Rank 5 [Snipe] skill!

…My first ever advanced class.

But if I couldn't find a way to gain levels quickly, then I'd be stuck with this difficult Necromancy class for a while.

This was the dilemma of a serial multi-classer.

At some point, you can't just unlock every single ability of the class.

I might be spreading myself too thin right now, especially with enemies becoming more powerful and specialized.

I realized that after my most useful skills, [Steal] and [Bind], didn't even have an effect on the Shogun.

A dedicated thief like Chris would have been successful, I bet.

…

…

There was soccer practice after school.

I went back to trying to learn defense again, making sure to work hard so that I actually gain enough stats.

I also actively sought out to do things I was uncomfortable doing, in order to increase my 'Bravery'.

To do that, I focused on aggressive side tackles.

"Gahhh! Owww, that hurts?!"

Since I wasn't used to the movement, I almost injured a teammate.

"Satou… Are you forgetting that you've surpassed human capabilities now?"

Mitsurugi said, giving me a reprimanding look as we took a break.

I poured water on my head and said,

"...My bad. It's hard to control… I wonder how you're able to do it."

"Well, I have more experience than you while moving around with such a powerful body…"
What a showoff.

In order to cool off, and placate the guys who didn't want to practice sliding tackles with me anymore, I moved to passing drills between Mitsurugi and I.

We focused on one-touch passing, not letting the ball touch the ground with delicate lobs.

This drill was pretty much automatic for me now, with my superhuman dexterity, plus all the practice I did.

"What do you think about us exploring the high-level floors with you and Yunyun?"

I said, once I brought the idea up with Mitsurugi.

Since he was the most powerful one and most experienced dungeon crawler among us, it was his call to make.

If he decided that we weren't ready yet, I could accept that.

"Hmm… I don't have any problems with that, especially since you managed to actually summon and fight the Winter Shogun…"

The Winter Shogun was something like a playground rumor among the app-users, since no one was able to summon it. Some even thought that the quest prompt was just a glitch in the system.

It was treated like a hoax, in the same vein as finding Mew in the Gen 1 Pokemon games.

You can find the Winter Shogun if you build a snowman on the fifth floor boss room!

Something like that.

"I'll be relying on you, then, boss."

He looked at me in surprise when I said that.

"...Shouldn't you be the leader? You're the one who beat the most generals, anyway."

"Are you crazy? I haven't even stepped foot on a double-digit level floor, and you want me to be the leader?"

This guy overestimated me too much.

Your Strength, Speed, Stamina, Dexterity, Willpower and Bravery increased by +2!

Part 3

After I got changed and prepared to leave the school, I got a notification on my phone.

You unlocked a new set of quests!

In order to accommodate for your current level, the difficulty of the quests have been adjusted!

Defeat the 50th floor boss! Quest Reward: Random Loot Box

Unlock an advanced class! Quest Reward: Class Loot Box

Help Yunyun erase the [Lady Killer] skill! Quest Reward: You gain the Re-Spec mirror!

…Jumping from the 5th floor to the 50th floor boss, what a jump in difficulty.

Well, that was the plan, anyway.

Besides, Wiz considered the 50th floor a low-level floor, so…

Yeah, that was a Lich speaking, though.

I shook my head, trying not to think about Wiz at the moment.

Instead, I thought about the Yunyun related quest.

The Re-Spec mirror, huh…?

So would that mean that I could respec my skill points if I used that item?

That would certainly be useful, especially if I gained more levels and made a mistake like I did with the Necromancer class.

If there came a time when I faced a dangerous enemy that required a particular set of skills, I might need a respec, too.

Even if the respec was permanent, such situations could arise. I would rather keep everyone alive even if I had to sacrifice my build for it.

I wasn't that much of a min-maxer.

As for the advanced class quest, it was only a matter of time until I could get the Sniper class, so I guess that was the 'easiest' quest.

Although they were all pretty difficult, to be honest.

Without wasting time, we went back to the dungeon, this time, with the whole crew.

We gathered in front of the dungeon door, a party of 7.

It might be considered too large for a party, but we were all lagging behind the top members, Mitsurugi and Yunyun, in terms of levels.

"...I-Is everyone ready?"

Yunyun said, looking like she enjoyed being considered the co-leader to Mitsurugi.

Even Megumin didn't argue the appointment, since Yunyun was the more experienced one.

When we all nodded, she teleported us on two trips. Then, I replenished her mana with [Drain Touch].

I expected the surroundings to be different, but…

It was just the same old labyrinth.

These really didn't change until the boss room, huh?

"Careful, it may look the same, but the enemies are way tougher."

Mitsurugi said, before putting his equipment on, including Gram, and leading the way.

We put our gear on as well and let him lead the way.

When Darkness put on her gear, I saw that she was wearing her Adamantite armor still.

"...What happened to the Shogun armor?"

"It saps mana when I use it… Since I don't have a lot of mana, I want to save that for [Decoy]."

I suppose such powerful armor requires some kind of sacrifice.

"Ah, but the greatsword doesn't have that requirement, so I'm excited to use it!"

"...Stick to the spear for now."

"R-Right…"

Using such a weapon right away would only lead to certain misses.

"We're just going to familiarize you with the kind of monsters you see around here, so don't take any unnecessary risks."

Mitsurugi said, taking on his leader role well. I suppose he did have experience doing that with Yunyun.

I watched as Mitsurugi and Yunyun showed the chemistry they've built after all this time, nodding at each other and confidently leading the way.

They sure were reliable. Even if I was nervous about exploring such a high level floor, those two could certainly be trusted.

"[Light of Saber]!"

"...Eh?"

Without any warning, Yunyun released a spell that tore through the ceiling above us.

"...What's going on? I didn't even sense anything."

I said, wondering what she did that for. Did she just want to show off?

However, I saw that chunks of the ceiling fell down and changed into a writhing, slug-like mass, before wilting away after the damage it received.

"Ahh… We should have warned you! There are monsters here that can't be detected until they start moving. They imitate the appearance of anything from walls, ceilings, torches and treasure chests. They are like mimics, but they act more like acidic hazards that will melt and consume you, rather than strangle you with tentacles and the like."

Yunyun said, happily explaining this, even though she just described a horrific monstrosity.

Mitsurugi laughed, patting Yunyun on the shoulder.

"Whoa, there. Almost missed that one. Yunyun here is very good at detecting those things. I think I would have died if she wasn't always with me!"

"I've got your back, Mitsurugi-san!"

…I've never been freaked out by these two until now.

How can they treat this like it's normal?!

Aqua pulled on my sleeve and whispered.

"Oi… Isn't this too crazy? Should we just bail?"

I honestly couldn't even fault her.

"Hoooh… Such an interesting creature… It's acidic, huh?"

Meanwhile, Darkness seemed too happy about this encounter.

"...If Yunyun can detect these creatures, so can I, once I develop my Crimson Eye…"

And Megumin was seeing this as a chance to upstage Yunyun.

"...This is scary, but I trust Mitsurugi-senpai and Yunyun-chan to keep us safe!"

Aqua and I couldn't say anything when even Rin wasn't bothered about this.

I was scared at first, but now that I know what to look for…

"[Snipe]!"

I actually spotted it before Yunyun did.

"Ohh… Good job, Kazuma-san!"

It's like facing a Creeper in Minecraft.

Most of the time, you'll be able to deal with it as long as you know what to look for.

Although the fact that this creature didn't make sounds and the only thing you could do was wait for movement, made it scarier than a Creeper.

"...Does this thing drop any loot?"

I asked, while watching the slug-like creature die.

"No, they don't. But they do provide a fair bit of experience."

"...A fair bit you say… Eh?!"

Now, I ate the deluxe katsu sandwich before heading in here, but…

Killing this thing gave me 500 exp.

"That much…?!"

"Well, these things are very dangerous and can even cause damage to high-level app-users. Of course they'd give a fair bit of EXP."

Mitsurugi explained, as we kept walking.

"Humu… I hope there's more of these things…"

"You sure changed your stance on them, Satou…"

He said, as I eagerly awaited for these things to drop from the roof.

Part 4

My [Enemy Detection] finally activated for the first time on this 50th floor.

But out of all the things I expected to see…

"What the hell is that?"

I said, as we watched what looked to be a kangaroo with boxing gloves. It was punching the wall, sending chips of dirt flying out as severe cavities formed from the powerful impact of each blow.

"Don't underestimate it just because of its silly appearance. That's called a Boxeroo. Its strength and speed stats are through the roof, and it uses very unpredictable movement."

…Well, there were a lot of ridiculous creatures in this dungeon. I suppose I shouldn't be too surprised.

We kept ourselves hidden, waiting for Yunyun and Mitsurugi to set us up.

"[Bottomless Swamp]!"

The Boxeroo quickly sank down, trying to escape Yunyun's spell.

Then Mitsurugi dashed in front of the Boxeroo, leaving a large cut on its arm as it tried to protect itself.

"Now…!"

"[Snipe]!"

I shot an ice arrow with my new and improved [Snipe].

Thankfully, I had enough firepower in the attack to finish it off, as the ice arrow cleanly struck through its head.

Well, I did have Yunyun and Mitsurugi helping me out.

"Hmm… This one gives 400 EXP. That's still good."

It was a long way to the next level up, but there were so many monsters on this floor alone that I wasn't worried.

We went on a rotation, taking turns dealing the last blow on monsters after Mitsurugi and Yunyun set us up. Sometimes, there were powerful variations of monsters we encountered before, such as Goblin Kings and Skeleton Emperors. There were new monsters we hadn't seen before, too, such as a Hellbat, which was a bat composed of fire.

Sometimes we went out of the rotation if our skills were more suited to the enemy. For example, Aqua dealt with the undead and even doused the Hellbat with water. Megumin dealt with the monsters that were vulnerable to bludgeoning damage, while Darkness dealt with monsters with high defense but very low evasion, such as high-level stone golems.

Rin and I dealt with everything else.

"We're moving rather quickly, huh?"

I said, after I finished sniping a gargoyle variant that could shoot elemental beams out of its eyes.

"Well, you do have me leading you."

Mitsurugi said, rather arrogantly.

I gained 3,000 more EXP. This was unthinkable levels of progression on the lower floors. Skipping floors really was a good idea.

As we kept walking, we saw some app-users up ahead. Mitsurugi recognized them and said that it was OK to approach, so we followed him.

"Oh, Mitsurugi and Yunyun-san… Hmm? Who are the others?"

Mitsurugi did some quick introductions, then said,

"My friends here are looking to gain some levels, so I'm helping them."

"Eh? You sure about that? Even if you're just giving them the killing blow, this place is dangerous… Wait, isn't that Satou?! The guy who killed all those Demon King generals?!"

I suppose my name would be well-known by now.

I was considered the hero who defeated six Demon King generals, after all.

Somehow, Vanir was included in that list.

"The very same… Pleased to meet you."

"Nice to meet you! Hey, how come this is the first time I'm seeing you in the high-level floors?"

I guess they assumed I must be pretty high level if I beat all those generals.

"Actually, I just reached level 33 recently."

"Eh?! I assumed you were at least level 70?!"

Such a level was unthinkable for me right now.

Mitsurugi chuckled and said,

"...Satou here has quite an unorthodox way of fighting… Well, it might be hard for you to believe."

"I see…"

"So, what are you guys here for? You guys normally train in the higher floors."

The app-users smiled and said,

"Well, we heard that there's a rare, mutant variant of the boss monster on this floor. You guys wanna come and check it out?"

A mutant variant…

So, it was like the mutant Rookie Killer I encountered.

"Hmm… I'm not sure. We didn't intend on visiting the boss room today."

Mitsurugi said, worriedly.

"It'll be fine! You guys got us with you here, too. It can be a learning experience for them. They don't even have to fight, they can just watch."

"Well… I guess they can just teleport out when necessary."

He said, looking at Yunyun and me.
I shrugged, not really having a problem with this.

"Yeah, I think that sounds fine."

The others nodded as well, which led to Mitsurugi agreeing.

Sure, there were some flags here, but these guys didn't seem completely cocky.

If they said things like 'There's no way we'd lose!', then I would have left them to their doom.

…

…

When we came into the boss room, I didn't expect to see water spilling out.

Only to see a stone room with drains in it, and another door beyond that.

"This is the drain room. This floor has a lake environment ahead of it, so this door is here to make sure water doesn't flood the dungeon whenever the room is open.

A lake environment… So there were going to be aquatic creatures up ahead.

We opened the second door and stepped into the actual boss room.

Ahead, I saw what appeared to be a serene lake surrounded by a beautiful stretch of forest. There was a mild, blue sky above, as well as pervading artificial sunlight.

"What kind of monsters live here?"

I asked the app-users, who looked excited to show off their knowledge.

"There's things like Giant Fish, Giant Turtles and even Rapid Flamingoes. But the boss monsters of the lake are something called a Lake Dragon."

"A dragon?!"

Sensing my fear, the app-users chuckled and said,

"Relax. It's not a full dragon, even if it's technically a dragon. It doesn't have any breath attacks and it can't fly, although it can move very fast under water."

That made me feel a bit better, although just hearing 'dragon' was enough to make me feel nervous.

Just like we agreed on, we waited at the shore, while they set about hunting a mutant-variant of this Lake Dragon.

They apparently had magic items called 'Water Walking Shoes'. When they put them on, they were able to walk on the surface of the lake.

We watched them as they walked around the lake, sometimes killing things that popped out. They were so high-leveled that they dealt with the monsters with one attack.

"This is kinda boring…"
Aqua complained, as she sat down on the grass, yawning as we watched them.

"...It's supposed to be a learning experience. What did you expect?"

I said, although I didn't feel like I was learning anything, considering how OP these guys were.

They probably just wanted to show off and didn't intend to actually teach us anything.

Mitsurugi chuckled uneasily.

"W-Well… At least you guys get to see what a 50th floor boss room is like…"

I looked around at the surprisingly peaceful surroundings. If you didn't go into the lake, this was the perfect picnic area.

Compared to things like a swamp full of alligators and a frozen environment full of bears and wolves, this seemed rather idyllic.

"...This is pretty disappointing for a high-level boss room. I expected something like being launched into the pits of hell itself and fighting Satan."

Megumin said, sighing disappointedly.

"...I hate to break it to you, but I don't think there are any boss rooms like that in the dungeon. I certainly haven't seen those."

"So disappointing…"

Mitsurugi broke the bad news to Megumin.

Part 5

With nothing happening, I thought I would doze off, along with Aqua, who was napping on the grass.

That was when the water started to surge.

Rising from the depths of the lake was a monster with silky, black skin, gleaming from the moisture that clung to it. Its long neck emerged, along with a large head, mouth opening to reveal yellowed fangs.

It bore its large flippers and a series of webbed dorsal fins, then, after drawing its head back, unleashed a spine-tingling roar that created violent ripples in the water.

"Is that the Lake Dragon?"

I asked, to which Mitsurugi nodded.

"Yeah, that's it… Although it does look slightly bigger."

So this was the mutant version.

After roaring, the Lake Dragon dipped its head down into the water.

Then, it emerged once more and opened its mouth again.

"...!!!"

A laser-focused torrent of water shot out from its mouth.

The pressurized beam of water swept through the lake, tearing the body of water until I could see the bed of earth underneath.

The app-users saw this and tried to run away, but they couldn't run at full speed on the water.

The beam of water then tore through them, armor and all.

"[Steal]!"

Before their bodies could sink in the water, I stole their corpses.

After all, if a corpse could be stored in the inventory as an 'item', I should be able to steal it, too.

Once I rescued the bodies, I saw that Megumin was already readying her explosion magic.

"Oi! We should be running away, what are you doing?!"

"Hah? That thing is only fast in the water, right? Just buy me time and I can kill it!"

This crazy explosion addict…!

Yunyun stepped up and raised her rod.

"[Cursed Crystal Prison]!"

She created a towering wall of ice just as the Lake Dragon blasted its water beam at us.

"[Freeze Gust]!"

Rin empowered the wall with her ice magic. Meanwhile, Mitsurugi charged up an attack to distract the Lake Dragon.

"[Rune of Saber]!"

He released a slash of pure energy that the Lake Dragon had to avoid, ducking its long head down.

That gave enough time for Megumin.

"Explosion…!"

Perhaps the Lake Dragon wasn't expecting to have an explosion dropped on its head.

Even as it tried to duck, the unstoppable conflagration of fire and sparkling magical energy vaporized the water around it, further adding to the damage of the Lake Dragon's body, as a steam explosion seared its body.

The Lake Dragon sank, before floating up, its body steaming from the attack.

It looked like it got boiled alive, and an admittedly pleasant smell that was like steamed fish wafted to the shore.

"...So, even this floor's boss doesn't compare to my explosion, huh?"

Megumin said, as she fell down to the grass.

…

…

Mitsurugi and Darkness borrowed the Water Walking Shoes from the dead app-users, walking to where the Lake Dragon perished to drag its body to the shore.

After Aqua buffed them, they were able to do the task.

Then, Aqua was about to cast [Resurrection] on the app-users.

Before she could finish the chant, I said,

"Hey, let me use [Soul Transfer] with you just as you finish the spell, Aqua."

"...Hah? Why in the world would you want to do that?"

The reason was simple.

It was so I could learn [Create Undead].

Being able to bring these corpses back to life should count for the requirement, right?

After I was able to convince Aqua, I swapped bodies with her just as she finished chanting.

"[Soul Transfer]!"

After a moment of disorientation, I found myself in Aqua's body.

…I also felt a deep mana reserve within her, more magic power than I had ever handled at once.

As the spell took effect, I felt an innate understanding of how the spell functions, as well as how the mana took shape in order to raise the dead.

It felt like I was using mana to grab a thread that connected their bodies to their spirits in the after life. Then, I felt my mana pulling that thread until their spirits came back.

…I see… So that's how it works.

When the app-users started opening their eyes, they looked at me.

"Y-You know the Resurrection spell?!"

"You saved us… Wait, you're Aqua-sama, aren't you?!"

So they finally recognized her.

I gave them a small smile and patted their shoulders.

"Alright, alright. Calm down, will ya? You shouldn't get so excited now that you have your bodies back."

They blushed and glanced away.

"O-Oh, yeah, sure…"

"T-Thanks for the warning."

"..."

Wait, were they falling in love with me while I was in Aqua's body?

I guess the casual way I spoke, while being in the body of such a beautiful goddess, left a deep impression on them.

After all, Aqua was the type who would make men lose interest in her as soon as she opened her mouth.

But since I spoke normally and didn't say anything weird, like Aqua would, I ended up portraying myself like an orthodox heroine, in the same manner as Eris-sama.

Thankfully, the switch only lasted for a minute, so I was back in my body.

However, the whole time, those two app-users were staring at Aqua with longing in their eyes.

"U-Unbelievable, papa! You actually managed to unlock the [Create Undead] skill?!"

Aika-chan said, making me step out and talk to her on my phone.

"Fufu… Of course. Your papa is cool, huh?"

"...Uuu… I do have to admit, switching souls to learn the skill is clever… Rather, can't you just do that to learn a bunch of skills from now on?"

Now that she mentioned it, that was possible, right?

"Oh, thanks for the idea, Aika-chan."

"Eeeep?! I ended up giving you another way to abuse the system!"

She couldn't even blame me for that one, since this was her idea this time.

She then ended up showing me my new skill.

[Create Undead] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (30 mp)

Take a corpse that has recently died in the last 5 minutes and animate it. The undead will listen to all your commands. It will have a third of its former level and all skills will be at rank 1. You cannot raise an undead that is a higher level than you. It must be 20 levels weaker than you. The undead will return to being a corpse after one day. You cannot have more than 3 undead serving you at a time.

…Since this was a powerful skill, there were a lot of limitations

Still, this was a skill with lots of potential uses.

I just had to make sure I didn't raise any undead around Aqua, or she would try to exorcise it.

Part 6

"Ohhh… I gained 10 levels from that!"

Megumin said, as she checked her stats.

So that mutant gave the same amount of EXP as the Winter Shogun…

Well, it did one-shot two high-level app-users who weren't even being reckless. They did everything by the book and still died so easily.

"Time to raise my magic power…!"

She said, as if she wasn't already destroying the 50th floor boss with one blow.

"Remember what we talked about, Megumin…"

I was referring to having her change into a different class for one level, even if she wasn't going to spend any skill points on the skills.

"Yeah, I already did that when I leveled up from the One-Shot Bears. I unlocked the Knight class. I'm changing back to Arch-Wizard now to spend all my skill points on explosion!"

Well, at least she actually listened.

By the way, the exclusive Knight skills are [Challenge], [Charge], [Inspire] and [Pledge], while it shares a lot of skills with the other martial classes, like armor skills, weapon skills and things like [Overwhelm].

[Challenge] is like [Decoy], except that it is a single-target skill. [Charge] allows one to build up momentum for increased damage and AoE knockback, which is empowered when one is riding a mount. [Inspire] allows one to raise the morale of their teammates and increases stamina recovery, as well as a temporary Bravery stat boost. And [Pledge] lets one dedicate their allegiance to a cause, group or liege. Depending on what they dedicate themselves to, the Knight can earn certain abilities and an exclusive title.

"...Pfft… As if I'd pledge my allegiance to anyone!"

Megumin said, rolling her eyes when she explained the skills.

"...It's a waste if you don't use the main feature of the class."

Eventually, Megumin agreed to try and unlock the skill.

"What 'faction' would I even pledge to?"

Mitsurugi offered some advice, since he was familiar with the class, having taken it for a level as well.

"You can pledge your allegiance to the general faction that unites app-users together, that is, the forces that oppose the Demon King."

"...That's too generic. I need something more special. Oh, how about our group? Does that count as a faction?"

"Well… I suppose so."

"Alright, I pledge my allegiance to our group, then."

That seemed to work, as there was now a 'serving the Kazuma group' on Megumin's app.

"Hah?! Kazuma group?! Shouldn't it be the Megumin group?! Title change!"

She yelled at the app as if that would do anything.

It seems that fighting together with us now will give Megumin increased stats.

She stopped complaining after seeing that she got increased magic stats as well.

The other skills were straight forward enough for her to unlock on her own. She challenged Rin to an arm wrestling match, which unlocked [Challenge], and simply charged forward to unlock [Charge].

While she was doing that, I looked at the steamed Lake Dragon, which Aqua and Darkness were cutting up.

"This tastes surprisingly good, Kazuma! Which is unusual, since dragon meat is supposed to taste bad."

Aqua said, as she carved out a slice after removing the blubber and eating it.

"I do have to admit it tastes good… I wish we had some kind of sauce here."

Darkness said, while also trying a piece.

I trusted them and took out a piece to eat.

It tastes just like steamed fish.

You gained +4 Magic Power and Mana Capacity from eating this Mutant variant!

…This mutant variant that could launch beam-like water blasts gave quite the magic stat yield.

After calling everyone to eat a piece, which Megumin was excited about since it further increased her magic power, I stored some in my storage box to cook for later.

"Hm… There are other Lake Dragons for us to face, right?"

I said, while looking out at the lake. Although I found it difficult to believe that there were more lurking in that lake. Even if it was big, I wasn't sure if multiple creatures as big as that could inhabit a mere lake.

The app-users replied,

"There are many more lakes in this area with their own Lake Dragons. We just have to go through the forest. There are monsters in the forest, though, but they won't attack us."

How big was this boss room to hold multiple lakes? Enough lakes to accommodate all the app-users, too.

"Why don't the forest monsters attack?"

"Well, they did attack at the start, but the app-users always just easily killed them. They're also not as strong as the creatures on the lake, so they've moved more towards agriculture and harvesting food in the forest. As a result, the intelligent monsters here have become quite docile. They also aren't worth as much EXP for most app-users who have reached this floor, so no one bothers to kill them."

After hearing the app-users's explanation, Megumin twirled her staff around.

"...They're worth a lot of EXP for us, though, right?"

Of course, she was thinking that.

"I-I guess that's true… But they're just minding their own business, so…"

"They're just monsters, so what's the problem?"

"Eh…"

The app-users looked at Megumin as if she were the real monster.

I gave Megumin a chop on the head.

"Didn't you learn your lesson with the kobold? There's no reason to antagonize harmless creatures.What if they evolve from adversity and rebel on us, just like with the Kobold Hero?"

I said, still unable to forget the one who gave me my first death.

"...You can just use your [Lore Reading] to see if they have the capacity to evolve, can't you? If they can't, then they're free game."

That was also true.

If they couldn't evolve, then there was no harm in killing them.

And the app-users in this floor didn't need to be protected like the newbies on the low-level floors.

As long as we didn't completely wipe out the population, it should be fine.

"Alright. As long as they're not cute, we can wipe them out."

This was the rule of the world.

If pandas weren't cute, would humanity go so far to protect those useless existences?

Even more so with monsters.

"W-We can't really say anything since you saved us, so…"

The app-users easily gave way.

Mitsurugi sighed and shook his head, but he knew how we operated by now.

Aqua was salivating at the prospect of easily earning more EXP, so she rubbed her hands in anticipation.

"I approve of this plan! Taking advantage of weak monsters… So exciting!"

Is this really supposed to be a goddess?

The app-users whispered to each other,

"Hey… Is this really that same Aqua-sama from before?"

"Her casual, approachable personality from before was so attractive, but now…"

Oi, that was me in her body you guys are thirsting after.

Now, they were disillusioned by the real Aqua.

Darkness sighed as she followed us.

"...I guess I can't really complain since we did the same with the goblins in that forest."

She didn't even bother to try and be the moral police this time.

She was also the one who needed levels the most.

Rin and Yunyun were also hesitant, but they looked like they didn't feel strongly enough to protect the monsters.

"...As long as they're not cute, right, Yunyun-chan?"

"Y-Yeah… As long as they're not cute."

See what I mean?

We headed into the forest while listening to the app-users explain what the monsters were like.

"They're called Bark People. They're humanoids who are not quite treants, but their bodies are composed of tough bark, wood and twigs."

"Do you know if they evolve?"

"Not that we know of… But we don't have a skill to check for that."

We went through the forest and soon came upon a settlement of Bark People.

It looked like a rather primitive village, with a small farm that yielded corn. There were wooden huts all around with leaves tied together forming roofs. The Bark People noticed us and came out. Their arms formed into pointed edges like blades and approached us.

They looked pretty similar to each other, but I noticed that there was a way to differentiate the males from the females, with the males having broader frames and being several times taller than their female counterparts. Although it was hard to tell without any obvious reproductive features, such as external genitals or mammaries.

They spoke in a language that the others didn't understand, except for Yunyun and me, who had the [Monster Talk] skill.

It seems that my Intelligence is high-enough to understand them, even if my skill was only at Rank 1, although Yunyun had to fill in the blanks that my skill couldn't translate.

"Humans… We mean no harm. Please don't hurt us."

I felt some guilt when they said that.

They didn't look cute, in a traditional sense, but their gentle mannerisms and the way they shook nervously evoked a sense of pity.

"...I don't think I can explode these guys."
Megumin said, lowering her staff.

It was a good thing she had a limit.

"Are you sure? They look like they'd make excellent firewood."

We all ignored Aqua who said that.

Still, it was a wasted opportunity to get EXP, since Megumin did have a good idea with this.

I asked the Bark Person,

"Are there any outlaws among your kind, such as bandits that don't live in settlements?"

If it's just bandits, then we wouldn't feel any pity or remorse.

The Bark Person nodded and pointed its twig-like fingers away from the village.

"If you travel North, there is a bandit encampment. They regularly come to pillage the villages and even violate our women…"

Yeah, now there was no need to hesitate.
After talking to the Bark Person who was like the village chief, we received a notification on our phones.

You unlocked a Side Quest!

Optional: Destroy the Bark People Bandit Encampment! Quest Reward: You earn the title [Monster Ally]

Part 7

We followed the directions to the bandit encampment.

Just like the village, it was very rudimentary, with palisades surrounding the perimeter of the camp, and a singular watchtower sidled along one corner. A lone guard was stationed on the tower, and with [Farsight], I was able to see that its arm was transformed into a wooden crossbow.

[Lore Reading] told me that Bark People couldn't evolve, so there were no consequences to wiping out these bandits, both from a moral and strategic standpoint. They were capable of producing poison, though, so we had to make sure not to get hit, or stick close to Aqua, who could detoxify us.

I made the first move, creating an ice arrow and using [Snipe].

The ice arrow travelled quickly, cutting through any form of wind resistance and silently striking the guard. Its head released fine saw dust and green liquid, which I assumed was its blood.

"...Creating an ice arrow like that… What kind of skill is it?"

The app-users said, looking at my ice arrows with wonder.

I guess they've never seen this kind of skill before.

The guard's death was unnoticed, so we could sneak in.

Although it was easy to just blow everything up with Megumin's explosion, we wanted to rescue any captives inside.

"...What do we do? There isn't an entrance."

It seemed that Bark People had some way to get in and out of a base like this, even without any perceivable entrance.

Maybe they elongated their arms and used them to swing above the walls.

It was rather bothersome, but that would increase their security against those who couldn't do the same thing.

"[Create Golem], [Golem Manipulation], [Meta-Control Spell]."

It cost 55 mana, but I created a vibrating golem sword, the same one I experimented with before.

I tried to store it in my inventory that time, but the spell components collapsed when I tried to do so, with the golem reverting back to its original form.

I guess such an exploit wasn't allowed.

So, I had to create the process from the start.

Thankfully, this area allowed for me to use Drain Touch on the ground.

Unlike the 5th floor, where the snow and ice weren't conducting mana.

But mana flowed freely through this area that had organic material all around it.

And so, I was back to full again.

Then, I took the Vibrato Sword (temp name) and deftly cut a hole through the wall.

I gently lowered the portion of the wall that came down to avoid being noticed right away.

Thankfully, we managed to cut our way to a place that appeared to be a storage area.

There were all manner of fruits and even grains stored in the room.

"...These things have a surprisingly varied diet… Ugh, that stinks!"

Aqua reeled away from a basket she opened. A disgusting pile of moldy cheese was inside.

There were flies swarming it, and it looked like they didn't even bother to control the temperature of the cheese, as it was halfway melting into sticky piles of goop.

I noticed that a lot of the food in here was expired. The fruit, upon closer inspection, were a murky brown and had worms crawling out of excavated holes. Almost nothing was fresh.

"I guess they don't care about bacteria. Their stomachs are pretty strong… Or I guess they don't even have stomachs like ours."

It could be that they just absorb nutrients right away and don't bother digesting the unnecessary stuff. So, they didn't need to worry about hygiene or preservation.

Like the Tranquility girl, it was also possible that they could absorb nutrients from the sunlight or even other living beings. However, they couldn't do that with the more powerful app-users on this floor, and they didn't have the charm and deceiving appearances of the Tranquility Girls to accomplish such a feat.

"...Alright, it's making it easier on my conscience to kill these things."

Mitsurugi said, as he pinched his nose and turned away from the rotten food.

We opened the storage door to peek outside.

There were lots of bandits here. Most of them were loafing around, while others were idly chewing on food. Some of them were playing tug-of-war by linking their twig-like fingers together and pulling their stretched limbs.

…I guess there wasn't much entertainment here.

"Let's rescue the captives first."

I said, closing the door in the meantime.

"How will we know where they are?"

I thought about it for a few seconds, then replied to Mitsurugi.

"I'll use the [Tracking] skill and see if I can find smaller footprints. That might mean those are the captured women."

I activated the [Tracking] skill and looked outside again. Footprints appeared to me, lit up in my vision. There were many footprints around on the dirt, but I was able to differentiate a few smaller ones that led to one building in particular. The tracks also showed a great deal of resistance, as if the owners of the footprints were dragged there against their own volition.

"I'm pretty sure the captives are over there."

I said, pointing to the building.

"OK… Let's secure that building, then let's kill these bandits."

Mitsurugi said, which everyone nodded to.

Part 8

"[Light of Refraction]!"

We relied on Yunyun for this task.

I had [Lurk], but there was some distance to travel, and the skill was useless if I was just walking out in the open for them to see.

This isn't Skyrim.

Yunyun turned invisible in a shimmer of faint light.

I saw her leave some faint tracks as she left us, but that was only because of [Tracking]. I doubted that the bandits could detect it.

We put our phones at mute, so we received a silent call from Yunyun a few minutes later.

While staying quiet, she showed us a video feed of the captives inside. There were about eight captives, female Bark People who were dismembered, the stumps of their limbs burned by fire. I suppose this was the best way to incapacitate a Bark Person.

…Even if they weren't human… The sight was disturbing.

Yunyun then used teleport to bring the captives back to the mark she left on the village.

Once she was done, it was time for us to wreak havoc.

We took our positions, then attacked synchronously. I sniped down targets with ice arrows, while the app-users went wild with their cheats, slashing down bandits with their magic swords. Mitsurugi efficiently cut down bandits with Gram.

Yunyun came back and rained down spells on the encampment, while Rin showed her skills as an Elemental Master for the first time, summoning some spirits that looked like floating orbs of fire.

They looked like minor spirits, so she could probably summon stronger ones later. Still, they provided a good enough distraction as they shot small embers of fire at the retreating Bark People.

Darkness ran into the center, drawing them in with [Decoy].

"...I know it might be my fetish to be violated by ruthless men, but… I don't like actually seeing those horrible things happening!"

Double-standards much?

Even if she didn't seem convincing with her words, she did make up for it by swinging her spear around and cutting down the bandits who were attracted to her.

Since it was such a massive advantage on our side, with no one suffering injuries, Aqua focused on getting her own kills, punching down the bandits, with Megumin following along, swinging her explosive staff around.

It was an absolute slaughter for the bandits.

Quest complete!

You gained the [Monster Ally] title!

[Monster Ally]

When this title is equipped, you will gain EXP when assisting monsters who are friendly towards you.

From this title, and slaughtering the bandits, I gained a total of 4,000 EXP.

…I guess helping monsters might not be a bad idea when it comes to raising EXP.

We looked around for loot, but while the bandits didn't have any good items in their camp, apparently, their bodies consisted of valuable wood that could be used for the construction of bows, staffs and wands and even medicine.

I made sure to store these wood.

Bark People Wood (Super Rare)

Material used for weapons, gear and even medicine. This wood is filled with vitality and is extremely flexible. Similar to treantwood.

Sells for: 100,000 Yen

After that, we burned down the encampment to make sure other bandits couldn't simply move in, while making sure to contain the fire.

Then, we went back to the village, where Yunyun left the captives.

"Thank you very much! I never thought that humans would help us!"

The village chief smiled and shook my hand.

I had to admit, I was growing rather fond of the Bark People.

"Are the captives going to be alright?"

I asked, worried after the condition I saw them in.

"...They will recover. The bandits burned their wounds, but if given time, those will heal and they will regrow their limbs."

That was good news, then.

"We don't have anything to pay you with… Ah, are you perhaps interested in our cheese?"

"No, thank you."

I swiftly rejected the gift.

…

…

We left the village after making sure that they were alright.

"...These boss rooms sure are getting more complicated. There's a whole community of monsters here…"

Megumin said, as we continued towards our original goal before getting side-tracked, to find a lake with a normal, hopefully non-mutant, Lake Dragon in it.

Mitsurugi chuckled and nodded at Megumin.

"You should see the higher-level floors. There's one with a whole kingdom of lizardmen, for example."

"...Really?! Tell me more!"

Mitsurugi backed away as Megumin went up close to him, sparkles of excitement in her eyes.

She was probably looking forward to blowing those lizardmen up.

"It's on the 65th floor. The goal of that floor isn't to beat the boss monster, rather, to earn the favor of the Lizard King."

Such a clear condition exists?

Aqua chuckled and raised a finger.

"Indeed! After all, some conflicts can't be resolved by sword and magic alone! Sometimes, you have to negotiate, even if it's just a filthy lizardman!"

…Something tells me Aqua wasn't the one who had the idea for such a sophisticated clear condition.

If Aqua was given full-control of this dungeon, all the enemies would be undead and Eris-worshipping goblins.

Well, I couldn't really criticize her, since my own dungeon was just a golem EXP farm.

Part 9

After some walking, we soon found another lake.

Like the previous lake, it appeared peaceful from a glance.

However, we now knew that terrible creatures lurked underneath.

"How about I use explosion to draw it out?"

Megumin said, already hopping atop a boulder and pointing her staff at the lake.

"How about you let us actually let us get the killing blow this time?"

I said, before she could wipe out this entire lake.

"How should we draw it out, then?"

The app-users rubbed their chin, then said,

"Hmm… We could lure it out with its favorite food…"

Apparently, the lake dragon's favorite food is a fish that is localized in this lake called the Gleam-Shiner.

It is a fish with highly reflective silver scales. As a defense mechanism, it captures light and reflects it with its scales, in a similar method to the [Flash] spell. It then runs away and the vulnerable target will be hunted down by stronger predators. In this way, it exists in a symbiotic relationship with some of the lake's mesopredators, who can't take on the apex predator, the Lake Dragon, in a direct confrontation.

The reason why the Lake Dragons love to hunt and consume these Gleam-Shiners is to dwindle their numbers and keep the mesopredators in check. That was why they made excellent bait.

We waited for the app-users to use their Water Walking Shoes and hunt these Gleam-Shiners. As long as they weren't facing that unfairly powerful mutant variation, they were fine with hunting any other monster on this floor.

While they were doing that, Megumin handed me the Random Loot Box she gained from killing the Lake Dragon.

I opened it and we were quite surprised by what came out.

Ultra Skill-Up Potion (Ultra Rare)

Drinking this potion will give you 2 skill points

Sells for: 120,000 Yen

…This was my first time seeing an Ultra Rare item.

Granted, my smithing could already create anything between Common and Legendary items, but seeing an actual Ultra Rare item was quite the event.

If this were a gacha, I would be experiencing quite a spectacular cutscene by now.

"Hmm…"

"What are you 'hmm'-ing for, Kazuma?"

Megumin stared at me suspiciously as I held the potion. She tried to take it, but I lifted it over my head.

"...Using my height against me… You picking a fight, Kazuma?"

She gave me quite the death glare.

"I mean, Megumin, do you really need even more skill points? You get quite a lot per level up, but you just spend it all on explosion power every time… Meanwhile, I have a lot of skills I want to rank up."

"What does that have to do with anything? Should a rich man give his money to the poor just because it's fair?"

"Actually, that answer would vary depending on who you're asking…"

"Oh, really? Give 1 billion Yen to me, then."

"Now, now, it's not like you're poor anymore… "

She leapt up, snatching the potion away from me, then hurriedly drinking it.

I guess she wasn't gonna share.

…

…

After a short time, the app-users gathered up enough of the Gleam-Shiners.

Then, using [Smithing], I extracted the natural fibers from the wood found in the surrounding forests, turning them into thin ropes. The Gleam-Shiners were tied along these ropes, the lengths of which were kept buoyant by tying additional planks of wood. Intermittent segments of fish and planks were spread out from the shore.

It seems that my [Fishing] skill applied to this activity, and I innately knew how to construct such a luring system.

As such, it didn't take that long until the Lake Dragon fell for the bait.

I turned to Rin, who we decided to go first in slaying a Lake Dragon.

"Get ready."

"Yeah, senpai! [Delay Spell]! [Light Arrows]!"

She summoned a lightning spirit as well, readying all her attacks for the Lake Dragon.

The dragon's wide head appeared, breaking out of the water and sending arching splashes, which looked like burning sparks as they caught the light.

"[Cursed Crystal Prison]!"

Yunyun went about working to trap the Lake Dragon.

Since it was a normal variation without a breath attack, it was easily trapped as soon as it appeared.

"[Light Arrows]!"

It was a simple matter for Rin to attack it repeatedly.

She had to repeat the attack a couple more times, due to the resiliency of the Lake Dragon, but it eventually fell to the magical onslaught.

After that, we set about cooking the Lake Dragon meat once more and storing the excess for future cooking.

You gained +4 Strength and Stamina from eating the normal variation of the Lake Dragon!

We set about repeating this routine in other lakes. The spawn rate of the Lake Dragons was fairly good, so we didn't need to worry about culling their entire population. Aside from the App-users, they had no other predators in this area, anyway.

At some point, even if we ate, we didn't gain any stat bonuses. The nutritional yield couldn't keep applying for eating the same food over and over again, after all.

When it was my turn, I created a lightning arrow instead of the usual ice arrow and electrocuted the aquatic creature.

You have raised your level to level 34!

I gained a level along with completing the quest.

Overall, I'd say this dungeon run was a productive one.

We ended up getting a lot of Lake Dragon meat, so we also took them to the Bark People to share.

"...! But you're already done so much for us! Please, accept our cheese!"

They kept trying to push that cheese on us.

Were they aware of how awful those things were, that was why they insisted on us taking it away from them?

After leaving the Bark People village, we headed to the exit.

When we found the dungeon exit, we said goodbye to the app-users, who thanked us once more, especially Aqua, for saving them.

…At this point, I didn't have the heart to tell them the Aqua they fell in love with was me.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, NightSight and 208 others
BoringBone
Apr 16, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 49: A Reconciliation With This Deadbeat!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Apr 19, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,185
Chapter 49: A Reconciliation With This Deadbeat!

Part 1

Darkness wanted to check up on Pocky-chan aka Bei-chan, although Darkness didn't like the latter name since I used it to tease her. The others went home, while I went with her to the goblin forest, where Pocky-chan was being taken care of.

The goblins respectfully, and somewhat fearfully, bowed to us as we entered the forest. Seeing the goblin abode, I really started to see how advanced the Bark People's community was. Even compared to the Kobolds who had a hidden community in the tunnels, the Bark People seemed a lot more civilized than other intelligent monsters.

Although, Mitsurugi did say that it was a natural progression the higher you go up. There were even lizardmen who have created an entire kingdom, apparently.

"Ahh… It's been a while, Pocky-chan!"

Darkness said, while holding her beloved toad, who reciprocated the gesture by snuggling Darkness.

Since Darkness also had the [Monster Tamer] title, Pocky-chan was behaving herself among the goblins. And thus, she was freely allowed to hop around. She had become a bit of an oddity for app-users. Thankfully, the collar around Pocky-chan's neck warned them that terrible things would happen to them if they slayed the Giant Toad.

"Kazuma… Why don't you bond with Pocky-chan as well? She is your daughter, after all."

"..."

What is this feeling of deja vu?

"Excuse me?"

I asked, slightly bewildered.

"...I-If you can have two children with Aqua, and another child from who knows where else, why can't you have one with me?!"

What a nonsensical thing to get jealous of.

"Um, Darkness-san? You do know that… Ah, nevermind."

I felt a dangerous aura coming from my phone and stopped talking.

I was about to say 'Aika-chan isn't actually my daughter, you know?'

But I had a feeling Aika-chan, who was always listening, would make my life hell if I said that.

Instead, I just amused Darkness and went to Pocky-chan, patting her head. She did respond cutely, which made my heart waver.

Even if she's just a giant toad…

If the others get jealous of these 'children', I wonder if they'd start bringing pets home and claim that I'm the father.

I could imagine Megumin, who was way too competitive, picking up some stray cat and doing just that.

I'd like to think that Rin was more mature than that, but you never know.

The rivalry between women can get pretty nasty…

Or was that just a generalization? I hope so.

After we finished our business, we were about to leave, but the goblin chief wanted a word with me.

Using [Monster Talk] I heard what he wanted to say.

"Um… Forgive me, but I have a request I'd like to ask of you…"

Since I had the [Monster Ally] title active right now, perhaps that made me seem more approachable to monsters.

As I got EXP from completing such requests, anyway, I was at least willing to hear him out.

"What is it, oh great chieftain?"

"...You do not need to regard me as such. In any case, our request is to deal with some rather troublesome visitors… That is, um…"

For some reason, he was embarrassed to say it.

"...That is… A very attractive human female once came down here, asking us to impregnate her…"

I immediately turned to Darkness.

"No, it's not her… Although the looks that one gives us are scary sometimes…"

It wasn't Darkness?!

What a plot twist.

He then proceeded to describe what this human woman looked like.

"...She had long black hair held by a yellow hairband… As well as a dress that doesn't look like it'd be practical in normal wear and combat… And like I said, she's extraordinarily beautiful."

Didn't that description kind of sound familiar?

I looked through my phone and brought out a picture I had saved in my phone from long ago.

"Is this her?"

"...! Indeed! Yes, it is!"

It was a picture of Lia, performing on stage with Axel Hearts.

"Darkness! How dare you corrupt my friend!"

"Eh?! What are you blaming me for?!"

I unintentionally lashed out at Darkness.

When I calmed down, I pieced together that this was likely a female orc who was a former worker at that brothel.

I suppose, as a popular idol, Lia was requested enough in the brothel for her to take that form.

Perhaps this orc got desperate enough to breed with goblins, and thought that coming to this forest in that form would make them go into heat and breed with her.

"Of course, we didn't do it because Kazuma-sama told us not to breed with humans…"

They were willing to carry out such an order, huh?

These goblins were a lot more loyal than I thought.

Still, it wasn't like she was a human.

"Actually, that was a female orc."

"Eh?! Wow… The female orcs are more beautiful than I remember…"

"That's only because of the [Change Shape] spell."

I rubbed my chin in thought, then said,

"...Would you goblins want to breed with this female orc?"

It was a rather crude question to ask, but these were monsters, anyway.

They didn't have the same sense of morality as humans.

"Well… The unsightly features of the female orcs made us avoid them in the past, but if they look that way now… I wouldn't be opposed to it."

He was talking about the unsightly features of other monsters, despite being a goblin.

Although, there are people like that among humans, as well. Those who insult the appearances of others even though they aren't attractive themselves.

There was a way here to quell the thirst of the female orcs, as well as satisfy the infamous libido of the goblins.

After all, even though this particular tribe of goblins was under my control, there were others in the dungeon who would still try and assault female app-users, in the same way female orcs assault the men.

…Won't having the main offenders breed with each other solve these issues?

That's a crazy thing to say, but from a purely utilitarian perspective, it was a sound idea.

Decreasing the pain and raising the pleasure of everyone involved…

Quite literally, if I may add.

Although I doubt Mills or Bentham imagined that female orcs and goblins would see the application of their ideas.

In any case, this was all for the better good of this dungeon society.

"If you are willing, the next time that female orc comes in here, you may copulate with her as you wish."

"...! W-Well, if you say so…"

"Oh, but please ask her to take a different form."

I said, even though Konno-san would have no idea her appearance was being used. I still wanted to respect her.

"Kazuma… You really are something…"

Darkness said, while salivating at the thought of goblin breeding.

"If you want to stay here overnight and watch the festivities, go ahead and do that, you freak."

"...?! I-I wasn't planning on doing that at all?!"

"I'll leave you some sleeping bags. Just make sure Pocky-chan doesn't watch."

"I-I told you I won't…!"

She didn't sound that convincing.

Part 2

We left the dungeon after Darkness had ample time playing with Pocky-chan.

I was also hoping that the female orcs would be appeased by the goblins, but I knew better than to be optimistic.

After all, they clearly had a preference for strong males, and goblins were hardly strong.

Still, if it decreased the amount of assaults for both genders, then I was happy with the result.

You gained 2,000 EXP for helping the goblins!

It seems that the [Monster Ally] title gives a lot of EXP, regardless of the power of the monsters involved.

We teleported back to the mansion just in time for dinner.

It was my turn to cook, and there was a lot of Lake Dragon meat to cook.

Not only the normal variation, but the mutant one as well.

I cooked the fish-like meat with some soy sauce and sake, making sure to add plenty of ginger as well to hide the fishy taste.

The mutant meat was already steamed, so I didn't want to overcook it.

But a lot of the normal meat was still pretty raw, so I made sure to deep-fry it with some batter, making a kind of tempura.

Actually, it was closer to a Chinese deep fried fish, with plenty of spices, than a classic tempura.

"Oh! This tastes better than when we were just eating it as is!"

Aqua exclaimed, while guzzling down the food.

Aika-chan was also back in her golem body, eating the food as well.

"Hmm… Impressive… I like the fried version more!"

You gained +5 Magic Power, Mana Capacity, Strength and Stamina!

You also gained 1,000 EXP!

As expected, the cooking skill gave quite a few benefits.

…Although, it would probably be more effective at higher ranks, the cooking skill, I mean.

But should I really use precious Skill Points on something like the cooking skill?

Probably not at this time.

After finishing dinner, Sena went to me and said,

"Kazuma-san, we have prepared the materials for the operation… We're ready to move as soon as tomorrow."

"That's good, but why are you whispering?"

She said, as if this was a super secret mission.

"Well, considering the severity of the operation…"

"Huh? We're just moving an internationally funded nuclear reactor that the Japanese public has no idea about to my personal pocket dimension. What's so severe about that?"

"...Are you teasing me?! Is that what it is?!"

It was fun to see Sena freak out.

I agreed to set aside time for tomorrow to oversee the relocation, then went to make preparations in my room.

Like I said, one needs Dungeon Points in order to make the more complex stuff in the dungeon.

However, in order to make basic dungeon constructions, such as new floors or basic golems and the like, one simply needs enough energy, whether it's from mana, or electricity, or whatever else.
Granted, if one had enough energy, they could potentially surpass the need for DP, but I would need way more energy for that.

That was why the original dungeon had so many Coronatite cores, along with all the DP it accumulates.

I already made preparations before, but I continued to refine it.

I also went about making more preparations for Vanir's eventual dungeon boss room.

During all this, I went about running the golem EXP farm, while also training my magic by blasting them before they came into the trap.

Your Magic Power and Mana Capacity increased by +2!

Then, there was the matter of my Necromancy class, my new level up, and my unspent Skill Points.

Before taking the Sniper class, I wanted to try and unlock the rest of the Necromancy skills.

So, I quickly teleported back to the dungeon.

I could have done this before with Darkness, but she was oddly moralistic and would probably have something to say about me experimenting with the undead.

Going back to the dungeon, I went to the lower floors again.

Right now, I had teleportation marks to my dungeon, the teleportation circle on the first floor and the 51st floor.

I would have liked to leave an empty spot for emergencies, but there were simply too many important locations now.

It didn't take long until I encountered a kobold.

I simply kicked it as it tried to hit me with its club.

…I really have become powerful now, huh?

I didn't even need to use weapons anymore to deal with kobolds.
Rather, this thing was pretty brave for attacking a high-level foe like me.

That, or it was pretty stupid.

I went to the corpse and touched it.

"Arise…"

For some reason, it didn't work.

"That's strange…"

"What's so strange about it? You need to chant like any other spell."

Aika-chan said, going back to phone mode.

After chanting, I said,

"[Create Undead]!"

Black mist surrounded the kobold and seeped in through its nose and mouth, even ears.

Then, it rose from the dead, picking itself up and looking to me for instructions.

Using [Monster Talk], I said,

"Hello, my minion…"

"...What do you command of me, master?"

I waited, but there was no notification for me learning the [Speak With Dead] skill.

"Oi, what gives?"

I said, asking Aika-chan why I wasn't learning the skill.

"...The skill is [Speak With Dead], not [Speak With Undead]. You need to be able to speak with a corpse that isn't animated."

"Hah? How is that possible?! The spirit would have long left the body!"
"That's what makes it a powerful skill! It accesses the memories and mannerisms still etched onto the corpse, and makes a simulation of how the corpse would act when it's alive. In short, it is one of the hardest skills to learn!"

"...Does Aqua know this skill?"

"Of course! …Are you gonna try to swap spirits with her again?"

"Not like she has anything better to do. Tell her to come over here."

"H-How rude! Papa is the one asking for a favor, so isn't it better for you to teleport home and pick up mama?!"

"...If she's doing something productive right now, I'll do that. If she's just watching TV and drinking, then tell her to come here, now."

"...I'm calling her right now."

Aika-chan didn't even try to argue.

It didn't take too long for Aqua to arrive, since she could just go through my dungeon door outside the original dungeon. Still, it took her longer than someone who wasn't lazy would take.

Not only that, but she arrived in lounge wear.

"...What is it? I was watching a show, so this better be important!"

"I need your body."

"...And you wanna do it here, in the dungeon? So freaky…"

Eventually, I caught Aqua up to speed and we went about with the soul transfer.

We killed another kobold, then I switched with Aqua.

It wasn't the exact same skill, but it functioned just similar enough that I could understand how it worked.

When I switched back, I tried to speak with the corpse as well.

"...I can't believe you killed me just for this…"

It had a lot to complain about.

You unlocked the [Speak With Dead] skill!

[Speak With Dead] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (20 mp)

You can target one corpse and speak with it for 2 minutes. It doesn't matter how old the corpse is or what condition it is in. The complexity of its answers and what it remembers from its past life is very limited. You will only receive simple answers.

I suppose that this was the extent of this skill at rank 1. Perhaps at max level, I could have full, meaningful conversations with dead people…

Could I speak to long dead historical figures in this way?!

The uses of this skill were endless.

One could even solve famous cold-case crimes.

Part 3

"Hm… I only have one more skill left to learn. What does [Death Perception] do?"

I asked Aqua, moving to the next skill.

"...Ah, it might be close to my skill to see ghosts and spirits."

"But can't we see things like ghosts all the time in the dungeon?"

Although they were quite rare, they were still present.

"Yeah, but those are spirits that try to disrupt the natural order and harm the living. However, there are good-natured earth bound spirits that don't harass the living. They even stay invisible and out of sight. They merely like to watch the living go about their day."

That was creepy, in its own way.

Apparently, some of these spirits hang out in the dungeon, mostly from app-users who died and weren't ready to move on yet.

We walked around a bit until Aqua found one such spirit.

When we transferred bodies, I saw the spirit.

"Hm? You can see me?"

It was the spirit of what looked to be a Japanese male teenager around my age.

He was wearing what appeared to be low-tier steel armor, meaning that he was probably quite low level when he died.

When I explained how I was able to see and interact with ghosts, he said,

"Huh, that's neat."

Perhaps because he was dead, but he seemed rather nonchalant.

But if he was still lingering around here, there was probably something that made him not move on to the afterlife.

When I asked him what that could be, he said,

"Well, I don't know what the afterlife is like. And what if I go to hell? I wasn't religious when I was alive."

…I suppose that would be a legitimate concern for someone who didn't know.

Aqua chuckled and spread her arms out.

"Fear not! I can tell that you were quite good when you were alive, so you can probably go to heaven!"

"Hm…? This divine aura… Ah, you also seem pretty familiar. Are you Aqua-sama?"

"The very same!"

"Sorry. Even though you gave me that insanely OP weapon, I still died in such a pitiful way."

I was wondering about that.

"How did you die, if you don't mind me asking?"

"I thought I found some amazing treasure, but it turned out to be a mimic."

That really was a pitiful way to die.

After learning that he was qualified to go to heaven, Aqua went ahead and purified his spirit, sending him to the after life.

"May you rest in peace…"

Seeing her like this, Aqua actually seemed like a goddess.

"...Now that that's done, I'm gonna head back to watch my drama."

The illusion didn't last long.

You learned the [Death Perception] skill!

[Death Perception] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (15 mp)

You can see invisible spirits such as low-level spirits and benevolent spirits.They will not appear if they do not wish to be seen.

With that, all the Necromancy class skills were unlocked.

These skills were getting harder and harder to unlock…

I could only hope that I would have an easier time with the Sniper class.

…This was my first advanced class, ever.

Feeling excited, I went ahead and changed my class to Sniper.

You have unlocked the advanced class 'Sniper'!

You can now raise your Dexterity, Intuition and Speed using Skill Points!

I really have come far, huh?

From the weakest adventurer class, to an advanced class…

I almost wept tears of joy at my own development.

This is like being a slacker for most of your academic career, only to study hard and end up in Tokyo U after you graduate highschool.

It was that kind of uplifting feeling.

"The exclusive skills for this class are [Deadeye], [Headshot], [Trap Shot], [Power Shot], [Stealth Archer], [Critical Boost], [Relocation], [Retrieve Ammo] and [Archery Rank-Up]."

My next set of assignments arrived.

You completed the quest, 'Unlock an Advanced Class'!

Quest Reward: Class loot chest

It was getting late, so I teleported back to the mansion after finishing my business in the dungeon.

"...What's going on here?"

There were a bunch of unopened loot boxes outside of my room.

They looked like Amazon boxes piled outside of a NEET's house.

The others, not including Megumin, probably left their loot boxes from the Lake Dragon for me to open.

They even wrote their names on the gift-wrap style wrapping in Sharpie.

I quickly opened them.

Aqua got another incredibly rare, but ultimately useless, item, a dragon riding harness. I almost considered just selling it, but I knew she'd throw a tantrum if I did that.

Darkness got magic gauntlets that slightly raised one's mana, while Rin got a ring that increased that attack power of summoned spirits.

I opened my own loot as well.

Resell Ticket (Ultra Rare)

Restore any item that you have previously sold before. Ownership restrictions will also disappear, giving you the full might of the weapon.

Sells for: 250,000 Yen

A golden ticket appeared in my hands. It had a sparkling, prismatic glow.

I didn't even know that such a mechanic existed.

Truly, this is a valuable item worth the 'Ultra Rare' label.

In terms of items I sold before…

There was a time when I once had Beldia's sword.

I ultimately sold it, since it was worth a lot of money at the time.

I ended up using the resell ticket to bring back the greatsword once belonging to Beldia the Dullahan.

The golden ticket disappeared into sparks, and then the glow spread, taking an amorphous appearance, before solidifying into the recognizable shape of a blade.

The light then scattered into the shadows of the hall, leaving a large, sapphire-colored sword, the handle going to the floor, the blade almost scratching the roof.

This monstrous sword appeared before me once more.

Beldia's Greatsword (Unique, Ownership Changed)

A sapphire greatsword that once belonged to the Demon King general, Beldia. Now belongs to Satou Kazuma.

General's Command - Undead under your control deal +2 more damage with any ability or attack they make. They also have extra +10 health and +1 armor.

Requirements: 100 Strength

Durability: 50/50

Weapon Accuracy: Dexterity modifier = 93% chance of hitting

Weapon Damage: 12 slashing damage + Strength modifier (+10) = 22 damage

Sells for: 1,000,000 yen

…This sword was more powerful than before… I suppose that was because of the ownership restriction.

It was the same way with cheat items.

Still, it seemed to be less powerful and valuable than the Winter Shogun's sword.

…Just goes to show how powerful the Winter Shogun really was.

Part 4

I went back into my room to open my class loot box next.

This loot box will give equipment that is tied to my current class.

Since I had an advanced class right now, I was expecting some very powerful gear.

The loot box was originally white and had no particular design, but it changed into a green color and took on a bow and arrow emblem when I touched it.

When I opened it, there was a green light inside and an item floated out.

Once the light disappeared, I saw that it was a shortbow.

The shortbow was covered in green scales and there were decorative, bat wing-like pieces on the ends that connected the string to the bow.

It also came with a similarly scaled quiver filled with arrows in it.

Green Wyvern Shortbow (Super Rare)

A shortbow made from the bones and scales of a Green Wyvern. Enchanted with wind magic, the range of ammunition fired from this bow is extended by +20 feet. Ammunition fired from this bow also ignores the effects of wind spells that deter the flight of arrows.

Ammo: 30/30 (Wyvern Claw-tipped arrows)

Bow Accuracy: Dexterity modifier + [Bow] = 104% chance of hitting

Weapon Damage: 6 piercing damage + Dexterity modifier (+9) = 15 piercing damage

Sells for: 300,000 Yen

…Even without the upgrades that the Eleven Shortbow had, this new bow was still pretty powerful.

Although, there was a pretty easy way to transfer the upgrades.

"[Smithing]!"

I went ahead and combined the weapons.

The bonus +7 to damage from the Elven Shortbow was then transferred to the Green Wyvern Shortbow.

While I was at it, I also went and upgraded my Treantwood Longbow, using my Bark People wood.

Longbow of the Bark People (Super Rare)

This was harvested from the remains of an evil bandit group. As a folk hero of the Bark People, you will also receive a special ability when using this bow.

Hero of the Bark People - Increased damage when fired at long distance (+4). Ranged attacks receive an additional +1 damage and +80 feet of range when fighting those the Bark People consider enemies.

Ammo: 30/30 (barkwood arrows)

Bow Accuracy: Dexterity modifier + [Bow] = 104% chance of hitting

Weapon Damage: 10 piercing damage + Dexterity modifier (+9) + Bonus (+6) = 25 piercing damage

Sells for: 360,000 Yen

I stored these weapons away in my inventory, happy with the upgrades.

Next, there were the unspent skill points to spend.

I put all 2 skill points on teleport, since I already made an investment on that.

[Teleport] Skill Rank: 4, Active Skill (24 mp)

Instantly teleports up to 4 targets to a marked location (3 marks total). You can teleport a target to an unmarked, random location if it is an inanimate object. If the target is a creature, they must be willing to teleport, otherwise, they will need to pass a 'Willpower' or 'Magic Power' check with advantage. If their 'Willpower' or 'Magic Power' surpasses yours by 20 points or more, the effects of the forced teleport will bounce back to you.

The MP cost was steadily going down.

This was quite an expensive investment just for that, but it was such a useful skill that it was worth it.

Your creation of such powerful weapons has raised your Creativity by +4!

There was also that added side effect.

I would say that was a lot of good work done.

…

…

I already did quite a lot for the day, so I wanted to put the skill acquisition aside for now.

Instead, I wanted to resolve the issue with Dust.

I didn't want to keep delaying that, since it could get even more awkward later on.

It was around the time when he'd visit the succubus shop, too.

I also wanted to see if the Female Orc Brothel's abolishment helped the Succubus Shop in any way.

After taking the dungeon door that left me in front of the Succubus Shop, I entered and found it packed full of app-users again.

…These guys sure were shameless.

They almost left this place to the brink of bankruptcy, now they were back as if nothing happened.

"Ah, Kazuma-san! Thank you so much for helping us!"

Rorisa noticed me right away and flew over with a grateful smile on her face.

…I didn't really do anything.

It was Aqua having a tantrum that somehow resolved the issue.

Well, it wasn't like Aqua would want to take credit for helping the succubi, so I just smiled.

"Fufu… You're welcome."

I mean, I was there when the brothel was shut down, so it wasn't like I was completely uninvolved.

I wanted to chat with Rorisa a bit more, but I saw Dust walking around.

He had a lecherous grin on his face as he was checking out a succubus.

"...Up to the usual business, I see?"

I said, walking up to him.

He gave me a somewhat wary look.

"Oh… If it isn't Kazuma."

I guess he was still cagey from that time he found me snooping around.

"Listen, can we talk? I really want to talk to you…"

"... I only want to hear those kinds of words from a woman."

"Oi, just come with me and I'll pay for your ticket. The only reason why you're leering at the workers is 'coz you can't afford to pay for the services, right?"

"...Ugh, fine."

I took him aside to a private booth. Once we sat down, I said,

"Look… I'm sorry that you felt I breached your privacy…"

"It's fine if you don't do it again."
"Actually, I figured out that you might be the dragon knight…"

"..."

He gave me quite the scary look, even colder than last time.

I held my hands up, not forgetting how he defeated both Chris and me last time.

Even if I was stronger now, I felt that Dust was still stronger than me.

"Oi, oi! I'm on your side, here! Besides, it's not like I'm from the other world, so why would it matter if I know about your past?"

He sighed and leaned back.

"Yeah, I guess you're right."
"Why are you so secretive, anyway? Who cares if you're a runaway knight?"

He glanced away, before finally responding,

"Can't a guy just want a fresh start? That part of my life is over. I'm just Dust now, so it doesn't matter, anyway."

He wasn't being completely forthcoming.

"You know, I will just become more curious if you're secretive like that."

"This guy… I mean, how would you feel if you lost your home and position, and the way you got kicked out turned into a fairy tale? If I were to put it in your world's terms, that's like being fired from your job, only to have a Hollywood studio making a movie out of it, without your permission."

He raised a good point that I couldn't really counter.

"...How did you story even spread around in this world, anyway?"

"I don't even know how, but I heard that there's a book that's telling my story, even in this world?!"

I glanced away, since I knew that book well.

Rin recommended that book to me very early on into our relationship, after all.

If Dust heard that I bonded with a girl partly due to his story, he would get even angrier.

"Who is the other worlder that's profiting from me, huh?! I want a cut of the profit!"

Yeah, I could totally understand.

If someone took the worst parts of my life, my NEET days, and spread that around like a fairy tale, without so much as my permission, I would have been pretty angry and distrustful, too.

"Sorry, I didn't think of it like that."

He shrugged his shoulders.

"Well, as long as you understand. But yeah, I don't like talking 'bout my past, so if we're gonna be friends, then just don't talk about it, yeah?"

"Alright. I won't bring it up again unless you want me to."

"...And you'll pay for my ticket, right?"

"Yeah, yeah."

After I promised to pay for his ticket, he left the booth with a goofy smile, that serious look of his seeming almost as if it were a mirage.

Your bond with Dust has been restored!

Your bond has also deepened!

Dust (Blond Delinquent), Bond Rank: 6

Friends fight, but true friends reconcile afterwards. You have learned not to push too far when it comes to learning Dust's secrets, and Dust has learned to let himself open up to his friends more. Meanwhile, this humble Aika-chan has also learned to respect people's privacy and not expose their secrets too much on this app. Lessons learned for everyone involved!

Bond Reward: +20 Dexterity

…Aika-chan keeps inserting herself into these bond ranks now.

What a mischievous child.

Still, at least she learned her lesson about respecting people's privacy.

Part 5

Once I was done talking to Dust, Rorisa approached me again.

"Ah, Kazuma-san, please come to the usual place! I have some things I would like to talk to you about!"

"Oh, sure."

The last time I had a session with Rorisa, I was given quite a treat.

With those expectations in mind, I went to the private room they reserved for me.

Only to see a cake waiting for me there.

"Surprise! We made this in appreciation of what you did for us!"

Rorisa said from behind me.

I saw that they made a drawing of my face on the icing, along with Rorisa and some other succubi. It was a very cute gesture, and I was touched by it all.

…Which made me feel guiltier considering how I didn't actually have much to do with their business returning to normal.

"Um… S-Sorry, the truth is…"

I ended up telling Rorisa the truth.

Seeing such a cute cake, I couldn't take credit for Aqua's work anymore.

"Ah… So that's how it is… Well, thanks for being honest! Can you introduce us to this teammate of yours? We'd like to thank them!"

"...Well, she's an Arch-Priest who absolutely hates devils and demons… Sorry."

Seeing how little impulse control Aqua had, I didn't want her to come down here and start exorcising all the succubi.

It was bad enough having her sniff me everytime I returned from here.

There was a bit of an awkward mood, as I stared at the cake that had my face on it.

A part of me was tempted to just keep it a secret, but…

If anyone sees such a heartfelt gesture, they'd probably cave, too.

Rorisa giggled and hugged my arm.

"...When I first met Kazuma-san, I didn't think that you'd be the type who is surprisingly nice and honest. I thought you'd be a bit more greedy."

"I give off that kind of impression, huh?"

Well, I've gone through a lot since then.

I even have a 'daughter' now, so I guess I feel like I have to be a bit more mature.

It's a challenge sometimes, though.

"So, yeah… Sorry I can't introduce you to your real hero, but if you want, I can take this cake and give it to Aqua later."

I just had to cut a piece of the frosting without the faces on it.

"I'd appreciate that a lot! But Kazuma-san… You don't need to feel like you didn't do anything. I'm still grateful to you."

She went on her toes and gave me a kiss on the cheek.

"W-Well, if you say so…"

I said, unable to stop myself from getting in the mood, even if it was just a simple kiss on the cheek.

"Hey… Does Kazuma-san want to… do that again?"

Her voice changed from sweet and innocent to sultry and seductive…

Yeah, there was no way I was saying no.

She led me to the bed. Even though I was the most experienced one, for some reason, I found myself following her lead everytime.

"...Kazuma-san, there's no need to feel so awkward."

"R-Right."

I laid down on the bed, just as Rorisa joined me.

Her small hands reached down to work on getting my belt off. I didn't want to be completely despondent, so I removed the rest of my pants, then my boxers.

It was almost embarrassing how hard I was right away, without her even touching me.

I blame those damn succubus pheromones!

"Ah… I love it when you're so energetic, Kazuma-san… Thanks for the treat~!"

She looked at my cock as if it were a delicacy.

I moaned as she started touching my cock, small hands rubbing all along my shaft.

"It might be too late to say this but… If you're just repaying me, you don't have to keep doing this."

She pouted when I said this.

"Do I really seem like that kind of girl…?"

I immediately shut up.

That's right… I shouldn't be talking like the typical clueless virgin.

Girls aren't always fairy-like creatures who are completely pure. Some of them just want to do lewd things without thinking too hard about it.

…Especially so since the girl in question here is a succubus.

As long as Rorisa was consenting, I should just enjoy this along with her.

Her skills were really so good that I couldn't help but just lay there and try not to cum right away.

And then, she leaned down and started licking the tip.

I was full on moaning now, especially as I felt her lips wrapping around me.

She giggled, as she gave me that amazing blowjob of hers.

She kept moving her head, mouth expertly sucking, cheeks drawing in from the pleasant suction.

My hands went to her head, gently holding it, my vision almost fading as the pleasure accumulated.

The way she teased my glans with her tongue, the way she easily took my cock deep inside her, even up to her throat.

It was too much for the mortal mind.

"I'm gonna…!"

Without even hesitating, she let me cum deep into her throat. I tried not to push her down, but she actually went deeper of her own volition. A normal human should have been gagging by now, but…

I guess this is a succubus, after all.

She left me gasping and shaking as she withdrew, smiling as she licked her lips.

"I got some advice from the others… I hope I improved!"

As if she needed to improve.

Not even the world's best courtesan could compete with that…

Still, even if she said that she wasn't just doing this to thank me, I wanted to show her my appreciation in some other way.

"Hey… What do you do in your time off, Rorisa? Sorry if I already asked this before…"

"Hehe, no problem!"

She rubbed her chin in though.

"Hmm… Nothing much? I guess I just relax and go shopping outside sometimes…"

"I see… How about I take you shopping one of these days?"

"Eh? Really? I'd love that!"

"Yeah, I'll buy you anything you want! Even if it's Gucci or Prada!"

"Hm? What are those?"

I guess she wouldn't know about the famous brands of this world.

Rorisa (Rookie Succubus), Bond Rank: 6

At Rank 6, Rorisa sees you as a kind man who is also surprisingly honest, unwilling to take credit for the deeds of others. Even if you weren't the one who saved the succubus shop, she holds you in high-regard, and has decided to trust you even more, as well as depend on you. You promised to take her out on a shopping date in the future, although she doesn't seem to know what Gucci is.

Bond Reward: +20 Charisma

Part 6

It was a day off the next day, and when I was about to start my morning, I sent a text to Konno-san.

We talked about me coming to clean her room again, so I wanted to see if she was free that day.

I received a text soon after, saying that I could come over.

After having a quick breakfast, I changed and took the dungeon door to the train station.

While I was on the train, I noticed a lot of eyes on me.

That was when I remembered that my Charisma went up by a whole 20 points due to my bond reward from Rorisa.

A reminder, 90 represents the peak ability of humanity.

My Charisma is now at 103 points.

And my Attractiveness wasn't that bad either, at 71 points.

"U-Um… C-Can we please have your LINE?!"

A group of girls my age went up to me, blushing as they held their phones out.

I'm actually being hit on now in such a public setting, huh?

…Well, this is flattering, but…

Actually, what should I do?

I do have my code that I always promised to adhere to.

Satou Kazuma doesn't reject the advances of beautiful women.

And these girls were pretty attractive.

But at some point… There should be a limit, right?

I mean, the girl I'm about to see now, Konno-san, I wasn't intending for our relationship to go past a friendship, and I was sure she felt the same way.

And I did have that spontaneous moment with Kuroko, but she wasn't a complete stranger to me, but an old friend.

…But these were just random girls, so…

"Ah, sorry, I already have a girlfriend."

"Is that so…"

Well, more than one, actually.

They bowed to me, then quietly went away.

I thought that whole interaction would have been more awkward, but honestly, it wasn't so bad.

The girls got to shoot their shot, and I felt flattered by their attention.

Maybe it was the same for women who were hit on by guys?

Then again, women often complained about guys hitting on them.

…I suppose it was too early for me to say.

This could be one of those situations where the first few times were tolerable, but it gets annoying if it keeps happening.

Although, I couldn't imagine getting tired of cute girls hitting on me.

I started to think about something else, though.

…What if Konno-san fell in love with me because of my high charisma?!

Even if she was used to being around handsome, charismatic men in showbiz, I was now at a level of superhuman Charisma.

How troubling…

Would I have to friendzone Konno-san?

Ah… Being an ikemen sure is difficult.

Why do I have to be so charismatic?!"

"Hm? Satou-san, did you get a new haircut, or something? Something feels a bit different…"

Perhaps I didn't need to be so worried, since Konno-san had that kind of reaction when she answered the door and saw me.

…Isn't this rather weird?

Even though all those girls, and even grown women, were checking me out on the train…

Well, I guess it didn't matter how charismatic one's friend was. If you only saw them as a friend, they'd stay as a friend.

Just like how even if your sister is the hottest girl in the world, you'd still only see her as your sister.

That kind of deal.

She stepped aside and let me enter. Thankfully, she learned her lesson from last time and hid all the Axel Hearts memorabilia.

"You want some tea, or juice?"

"Juice is fine."

"'Kay, you can go up to my room now. You know where it is, right?"

"Yup. See you in a bit."

Even though I felt a bit insulted that my charisma had no effect on her whatsoever, I was also relieved that we could stay on our comfortable, friendly terms.

She came up soon after and brought the drinks down on the table. I thanked her and took a sip, then looked around her room.

"...How did this happen?"

Even though I did such a thorough cleaning job last time, it looks like a mess again.

"W-Well, things happen…"

"Define 'things'."

"For example, I had some girl friends come for a sleepover, and we had a pillow fight."

"That explains all the pillows. What about the rest of the clutter?"

"...Well, that's just from a day-to-day accumulation of clutter. You know how it is."

"I really don't."

I sighed and started getting to work, with Konno-san bowing to me in apology.

I started with the pillows first, picking them up and stacking them.

From there, I worked on other items, such as clothes and PET bottles.

As I was digging through the clutter, I happened to pull out a bra from the pile.

"Erk…"

Konno-san made a strange sound.

"Sorry about that…"

She gave a bit of an awkward chuckle, before taking the bra away from me.

Only for me to pull a pair of panties out next.

"...Sorry again."

"No matter how many times you say sorry, I'm still being forced to touch your used underwear, you know?"

"Y-Yeah… Do you want some gloves, or something?"

Hygiene wasn't really the problem here.

"...You're pretty fast, Satou-san."

Konno-san said, as she watched me move around the room to tidy it up.

It was all thanks to my upgraded speed and dexterity.

Although, using such abilities on cleaning was probably a bit of a waste.

"I'm a soccer player, after all."

"I see. But are high school athletes normally this physically impressive…?"

She really did have high intuition.

"...Found another pair of panties."

"I'm truly sorry about that, Satou-san."

In order to distract her, I lifted a pair of panties.

The fact that they were rather bold lingerie types made it all the more awkward.

About an hour later, we finally finished cleaning up the room.

"Ah… I can breathe again…"
Konno-san said, as she spun around the room as if she were dancing in a field of flowers.

She looked like she was in a commercial for an air freshener.

"I'll be back next week to clean it."

Rather than denying it, or claiming that she wouldn't get it dirty in such a short time, she only bowed deeply.

"Thank you so much for your continued assistance."

I poked her on the head.

"What's with all the formality?"

She raised her head again, then said,

"So, what do you wanna do? We can hang out for the next few hours."

"Oh? Not gonna kick me out as soon as my task is done?"

She sighed and placed a hand on her waist.

"You think I kick my friends out as soon as they're done doing me a favor? Actually, you don't have a choice. Come hang out with me."

After a pause, she said,

"Well, unless you already made plans, of course."

I ended up coming down with her to her living room. She poured some more drinks and took out some rice crackers, then put Netflix on.

"...You were watching a Sumo documentary? Are you interested in Sumo, or something?"

"I was just bored, I guess. What do you normally watch? Anime?"

"Oi, Konno-san? Why do you just assume that I watch anime…"

"The fact that you're getting so defensive is pretty telling, you know?"

I suppose only an otaku would act like that.

A normie will respond with, 'Anime? Yeah, I watch One Piece and JJK'.

We ended up watching some random interior decorating show.

Midway through the episode, her phone started to ring.

She placed her phone on the drawer table beside me. I was about to reach for it.

Only to see that it was a timer.

That wouldn't have been an issue, but her lock screen changed to a picture of her in an Axel Hearts costume, along with the other members.

Ah, I shouldn't have let my guard down.

Konno-san lunged towards the phone, almost knocking me over.

"..."

We stared at each other, as our faces were only a few inches apart.

Well, if my strength stat was lower, I would have ended up being pinned down on the couch.

That would have been a worse outcome.

"Um… Ah…"

As expected, she couldn't really make an excuse about this.

I mean, why would she be so panicked about a mere timer?

Another guy would have expected that she was trying to make a move right now.

I mean, she was all alone with a guy, invited him to watch Netflix, and now she was throwing herself on the guy.

Even in a court of law, the court would side with the man if something were to happen.

Thankfully for her, I knew better.

"Um… I… I wasn't…"

I chuckled as the timer went into snooze mode.

"You got an embarrassing background pic you don't want me to see, or something?"

"...Something like that. Uh… Sorry for jumping on you like that."

"It's fine. I don't mind. I know you didn't mean anything by it."

"Still…"

She still looked embarrassed, so I put my arm around her and went back to watching TV.

As if to say, we're friends. I don't mind a bit of physical contact.

She chuckled as well, and even leaned her head into my shoulder as we continued watching. She sighed as she was finally able to relax.

"...You're a good friend… Satou… Erm… Kazuma."

"Oh? We're on a first name basis now?"

"We're cuddling on a couch watching Netflix, I think it's more than appropriate."

"Right… Lia-chan~!"

"Oi…"

We ended up watching a couple episodes of that interior decorating show.

Your bond with Lia has deepened!

Konno Lia (Idol-In-Disguise), Bond Rank: 6

At Rank 6, you are more comfortable with Lia than ever, going on a first name basis, and even getting to a point where you're comfortable with some friendly cuddling. Lia seems unaffected by your high Charisma stat, but respects you and loves hanging out with you. She seems to be debating whether she should keep her secret from you, but doesn't want to do anything to ruin your friendship right now.

Bond Reward: +20 Intuition

…Also, keeping your knowledge that she's an idol to yourself has increased your Cunning by +5!

Part 7

I left Lia's house a couple hours later. It wasn't quite evening yet, but the beginning of a sunset was starting to stretch shadows in the streets. These were prime hours for people to enjoy the vestiges of their free time, so the streets were packed with people of all demographics.

Since I rarely had free time to myself, I bought some bubble tea as a treat. I noticed more girls looking at me, even older women.

Humu… Yeah, this never really gets tiring.

After I finished my bubble tea, I received a call from Sena.

"...We are ready for the transfer now. Please wait at the dungeon to receive the materials."

It was finally time.

I teleported to the dungeon, then opened the door that I created for the soldiers.

Once the door opened, I saw Marika-san and the other troop members walking in, wearing hazmat suits.

"...Please wear these as well, Satou-san."

I nodded and placed the hazmat suit in my inventory, then equipped it, so they wouldn't have to wait for me to put the whole thing on manually.

After that, they brought in the materials, stored away in heavy containers.

"So, how have you guys been?"

I said, as I led them to the dungeon floor where they would store the materials.

"...We're trying to focus on this delicate task here, so please save the small talk for later."

I suppose I was taking it too easy.

After they set everything down, they waited to see what I would do.

Then, without even taking the materials out of the containers, I held my hand out.

"[Smithing]!"

The parts moved out of the containers, and just like puzzle pieces connecting, they flew into place and constructed themselves to the design I had in mind.

I did some research on reactors and read the manuals they sent me. The maxed out smithing skill took care of the rest.

And just like that, my reactor was ready.

"...Eh? It's already done?"

They said, blinking after they watched the quick process.

Getting the paperwork and approval for this was more difficult than actually constructing the thing.

"Yup. We don't need to worry about radioactive waste, either, because the dungeon will just absorb it."

Just like it absorbed everything else.

"...Satou-san… Isn't this kind of a ridiculous invention? Scientists have been finding ways to reduce radioactive waste… And you're telling me that the dungeon can just eat it up?"

I chuckled and said to Marika-san.

"Ah, today's technology sure is wonderful, isn't it?"

"This has nothing to do with today's technology!"

"Anyway, why don't we try it out? You guys still have the adventurer class, right?"

The only thing they could do was nod. I guess they were still too shocked about that reactor business.

With nuclear power hooked on, I didn't have to worry as much about conserving energy from the manatite core.

I went to the laptop and cloned the golem EXP farm, creating several rooms for each of the soldiers.

"Alright, use the [Create Trap] skill I taught you guys, then place traps on each of the pitfall here… Then all we need to do is have the golems fall down, and…"

"...?!!"

They stared in shock as they gained EXP just from setting down traps.

"A-Are you telling me we can gain EXP without even doing anything?"

I nodded at the soldier's shocked question.

"Yup. And with the nuclear plant active, I can keep this farm going all day."

"...This is kind of ridiculous."

"Oh, yeah, I've made a dungeon door in the military base, now, so you can come here anytime. I can also make personal rooms and stuff. You can kill the golems faster on your own, so come here when you're free to power level."

Not only that, but them being in the dungeon will give me the Dungeon Points I need. All this energy only allowed me to create the basic stuff, but I wanted to get into the advanced features as soon as possible.

Of course, I also needed to make this publicly accessible to the app-users, too. Not only to appease Vanir, but to farm them for DP.

"...You always surprise us, Captain…"

I chuckled and said,

"If you have any requests for your personal rooms, make sure to tell me."

"...This place is already more accommodating than the base."

Was a dungeon really that much more comfortable than a military base?

Your bond with the Satou Kazuma Squad has deepened!

Satou Kazuma Squad (JSDF Forces), Bond Rank: 4

At Rank 4, your squad has a deeper respect for your ingenuity. They are much more optimistic about the war now, even if their morale was low after the frequent explosion attacks to the military bases from Wolbach. They also appreciate how you took their comfort into consideration when offering to make personal rooms for them in the dungeon.

Bond Reward: Weapon skill Rank-Up

Installing a nuclear reactor to your dungeon has also increased your Creativity and Bravery by +10!

While I was in the dungeon anyway, I went about learning the new Sniper class skills.

Thankfully, it seemed like it was much easier to unlock them than the esoteric Necromancy skills.

For [Headshot], all I needed to do was shoot a golem on the head. [Trap Shot] only entailed shooting a golem while it was stuck in the trap. [Power Shot] is also pretty self-explanatory, I just had to pull the bowstring at its max power before shooting it. [Stealth Archer] only needed me to hide before shooting an arrow.

[Critical Boost] was easily unlocked just by raising my crit chance with [Merciless Strike]. Maybe I would have had a bit more trouble if I didn't already have a similar skill. [Relocation] just needed me to change my spot after firing an arrow. And [Archery Rank-Up] actually came with the class, it increased the max skill rank of archery related skills to Rank 6.

The only somewhat tricky one was [Deadeye], which was a skill that slowed down one's perception of time when focusing on a shot. It took an hour to actually get this skill, but I eventually got it in the end.

You unlocked all the exclusive Sniper class skills!

[Dead Eye] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp)

When you're focusing on a shot, you can choose to slow down your own perception of time to align the perfect shot. This effect lasts for 1 second.

[Headshot] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

When you deal a headshot, increase the damage dealt by +2.

[Trap Shot] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

When a target has the 'trapped' condition, whether by a traditional trap or magical means, they will take +1 extra damage from your ranged attacks.

[Power Shot] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp)

Increase the time spent drawing the bowstring. Increases damage dealt by +1 for each second the bowstring is drawn (max 3 seconds), however, each second that passes decreases your accuracy by 20%.

[Stealth Archer] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

When you shoot from a hidden position, your location will not be revealed unless creatures who are actively looking for you pass an Intuition check against your Cunning (94) with disadvantage.

[Critical Boost] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Your Critical Hit chance permanently increases by 10%.

[Relocation] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

After a ranged attack, your movement speed is doubled if you are moving to another location.

[Retrieve Ammo] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp)

You can have up to three fired ammunition teleport back to your hands or quiver, as long as it was used in a ranged attack in the past 5 seconds. Ammunition will no longer break or become lost during a battle.

[Archery Rank-Up] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

All archery related skills have their max Skill Rank increase to Rank 6. However, the skill points required to level those skills increases by 2 skill points.

…As expected of an advanced class.

Not only were there a lot of skills, but most of them were already useful enough to become bread and butter skills.

Not only that, but not one skill went above 5 mp cost. I suppose that reflects the Sniper's need to be efficient.

…The Rank 6 upgrade option was tempting, but that 2 skill point requirement was pretty expensive.

Which made me even more annoyed at Aqua and Megumin, who had their party tricks and explosion magic beyond rank 5 by now.

Well, I suppose there was no need to get jealous.

After unlocking the skills, I made the rooms for the soldiers as I promised, then I went out of the dungeon to join the others for dinner.

"Allow me to show this party trick I upgraded to Rank 10! …Kazuma, why are you glaring at me right now?"

"How dare you give that kind of nasty look to mama!"

I couldn't help but give Aqua a death glare across the table.

Which, of course, made Aika-chan pout disapprovingly at me.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, NightSight and 208 others
BoringBone
Apr 19, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 50: Blessing This Minotaur With a Labyrinth!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Apr 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,217
A/N: Happy 50th chapter! Thank you all for reading! Please continue to support me with all your comments!

Also, 'Blessing This Chuunibyou Village With A Repopulation' Chapter 2 is now out on my Patreon! Here's Chapter 1 if you wanna go back to the start! Both are available to members and for purchase!


Chapter 50: Blessing This Minotaur With a Labyrinth!

Part 1

After dinner, Iris asked me to come to her room.

The reason being, she was set to go to school tomorrow, and she wanted to practice her introductions.

"I am Iris Belzerg! The number one sword princess in the world!"

"...Don't ever ask Megumin for advice ever again."

I said, once Iris showed me her introduction.

"Eh? But Megumin nee-sama said that I will make an impression if I do that…"

She wasn't lying about that part, but I bet it wasn't the kind of impression Iris wanted to make.

"What kind of impression should I make, then?"
"First of all, why don't you introduce yourself as Satou Iris? Then, tell everyone about your awesome onii-chan…"

"...That's not gonna happen, onii-sama. Please be serious about this!"

I was serious, though.

"Don't worry too much about it. If anyone bullies Iris, I will just use my government contacts to have their parents get a new job at a different prefecture, so they will be forced to leave your life forever."

"Onii-sama! Stop saying such scary things!"

"...In any case, don't worry so much about your school life and relax. I know, how about we play some games tonight?"

"...! I'd love that! Maybe have some treats, too?"

"You might not be able to sleep, and you'll have trouble waking up before your first day of school."

"That's not a problem! Out on the battlefield, I was able to stay up for four days in a row with no sleep whatsoever!"

"Let's have some treats."

I really wanted to spoil this poor girl rotten.

Someone like Aika-chan always demanded to be spoiled, but Iris here asked for very little.

Even though I knew it wasn't good for her health, I gave her a bunch of sweets while we played games all night.

Now, I know that I told Iris not to worry about her first day of school.

But when we said goodnight and I went into my own room to sleep, I was suddenly filled with worries.

…What if something goes wrong?!

Iris is so cute, plus, she's a foreigner.

It's unlikely, but what if she becomes a target of bullying from other girls?

"Tch… Who does that girl think she is?"

"Just because she's a little cute, all the boys are paying attention to her…"

"Let's teach her a lesson, shall we? Ohohoho!"

And then those bitches will steal Iris's shoes, or put flowers on her desk, along with a framed picture of her.

…I'll kill those little monsters!

I accidentally tore my pillow in half while thinking about Iris getting bullied.

…

…

The next morning, I did something I hadn't done in a while.

I called my dad and asked him to call in sick for me.

"Eh? Kazuma… Don't tell me you're back to your old self…"

My dad asked worriedly, after I called him.

He was worried that I was returning to my lazy days of skipping school.

I used [Versatile Entertainer] to make my voice sound sick.

"Cough… cough… No, I really am sick… Cough…"

"Yikes. Alright, make sure you rest up, OK?"

I thanked him and hung up.

Now, as for the reason why I was doing this…

I decided to follow Iris to her school.

Using the [Disguise] skill, I took on the appearance of a janitor.

Please don't judge me for doing this.

I was just worried sick about my little sister.

If some middle-school brat dares to bully Iris, I will make sure that they regret it.

My appearance was that of a nondescript middle aged janitor.

With my stealth skills and disguise, I was able to easily infiltrate the school.

I then pretended to mop outside of Iris's classroom.

Meanwhile, I used [Espionage] to listen in on her introduction.

"...I'm Iris! I'm pleased to meet all of you! I come from England and my Japanese is not great yet… But I hope we all get along…!"

Her introduction was met with applause.

…They should be clapping more!

Those ungrateful brats are not clapping enough even though my brave imouto gave such an outstanding introduction?!

"Hm? Why do I hear clapping outside?"

Ah, I unintentionally started clapping as well.

I left just as the sensei checked outside the door to see what was happening.

When it was time for lunch break, I discreetly went into the cafeteria to follow Iris.

"Iris, over here!"

Kazuto waved Iris over when she arrived.

"Oh? You already know Satou-kun, Iris-san?"

The girls who were following Iris said.

"Yeah! He's a family friend!"

So that was their cover story.

"Fufu… Satou-kun sure is cute, isn't he?"

"Ah, you two would make a good couple…"

Iris blushed at the girls' words.

"Y-You think so?"

"Yeah, you two should date~!"

"Excuse me."

I interrupted by going through the group, pretending like I was going to take out the garbage.

"Ah, sorry, we should move out of the way."

The girls bowed to me, then went over to Kazuto's table.

Young girls talking about cute guys and dating…

How shameless!

Iris shouldn't date until she's 30 years old!

No, actually, she shouldn't date ever!

…OK, maybe I was going too far now.

Once classes ended, I waited for Iris and Kazuto outside the school gate.

"Ah, onii-sama! What are you doing here?"

Iris said, when she saw me waiting outside, after I changed out of my disguise.

"It's your first day of school, so I wanted to pick you up! Ah, how about we go get something tasty? My treat!"

"Oh, thanks, nii-san. Can we go to a family restaurant?"

For some reason, Kazuto was talking as if he was invited.

"Yay! Thanks so much for treating us, onii-sama! You're so generous!"

"Of course!"

I couldn't tell Kazuto to buzz off after that.

I took them to the family restaurant and let them order whatever they wanted.

While they were eating, I saw them having fun talking to each other.

…I'm kinda intruding, aren't I?

Not only that, I was being an overbearing brother by following her everywhere on her first day of school.

"Ah… I'll leave you two alone. Here's some money."

I left them some bills then stood up.

"Eh? Onii-sama, where are you going?"

"Oh, I got some stuff to do. You kids enjoy yourselves."

Yeah, I should just let her enjoy her new life.

"Heh, finally the third wheel has left. Ah, how about we go to karaoke after this, Iris…"

"On second thought, I'm not so busy after all."

"Eh?!"

I sat back down once I heard what Kazuto said.

"...Nii-san… What happened to that cool speech from earlier?"

Kazuto said, gritting his teeth as he tried to keep up a smile.

"Hm? It's better if there's an adult supervising you two, right?"

"Where's the adult?! You're a teenager yourself! Trying to act like you're our uncle is just cringey!"

I was aware that I was being a total clockblock right now.

If I was Kazuto, and my nii-san was constantly trying to get between me and my crush, I would be quite angry, too.

"...Nii-san, come with me for a moment."

I stood up and followed Kazuto to the drink bar.

"Oi… I thought you said you wouldn't interfere from now on."

He said, reminding me of my promise during the trip.

"...It's not like I promised anything. I just left you alone because you guilt-tripped me about Aqua."

"Well, are you telling me you're not feeling guilty now?! You're just being an asshole!"

"Oi, why would I let you take Iris to some shady karaoke, slip something into her drink, and do something despicable to her, while filming the whole thing to blackmail her later!"

"Do you really think I'm capable of doing something like that?!"

"Of course I would with that creepy face of yours!"

"We have the same face, dumbass!"

We quieted down when a waitress stared suspiciously at us.

"...Oi, just believe me when I say that I'm not gonna do anything weird."

I gave him a flat look.

"I wasn't born yesterday! You told me during those 'lessons' that karaoke is the best place to do lewd things with a girl!"

He averted his eyes when I caught him in his lie.

"F-Fine! I promise that I won't get past first base with her!"

"Forget first base, I'm not even gonna let you onto the field!"

"You're too damn strict!"

We both stared intensely at each other.

"...Iris is gonna hate you if you're too protective."

"Urk."

I let out a pained groan, knowing he was right.

Still, I refused to give up. I said,

"...You can go on dates with her, but you have to be in a public space! No karaoke, no abandoned buildings, no sneaking off at night to meet up in the park!"

He rolled his eyes and said,

"Tch… Fine…"

"...And no kissing. No hand holding, or hugging. And don't even breathe the same air as her. In fact, you shouldn't even exist in the same country. Pack your bags, you're going to Greenland."

"What the hell's wrong with you?!"

Well, I said what I had to say.

…I really couldn't interfere past this point.

If I kept watching them like a hawk, both of them would end up hating me at this rate.

Well, I was pretty sure Kazuto already hated me.

And so, after we finished our meal, we went outside and I said,

"Alright, you two kids have fun now."

"Ah, before you go, onii-sama…"

Iris went up to me with a smile.

"I was really nervous for my first day, but you helped me so much with practice last night. It would have been a disaster if I listened to Megumin nee-san and didn't consult you…"

"As long as you know that asking Megumin for school advice is tantamount to social suicide."

"I-I wouldn't go that far."

That was the truth, though.

Iris (Sword Princess), Bond Rank: 5

At Rank 5, although Iris didn't know about your creepy stalker behavior, she felt safe throughout the day, as if a guardian angel was watching over her. She is thankful that you gave her good advice regarding her introduction, and even more grateful that you aren't as strict with her as her guardians back home, especially regarding her friendship with boys her own age. Continuing to care for her as your little sister, while also giving her an appropriate amount of freedom, will deepen your relationship with Iris.

Bond Reward: +20 Potential

Part 2

My Potential doubled all of a sudden.

…Did I just drink the ultra divine water?

No, that sounds wrong, considering this upgrade came from Iris.

Not only that, but my golem farm has been running nonstop since I got the reactors.

I received 600 EXP throughout the day.

I wanted to go back to the dungeon with the others that night, but I was also looking to upgrade my armor.

My weapons received an upgrade, and now I even had a Magician's Cape that raised my mana capacity and regeneration.

My armor was due to an upgrade as well.

Of course, I had the max [Smithing] skill, but I still needed the materials for an upgrade. I couldn't just make epic-tier armor out of thin air.

And so, I had to go back to that stingy old man of a blacksmith.

When I went there, I was planning on showing off my maxed out [Smithing] skill, but…

"What do you mean you're Rank 6?!"

I said, unable to believe what the oji-san blacksmith was saying to me.

He shrugged and said,

"I used the money I made from that government contract and hired some app-users. They take me down to the dungeon and help me level up and gather rare materials."

"...What's with the sudden increase in motivation?"

From what I remembered from last time, the blacksmith only went to the dungeon to trade with app-users or retrieve materials.

He rubbed the back of his head.

"Well… You see, my daughter's birthday is coming up. I think I mentioned this before, but she's the one who got me this phone."

He briefly lifted his phone, before placing it back down on the counter.

"If I didn't have this phone, I would have never discovered the app. I admit, all this app stuff has made my life a bit less boring. So I wanna make it up to her with a big birthday gift… Oi, what's with that face?!"

I was trying not to chuckle.

That was because seeing this hardass of a blacksmith talking about his daughter so fondly was hilarious.

"Ah, well… I also get it, oji-san."

"...Eh? Why do I feel a sense of camaraderie with you? Do you have kids? At that age?"

Did I really give off that much of a fatherly energy, that other fathers could sense it?

Like how Stand users attract other Stand users?

Actually, this could be a good chance to build a bond with this guy!

Even though he has the potential to enter the dungeon, I haven't had any bonds with this guy yet.

I even had a bond with Vanir.

…Although that bond never increased.

In any case, I should shoot my shot.

…That sounds like I was trying to seduce this oji-san.

"Ah… Well… Yeah, I do have a daughter."

The oji-san gave me a look of sympathy.

"A single father, huh? Trust me, I know how that is."

…Why did he assume I'm a single father?

Still, there was a good connection happening here, so I didn't correct him.

"So, what'd you come here for, pal?"

He said, giving me a smile for the first time.

And also… calling me pal…

W-What is this pleasantness I'm feeling?

I finally managed to conquer the hard-to-get oji-san?!

"I-I made this sword for you… B-But it's not like I like you or anything, baka!"

…Actually, let's not imagine that, unless I wanna throw up the meal I just ate.

"Ah… I came here for an upgrade to my mithril armor. It's been a while."

"Hm… Well, with the materials I have right now, I can give you a Super Rare armor as an upgrade. You wanna upgrade your sword, too? I'll give you a discount if you do both."

"Ah, sure, why not."

"Great. Both upgrades will cost you 10 million Yen."

"What happened to the discount?!"

Does this guy like me or not?

"Hah? I'm giving you a total of 4 million Yen of discount! You gonna be an ungrateful little bitch or what?!"

Ah, crap, his affection points were going down.

In the end, I ended up paying him.

…Also, with how much money he was making, what kind of insane gift was he gonna give his daughter? A lamborghini?

He took out a block of red-ish ore. I recognized it as adamantite.

"Hm? Isn't that used in heavy armor?"

"Yeah, but it can be used to line your Mithril armor. And it's done."

"...I paid 5 million Yen just for you to line my armor with another metal? And it only took you a second to do! Oi, I could have done that myself if I had the materials…!!!"

"Obviously there are boosts that come with the Blacksmith class, so stop whining already!"

"...How do you unlock the Blacksmith class, anyway?"

I already had the [Smithing] skill maxed out, plus my creativity was very high. What else did I need?

"Well, you need to own a smithy and sell your goods to customers, of course."

I looked around at his pawn shop.

"...This is considered a smithy?"

"Got a problem with that?"

In order not to piss him off even more, I didn't comment.

Mithril-Adamantite Half-Plate - Medium Armor (Super Rare)

A set that includes a breast plate, pauldrons and chausses. The mithril has a light blue sheen, while the Adamantite lining provides a red lustre. Reduces incoming damage by +14. Applies -11 penalty to stealth related stats when sneaking.

Sells for: 4,200,000 Yen

I checked my armor out, then I had a thought.

"...My friend is a Crusader who uses Adamantine armor, but how come her armor doesn't look red?"

Her armor was white with a golden trim, providing the image of a real Crusader.

Even though the reality was far from it.

"Then she probably had a custom design applied."

I see.

So Darkness is one of those who wastes money on useless cosmetics.

"Let me change the design for this as well."

I'm also one of those people.

"Custom colors are 10,000 Yen, while designs will cost you 50,000 Yen."

…This guy was really shameless in terms of prices.

While I was at it, I also had my magician's cape redesigned.

I went for a green, black and white design for the armor and cape, similar to my tracksuit.

Those were my favorite colors, after all.

I didn't add any other designs on it, so I only had to end up paying 20,000 Yen.

Well, I say 'only', even though I would have freaked out at spending that kind of money back then.

Next up was the upgrade for the ever trusty Chunchumaru.

Like with the armor, he lined the blade with Adamantite.

Chunchunmaru (Unique) - Signature Weapon

Forged and upgraded by Legendary Blacksmith. Enchanted by Wiz. Named by Megumin.

Durability: 50/50

Weapon Accuracy: Dexterity modifier + [One-handed Sword] = 140% chance of hitting

Weapon Damage: 8 slashing damage + Strength modifier (+10) + Bonus (+8) = 26 damage

Sells for: 4,940,000 yen

Fufu… The glee from seeing your weapons and gear increasing in power…

That just goes to show that I was still a gamer at the end of the day.

Even if it's a crappy game, the inclusion of cool gear will make the grind worth it. That was my mentality in those days.

After I paid for everything, I said,

"Ah, I hope your daughter has a good birthday."

The oji-san smiled and said,

"Thanks. Be careful on your way out."

It seems that I earned a lot of affection points for that one.

You have finally established a bond with the blacksmith oji-san…!

Sakamoto Daichi (Blacksmith oji-san), Bond Rank: 1

You never thought it would happen, but you actually managed to establish a bond with this mean, stingy oji-san. You've discovered that he loves his daughter very much, and he's planning something crazy for her birthday. Continuing to spend money on his shop and complimenting his daughter will deepen your bond with him.

Part 3

With my new gear acquired, I had everyone gather in the dungeon.

"Hah… Do we really need to come here so soon after the last time?"

Aqua said, not looking enthused at all.

"What would you rather be doing right now? Watching TV?"

"Duh! Even playing that MMO is better than this!"

It was true that it was a while since we had an MMO training session.

"Alright, we can play games next time. But for now, focus on the dungeon."

After we teleported to the 51st floor, Mitsurugi said,

"For this floor, the biggest threats are the Elemental Knights."

According to Mitsurugi's explanation, Elemental Knights were elementals who could not only equip armor and weapons, but even enhance them with their abilities.

Although they weren't completely intelligent, they were capable of adapting in combat.

However, before we could encounter an Elemental Knight, we came across a Goblin King.

Goblin Kings are goblins that wear a golden crown, as well as a luxurious robe that they wore over chainmail.

They were also accompanied by regular goblins.

As for what made them more threatening than a normal goblin squad…

"Group A, flank from the left! Group B, flank from the right!"

Using [Monster Talk], I was able to understand the Goblin King's commands.

If one couldn't understand the Goblin King, they might get overwhelmed by the nimble and numerous goblins, who were given tactical orders by a competent leader.

The Goblin King was also capable of giving buffs to his soldiers, empowering them in combat.

Combining my new skills, along with my most reliable attack skills, I fired an ice arrow that shattered on impact from the sheer velocity of the arrow.

The crown was knocked away from the Goblin King's head, as his head burst in a bloody mist.

It was almost as if his head evaporated on impact.

Here's some quick calculations of the damage total of that attack.

Ice arrow: [Improvised Weapon], [Ice Magic Increase], [Magic Archery], [Enchant] = 12 damage

Archery skills: [Snipe], [Power Shot], [Headshot] = 9 damage

Green Wyvern Shortbow = 24 damage

Total: 45 damage

And that wasn't even the highest potential damage I could do with my archery skills.

…Perhaps I should just become a pure archer from now on?

Well, it wasn't like our team lacked DPS.

My utility and ability to learn a lot of different skills might prove more useful than raw damage.

It was something to consider, though.

With the King Goblin swiftly assassinated, the other goblins ran away.

I gained 600 EXP from the King Goblin.

I also picked up his crown.

It was a treasure type item, which meant it could be sold rather than used.

I ended up giving it to the others, since I didn't need any more money.

"Don't mind if I do!"

Aqua said, cheerfully taking the crown. She even wore it.

The others took turns against the other monsters.

I noticed that Megumin was getting a good use out of her Knight skills, especially [Challenge].

"Come face me alone, coward!"

Megumin said, before crushing an Undead Emperor's skull with her staff.

"Humu… Is the great Megumin enjoying the use of other skills that are not named explosion magic?"

I said, deciding to tease her a little.

"Hmph… It all results in an explosion from my staff, anyway, so it's all for the sake of explosion magic."

This girl sure was stubborn.

After dealing with mooks, we finally encountered the one Mitsurugi said was the biggest threat of this floor.

The one we encountered this time was a wind variant of an Elemental Knight.

It had magical steel plate armor that glowed bright green, and it carried a sword that had an odd spiral shape.

"Ah… This is bad. It seems this one has a Hyper Rhino Horn Sword."

Mitsurugi said, while eyeing the sword that was apparently once a rhino's horn.

"What's so bad about it?"

"...A Hyper Rhino Horn deals extra damage based on the momentum leading up to the attack. Hyper Rhinos are normally pretty easy to deal with despite their power, as their attacks are telegraphed. However, a Wind Elemental Knight has quite tricky movements… We should be careful to…"

"[Steal]...!"

I stole the sword.

"...Well, I guess you can just do that."

Now that [Steal] was at Rank 5, I didn't need to worry about it failing now.

However, even if it was disarmed, the Wind Elemental Knight was still powerful without a main weapon.

In fact, it produced wind blades out of its arms and attacked us.

Mitsurugi and Darkness engaged it as our frontline.

"[Decoy]!"

Darkness said, absorbing a slash from the wind blades, which Aqua healed.

That gave Mitsurugi space to attack, letting him leave a massive gash on the elemental's armor.

But he got blown back as wind escaped from the gash.

"[Challenge]!"

Megumin grabbed the elemental's attention next, giving Darkness the chance to attack it.

This time, she took out the Winter Shogun's sword.

With the elemental distracted by Megumin, Darkness was actually able to land a clean hit with the nodachi.

The elemental's armor broke apart, but the wind elemental's body was still intact, as strong winds protected the core that held its body.

"[Light Arrows]!"

"[Light of Saber]!"

Rin and Yunyun tried to break the core, however, the elemental merely flew away.

…This thing was actually much faster without the armor on.

It was like Polnareff shedding Silver Chariot's armor.

I was about to use my bow, since it ignored wind resistance.

But I got another idea on top of that.

I looked at the Rhino Horn.

Hyper Rhino Horn Sword (Super Rare)

Taken from the horn of a Hyper Rhino. Has an unusual spiral shape, used mostly for thrusting rather than slashing.

Hyper Charge - When this sword is used for attacking after momentum has been gathered, deal an extra +5 damage. This bonus damage ignores armor resistances.

Durability: 50/50

Weapon Accuracy: Dexterity modifier + [One-handed Sword] = 140% chance of hitting

Weapon Damage: 7 piercing damage + Strength modifier (+10) + Bonus (+8) = 25 damage

Sells for: 700,000 Yen

Looking at its special ability solidified the idea in my head.

"[Smithing]!"

Using [Smithing], I changed the form of the sword.

With its spiral shape, it became a good form for a projectile.

Then, I loaded the spiral arrow into the bow.

…The stats and abilities from the sword transferred to its arrow form.

When I released it, the spiral arrow launched with a streak of angry, red energy trailing behind it, spinning as the spiral arrow immediately tore through the wind form of the elemental.

Then, its core shattered, ripped apart by the deadly spin of the rhino horn.

The arrow kept going, until it embedded itself into a wall.

…Ah, I came up with another scary exploit.

"[Retrieve Ammo]."

The arrow instantly teleported to my hand, and I turned it back into its sword form.

"What was that, Satou?! I've never seen anyone defeat an Elemental Knight that quickly!"

Mitsurugi said, as I put the sword away in my inventory.

"...Well, I'd like to say I came up with that idea myself, but that was just ripped off from Archer-san."

"What are you talking about, now?"

That's right, I introduced Mitsurugi to manga like Dragon Ball, but I hadn't introduced him to the Nasuverse yet.

I figured out what his next homework should be.

Part 4

Once I explained how it worked, Megumin said,

"Oh, so does that mean you can transform my explosion staff into an arrow?"

As expected of Megumin, if it was explosion related, she was quick to come up with ideas.

"Yeah, I suppose so…"

"Sweet. Let's try that and blow up the next group of monsters."

I knew it was gonna be like that.

"Ah, senpai… It seems like the armor the Elemental Knight had is just normal steel plate armor."

Rin said, as she was using the [Lore Reading] skill to look at the armor.

This ended up being sold.

By the way, the Elemental Knight gave a good yield of 1,000 EXP.

Thank you for the meal.

Since the strongest monster in the floor ended up being taken care of quite easily, we advanced through the floor with ease.

"...With how strong you guys are getting, I don't think you need us escorting you anymore."

Mitsurugi said, as he saw Darkness use the Winter Shogun Sword to cleave through another Goblin King.

"Well, how's the boss of this floor like?"

"Hmm… Well, the boss is tough, but not exactly deadly…"

"...What does that even mean?"

Seeing my confusion, he clarified,

"The boss area on this floor is a labyrinth."

"Eh? Another one?"

The only relief that boss areas added was a change in scenery.

The rest of the dungeon was already a labyrinth, so seeing more labyrinths was pretty disappointing.

"The goal isn't to kill the boss monster, but to solve the challenge it presents. You see, the boss monster is actually a minotaur that works as a test maker. He determines whether an app-user is qualified to move on to the next floor, or if they should stay behind for more training."

A monster that actually trains the app-users…

What an interesting concept.

Rather, I feel there would have been more monsters like this if monsters were disposed towards peace, like the Bark People.

"By the way, there is magic that blocks those from teleporting to the above floors unless you gain the minotaur's approval."

He said, as if I was even thinking about that.

OK, maybe I was considering it.

Since Mitsurugi and Yunyun already passed the test, they weren't going to come with us.

"Hmm…? Why is the boss room door different for this one?"

I said, noticing that it was rather stylized compared to the previous ones.

There was also a rather well-sculpted image of a minotaur flexing its muscles engraved on the door.

"I guess the minotaur designed it himself."

"He has good taste."

Of course Megumin would say that.

Mitsurugi and Yunyun stayed outside, while the rest of us went inside.

It was very dark inside, and I was about to use [Night Vision].

But then lights suddenly appeared.

And a voice rang out through the area.

"Welcome… To the Minotaur's Labyrinth…!"

Was the Minotaur really supposed to greet those entering the labyrinth?

"The rules of this labyrinth are simple… If you can reach the center of the labyrinth, where I am waiting for you, then you pass this test! However, this labyrinth is very hard to navigate, so…"

Megumin handed me her staff.

Then I transformed it into an arrow and fired it into the labyrinth.

"...O-Oi, what are you doing to the testing grounds?!"

We saw that the walls repaired themselves. I guess it was part of the dungeon after all.

"Hmm… Well, it was a nice try."

"I'm glad to see we're on the right page, Kazuma."

Megumin and I shared a smile.

"Um… Senpai, we should just try to do this properly… Minotaur-san sounds like he's getting mad."

Rin said, which made the disembodied voice of the minotaur let out a snort.

"M-Mad? Who, me? I'm not mad!"

"Maybe I should try just using explosion magic?"

"If you do that, I'll get mad…!"

If he wasn't mad before, he was mad now.

And so, we decided to play along.

"Hold on, let's get a ball of thread and tie it to the entrance first."

I said, but the minotaur angrily responded,

"Oi, do you think I don't know my own legend?! No balls of thread!"

I guess that wouldn't fly.

And so, we were forced to go into the labyrinth blindly.

It had been a while since I did this, but I took out my notebook and started drawing a map.

My drawings of the first couple floors were still on the previous pages. That sure brings back memories.

It was like seeing the notes you made in middle school, years after you graduated.

With this, we slowly explored the minotaur's labyrinth.

Part 5

"Bwahaha… You stepped on a teleporter trap! Back to the start with you!"

The minotaur's annoying voice rang through the labyrinth as we ended up back in the beginning.

"This guy is really pissing me off…"

Megumin said, clutching her staff.

Rin uneasily chuckled and touched Megumin's shoulder.

"Now, now, Megumin-chan… Don't let him get to you. We have to play by his rules."

Darkness sighed as she asked to see my map.

"...There's so many deadends and traps… And the traps don't even harm us…"

Why did she sound disappointed by the harmless traps?

Most of the traps just set us back or disorient us, and some of them were teleportation traps that send us back to the beginning.

By the way, when I tried to send golems forward to scout for them…

"Uh-oh, that's cheating!"

The minotaur will come rushing out from his position in the middle to destroy the golems, swinging a giant battle axe at them.

This guy…

It was like joining a D&D campaign against a power-tripping dungeon master, who makes up rules on the spot whenever it looks like you're about to conquer their homebrew dungeon.

In fact, that was how my first campaign went, when I tried to play in middle school.

"Well, I guess we don't have a choice but to just try again."

The others wearily nodded as we entered the labyrinth once more.

We followed my map, avoiding the dead ends and turns.

"Oh, I think we're making good progress this time… Arrghhh!"

The ground underneath us opened and we fell down.

After going down a slide, we were dropped at the entrance again.

"Bwahahaha! That one's always a classic! Wanna see your pictures?"

Somehow, a monitor came down from the roof and showed us pictures of when we were sliding down. We were all making unflattering, surprised faces.

"You can pay 5,000 Yen for a copy of the picture!"

Was this an amusement park, or a labyrinth?

Just like a savvy cheapskate, I just took my phone out and took a picture of the screen.

"H-Hey, taking pictures with your phone is not allowed! You need to pay!"

"Gahhh! I'm tired of this minotaur! I'm just gonna flood this whole place!"

Aqua waited to see if we would stop her, but at this point, none of us wanted to.

Even the normally calm Rin was giving quite the murderous grin.

"...Yeah, this minotaur needs to be taught a lesson."

I guess we were all at our limits.

"I don't know… I think he's got the right idea…"

Of course, Darkness would slowly become fond of him.

The reason why she wasn't completely enamored was that all his traps were like harmless pranks from a child.

"H-Hold on, that's against the rules!"

"So what?! You keep saying it's against the rules, but what's the punishment, huh?! If the punishment is that we'll end up in the entrance again, then how is that any different to what you're already doing?!"

Aqua raised a good point.

Sure, he said that doing such and such was against the rules, but were there even any consequences from breaking the rules?

"Alright, I'm flooding this place!"

"Wait, Aqua…"

Somehow, it was Megumin who stopped Aqua.

…Could it be that Megumin was going to be the voice of reason for once?

"Kazuma, you can use your golems to ride the waves of Aqua's flood, so they can see more areas of the labyrinth."

Rather than stopping Aqua's plan, Megumin only wanted to enhance it.

"Oh, good thinking. Alright, I'm ready, Aqua."

"Let's drown this bastard! [Sacred Create Water]!"

I used [Golem Manipulation] to turn the golems into little boats.

They then rode along the waves that flooded the labyrinth.

"Gyaaaah?! Stop it! You naughty little…!"

The minotaur must have turned on a drain system, as the water levels slowly dwindled.

I also saw him stomping around in the draining water as he destroyed the golem boats that were floating around.

…This guy sure acts fast.

By the time he destroyed the last golem boat, the water was completely gone, leaving mud on the ground.

"Hah… This guy is too prepared… I guess we should just leave for now."

I grabbed Aqua's shoulder as she tried to leave.

"Wait, look at the ground."

The ground that was inundated with water turned into mud.

And the minotaur was just stomping around in that mud.

Meaning that he could have left footprints.

We hurried to where the last golem was destroyed.

And my suspicions were correct.

His footprints remained on the ground.

The dungeon normally repairs damage or alterations done to the dungeon by app-users.

Such as when the walls were repaired when Megumin and I exploded them.

However, just like we learned with the kobolds who were digging tunnels in the dungeon…

The alterations of monsters are left alone by the dungeon.

And so, even as the muddy ground became replaced by solid dirt, the footprints remained.

Like footprints that remain on dried concrete.

And that idiot stomped back to his place in the middle like the NPC he was.

We all grinned evilly, as we followed the prints.

With a track to follow, it didn't take too long to find him.

However, instead of having him tell us that we cheated and had to do the whole challenge all over again, we saw him smiling proudly.

"Congratulations! You figured out the true challenge of this dungeon!"

"Hm? Aren't you just saying that to save face?"

Megumin said, not looking convinced.

The minotaur gave her a blank look, then said,

"Absolutely not! The whole point of this labyrinth is to teach you to think outside of the box. If you had just stuck to the 'rules' I gave at the start, you would have never found me."

The minotaur explained that he would have kept coming up with more ridiculous rules to keep us away from the middle.

The key was to realize that there was no sense in following his rules, which Aqua recognized.

"Good job, Aqua. You were the MVP this time."

She smiled, sticking her chest out.

"Hehe… I did promise that I'll try to be a little bit smarter from now on!"

I thought that was just something she said on a whim, but she really was making an effort.

"Megumin, good job on coming up with the golem idea, too."

She struck an arrogant pose and said,

"Fufu… Well, I am a genius, after all."

"By the way, how do the others pass this trial?"

I asked the minotaur, who rubbed the back of his head.

"...A lot of humans just get frustrated after failing to get through this labyrinth. Then they use powerful weapons to destroy the walls faster than the dungeon can repair. It still falls along the lines of the lesson I want to impart, but…"

As expected of those cheat-item users. They rely on their cheats for everything.

The minotaur awarded us with a skill potion each. I hurriedly drank it to gain the extra skill point.

You have leveled up from completing the labyrinth challenge!

You have qualified for the 'Knight' class!

Met requirements: 70 Strength and 70 Bravery

Part 6

We met up outside the dungeon with Mitsurugi and Yunyun again.

"Oh? You guys solved that faster than I expected."

Mitsurugi said, when he saw us.

The minotaur asked us not to disclose the nature of the trial. It was probably the same for Yunyun and Mitsurugi, since they didn't tell us ahead of time.

"By the way, what did you two do to solve that?"

"...I just lost my patience and destroyed everything with Gram."

Mitsurugi blushed as he admitted he resorted to the same methods as the other app-users.

As for Yunyun, she fidgeted around and said,

"Um… I had a lot of free time, so I just tried to manually solve the labyrinth by itself… I think the minotaur felt sorry for me at the end and stopped interfering."

…So even the minotaur eventually felt sorry for Yunyun.

We went back to the mansion for dinner.

Iris was telling everyone about her day. Thankfully, she didn't notice my disguise as a janitor, or else everyone would be staring daggers at me by now.

"...And onii-sama even picked me up after school!"

Darkness and Rin looked at me.

Ah, crap.

I forgot that they would have noticed that I didn't go to school earlier.

"Hm… I heard that you called in sick, senpai. But you were OK enough to pick up Iris-chan after class?"

"...Well, I do have a high 'Health' stat, now. I guess I just recovered quickly."

"Oh, that makes sense."

"Papa, your 'Cunning' went up by +1! Ah…"

Aika-chan covered her mouth.

…I guess she wasn't completely used to having a real body yet.

She thought that she was still in 'Appuri-chan' form and told me my stat update in front of the others.

"Eh?! Why did your 'Cunning' stat go up, senpai…?"

Yunyun blinked in confusion.

"...I didn't even know it could go up."

How innocent of Yunyun.

Meanwhile, that stat went up in the high 90s for me just from me telling lies everywhere.

"Kazuma… You really weren't sick, were you?"

Darkness said, eyeing me suspiciously.

"...Fine, you got me. I just faked sickness because I wanted to play around all day. Happy?!"

This time, I shot Aika-chan a warning look. She kept her mouth shut this time.

Although my 'Cunning' stat went up by another +1.

…

…

I hurriedly went up to my room after dinner.

That was close.

"Oi, Aika-chan…"

"I'm sorry, papa! But it's not my fault that you're always lying!"

Well, I couldn't really deny that.

Disciplining a child for not supporting my manipulative behavior is probably bad parenting.

"...You're right about that."

I patted her head, which made her smile.

I let Aika-chan read some manga, while I took out my phone and dealt with my new level up.

The Knight class, huh…?

I wasn't really the close-combat type, but I did want to unlock the weapon skills necessary to make full use of Beldia's sword.

I looked over the skill list again, and it really didn't seem that exciting, compared to what I already had.

[Challenge] overlapped too much with [Taunt], while [Charge] was too aggressive for my fighting style.

[Pledge] seemed pretty powerful because of the stat boosts, though.

In the end, I already unlocked all the exclusive skills of Sniper, and I didn't intend on using skill points to increase the rank of any of my maxed archery skills or stats.

So, I switched over to Knight.

"Alright, I guess I'll just pledge my allegiance to the group, like Megumin…"

"Hm? You're not gonna do it for Norse?"

"Gahhh?!"

The sudden appearance of a purple-haired loli goddess made me scream.

Right behind me was the smirking face of Regina-sama, the goddess of puppetry and revenge.

"Hm? Don't tell me you forgot that you promised to restore Norse, boya…"

"...Rather than that… Don't tell me you've been doing nothing but watching me this whole time?"

"What else is a minor goddess with no followers supposed to do with their time?"

Aika-chan set her manga down and pointed at Regina-sama.

"Enemy goddess! I should tell mama about you, after all!"

Regina-sama raised her brow at Aika-chan.

"Quiet down, child. Don't forget that it was my civilization that gave birth to the technology that produced you. If that goddess of water is your mama, then I'm your granny, got it?"

"...Uwaa… I didn't know I had a granny!"

Aika-chan smiled widely and embraced Regina.

…She was swiftly won over.

Regina chuckled and patted Aika-chan's hair.

"...Placing the 'soul' of an AI into a golem body… I do have to say you have the makings to be one of my disciples."

"Oi, the agreement was that I help you restore Norse, not to become one of your disciples."

"Don't worry, I do remember the nature of our agreement."

"...By the way, how do I even go about restoring Norse? It's not like I can head over to the other world."

Regina shrugged and said,

"I know. I'm not unreasonable. But you can start to make a… settlement in this world, can't you?"

That sounds even worse.

I wanted to restrict the influence of the other world on this one as much as possible, yet Regina was asking to make a settlement here.

But at the same time, I knew I couldn't anger her.

She could control me anytime she wanted, since she saved Megumin from being hit with Serena's damage reflect.

That was something I always had to keep in mind.

"Got it… I'll see what I can do."

"Perfect! Here, I made this for you."

She held out what looked to be a USB.

"You can plug it to the divine laptop, and it will show you data about the old Norse. Use that as reference for building the settlement. Oh, and make sure you pledge your allegiance to Norse! It won't be allegiance to me, so don't worry about being my puppet."

…As if that made any difference.

Still, I couldn't really defy her, so I just gave her a weak smile.

"Yeah, got it."

"I'm counting on you, boya! Ta-ta!"

She waved and gave Aika-chan a final pat on the head, before vanishing.

"Hehe… I can't believe I have a granny!"

Meanwhile, Aika-chan didn't feel any stress at all from that encounter.

You have pledged your allegiance to the Kingdom of Norse!

You receive a passive +5 increase to all stats while maintaining this allegiance!

You might also gain extra abilities after completing hidden faction quests related to your allegiance!

Part 7

You gained 10 Dungeon Points!

After I checked out the data Regina-sama gave me with that USB, I saw this notification on the divine laptop.

These points probably came from the soldiers staying in their rooms.

I switched to the [Dungeon Master] title to access the dungeon core.

Your dungeon's level is currently at level 1!

With your dungeon points, you can access these shops:

[Monster Shop], [Item Shop], [Trap Shop], [Floor Shop], [Core Shop]

I looked at the monster shop.

Available monsters:

Goblin - 1 DP

Kobold - 1 DP

Gremlin - 1 DP

Skeleton - 1 DP

And the list kept going with a bunch of monsters one can find in the first floor of the original dungeon.

Vanir's boss room was already prepared.

After all, he only wanted a big treasure chest, which wasn't actually filled with anything.

So his room didn't even take any DP to make.

The only problem now was how to bait app-users into coming to this new dungeon.

And then, I realized…

Why not use Vanir himself as publicity?

After all, he was known as a Demon King general who beat up a lot of app-users, along with Beldia.

Surely, there were those who would hold a grudge against Vanir.

But just simply having one boss area, without any prior floors that lead up to it, goes against what Vanir wants.

If the app-users simply ended up facing Vanir at the start, Vanir wouldn't get the satisfaction of having them waste their time in a tough dungeon, only to troll them in the end.

It's also inefficient for absorbing DP from the app-users, if they just get trolled by Vanir at the start, only for them to quit immediately and never return to the dungeon again.

But there's the question of how to build challenging floors that would prevent app-users from reaching Vanir too easily.

Especially since I could only summon things like goblins.

But then, the minotaur's labyrinth came to mind.

…There was a way to make an incredibly difficult dungeon without using hardly any resources.

And without even summoning monsters.

That is, to make multiple floors that are meant to confuse and prevent app-users from reaching Vanir too quickly.

And to prevent app-users from simply brute forcing their way through the walls like they did with the minotaur's dungeon…

Purchase confirmed! You purchased the 'adamantite walls' material with 10 DP!

I would create the walls with pure adamantite.

Just like how the boss room dungeon doors were made with adamantite, I would make these walls nearly unbreakable.

And so, my devious plan began to form.

…

…

The next day, Lia came to check up on me.

"Are you OK, Kazuma-kun? The homeroom teacher said you were sick yesterday."

I smiled at her, touched by her concern.

"I'm fine. It was just a bit of a cold."

"Ah! You didn't get sick from cleaning my room, did you?"

The fact that her room was messy enough for that to be a concern should be a huge wake up call for her.

Rather, is an idol really allowed to be this slovenly?

Then again, I lived with a goddess who was much worse in that regard.

"No, I probably just caught it from someone on the train."

"I see… Well, next time you're sick, I'll come over and make you some porridge. Actually, can you give me your address?"

…I was thankful that she was being such a good friend, but…

I can't really explain the big mansion I live in right now.

Instead, I gave her my family address, hoping that she wouldn't come over one day unannounced, only for my parents to awkwardly explain that I live somewhere else.

In short, I kept piling up one lie after another.

During a break, I went to the bathroom to wash my face.

"...You gained +4 'Cunning' for all your lies yesterday to your parents, and your lies today. Do you feel good about yourself, papa?"

Aika-chan said, making me take out my phone and open the app. I watched her animated chibi model glaring at me.

"All superheroes need to lie about their secret identities, and their activities as a hero. That's standard, isn't it?"

"I suppose so… Oh, your 'Cunning' didn't increase this time. I guess you were telling the truth."

She was expecting me to lie to her, huh?

Well, that did happen before.

After school, there was going to be our first game tomorrow, so the coach told us to get some rest before our first game.

He was really trying to focus on resting us this time. I guess now that he saw what we were capable of in the last nationals, he focused on trying to get our bodies to last through the season, rather than pushing for skill development.

I used this extra time to go to Wiz's shop.

"Ah, boy. I suppose you're done with the preparations?"

Vanir said, when he saw me come in.

He was wearing an apron and was idly dusting a table, even though it was already clean.

I also noticed that there was a bottle of sugar water on the table.

"...You don't seem that excited, even though your dungeon is about done."

"Who said I'm not excited? Let's check it out, then…"

He said that, even though he wasn't smiling or celebrating as much as I thought he'd be.

We went through the dungeon door in his shop and I showed him his dungeon room.

"I see. You followed my plans exactly, huh?"

He looked around, eyeing his dungeon room. There was even a throne for him to sit on, right in front of the fake treasure chest.

"Yup. I followed your blueprint exactly… Did I miss something?"

"No… It's perfect, but…"

He sighed, while scratching his head.

"...Let me guess, you wish Wiz was here to see it too, huh?"

"...?! What kind of deluded ideas are going through your head, boy?!"

He turned to me and started yelling.

"You think I care about what that financially cursed shopkeeper does?! I finally achieved our dream… I mean, my dream without her always getting in the way! I should be happy!"

"Keyword is 'should be'."

"..."

He crossed his arms and said,

"Bah! This dungeon room design is all wrong! Boy, you did such a bad job designing it!"

"...You're the one who designed it, though."

"Terrible! It's simply terrible! …You know, that shopkeeper may have zero talent in business, but she did have an eye for design! Ahhh… I guess I have no choice but to have her return…"

What kind of one-man tsundere show is this?

It was as if he was trying to convince himself instead of me.

"Well, you're the all-seeing devil. Why don't you just look for her?"

"...There are such things as anti-scrying spells. Of course, that decrepit shopkeeper isn't dumb enough to not regularly cast those."

"Oh? Teach me those spells."

"Why would I?"

He sighed again and sat on his throne.

"...We have no choice. You will just have to get stronger, boy. Then, defeat the Demon King army and drag that foolish shopkeeper back to me! I mean, back to the shop!"

I chuckled, amused by all his justifications and excuses.

He could just say that he misses her.

"I do not!"

He read my mind and denied it.

"Well, that was always the plan, anyway. But in order to do that, we need to get this dungeon up and running."

Vanir grinned and rested his chin on his hand, crossing his legs.

"Then… I declare that Vanir's Dungeon is now officially open! Let all the misguided fools wander into this dungeon of deception! Then, I will taste their bitter tears! Moihahahaha!"

And so, the insanely difficult 'Vanir's Dungeon' was officially open to the public.

Let the tears and salt flow.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, kinggamerlite29 and 211 others
BoringBone
Apr 24, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 51: Climbing This Hellish Mountain!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Apr 28, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,246
Chapter 51: Climbing This Hellish Mountain!

Part 1

Vanir started cackling in glee once I showed him the final design of our dungeon.

"Bwahaha! This is tremendous! You've outdone yourself, boy!"

If Vanir himself was laughing this much, you know that this dungeon design was just absolutely scummy.

Now, it was just time to set the bait.

We placed the new dungeon door right beside all the entrances to the original dungeon.

Except for these doors, we put Vanir's face on them.

People referred to me as the hero who beat all the Demon King generals so far, including Vanir.

So, they thought that Vanir has been 'tamed' after that, and left him alone.

But I was willing to bet there were those who still had a grudge against him.

They left him alone for now, but if given the chance, I was sure they would want to take revenge on him.

Vanir's Dungeon!

If you think you can take down the great Arch-Duke of Hell himself, come and enter!

Vanir happily went into his boss room, eager to absorb the bitter feelings of those who fell for this bait.

As for me, I observed everything from my personal room, watching the surveillance feed from the divine laptop.

Since the doors were set right beside the entrances, it didn't take long until curious app-users came in.

"Heh… So that masked guy finally showed his true colors!"
"I'll pay him back for ripping me off with that pager that was only useful once!"

"I'll make him give me a refund!"

Oh?

I thought they would be more mad about Vanir and Beldia assaulting them.

If Aqua didn't go around healing people and resurrecting them, they would have died.

But it seems more people are mad that Vanir's pagers were very expensive, yet didn't really see much use after the Shibuya conflict.

…Well, I also profited from that, but that was something they didn't need to know.

And so, I watched the app-users observe the first floor.

"Hm… It looks like a normal labyrinth."

"So it's just like the normal dungeon, huh?"

"Be careful. There might be strong monsters here."

There weren't any such monsters.

Well, I said that, but I saw Vanir in his room, fiddling around and creating something.

After a few minutes, what looked like a chibi Vanir hopped out and started walking out of the boss room.

I pressed the microphone toggle to speak to him through the dungeon speakers.

"Oi, Vanir, what are those? We agreed that no one will be harmed."

"Have faith, boy! These are Vanir dolls! They are puppets of mine that do my bidding. They will not harm those humans, and will only seek to play amusing pranks on them!"

"Do those things give EXP when they're killed?"

"Of course!"

…Hm, this might work out, actually.

Some app-users might not be interested in Vanir at all. But if there were Vanir dolls running around, they might be interested in earning EXP in a safe manner.

I watched as the Vanir dolls filled the floors I prepared.

"...Hm? Wait, isn't this the entrance again?"

"That's weird. Did we get lost?"

"Let's just try to pay more attention next time."

I chuckled as the app-users were already getting lost.

This dungeon functioned exactly like the minotaur's labyrinth.

But this dungeon didn't seek to teach some kind of lesson.

It was only meant to cause pure mental anguish.

Already, Vanir was laughing his ass off as he sat on his throne.

"Moihahaha! They're starting to get frustrated! This is a wonderful appetizer!"

I also chuckled, as I saw my Dungeon Points going up.

Having high-level app-users here was a good source of DP.

Especially with them uselessly going through the labyrinth.

"What?! We're back in the entrance again?!"

"This is stupid… Let's just break these walls down! Ara…?"

An app-user already got impatient and tried to destroy the wall with a magic sword.

"What the hell?! Are the walls made of Amantite, or something?! They're so hard!"

"Inferno…! Yeah… Even magic isn't working…"

Heh… Using all my points to unlock and buy adamantite walls was worth it.

However, the only problem was that I didn't have enough points to make more than one floor.

But here's the catch…

"Oh! I think that's the exit…!"

"Finally… We reached the second floor…"

The app-users said this after they saw a rather conspicuous sign that said 'Floor 2'.

However, what they didn't know was that they were still on the first floor.

You see, I was moving the construction of the dungeon around silently.

I changed the labyrinth walls to ensure that the app-users got lost. Then, I made a fake door that led them to the 'second floor'.

But that only led them to another area on the first floor.

Even that sign was fake.

They were just going around the first floor, while believing that they were steadily advancing in the dungeon.

Since I could watch them and see their behavior, I can see when they were just about to give up.

At the moment where it felt like they wanted to leave the dungeon, I would arrange the floor so that the door to the next level would soon appear in front of them.

Like a video game strategically switching from frustrating elements to dopamine-raising rewards, I played with their mental states in such a manner.

"Hmm… We're making good progress, but isn't it weird how there's no monsters?"

"Yeah… I was thinking that, too…"

Vanir knew what I was doing and chose that moment to make the Vanir dolls appear.

"...! It's that guy! There's small versions of that guy!"

"After them…!"

The app-users chased after the Vanir dolls.

Vanir led them around on a useless chase for thirty minutes, giving me even more DP.

"Oi, Vanir, you should let them kill it now. They might give up if they can't kill it."

"...Why are you so good at this? You're almost like a devil with how you can manipulate these humans…"

For some reason, Vanir was impressed with me.

He made the Vanir dolls slow down, allowing the app-users to get a killing blow.

"Whoa…! They give a lot of EXP!"

"Let's keep going! I might be able to level up if we kill a couple more!"

These guys were easily falling for our gameplay loop.

Soon, more app-users came in.

I had enough DP now to create a new floor.

It would be bad if the app-users encountered one another and shared information. They might find out that they're all still on the first floor.

And so, I created a new floor to make sure they won't run into each other.

"...Papa… You somehow get more villainous by the day. How do you manage to do it?"

Aika-chan said, watching the feed over my shoulder.

She was wearing my tracksuit, which was too big for her, so it looked like a dress. The sleeves also went down over her hands.
…I should probably buy more clothes for her.

"It's not like I'm harming them. I'm just selectively controlling their behaviors through technically-benign psychological tactics, which artificially modulates their dopamine-levels, so that they are heavily inclined to only take actions that lead to my personal benefit."

"...You sure went through a lot of rambling hoops, there."

She said, not sounding impressed at all.

"Ah, that's enough training data, I think."

I let the dungeon's general AI take over the rest of the dungeon's operations. It wasn't like I could spend all day monitoring it.

Although Vanir didn't seem to have that problem.

"By the way, is this dungeon's AI as intelligent as you?"

I asked Aika-chan, knowing that she mentioned the existence of 'other AI' before.

Of course, I knew that the other dungeon had an AI as well.

Aika-chan shook her head.

"Nope. They're quite limited AI. Unlike me, dungeons are capable of a lot of things, so they aren't given the ability to think outside of running the dungeon. Oh, but I can communicate with them, but it's just like talking to a child. They don't have the capacity to grow outside of that, nor do they have free will."

I sighed in relief when I heard that.

"...! This is so much fun! I'll let them explore this dungeon for days… Then finally, when they arrive at the boss room, I will allow them to slay me! Then when they open the treasure chest that is surely filled with unimaginable riches… Behold! I have returned! Moihahaha!"

Meanwhile, Vanir was having the time of his life.

"...Papa… Your bond with that devil has deepened."

Aika-chan said, with a heavy sigh.

I stared at her, after watching Vanir laughing to himself.

"Eh? Seriously?"

I thought my bond with him would never go up.

"Yup… I can't believe you're actually getting friendly with that devil!"

She still disapproved of Vanir, huh?

Well, she is her mother's daughter.

"Nevermind that and just show me the bond rank-up."

"...Don't wanna."

This girl…

However, rather than getting mad, I scooped her up into a hug.

"Aw… Pwease tell papa?"

"I-I won't give up! Even if papa is so sweet to me…! I don't care even if you kiss me on the cheek!"

She said, even though she lifted her cheek towards me.

I sighed and leaned down to give this spoiled child a little kiss.

"Ehe… Fine, if you insist!"

She sent the notification to my phone.

Your bond with Vanir has increased!

Vanir (Masked Devil), Bond Rank: 2

At Rank 2, you have done the impossible. No human has ever bonded with a devil before. Not even the devil himself is aware that a bond has formed. However, you have helped achieve Vanir's dreams, and you two are determined to get Wiz back. This has formed a bond between you two that has never been seen before.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Divination]!

[Divination] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (50 mp)

Obtain a crystal ball and offer 10,000 Yen or an item that is of the same or more value. After that, you may ask the crystal ball a question. It will then answer with either a simple sentence or a blurry picture, whichever you prefer. The money or item will disappear after the answer is given.

…This skill was pretty powerful, wasn't it?
It was expensive, both in terms of the 10,000 Yen sacrifice and the mana cost, but I'd say it's worth it.

I doubted that this would work on those who could protect against scrying and divination, though.

Such as Wiz or maybe even the Demon King.

Still, I was excited about this skill.

I thought that Vanir's bond reward would have some kind of curse or bad effect, but I was pleasantly surprised.

Part 2

Next, there was the matter of my 5 unspent skill points.

I laid in bed while assigning 1 of them to teleport, to max it out.

[Teleport] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (20 mp)

Instantly teleports up to 4 targets to a marked location (3 marks total). You can teleport a target to an unmarked, random location if it is an inanimate object. If the target is a creature, they must be willing to teleport, otherwise, they will need to pass a 'Willpower' or 'Magic Power' check with advantage. If their 'Willpower' or 'Magic Power' surpasses yours by 20 points or more, the effects of the forced teleport will bounce back to you.

All of those skill points, and the skill effect never changed…

Well, it was already an incredibly powerful skill on its own.

And going from its initial 30 mp to 20 mp cost was honestly worth the investment.

There were 4 Skill Points left.

I was tempted to just spend it all on the new [Divination] skill.

But first, I wanted to see if it was worth it.

…How do I get a crystal ball, though?

"[Create Earth]! [Fireball]!"

First, I tried to make some glass.

…It was a rather crude attempt, but it was enough for my Rank 5 [Smithing].

The bits of crudely formed glass formed into a glass ball.

Then, I placed 10,000 Yen in front of it.

I activated the spell, and the ball started glowing.

"...Crystal ball, show me the Demon King."

I waited for it to reply.

The light started to shift into an image.

I then saw a muscular, blond man with his back turned to me. He also had a purple star on his shoulder, and he seems to be looking intently into his hand.

…Wait, isn't this just DIO?

"...Aika-chan, I'm not fighting the Demon King anymore."

"Hah?!"

I stood up and prepared to run away.

"Papa, what are you doing?!"

"I'm not fighting DIO, OK?! I'm sorry, I can't!"

"...Look at the crystal ball again!"

I looked back and saw that the image went away and words appeared.

The Demon King is protected with anti-scrying and divination wards, so I just showed you a picture of DIO instead.

Is this thing messing with me…?!

I was about to smash the ball.

…Well, I already knew it wouldn't work on the Demon King, but it was worth a shot.

I absorbed mana from the dungeon walls then tried again.

"...Can I defeat the Demon King?"

I waited for another few seconds after I paid another 10,000 Yen.

Bro just ran away after seeing a png of a gay vampire and thinks he can beat the Demon King. RIPBOZO.

"...Why is it talking like that?"

My brain hurt just from reading that sentence.

"This thing is useless."

Also, it was responding with more than one sentence.

Not like it was saying anything useful.

Aika-chan rubbed her chin thoughtfully.

"Well… The way it speaks is really rude, but it's answering you, isn't it?"

I suppose that it was giving a proper response.

It was basically saying that I can't beat the Demon King right now.

Well, I knew that already.

If I didn't have so much money, I would never ask this thing another question.

But I paid another 10,000 Yen.

"How can I defeat the Demon King?"

Aika-chan smiled and said,

"Oh, good thinking, papa!"

The light in the ball shifted.

…The best way is to gain the 'Hero' class.

Finally, it was saying something useful.

The light went dim. I guess I needed to pay again.

"Ah, I'll just max this skill out!"

Maybe I'll get better answers from it, too.

[Divination] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (70 mp)

You no longer need to pay an offering when using the crystal ball to use its basic divination ability. You may ask the crystal ball a question. It will then answer the question with the information available to it, either verbally or with a vivid picture, according to your choice.

You can also offer 10,000 Yen, or an item with the same value, in order to ask a question to the crystal ball about other worlds. Doing so will cost 100 mp.

…The mana cost actually increased.

It was just like Megumin's explosion magic… The more powerful it gets, the more the mana cost increases.

Well, it was something like divination, so I suppose that shouldn't be a surprise.

At least now, I didn't have to deal with the money cost, unless I wanted to ask a question about the other worlds.

Not like I even had enough mana for that yet.

With that taken care of, I asked my next question,

"...How do I gain the 'Hero' class?"

The hero class is a class that can only be created by the one who is most likely to defeat the Demon King, or one who has already defeated the Demon King.

"...It hasn't been created yet?"

I looked at Aika-chan and she said,

"...There have been some heroes in the other world in the past… But I didn't think that this class would manifest in the system, as well."

So she didn't even know it was possible with the app-system.

Maybe it was like how I invented skills that Aika-chan didn't even know about.

"Who can create this class?"

You are the one who is most likely to become a hero.

So I really was a candidate to be a hero…

"How can I create the hero class?"

"...You only need to defeat one more Demon King general to create this class."

Just one more…

The thought that it would have to be Wiz made me feel sick.

Then again, there was still Wolbach around, as well as others we hadn't met yet.

That made me feel a bit better.

Part 3

I put the crystal ball away for now and moved on to my next chore.

The knight skills were straightforward enough to learn, since Megumin already showed me how to learn them.

After fifteen minutes, I unlocked all of them.

[Charge] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp)

When you have a running start, accumulate momentum. After the charge, if you hit a target, or several, they receive half of your Strength modifier (+10) as damage of the same type as your weapon. They are also knocked back 5-feet away from you. Both the damage and knockback ability is doubled when you are riding a mount.

[Challenge] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp)

Target 1 enemy to a duel. Your Bravery (65) will go against the target's Intuition when determining the success of this skill. The opponent will make this check at a disadvantage. They cannot break out of the challenge unless they successfully take away 20% of your current health bar.

[Inspire] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp)

Raise the morale of your teammates and increase Bravery among 5 people by +10 points, for 1 hour. Stamina regeneration is doubled while under the effects of this skill.

As for pledge, I already pledged myself to the Kingdom of Norse.

Aside from the exclusive skills, there were non-exclusive skills that the Knight class could learn that I was interested in.

Using DP, I summoned an adamantite wall in front of me.

Then using [Smithing], I created armor out of it.

Adamantite Plate Armor (Super Rare)

Full armor made of adamantite steel that covers every part of the body. Complete with a closed helmet. The parts that aren't covered by armor are still covered by adamantite chainmail. The armor has a red sheen and evokes the image of a gallant knight. Reduces incoming damage by +20. Applies a -20 penalty when sneaking and a 20% spell failure chance.

Sells for: 1,200,000 Yen

…What an upgrade from the half-plate.

Although those penalties to sneaking and spell chance conflicted with my build a lot.

I probably wasn't going to use this armor unless I needed to.

Still…

I looked at myself in the armor. It was perfectly fitted for my body and reflected the light with a red gleam.

…This thing is so badass!

I created a full-body mirror and did some poses.

"OK, I get it, papa, you're cool."

Aika-chan said, as she sat on my computer chair, narrowing her eyes at me.

You learned the [Heavy Armor] skill!

[Heavy Armor] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are proficient in wearing heavy armor. Reduce sneaking penalty when wearing heavy armor by -5 and reduce spell chance failure by 5%.

…The heavy armor skill didn't eliminate the penalties altogether.

Well, that's the cost of heavy armor, I guess.

Then, I took out Beldia's sword and swung it around.

You learned the skill [Two-Handed Sword]!

[Two-Handed Sword] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are proficient in using swords that require two hands to wield. You gain +10% weapon accuracy with attacks using two-handed swords.

I looked at the mirror again, this time posing with Beldia's sword.

"...So cool!"

Aika rolled her eyes and said,

"This is lame. I'm gonna play with Iris-chan now."
She left the dungeon room.

While looking at myself in the armor, I got a sudden desire to go to the original dungeon.

I mentioned this a while ago.

…The best part of becoming powerful was trying out that power on a bunch of weaklings.

And so, I went to the original dungeon.

I went to the first floor, equipped in my new armor and Beldia's sword.

"[Charge]! [Flash Attack]! [Wide Slash]!"

I blitzed towards a crowd of skeletons then swept Beldia's sword at them with a mighty swing. They crumbled to pieces.

Even though frontlining wasn't my main style, I wanted to enjoy the fantasy of being a heavily armored knight.

Shooting enemies from afar and with magic was probably more efficient.

But there was something cathartic about being in full-plate armor and swinging a big weapon around.

Still, I knew better than to kill too many monsters here on the first floor.

So I travelled up the floors, killing things along the way.

I didn't even need to worry about avoiding attacks, since nothing could damage me.

I stopped when I reached the desert biome boss room.

"...Time to head back."

My little power fantasy died as soon as I felt the heat.

…

…

When I returned home, I went to check up on my dungeon.

"Oh? 100 points already?"
More app-users came into the dungeon.

The AI was making floors as necessary and keeping app-users from getting lost, further increasing the DP yield.

Still, I made sure that the dungeon didn't spend too much DP, so I could actually spend some.

Now, as for what I wanted to spend it on…

I unlocked the most powerful golem the dungeon can buy.

The reason for this was to upgrade my golem EXP farm.

Simply put, those basic golems didn't provide enough EXP, even though they used up so much energy to make.

I also upgraded my pitfall trap. High level golems were much more durable, so I needed to make them drop from a higher place. I also created large spikes at the bottom, to ensure my traps were causing the final blow.

Unlocking the golems is one thing, but the problem was the energy source.

It might be hard to believe, but the reactors weren't enough.

It was just enough to get the Vanir Dungeon running, but adding that along with the new golem EXP farm was unsustainable.

So, I spent the rest of the DP on Coronatite.

Since I bought pure Coronatite, it wasn't as expensive as a Coronatite core.

But that wasn't a problem.

"[Smithing]!"

My maxed out [Smithing] allowed me to create a Coronatite Core using the raw Coronatite.

I also applied my new knowledge on Nuclear reactors when designing the core.

And so, I was able to produce a new energy source, along with the Nuclear reactors.

I created a new floor just for the golem EXP farm alone.

Watching from the observation deck, I watched as the giant golems fell to their death.

"Gack…!"

I tried not to choke as I saw that I gained 500 EXP just from one golem dying.

"..."

Eh? Isn't that around the same amount of EXP I got from killing a Goblin King?

I silently watched as the golems kept dropping.

Aika-chan returned, running all the way to the dungeon.

"Papa, I think I'm sick! My system is telling me you just leveled up?!"

…The change was so sudden that Aika-chan thought she was ill.

I leveled up, just like that.

OK, I'm not gonna lie.

This wasn't part of the plan.

Part 4

"Eh?! What is this ridiculous thing you made, papa?!"

Aika-chan said, as she watched the new golem trap.

To reduce the amount of time to the drop, I designed it so that there was no hallway.

Instead, I designed a dodecagonal pitfall trap.

On each side of the pit, there were runes set on that portion of the wall.

The golems will form out of those runes and immediately drop down into the trap.

In this way, 12 golems could drop down at once.

"Papa, no matter how you look at it, you went too far this time…!!! I was willing to overlook the nuclear reactors, and the human misery farm of a dungeon you just created with that devil, but this is too much! Who the heck gains 6,000 EXP every minute just from doing nothing!"

Since these golems were the highest level, it takes the runes about 1 minute to create them.

So 12 golems every minute produces 6,000 EXP.

"No… I didn't expect this to happen, either."

"At this rate, you'll…!"

All of a sudden, the golems stopped being produced.

"...Hm?"

"Oi! Boy! Put the power back on! Why are the lights off?!"

Vanir said, as if he was a tenant complaining to his landlord.

…I ran out of energy that quickly?

I rubbed my chin in thought.

"Are you telling me that having 12 max level golems being produced at the same time takes up so much energy?"

"You don't say?!"

Aika-chan said, waving her arms around in exasperation.

Once the golem farm stopped, the power in the dungeon went back on. I said,

"...I guess we need more energy."

"And how can we possibly produce more energy at this point! You've got a nuclear reactor and a legendary material that is pretty much a miniature sun! Where else can we get this energy that you want for your crazy schemes, papa?!"

I did some tests and I figured out that the limit was 2 minutes max for the golem farm.

Beyond that, the whole dungeon will shut down.

After those tests, I smiled and said,

"Well, I'll think about that tomorrow. We got a lot done today, so let's get some sleep."

"...I think that would be for the best."

We left the dungeon together.

…

…

In the morning, during breakfast, I said to Sena.

"Um… Does Japan happen to have more nuclear reactors to spare?"

She stared at me for a moment and said,

"You're asking that as if you were asking your neighbor if they have extra butter on hand. Of course not!"

I guess that was to be expected.

"…I don't suppose we can't make a Dyson Swarm anytime soon, huh?"

"OK, it's too early in the morning for this."

Sena proceeded to ignore me.

Mitsurugi raised his brow.

"What are you on about now, Satou? Also, it's unusual to see you at breakfast."

Well, I only came down here to ask Sena that question.

But since I was here anyway, I went to grab something to eat.

"We have that game after school. You ready, Satou?"

…To be honest, my mind was still on that farm.

"Oh, yeah. Sure."

"...You don't seem ready at all."

He sensed my inattention.

When I went to school, I asked Lia, who got better grades than me,

"How do you think one can produce a lot of energy, more specifically, infinite energy?"

"...What kind of anime did you watch last night?"

She said, surprised by my strange question.

My head was filled with thoughts about the golem farm all throughout the school day.

By then, I decided that there was no use thinking about this.

I was just being too greedy. This golem farm was already way better than anything I had before. I should be content with its current production.

By the way, I had the dungeon AI activate the farm during 10 hour intervals. This was the best timing to avoid another shutdown.

You gained a level!

I leveled up again from the time I woke up, to when I was in classes.

For now, I switched back to the Adventurer class, since it had been a while.

I might have been missing out on learning new skills while I was switching to other classes.

…Although it was tempting to unlock one of the other available classes, like Pervert, NEET and Merchant.

But I was leveling up so often now anyway that I wouldn't have to wait that long to unlock those classes if I wanted to. So I stuck with old reliable.

For now, there was the soccer game to focus on.

"Ah, our star has arrived!"

The coach greeted me with a warm pat on the back.

"...Who are our opponents for today?"

Before the coach could answer, I heard a loud voice.

"Another battle between us, eh, Mitsurugi?!"

Mitsurugi's rival with the buzz cut was here again.

"You're way too energetic as always…"

"Ohhh… You sure are cool, aren't you?"

I ignored their pre-game trash talk, since I wasn't involved in their rivalry at all.

Instead, I focused on our gameplan.

Upon my request, I moved from Attacking Midfielder to Defensive Midfielder.

I felt like I would have more impact on the field this way, since Mitsurugi could handle the offense on his own. Having me up there with him was overkill.

I also wanted to practice my defense while I had the chance.

The game started with our ball.

The flow of the game was calm at the start.

However, the opponents suddenly picked up the pace, pushing it along the middle.

I observed the way they were passing.

There were some moments where I felt like I could make a tackle.

But I learned during practice that sometimes taking the less risky play, focusing on erasing space, was the better option.

And so, I closed the gaps with my teammates, forming a line that the opposing team simply couldn't come across.

Sometimes, not having the ball was actually less pressure than having the ball.

After all, if you have possession and you lose the ball, it's a counter-attack for the other team.

I settled for watching them try to penetrate our defense.

That was when I learned something from the fly.

I shifted out of position on purpose, baiting the pass.

Then, when I knew where the pass was going, I leapt out and knocked the lob pass with a header to my teammate.

I ran along with them for a counter-attack, and I sent a connecting pass to the center midfielder.

Mitsurugi ended up with the ball, and he finished the play with a rainbow flick to a simple finish.

"Ohhh! Satou is moving better than before!"

"He's like Modric out there!"

"Kyaaa~! He's so hoooot~!"

My charisma stat was in full display now.

The cheers for me from the female section were actually on par with Mitsurugi's.

Who knew the day would ever come.

Also, I felt like the buzz cut guy was glaring at me.

"Tch… Another rival shows up, huh?"

I didn't think he was talking about the football sense.

Did he hate Mitsurugi so much because of his popularity?

Well, I was like that at the start, so I couldn't really blame him.

Part 5

The game ended 2-0 with our victory.

I made sure to kill any momentum the opponents were trying to form, while Mitsurugi made decisive goals.

We could have probably scored more, but we held back out of respect to our opponents.

"Good job."

Mitsurugi said, tossing a towel at me once we were in the locker room.

"How are you liking the new position? I'm surprised you even switched."

I wiped myself dry, then said,

"I feel like I'll stick with it. I have more influence in the game this way."

"I see… I can't believe this is the same guy who was just phoning it in at the start."

I chuckled, reminiscing about those days as well.

"Well, I'm a hardworking role model to all now."

"Let's not go too far."

We went to the smoothie store after the game.

You gained +2 Stamina!

While we were drinking, I said,

"By the way, Mitsurugi… Did you end up calling Cecily?"

I had to address this eventually.

He glanced away and said,

"OK, now here me out…"

Uh-oh.

A guy saying that can only mean one thing.

"...I'm listening."

"Listen… I only called her to give her a proper rejection. But how can I say this… She sounded so normal!"

So Cecily did make changes to her abhorrent behavior.

"She asked me to meet her at a cafe. I didn't really have a reason to refuse since she asked so nicely… When we met up, I thought that she was a different girl entirely! She behaved like the perfect girl!"

I nodded along.

That Cecily sure was dedicated.

And I suppose she wasn't stupid.

She knew that if she indulged in her 'hobbies', the Japanese police would arrest her on the spot.

She'd get 5 stars right away.

They might even send out a police helicopter on her.

"So, uh… I agreed to have a second date with her soon… What do you think?"

"If she's behaving, it should be fine, right?"

Everyone deserves a second chance.

I knew that well.

…Although I should really apply that treatment to Kazuto as well.

Even if he was a scumbag like me, there was always a chance he could change, especially if I helped him.

Same goes with Cecily. I said,

"Just don't put out right away. She might revert back to her usual ways if she gets what she wants from the start."

"Right…"

And so, our somewhat awkward advice session promptly ended.

…

…

I went back to the dungeon to check up on Vanir.

"Ah, boy! Our prime hours are just about to start!"

He was talking like a restaurant owner.

Well, he was right.

Students are getting home from school and will fill his dungeon soon.

I looked at the cost for Coronatite.

…Material costs increase with each purchase.

I suppose that was because such rare materials weren't unlimited.

Now it costs 1,000 DP.

Isn't that too big of a jump?

Well, there was no use complaining.

"I hope we make a good profit today again, Vanir."

"Yes, of course!"

Heading out of the dungeon, I laid on my bed, resting from the match, as well as using this time to check the app.

I had 8 skill points to spend.

While I was deciding what to spend the points on, my eyes landed on the [Divination] skill.

Well… There wasn't any harm in asking it.

"...What is the best skill to spend skill points on?"

"In terms of personal use [Bedroom Skill]."

This smartass.

"I mean in a practical sense!"

"Then that would have to be the [Medicine] skill."

I didn't expect that answer.

Although I made a medicinal paste before and planned on mass-producing it for the soldiers, I didn't think that this skill would be a priority.

But then I thought about it.

If [Smithing] could already create Legendary items like a Coronatite core at Rank 5, then what would a Rank 5 [Medicine] skill be capable of?

It might not only help in terms of the war, but humanity overall.

I followed the ball's advice and spent 4 points on [Medicine].

[Medicine] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive skill

You are proficient in creating and administering medicines of a 'Master' make! Success of creating such medicines relies on your Intelligence (98).

…Wait, I just remembered that I needed ingredients for this.

And if 'master' grade medicine required ingredients on the same level as Coronatite…

When I asked the ball, it said,

You should have thought of that before wasting those Skill Points, buddy.

I almost smashed this ball.

…Even if it gave me the best answer, that didn't necessarily mean that it was the right one for me at the moment.

For example, the advice it told me to beat the Demon King is to gain the Hero class.

As if I had any hope in achieving that at the moment.

So, unless I happened to come across some legendary herb right now, I pretty much wasted my points.

Well, that's my fault for relying on divination for everything.

I started to depend on this ball as if it were Doraemon, and I was Nobita-kun.

I relied on my own intuition this time.

In the end, I decided to spend it on [Skill Bind].

It was a very powerful skill that could shutdown an enemy's main abilities, and I felt that it was a safe investment.

[Skill Bind] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (10 mp)

Prevents the activation of an active skill. This skill will cost more mana when used against magic-based skills, starting at 5 mp for Elementary Magic. This skill no longer has a cooldown after it has been used.

The mana cost went down from 15 to 10 mp, and there was no longer a cooldown.

…This was certainly a big upgrade.

Part 6

"Ready to go to the dungeon, senpai?"

Rin said, knocking on my door.

I was playing games with Iris and Aika-chan in my room, with Aika-chan sitting on my lap.

"Oh, right. Sorry, I lost track of time."

"'Coz every moment spent with your dear Aika-chan makes you forget the rest of the world, right, papa?"

Aika-chan said, batting her eyes at me.

I chuckled and gave her a little peck on the top of her head, making her squeal cutely.

Rin smiled at the sight.

"Wah… You sure are a good papa, senpai…"

Was her maternal instincts activating, or something?

Iris had a thoughtful look on her face, then said,

"Um… Do you think I can come with you this time?"

Rin and I turned to look at her.

"Iris… I thought we said that you don't need to worry about fighting."

She already did so much of that in the other world.

"You say that but… How would you feel if you were in my position, senpai? Everyone is fighting, meanwhile all I'm doing is going to school and playing video games."

"You mean, like a normal teenager?"

"Kazuto told you this before, but you're also a normal teenager, onii-sama!"

…I guess that's something I always needed to be reminded of.

Maybe my perception of the world has been warped, after all the responsibilities I've been saddled with.

I viewed Iris as an unfortunate child soldier.

But… I'm pretty much the same.

I even had a military rank to prove it.

"Alright. I get it."

"Are you sure, senpai?"

I nodded to Rin.

"Yeah. We'll make sure she's safe."

And so, it was decided that Iris would come with us.

…

…

I know I said that we'd keep Iris safe, but…

"Exterion…!!!"

Using the sword Mitsurugi gave her, Iris released a blinding wave of crescent-shaped energy from the blade, which tore through an Elemental Knight.

"..."

We all stared at Iris, who smiled cheerfully at us.

"Phew! I'm a bit rusty but… How was it?"

Right.

Despite what she looks like, this girl had seen way more combat and hardship than us.

She was also insanely powerful.

Megumin eyed Iris, before saying,

"...Oi, since you're a rookie here, let me explain the rules. No showboating."

That was rich coming from her.

"Ah, sorry! I wasn't trying to showboat, or anything…"

As we continued on, Mitsurugi leaned in to whisper to me,

"...To be honest, I think she'll just end up one-shotting the monsters on this floor."

"Seriously?"

"Yeah, seriously."

Was there even any point in us coming here, then?

Iris was a team player, though.

She waited patiently while we took turns killing monsters to gain EXP for ourselves.

…Not like I even really needed that EXP with the upgraded golem farm.

Instead, I had another objective.

That is, to look around for rare loot or herbs I can use with [Medicine].

…Maybe I should have put points into [Treasure Detection].

It didn't take long at all for us to reach the 52nd floor boss room.

"...A mountain biome?"

Mitsurugi nodded after telling us what to expect.

"The floor exit will be on top of the mountain. The boss creatures are manticores, which will try to attack us and even throw us off the mountain. There are also creatures such as wyverns, which are quite rare, as well as Living Boulders."

…This was already way more dangerous than the previous minotaur area.

Well, our firepower considerably improved, especially with Iris here, so there was that.

The dungeon door led us to the foot of the mountain.

However, the land stretched beyond that, and there was forest land and plains that stretched beyond the mountain, and there was a river that curved around the mountain. I saw the reflective scales of fish darting through the river, as it flowed East.

"...These floors really keep getting bigger."

Darkness said, looking around in wonder at the surrounding nature.

"You like it when it's bigger, don't you, Darkness?"
Darkness stared in shock at Megumin.

"W-What a crude thing to say! Geez… I didn't you were like that, Megumin… I see you in a different way now…"

While Darkness was giving Megumin an odd look, Megumin backed away from her and said,

"...I just meant that more space in general will give you more room to move and attack… What are you on about?"

"Ah."

I ignored their little comedic routine and asked Mitsurugi,

"Are there any communities here like with the Bark People?"

"...While there are intelligent creatures, they don't go so far as to become peaceful and cordial with humans. In fact, the intelligent monsters who reside in the forest, use a tactic of waiting for app-users that retreat from the mountain, while wounded. They will then attack those app-users while they are weak."

That sounds horrible.

So those who couldn't teleport or didn't have enough mana for a final teleport were finished off by the monsters in the forest.

If Iris wasn't here with us, I would have considered backing out.

"Let's go, onii-sama! I'm excited! It's been a while since I hunted monsters for fun like this!"

This was fun for Iris?

Also, it looked like she was eager to show off to me.

"Like I said, you shouldn't try to showboat, Iris. Ah, how about I explode the mountain right now?"

Who's the one really showboating here?

Part 7

There was a trail that would lead us up, but the problem was the monsters we would encounter along the way.

After about 15 minutes of walking, I had everyone stop.

That was because I sensed an enemy ahead.

A Living Boulder suddenly rolled out from its hiding place, trying to camouflage itself as part of the mountain.

"[Exterion]!"

Iris tried to split the boulder with her powerful attack, but the Living Boulder split itself in half, letting the beam slash pass through, before quickly reforming.

It then started rolling towards us.

"What's with this thing?!"

I said, as we started running down the mountain.

"...It's best if we just let it chase us down! We can deal with it on even ground!"

Mitsurugi said, since it can just evade attacks, or maybe even just repair itself after an attack hits.

Its body was a boulder, after all.

"Screw that! I'm not gonna keep climbing up and down everytime we encounter these things! [Smithing]!"

I turned around and touched the wall.

The boulder was knocked off the trail and fell down the side of the mountain, as the wall formed into a protruding fist.

I then made the fist return to its previous state.

"Good thinking, Kazuma. I was about to use explosion magic to destroy it, but your plan was a bit better."

Megumin said, with a thumbs up.

As if that wouldn't kill us too.

"Uwa… I didn't know there were so many different ways to fight… My Exterion didn't help at all…"

Iris said, looking discouraged.

Darkness smiled and placed a comforting hand on her shoulder.

"Don't worry, Iris-chan. Everyone has roles. There are those who defend, those who attack and those who provide all kinds of utility. There's no use feeling discouraged just because you can't do everything…"

"I see… Thank you, Lalatina nee-sama!"

What a heartwarming scene.

Those two kinda seem sisterly, now that I think about it.

Or maybe that's just the blonde hair making me think that way.

Rin looked down at where the boulder fell. We saw that it had repaired itself and was going to roll back up the mountain.

"...Are those things unbreakable?"

Rin said, uneasily laughing as she saw the Living Boulder going up the mountain, presumably to come after us.

"You'd have to break its core, like with an elemental. But the core is hard to find, and it's never in the same place when they restore their bodies."

Are we sure these things weren't the real boss monsters?

"Not to mention that there are 'dynamite' variations that explode when they're hit."

"What?! How dare it imitate my explosion magic!"

Megumin was suddenly feeling territorial when she heard about these variations.

I sighed and said,

"Yeah, I don't wanna do this anymore. Let's head back."

"Eh?! You're giving up?"

Aqua said, which made me turn to her.

"...Why would we go up this hellish mountain when we can just come back with an attack helicopter again?"

She blinked, then rubbed her chin.

"Yeah, I guess that would be better."

"...Wait, what?"

Ah, I guess Mitsurugi wasn't there for that.

"We brought an attack helicopter to avoid fighting the Brutal Alligators directly."

"Are you crazy?!"

I guess he'd have that kind of reaction.

Yunyun slowly raised her hand and said,

"Um… I don't think that would work… Helicopters are quite noisy, which will attract all the manticores and wyverns. There are a lot of cheat-users who use items to fly, but they just get swarmed by all the flying creatures here… That's the main source of death, actually."

"...How did you and Mitsurugi even get past this area?"

I said, curious to hear how they got through this absurd place.

"Well… I bought an extremely expensive potion of invisibility from the Wiz Magic Shop, while Yunyun-chan used [Light of Refraction]."

So they both cheated.

And of course only Mitsurugi would have been able to afford Wiz's items, back then.

But with such a large party, it was impossible for all of us to sneak around like that.

As we heard the Living Boulder from before approaching, I just created another fist to punch it off the mountain.

But at the last second, it broke itself into pieces and jumped over the fist.

"...Eh?!"

On a reflex, I touched the wall again and formed an earth bunker all around us.

"Hah… that was close… Hm…?"

I looked to the side and we saw that we had found ourselves in a cavern.

"Don't tell me… Are mountains actually empty on the inside?!"

Poor Aqua.

I knew she was trying to be smarter these days but…

She had a long way to go.

"No, we just happened to connect to a cavern… Do you know about this, Mitsurugi?"

He nodded and said,

"There are some caves and caverns within the mountain… But as for the monsters that live here, there are only weak ones such as skeletons and Giant Bats."

Giant Bats sound threatening, but like he said, they were fairly weak.

In fact, they didn't even bother to attack us, as they were intimidated by our collective levels.

"...Senpai, I'm gonna be honest, I don't think this floor is worth it when it comes to gaining experience… And the random loot box you get for beating the floor boss isn't worth it, either."

Rin, ever the pragmatic one, said this.

Not to mention I didn't even have a random loot box quest this time, since my quest list hadn't refreshed yet.

"Can you just teleport us to the next floor, Yunyun?"

"Eh? Um… I don't have a teleportation mark there…"

That made sense, but it sure was inconvenient.

I then looked at my app, since I had 4 skill points from the last level up.

…Would a Rank 5 golem be able to just power through those enemies?

I suppose I could try.

I put the 4 skill points on [Create Golem].

[Create Golem] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (X mp)

Summon an 'Earth Golem' of the 'Common', 'Uncommon', 'Rare', 'Very Rare' or 'Super Rare' variety. This golem will obey all your commands to the best of its abilities. The mana cost starts from 15 with the 'Common' variety and goes up by 15 for each grade above it.

You can have as many common earth golems active at the same time, but you can only have 4 Uncommon, 3 Rare, 2 Very Rare and 1 Super Rare golems active at once.

Common Earth Golem:

Armor (Dirt Body): +2 Physical Reduction

Size: Very Small

Health Points: 10/10

Mana Points: 5/5

Stamina Points: None Required

EXP Yield: 2

Actions:

Smack: Bludgeoning +1 (40% accuracy, +2 Bonus damage)

Curl: +5 Physical Reduction (cannot move, nor attack)

Uncommon Earth Golem:

Armor (Dirt Body): +4 Physical Reduction

Size: Small

Health Points: 20/20

Mana Points: 10/10

Stamina Points: None Required

EXP Yield: 10

Actions:

Smack: +5 Bludgeoning (50% accuracy, +3 Bonus damage)

Curl: +6 Physical Reduction (cannot move, nor attack)

Rare Earth Golem:

Armor (Dirt Body): +8 Physical Reduction

Size: Medium

Health Points: 40/40

Mana Points: 15/15

Stamina Points: None Required

EXP Yield: 50

Actions:

Smack: +10 Bludgeoning (60% accuracy, +4 Bonus damage)

Double Attack: The golem uses the smack attack twice in quick succession (5 mp cost). The second attack is made with 50% of its accuracy.

Curl: +7 Physical Reduction (cannot move, nor attack)

Very Rare Earth Golem:

Armor (Dirt Body): +16 Physical Reduction + 5 Magic Resistance

Size: Large

Health Points: 80/80

Mana Points: 15/15

Stamina Points: None Required

EXP Yield: 100

Actions:

Smack: +15 Bludgeoning (70% accuracy, +5 Bonus damage)

Double Attack: The golem uses the smack attack twice in quick succession (5 mp cost). The second attack is made with 50% of its accuracy.

Triple Attack: The golem uses the smack attack thrice in quick succession (10 mp cost). The second attack is made with 50% of its accuracy, and the third attack is made with 25% of its accuracy.

Curl: +8 Physical Reduction (cannot move, nor attack)

Super Rare Earth Golem:

Armor (Dirt Body): +20 Physical Reduction, +10 Magic Resistance

Size: Very Large

Health Points: 160/160

Mana Points: 20/20

Stamina Points: None Required

EXP Yield: 500

Actions:

Smack: +20 Bludgeoning (80% accuracy, +6 Bonus damage)

Double Attack: The golem uses the smack attack twice in quick succession (5 mp cost). The second attack is made with 50% of its accuracy.
Triple Attack: The golem uses the smack attack thrice in quick succession (10 mp cost). The second attack is made with 50% of its accuracy, and the third attack is made with 25% of its accuracy.

Curl: +9 Physical Reduction (cannot move, nor attack)

…This was the longest skill description yet.

It filled up an entire page on my app.

What an eyesore.

Furthermore, unlike the [Smithing] skill, it didn't let me produce legendary grade creations at Rank 5.

…Maybe that was because 'Super Rare' was the max grade for golems?

It did have the same EXP yield as the golems my dungeon produced.

That was a bit disappointing, but then again, the thought that a legendary grade golem is somewhere out there in the dungeon is scary to think about.

Especially since a Super Rare golem already does 26 damage with just one attack, not to mention it could use the [Triple Attack] skill twice with the 20 mp it had.

This golem could probably straight up one-shot me if I got hit.

And I was willing to bet that with that kind of power…

We could probably make our way to the top.

Part 8

"[Create Golem]!"

Inside the wide cavern, I was able to safely make the Super Rare Golem.

"Ohhh…! So cool…!!!"

Of course, Megumin got all excited seeing me summon such a big golem.

It was 15-feet tall and struck quite the magnificent sight.

"...I see… We can probably use this to clear a path for us."

Mitsurugi said, nodding at the golem.

"Wait, how is it going to walk along the mountain trail?"

"..."

Aqua of all people was the one who made me see the flaws of my plan.

"Well… It's tall but it's not especially wide… It could walk along the trail, but it will have some trouble…"

Mitsurugi said, with a sigh.

So, we're back to the drawing board, huh?

"Kazuma, you just got too excited. Just summon a smaller golem."

"...I doubt a smaller golem will be that effective in clearing the path ahead, though.

She made a good point.

I restored my mana, then summoned a Very Rare grade golem this time.

It was still large, but it was more suitable for walking along the trail.

"Alright, we're good to go!"

I made an opening on the mountain side, big enough for the golem to pop out.

Only for the Living Boulder to attack again.

The golem went forward and rammed its shoulder against the Living Boulder, knocking it off the mountain to fall down once more.

"...Let's hurry before it gets back up."

We nodded and quickly followed the golem along.

As we went up, it was efficient in dealing with the living boulders, but…

After that, we saw the first flock of wyvern's circling above us.

"[Cursed Lightning]!"

Yunyun was able to strike one down, but the other wyverns dove towards us, avoiding the bolt of lightning that struck their comrade.

"[Sacred Lightning Blare]!"

…Eh? Iris had lightning attacks, too?

A white bolt of lightning struck more wyverns, but…

The instinct of these predators, who were used to hunting in such a hostile environment, made them spread out. Iris struck down a lot of them, but there was still a group remaining.

…This floor is just insane!

And these aren't even the boss monsters yet!

"I'll use [Decoy] behind the golem!"

"...! That's genius, Darkness!"

Darkness smiled at the praise, then went behind the golem.

"[Decoy]!"

The wyverns, who were once an organized group, suddenly went into a frenzy and attacked in the direction of the golem, trying to attack the one that attracted their ire.

However, the golem got in the way, smacking down the wyverns who got close.

The wyverns who didn't get smacked down used their tails, stabbing the golem with the tip of their tails.

Mitsurugi smirked and said,

"...They're trying to poison your golem…"

It really was the right move to use that golem.

If we relied on Darkness and Mitsurugi, even if they had poison resistance and Aqua healing them, that would have turned out badly for us.

I took out the rhino horn and turned it into an arrow.

"[Snipe!]"

The spiraling horn tore through a wyvern.

"[Light Spirit Arrows]!"

I watched as Rin showed a new move, turning her light spirits into arrows and launching them, which took out the remaining wyverns.

She smiled at me.

"Hehe… I got inspired by senpai's usual exploits and invented a new skill!"

Even Rin was calling my inventions exploits…

…

…

We fell into a pattern of Darkness using [Decoy] and hiding behind the golem, then striking down the frenzied wyverns.

Once we got into a groove, the impossible task of moving up this mountain without invisibility spells became surprisingly easy.

"This is working out so far, but we might not be so successful with the manticores…"

Mitsurugi said, while looking at the golem.

Yunyun slowly nodded with him as they shared a glance. Since they were fighting together for so long, they already knew what each other was thinking about.

"Like what Mitsurugi-san said… Unlike wyverns, Manticores have a deadly long-ranged attack. They can just stay up in the air and shoot incredibly sharp spikes at us.

…Is she serious?

This is actually the worst floor yet!

I would rather face the Winter Shogun again!

…Well, maybe that's an exaggeration.

The worst part was that I wasn't even gaining much EXP throughout all this.

We did get some loot from the wyverns, including their poison glands.

But I wasn't sure if that was really worth all the danger and stress.

I looked at the golem.

If the manticores had a dangerous long-ranged attack, we'd be done for if the golem went down.

We needed to increase its durability, then.

"[Smithing]!"

Since I had adamantite armor I wasn't using right now, I took it out.

The armor disassembled itself and merged with the golem.

Its body was now lined with adamantite plate.

Wait… This was just a spur of the moment idea, but this could work.

I took out Beldia's sword and handed it to the golem.

This should increase its attack potential.

"Kyaaa! Kazuma, you just keep making it cooler!"

Megumin went up to hug the golem, looking up at it with admiration in her eyes.

I had the golem give her a pat on the head.

"Well… This might work."

Mitsurugi said, before turning his head to the skies as we all heard a screech.

The manticores had arrived.

Aside from its face that looked terrifyingly human, it had the body of a lion, dragon-like wings and its tail was full of dangerously sharp spikes.

Like Yunyun said, they stayed from afar.

Then, they swung their spiky tails and launched them like missiles towards us.

Thankfully, Darkness already used [Decoy].

The golem moved forward and blocked the attacks.

But some of them pierced through the gaps the adamantite armor wasn't covering.

Some of the manticores, seeing that, dove down, intending to finish off the golem in close-combat.

"[Decoy]!"

Darkness stepped away from the golem, preserving its health. The manticores turned their attention to her and attacked.

Only for their movements to slow down.

"I got you, Darkness-san! Winter Shogun Armor, equipped…!"

Aika-chan replaced Darkness's armor with the Winter Shogun's.

Its effect activated, slowing down the movements of the manticores around her.

"Hahhh…! [Wide Slash]...!"

She also took out the Winter Shogun's nodachi and managed to decapitate one Manticore, while gravely injuring the others.

…She couldn't use that armor all that often thanks to its mana drain, but…

It was the perfect armor for Darkness to land decisive attacks with.

Mitsurugi finished off the rest of the Manticores with Gram.

Meanwhile, Iris, Yunyun and Rin all nodded together.

They pointed their hands to the skies and unleashed a torrent of lightning magic.

Many Manticores were slain, but many still remained. Some of them dove down, while others stayed to attack from afar.

I controlled the golem, which used Beldia's sword to slash down a manticore, but the others got through.

"[Flash]!"

I blinded the Manticores that got close.

Then the golem finished them off with [Triple Attack], the sword disappearing in a series of rapid strikes, which left the manticores beheaded.

As for the remaining manticores…

Megumin twirled her staff and pointed it at the sky.

"...Explosion!"

They were decimated in black smoke and brilliant flames that filled the sky.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, NightSight, Krosus987 and 195 others
BoringBone
Apr 28, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 52: A Park Trip For This Feuding Family!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
May 3, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,272
A/N: I'm accepting commissions now! Please DM me if you're interested!

And as always, thank you for all your lovely comments!


Chapter 52: A Park Trip For This Feuding Family!

Part 1

We retrieved the manticores that weren't blown up by Megumin's explosion.

After Megumin finished skinning them, we got some hide as well as wings and teeth from the manticores.

The teeth didn't really have much purpose aside from selling, so we just distributed those among the party.

I made these materials into items with my [Smithing].

Manticore Hide Bracers (Super Rare)

When equipped, the user gets the [Bow] skill if they don't have it already. Ranged weapon attacks deal an additional +1 damage if this is equipped.

Sells for: 320,000 Yen

I didn't really need this item, so I asked the others if they were interested in it.
"...I don't really have a use for that."

Darkness said, stating the obvious.

As for the others, there weren't any bow users as well.

Then, I looked at the golem.

…Can golems even use bows?

Well, if they get the [Bow] skill with this item… It should be fine, right?

With the wyvern materials from before, I made a new weapon.

Green Wyvern Crossbow (Super Rare)

A crossbow made from the bones and scales of a Green Wyvern. Enchanted with wind magic, the range of ammunition fired from this crossbow is extended by +20 feet. Ammunition fired from this bow also ignores the effects of wind spells that deter the flight of bolts.

Ammo: 30/30 (Wyvern Claw-tipped bolts)

We watched as the golem carried the crossbow.

"Ohhh…!"

With the bracers on, it naturally fired the crossbow.

Well, crossbows are easier to use than normal bows, but it was still impressive that the bracers gave the ability to allow even a mindless golem to fire crossbows with decent accuracy.

After that…

Not wanting to linger in this place any longer, we made it to the exit door, happily leaving this treacherous place behind.

"Ahh… I'm glad we made it out alive…"

Rin said, as we piled out of the door.

"That was rather fun, wasn't it!"

Iris said, clapping her hands together.

…Is this girl serious?

How bad were things back in her world that she thought any of that was fun?!

We set a mark on the 53rd floor before teleporting out of the dungeon. Only Iris had enough energy to keep going, but we were all dead tired.

I dissolved the golem, knowing that it would just disintegrate if I put it in my inventory, anyway, just like with the Vibrato Sword (temp name).

"Good job, everyone."

I said, as we split up when we got back to the mansion.

…That was way too difficult.

And I didn't even get that much EXP because I was splitting the kills with everyone.

You got 6,000 EXP from the golem farm! You have leveled up!

"..."

Meanwhile, I was getting the same amount of EXP from my golem farm, without risking my life.

"...That's it. I'm not going back to the dungeon again."

Any wide-eyed enthusiasm I had for exploring the dungeon was immediately extinguished.

Aika-chan, who came into the dungeon just as I went in, rolled her eyes at me. She was eating a popsicle as she sat on the bed, kicking her feet around.

"Eh, you always say things like that, papa. I learned not to take you seriously everytime."

"I'm serious this time! Why would I risk my life in that stupid dungeon, with boulders that try to flatten you as you climb up a mountain, and manticores that shoot spikes at you while flying around! Then if you retreat and make it back to the foot of the mountain, monsters from the forest will come out to finish you off!"

"...Hm… Well, that floor is rather challenging, but I'm sure it will get better!"

I wasn't convinced at all.

"If you need more firepower, how about I help you, papa?"

I stared at this small child.

"Haha, that's cute."

I said, pulling her cheeks.

"Hey! I know I look like a cutie patootie, but you should be reminded that I'm actually a super advanced AI with a golem body!"

"You just wanted to call yourself cute and super advanced, didn't you?"

Although, she did bring up a good point.

Now that I had create golem at rank 5, I could give her a more powerful body.

Actually, I could create a super rare golem and use [Golem Manipulation] to reduce its size. It wasn't like I could make any of the big golems in the dungeon, with its limited space.

Well, that was only possible if I maxed out [Golem Manipulation] first.

Good thing I had 4 skill points right now from leveling up.

I went ahead and spent those points on [Golem Manipulation].

[Golem Manipulation] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (10 mp)

Manipulate the shape and form of a golem under your control. At rank 5, Super Rare golems and below can be affected.

Then, I made a Super Rare golem, but manipulated its shape to be about the same size as Aika-chan's current form.

Then I used smithing to create the synthetic material that made Aika-chan's body feel real.

"Ohh! Good job, papa! You have recreated my cute and wonderful self!"

"...You really inherited your mama's narcissism, huh?"

"Alright, I'm ready, so transfer me over, papa!"

I nodded and touched Aika-chan's current body. Using [Soul Transfer], I moved her over to the new one.

The new body started to move, with Aika-chan jumping around to test it out.

"Whoa, this body feels more powerful!"

She dashed around from side to side.

"Hmm… Since we made the form more compact, I guess the speed will also increase."

I said, while watching the agility Aika-chan was displaying.

"I can go zoom zoom now!"

I also gave Aika-chan the manticore bracers to put on, as well as the wyvern crossbow I made.

I made some targets for her to practice on, and just like with the golem from earlier, Aika was able to use the crossbow properly.

"Hmm… I wonder, can you unlock a class and stuff?"

I asked Aika-chan, while watching her practice.

"No, at least, not that I know of. I'm not a living thing, after all."

I guess that should have been obvious, but I wanted to make sure.

I had her use Beldia's Greatsword next.

"[Triple Attack]!"

"...?!!"

I washed as she diced the target in three pieces, with fast attacks that almost seemed to blend together in blurs of motion.

She was able to carry Beldia's Greatsword just fine, but it looked ridiculous having such a small body carry a sword like that.

Then again, such occurrences were normal in anime.

Part 2

I checked on Vanir's dungeon next.

It earned another 1,000 DP during the prime hours that Vanir was speaking about.

Perhaps it would have earned even more, as it seemed that the traffic increased, but I also set the dungeon AI to start producing loot and treasures.

This was all to maintain a steady inflow of visitors, so I was willing to spend those DP.

I was about to spend all of that DP on more coronatite ore.

"...?!"

Only to see the cost go up to 10,000 DP after I bought one for 1,000.

"What is with this inflation?!"

It would be a while until I could get another core, huh?

For now, I built a new coronatite core to power the golem farm.

…What should I do? It's not like I can get 10,000 DP anytime soon.

As more app-users come to Vanir's dungeon, the more floors will be needed, and the more energy the whole thing will require.

Not to mention replenishing loot and treasure.

I guess I have to think of other ways to create energy.

Also… Maybe I was a bit too ambitious with having 12 Super Rare golems drop at the same time.

For example, even just reducing the rarity to the Very Rare grade might save a lot of energy, and it will still give 100 EXP per drop.

It didn't matter how I got the EXP, as long as I was getting a lot of it.

It's not like I'm doing EV training here.

Now, as for the energy sources, I could think of a few ideas.

…But the problem is that the issue here isn't necessarily total power output, but the amount that could be generated all at once.

So even if I created a bunch of energy sources, I would still be limited in how many golems I could generate in one burst, otherwise I'd cause another shutdown in the dungeon.

I needed to keep that in mind.

As for the ideas I came up with…

I went back to the ever reliable basic earth golems.

Since they were at a common rarity, they were extremely energy efficient.

After all, even the manatite core I started out with was enough to reliably produce them for extended periods of time.

Then, I created many treadmills for them to run on, which were designed to generate electricity.

I created an entire floor which would eventually be filled with golems running endlessly on treadmills.

The energy would then be saved up and used exclusively for the golem EXP farm.

Next, I created a floor that was to be filled with wind turbines.

The dungeon can create artificial biomes using runes and magical items.

The original dungeon was even able to create an arctic environment.

And so, I waited for Vanir's dungeon to get some more DP, about a hundred or so, then spent that to unlock the wind runes.

I wasn't planning on creating too many, since I didn't have the DP for that.

I just wanted to try it first.

But then I thought of something while looking at the rune symbol etched on the wall.

"...Can't I just make a rune if I copy that exact design?"

I asked Aika-chan, who was jumping around the new floor, still enamored with the improved physical specs of her body.

She did an unnecessary frontflip before coming to my side and looking at the rune.

"You can try, but it needs to be a perfect copy. You also need to apply mana while making the rune."

So it was like high-level calligraphy with magic on top of it.

I looked at Aika-chan and said,

"Wait… Can't you just do it? You have perfect AI precision, as well as a golem body that will help with such tasks."

"Hm… I guess I can try…"

She pressed her finger into the dirt wall and traced the rune symbol at dazzling speed. Blue streaks of light followed the movement, as she embedded mana into the engraving.

When it was done, she created a perfect replica of the wind rune.

"My girl is a genius! A genius, I tell you!"

"Ehe! Aww… Papa keep praising me!"

I hugged Aika-chan and spun her around after she actually managed to create a rune symbol on her own.

"This is gonna save papa a lot of DP!"

"...You're talking like a father who is using his daughters' talents for profit now. Please stop."

Her joy disappeared in an instant. Then, she said,

"Hm… For some reason, papa learned a new skill… Eh?! Why is it papa when I'm the one who did all the work?!"

I looked at my phone to see what she was talking about.

[Create Elemental Rune] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

At rank 1, you can create persistent elemental conditions related to fire, wind, earth and water. You do not need to spend mana when using this skill, however, one needs to be able to control and use mana as a prerequisite. After the rune symbol is engraved, it must spend at least ten minutes in its new location in order for the rune to be used.

…I guess since Aika-chan's body is technically a result of my skill, I was the one who unlocked this.

It was a good thing I had the Adventurer class equipped this time, or we would have never noticed this.

"This is unfair! So unfair!"

I rubbed the pouting Aika-chan's head.

"Don't you know, Aika-chan… That a child's accomplishments are their parents' accomplishments, too?"

"So mean! I'm not gonna talk to papa for the rest of the night!"

"Eh, wait, you gotta make these runes! Do your chores young lady, or I'm telling mama!"

"...?! Anything but that?! I'll behave!"

Along with the wind turbines, of course, I was also planning water turbines.

Things were looking good for the Vanir dungeon's energy sector.

Part 3

When I woke up the next morning…

You have gained 2 levels since last night!

…I guess the adjustments were effective.

With that, I'm now level 40.

If I didn't upgrade Aika-chan's golem body last night, I would have decided then and there to stop going to the original dungeon.

After all, there really wasn't much point in doing that anymore, with how efficient my golem farm is now.

Actually, even going to school seemed like a chore.

I forced myself to get out of bed.

As for my skill points, I thought it was a good idea to spend 4 of them on [Create Elemental Rune].

But before doing so, I consulted with the crystal ball.

That seems to be a good choice, I guess? You also get access to ice, electricity and light magic.

…! Wait, this is big!

I don't even need any gimmicks if I straight up have electricity and light!

I didn't hesitate in maxing out the skill.

[Create Elemental Rune] Skill Rank: 5, Passive Skill

At rank 5, you can create persistent elemental conditions related to fire, wind, earth, water, ice, electricity and light. You do not need to spend mana when using this skill, however, one needs to be able to control and use mana as a prerequisite. After the rune symbol is engraved, it must spend at least ten minutes in its new location in order for the rune to be used.

This will be very useful, for sure.

Since I was also getting a lot of usage on the golem skills, I went ahead and put the rest of the points on [Golem Scrying], after consulting with the crystal ball.

[Golem Scrying] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (15 mp)

Share senses with one golem that you have created. At Rank 5, you can see and hear, as well as smell, feel and taste. You can also speak through the golem.

…Actually, can't I use this skill on Aika-chan?

I went ahead and tried it.

"Mnn! This omelet is good, Kyouya-san!"

Looking through her perspective, I saw Mitsurugi cooking breakfast for Aqua and Aika-chan.

"Yeah, I have to say you're a good cook!"

Aqua and Aika-chan were happily chowing down the food Mitsurugi was cooking.

He smiled and said,

"Hehe… If you have any requests, I'll cook it for you!"

"Ohh! I want pancakes, then!"

"Coming right up!"

…Doesn't this wholesome scene make them look like some kind of happy family?

Using this skill, I spoke through Aika-chan.

"...Ah, this omelet is too dry. Papa makes better omelets… W-Wait, I think papa is hacking me right now!"

I immediately got caught.

I broke the connection and took the dungeon door to school before they could confront me.

…

…

Later, after school.

During soccer practice, Mitsurugi said to me while we were doing passing drills,

"You really screwed up, Satou… Aika-chan is quite cross with you."

He was of course talking about the incident this morning.

"It was just a little prank. Why is she so mad?"

"...Well, how would you feel if someone took control of your body without your permission… Ah, wait."

He shut up once he realized that I was the victim of Serena's puppet spell.

"S-Still, you should know how awful it is for that to happen!"

"Yeah, you're right."

I decided to apologize when I got home.

You received +2 in Strength, Stamina, Speed and Dexterity!

After practice, I went straight home to apologize to Aika-chan.

"Hmph… If it isn't the cruel papa."

As if she was waiting for me to arrive, Aika-chan was in the living room, crossing her arms and pouting.

Not only that, she was completely dressed up in Aqua's hand-me-downs, and was even wearing a backpack.

…Was she planning on running away, or something?

Although, the whole point of running away is to leave before your parents can stop you.

I turned to Aqua, who was sitting on the couch and watching TV.

"Don't look at me, pal. You're the one who screwed up."

I guess that's true.

"He really did screw up! So much! Ahhh… The only way to fix this is if papa takes me to the amusement park right now!"

So that was why she was all dressed up and ready to go.

"And of course, mama will come along!"

She gestured to Aqua, who was wearing loungewear and was laying on her side on the couch.

…Is this one really in a state to go out?

"I got it, I got it. Is Disneyland fine?"

"...! Hm… I suppose Disneyland is fine…"

She seemed like she was making a compromise, even though she clearly looked excited as soon as I said the words 'Disneyland'.

"And of course, Mary-nee will join us!"

OK, that's a bit too much to ask for.

"...Aika-chan, please remember that your Mary-nee is actually a Tranquility Girl… I can't just bring her out to the general public."

"And why not!"

"'Coz she's a monster."

I said, as if this wasn't an obvious fact.

"Oh, well, my body is that of a golem, am I a monster too?! Huh, papa?!"

Geez, is this really what it's like to have a daughter?!

I have a feeling like I can't win at all!

I turned to Aqua, but I already knew she wasn't gonna take my side in all this.

"Kazuma, just give her what she wants."

I knew it.

And so, I summoned Mary.

"Ah, finally. Where's the computer?"

She became a complete internet addict.

"...Listen, your dear imouto has invited you to come with us to Disneyland."

"Ohh! That's where my favorite streamer went to last time! Sure, I'll come."

So she'd do anything as long as her favorite streamer did it?

It's good that she agreed, but...

There was a problem of how we could have Mary move around.

She was a plant, after all.

And then I realized that I could just create another golem body for her.

When I proposed this plan, she looked hesitant.

"Eh… A golem body? That sounds too weird… Can't you make a plant or wooden body?"

I guess that preferences and suitability might also be a challenge when it comes to putting souls in bodies.

Thankfully, I still had some leftover Bark People materials.

I combined the Bark People material along with the golem to produce a body that suited Mary more.

Then, I made the golem appear human with the [Smithing] skill, so that she'd blend in along with the populace.

"Oh…! Wait, this is easier to move around in! I also don't feel the need to consume the nutrients of humans anymore!"

Mary said, while she looked in wonder at her new body.

I suppose now that she was in a new body, her old instincts no longer applied to her.

"That's great, maybe we can… Gah, what are you doing?!"

I watched in horror as Mary went up to her old body and ripped its arm off.

"Hm? Well, I like my new body better, so I'll just recycle my old one."

"But…!"

Before I could stop her, opened her mouth and started eating her own arm.

"..."

Even though I was horrified, Aqua said,

"Don't worry! Tranquility Girls can reconvert the nutrients of their old body and reform it by growing fruits to create another one."

Mary nodded at that.

"Yes, that's how we reproduce, after all."

She really is still a plant monster, at the end of the day, so her biology and sense of ethics was completely different from mine.

That didn't make it any less unsettling, though.

After she consumed her old body, she said,

"Alright, so, are we ready to go?"

"Yeah, let's go! Let's take lots of pictures!"

…Such a wholesome scene ensued.

Even though I just witnessed that horrific scene earlier.

Part 4

"Here are your tickets, sir!"

A cheerful staff member handed me the admission tickets I paid for.

Overall, I ended up paying 33,000 Yen for admission.

"Ohhh! This place is so cool!"

Aika-chan said, running inside as soon as she was let in.

She saw a girl walking by who was wearing a Minnie Mouse ears headband.

"I want that! I totally want that!"

She said, pulling my sleeve excitedly.

"Right, right… Let's go to the gift store first, then."

"No… I want to try eating human food first!"

Mary said, as she looked at a churro stand while salivating.

These kids sure were demanding.

"Wait…! I wanna take a picture with the mascot first!"

I almost forgot about the third child, as Aqua pulled me towards a Mickey Mouse mascot.

Soon, all three girls were pulling on me.

"Oi! Calm down, will ya?! We'll go to the gift shop first, food second, then mascot last!"

"Why am I going last! This is so not fair!"

Aqua said, stomping her foot down.

"...Oi, you're the 'mama', right? So why don't you do the motherly thing and let your daughters go first!"

"Oh, that's right."

She actually forgot, huh?

Like I promised, we went to the gift store first. Even though this wasn't Mary or Aqua's first choice, and they were complaining about it earlier, they didn't hesitate to run over to the merchandise, snatching things up from the shelves.

"I want this one!"

"And this one!"

"This is soooo cute!"

…If I didn't have so much money, blood would be pouring out of my eyes right now.

In the end, they bought a Mickey Mouse headband for all four of us, plus a sweater for each of them, as well as plushies.

"Hah?!"

I yelled out when I saw the bill.

42,000 Yen just for this?!

What a total ripoff!

The merch is more expensive than the actual admission!

With shaking hands, I placed my phone on the reader and paid for the merch.

"Hehe, papa, you look cute like that!"

Aika-chan said, as I put on the Mickey Mouse headband they got for me.

They also had their headbands on and already put on the sweaters.

"OK, food next!"

Mary said, dragging us to the food court.

…I had a feeling I'd be spending a whole bunch of money today.

Once we were there, Mary ordered a veritable feast.

"I'll have pizza, fries, watermelon lemonade and a corndog!"

How much is she planning to eat?!

"Oh, that sounds good! I want the same thing!"

"Me too!"

These girls…!

"Ahem… Excuse me for a moment."

I smiled at the cashier, before taking the girls aside.

"...Are you all out of your mind?! Do you think I'm made out of money?! What makes you think you can just buy whatever you want, huh?!"

And I already knew that they'd make me buy more things for them later.

"Papa… Please stop pretending like you don't have 1.9 billion Yen in your bank account right now! You lousy cheapskate!"

The whole food court went silent at that, as heads turned towards us.

"Y-You really are an imaginative little girl, huh?! Why would I have that much money in my bank account?! I know, you're probably just hungry, right?! Order whatever you want!"

And so, they managed to get me to spend another 10,000 Yen on food.

I ate a fry as I watched them all gorging themselves on pizza, fries and corndogs.

"...Don't eat too much, or you'll throw up when we go on the rides later."

"About the rides, can't you just teleport us to the front of the line, papa?"

Aika-chan said, coming up with quite a despicable plan.

Aqua looked at Aika-chan with a frown and wagged her finger.

"Now, now, Aika-chan, that's not nice."

Oh, thank god the mother is finally putting her foot down.

"Your papa will instead spend money on exclusive passes that will let us skip the lines. Then all the poor people will have to watch as you cut the line ahead of them."

"Yay~! Thanks, papa!"

"Oi, what are you teaching our child?!"

Aqua shook her head and shrugged.

"I'm just teaching her how the world works, darling. Those with money can do whatever they want, while the brokies have no choice but to watch with envy. Ohohoho!"

I should have known she would say something like that.

And also, we were getting a lot of glares from the people around us.

"...Hurry up and eat. I don't wanna stay here any longer."

Even though they were oblivious to all the glares, I wasn't immune to those judgemental gazes at all.

Mary held up her hand as she bit into a pizza.

"Hold on a second. I want to savor this."

She said, even though she practically inhaled that slice of pizza.

Once they were done eating, we went outside to look for a mascot.

"Oh, Goofy is right there! Quick, get him!"

Aqua said, leading the charge as the girls followed after her.

The poor person in the Goofy costume was startled as three girls suddenly swarmed him out of nowhere.

I brought out my phone and took pictures, but while I was doing so, the camera app zoomed in and changed angles.

"...Your camera work is bad, papa, let me take over."

Aika-chan said, controlling my phone while posing for her own picture.

Seeing her posing while she bossed me around through the phone… My daughter sure is a troublesome one.

After taking the pictures, we headed to the actual rides next.

"Hurry up and pay for those things that will let us skip the lines, papa! I don't want to breathe the same air as the poor people!"

I covered Aika-chan's mouth.

"...Oi, if you don't want to embarrass papa anymore, then stop saying that stuff about poor people!"

"Eh? What's papa gonna do about it?"

I narrowed my eyes at her and said,

"I'll give you a good spanking later if you don't behave, how about that?!"

"B-But I was just copying what mama said earlier!"

"Then I'll give her a spanking, too!"

Aqua went to me this time, both of them teary eyed.

"I'm sorry, Kazuma! I just got carried away by the atmosphere!"

After some threats, they both promised to behave.

Part 5

We went on several rides. I had them promise to behave. In exchange, I'd buy those lightning passes that let us skip the lines.

To their credit, they started behaving and didn't act out, like they promised.

After a couple hours, we took a break from the rides, with Aqua and Aika wanting to get some drinks.

I sat on a bench with Mary. I asked,

"So, how's your new body?"

She looked at her hand, turning it over.

"...It's different. I don't need to absorb nutrients now… And I'm no longer looking at humans as walking food sources."

That was the main positive take away from all of this.

"And well… It's fun… All of this."

She gestured around at the park.

"...I spent my whole life in the dungeon. Meeting my beloved was fun and all, but then he betrayed me. I do have to admit that life has been more fun now after I met you."

I didn't expect to hear this from Mary, of all people.

Our relationship at the start was purely one of self-interest. Mary wanted to survive, and I wanted to make use of her nature as a monster.

But now… Well, here we are, in Disneyland, enjoying each other's company, as a family.

I slowly placed my hand on her head, rubbing it.

After a while, she smiled and leaned her head against my hand.

"So… Do I really have to call you 'papa' now and stuff?"

She said, once I stopped rubbing her head.

"Well… Not if you think it's weird."

"It's not that weird… But I totally thought that we'd end up mating at one point, so it's weird in that respect."

"Hah?! What gave you that idea?!"

"Well, you were awfully kind to me even if I'm just a monster… And with my beloved gone… I totally thought that you were looking to mate with me."

"I'm pretty sure I told you early on that I wasn't!"

"I thought that was just you hesitating as a human who sees an issue with cross-breeding."

"...For the sake of our relationship moving forward, I'm gonna pretend you didn't say that."

She raised her brow at me.

"Ehh… Is this really that awkward to talk about? Mating is natural, isn't it?"

"For humans, we have such things as modesty."

"Yeah, I always found that weird. To monsters, all we think about is eating, survival and reproduction."

They were like intelligent animals, in that sense.

"Well, now that you have a new body, you should think more about having modesty, like a normal human…"

"So you mean I can't pick up random guys and ask them to mate with me?"

"...No daughter of mine is gonna sleep around like that!"

"You mean like you?"

"Urk…"

She brought up the perfect counter.

"Do as I say, not as I do."

"That sounds like the perfect cop-out."

"...Do whatever you want."

In the end, I acquiesced to her.

Your bond with Mary has deepened!

Mary (Tranquility Girl), Bond Rank: 6

At Rank 6, you have given Mary a new body, as well as new perspectives and instincts that come along with it. You are both progressing in your relationship as father and daughter, although Mary still has a lot to learn about what that truly means. You have also given her permission to mate with other humans, although you will need to teach her about restraint and social norms. Teaching Mary how to develop human ethics and behaviors will deepen your bond with her.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Anti-Heal]!

[Anti-Heal] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

When you attack a target, they cannot heal for the next 3 seconds after that attack, whether it's by a regeneration effect or holy magic. This effect does not stack, but you can attack again after the 3 seconds are over to reset the effect.

…This would have been really useful against Hans and Sylvia.

Well, I might need this skill again in the future.

When Aqua and Aika came back, we went on one more ride before going to a restaurant.

They wanted to go to a high-class restaurant, which meant that we needed formal wear.

However, since we didn't have a chance to prepare for this park trip, we didn't have anything of the sort.

Just to see if it'd work, I tried to transform our clothing into formal wear using [Smithing].

Your attempt to alter clothing has let you learn the [Tailor] skill!

[Tailor] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You can create, combine and repair clothing of a 'Common' variety. The success of this skill is determined by your Creativity (90). Combining compatible items of the 'Common' variety might yield an item of 'Uncommon' variety.

…I was learning a bunch of skills now that I switched back to the adventurer class.

I almost forgot how versatile this class really is.

Also, maybe I should actually try to unlock a bunch more crafting classes, since [Smithing] was easily one of my most powerful skills.

Once we had appropriate clothing, we went to the restaurant. Maybe it was my luck at work, but someone had to cancel their reservation at the last moment, and we managed to get a table.

While we were eating an entree of wagyu steak, we noticed that the fireworks show at Cinderella's castle was starting.

"Oh, so pretty!"

One of the selling points of this expensive restaurant was the amazing view of the fireworks. Aika-chan and Mary went close to the window to look at the display.

"This was fun, wasn't it?"

Aqua said, while sipping some wine.

She was currently wearing a black evening dress. Aqua was so stunning that she always had people glancing at her, even the wait staff. Even if she didn't behave like it at all, moments like this made me remember that she really was a goddess with unmatchable beauty.

"...It was fun for you, but it was rather stressful for me."

"Oh? Should I make it up to you later, then?"

She said, giving me quite the seductive smirk.

"...I'm looking forward to it."

After we finished dinner, it was time to leave.

I was about to teleport home, but I remembered something.

When my parents took me to Disneyland, when I was younger, I remembered that the best part of the day wasn't the food, or the rides, or the fireworks show.

At least for me, the best part was the train ride home, looking at my family still abuzz from the excitement, seeing the mysterious sight of the city at night outside the train, sceneries dashing past, leaving streaks of golden light on the glass.

Surprisingly, the others didn't complain when I suggested taking the train home, instead of teleporting. Even Aqua, who I expected to complain about it.

I guess they wanted to enjoy the ride back home, too.

"Hey, papa!"

Aika-chan said, as we were leaving the entrance, the shining castle behind us.

She gestured for me to lean down. When I did she hugged my neck and kissed me on the cheek.

"Pull me up!"

I chuckled and lifted her as we walked out.

She leaned into my ear and whispered.

"Thanks… Papa. I really wanted to do that."

"You're welcome. It was my fault for doing what I did this morning, anyway."

I shouldn't have taken over her body like that, just because I felt irrationally jealous of Mitsurugi.

I still had a lot of growing up to do.

"...It's fine. I was kind of a brat today, so we're even."

"Kind of?"

"OK… I was really bratty, but I was sooo excited! So don't be mad at me, papa!"

"Let's just forgive each other and move on, alright?"

"Sure!"

She gave me another hug.

"Hehe… Our bond rank increased, papa!"

"...It's kind of weird how you know when our bond increases."

Normally, such things are left unsaid, sometimes even unfelt. It was just a natural occurrence of life.

Even after all this time, seeing my bonds with a number and rewards attached to it made me feel uneasy.

"Hm? Is it really? I like it 'coz I can feel and see myself getting closer with you. It's like… Our love as papa and daughter can be measured both analytically and emotionally! That's cute, right?"

I suppose it really was. I didn't think about it like that.

I thought the bond rank system was a lot colder, more machine-like.

But that's not fair to Aika-chan. I mean, she is a machine in the first place.

In a way, the bond system was her way of showing love, wasn't it?

Your bond with Aika has deepened!

Satou Aika (A.I. Daughter), Bond Rank: 2

You had your first big fight with Aika, but I have forgiven you for that already, OK, papa?! You took me to Disneyland, which is cool! My favorite part was the fireworks! It was so pretty! Also, getting to meet Sleeping Beauty was awesome! I wish we can go again, pretty, pretty please? I'd like the others to come with us next time, too, especially Mitsurugi-san, since he always makes us tasty breakfast! Promise me everyone can come next, OK?!

"Oi… I told you already to stop putting personal remarks into these!"

This read more like a grade schooler's journal than a bond rank-up.

…I knew I said that this was her way of showing love, but this is way too direct!

"Tch… Even though I was just being sweet! You'll be happier once you see the rank-up reward!"

I looked down to see what she meant.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Parallel Thought Processing]!

[Parallel Processing] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (50 mp)

You can split your mind into two, allowing you to think with the speed and brain power of two versions of yourself. Maintaining two thought processes at once will drain your Stamina (106) for 1 point per second. When you run out of Stamina Points, this skill ends.

…After looking at this skill, I thought.

Wait, isn't this skill insane?!

Aika-chan chuckled to herself.

"Surprised? Of course my rank-up skills are going to be super amazing!"

…I suppose this skill reflects her nature as an AI.

Already, I was thinking of ways to use this skill.

Part 6

When we got home, Aqua made good on her promise.

We went to my room while still wearing her gown from the restaurant.

"...Time to reward papa for treating the family well."

I looked in surprise as she went down on her knees and started undoing my belt.

After my pants dropped, she slid my boxers down.

Then, unprompted, she stuck her tongue out and started licking my cock.

This was the first time I was getting a blowjob from Aqua, so I was taken off guard.

But I quickly recovered.

"Mnn… So this is my reward, huh?"

I said, sifting my hand through her almost diaphanous, blue hair.

She grinned while giving the tip a kiss.

"Yup, so just sit back and relax."

I nodded as I sat at the edge of the bed and let her lick me.

I thought that blowjobs would be ruined for me after the spectacular ones I got from Rorisa, but that wasn't the case at all.

"Mnnn…"

I moaned as Aqua attentively licked around my tip, wetting my cock, before fitting the whole thing in her mouth.

I played with her hair, sifting through the fine, blue strands, while her blue eyes made constant, intimate contact with mine.

With her mature, sexy evening gown, and that subservient pose she was making…

"You look like a high-class escort right now."

"..."

She gave me a frown and stopped her movements.

"My bad, Aqua-sama."

"Hmph…"

She gave me a warning glare and a grunt before resuming.

As if to say, 'you shouldn't make such jokes while your precious thing is in biting distance'.

I moaned as she let the tip slide against the soft inside of her cheeks, making her cheek cutely bulge out from the contact. Then, she went back into sucking me, attentively and lovingly.

"I'm gonna cum…"

I warned her, tapping her cheek.

She nodded and reached up to grope my balls, jerking me off as she sucked on the tip, tongue swirling around it.

"Hnnngh!"

I busted a huge load in her mouth.

She pulled out, hand cupped under her chin to prevent the cum from dripping down to her new dress, although some of it went down to her cleavage. She then gulped it all down.

She licked her lips, then smiled, before pushing me down on the bed. She moved her panties to the side and mounted my cock, all with that smug, confident grin.

We both moaned at the connection, as she rode me while still wearing that dress, cum trailing down her cleavage.

It was such an erotic sight, Aqua looking more mature and adult now more than ever, that I couldn't help but hold her hands and start thrusting hard against her, which she returned with equal fervor.

"Hnnnngh!"

We passionately fucked each other into orgasm.

Of course, the night didn't end there. Soon, our clothes were off, and we went at it like rabbits in heat.

…

…

You have gained 4 levels since yesterday!

…Ok, I'll be honest.

The golem farm was starting to get ridiculous.

It seems that at this rate, I will get around 6 level ups per day.

I was sure that this rate was bound to slow down as I gained more levels.

But this was already way more than I'd get if I were to go to the original dungeon.

I also went to check up on Vanir's dungeon.

…It seems that the popularity of that place increased even more.

There were now 5 floors, with several hidden treasure rooms within them.

And now, there were 4,000 DP available.

I didn't think that I would get a solution to the energy problem so soon. There were a lot of projects I put on the backburner, but I could start working on them now.

I looked at the files I got from Regina-sama's USB.

She wanted me to make a settlement for Norse.

…But why would people from this world come to a strange place like that?

Not to mention that they would have to keep the secret of this kingdom from the other world.

In short, her plan was really inconvenient and troublesome.

But there was a way to fulfill her request, without having to recruit normal citizens.

And that is… To make use of the dead.

"[Death Perception]!"

…In this world with billions of people who have died, it would be strange to think that there weren't all sorts of dead spirits around.

Those who had attachments to this world or bitter regrets.

In fact, there were several of them in my room right now.

"..."

I expected to only find one or two, but this many?!

"Hm? Hey, mister, can you see us?"

A blonde haired little girl said. She was currently floating over my bed in a lazy manner.

"Hey, mister, can you have sex with that Rin girl again? The sex you two have in the morning is really splendid to watch!"

Why is such a little girl saying such things?!

Well, in all likelihood, she could be centuries old, for all I knew.

Using [Speak With Dead], I said,

"...What are you all doing in my room?"

I counted about 10 spirits here.

Not to mention there might be those who weren't revealing themselves.

"Well, you're the most entertaining living person around here. Of course you have a big audience."

"Yeah, there's always something interesting going on!"

"There's action, romance, comedy and even sexy moments. It's the must-see program for us spirits!"

Why are they treating my life like it was a Netflix show?

Well, I guess spirits don't have much else to do.

After hearing what the others had to say, I turned to the little girl.

"Um… Ghost-san…"

"Just call me Anna!"

"Anna… How would you like to be given a shot at a second life?"

I then explained to them my plan.

That is, to transfer these spirits into golem bodies, and then have them inhabit the Norse settlement.

That way, normal people wouldn't have to be involved with whatever crazy scheme Regina-sama had planned for this settlement. And if she decides to do something bad with the Norse settlement, I can just deactivate all of its inhabitants.

The spirits will also get a physical body again and can live a new life in Norse. It's a win-win.

"Eh…? Of course I do! Do you know how awful it is to witness such hot, steamy sex everyday, but without any means to take care of your urges? I want some action!"

Hearing all of this from the image of an innocent-looking young girl was a bit too unnerving.

All of the spirits in the room agreed. It seems that most spirits who hadn't moved on yet had the desire to live a second life.

I told them to wait as I set everything up first. Then, I used the 4,000 DP to build an entirely new floor, separate from Vanir's dungeon and the golem farm.

That is, a floor that would copy the data on Regina-sama's USB and recreate the Kingdom of Norse.

Part 7

I was about to let the dungeon AI handle the work, but then I received a message.

The AI cannot manually create this project.

…I suppose that would be the case.

This was a super-advanced civilization before its downfall. It wasn't something that could be created automatically by a limited AI.

I doubted that there was even an area remotely like this in the original dungeon.

It was the same place where the highest form of civilization I had encountered so far was that of the Bark People, after all.

There was still some time before school started, so I took out the crystal ball.

I had some ideas in mind, and a lot of skill points to spend, but I wanted some more information before proceeding.

"Oh, mighty crystal ball. Please tell me. Is there some way I can use my new [Parallel Process] skill to manually control the dungeon while I'm away from it?"

This would be the perfect application of this skill, but I wasn't sure if it was even possible to do this.

After a few moments, it replied,

"...It's possible. You can do that by maxing out [Parallel Processing]. You can then use [Soul Transfer] to put your consciousness into an empty vessel, splitting your minds and letting them act autonomously."

This thing was being extremely helpful for once…!

I went ahead and maxed out the [Parallel Processing] skill.

[Parallel Processing] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (50 mp)

You can split your mind into four, allowing you to think with the speed and brain power of four versions of yourself. Maintaining four thought processes at once will drain your Stamina (106) for 4 points per second. When you run out of Stamina Points, this skill ends. At Rank 5, you can make any of your split minds autonomous from your control, making it act on its own.

…Wait, this means that I could have four clones of myself at the same time, if I used this in combination with [Create Golem].

For now, I used [Parallel Processing] to split one of my extra 'brains' and place it into a golem.

I then hooked up the golem to the divine laptop.

This part of my mind would take the place of the dungeon AI in building and running Norse.

"...You there, me?"

I said, speaking to the golem.

After a moment, it responded,

"Yo… It's Clonezuma here. Ready to start building."

…It actually worked.

I watched the feed and saw that my clone was already beginning construction, spending the 4,000 DP to buy materials to build with.

"Papa, what in the world are you doing now?!"

Seeing what I was doing, Aika-chan ran in with pancake bits still around her mouth. I guess she was in the middle of eating breakfast.

"Splitting your mind like that… That's such a bad idea! That skill is normally supposed to be only used with one body to multi-task!"

"...How is that any different from what you do?"

I actually got the idea from her yesterday, when Aika-chan was using my phone to take pictures of herself.

"But I'm an AI! You're a human! Aren't you afraid that you'll cross some kind of line you shouldn't cross?"

"...In the olden days, they would probably think that the mere invention of the microwave was an affront to god's existence, or whatever. I'm not too worried about that."

As if such things as taboos stopped me before.

With Aika-chan reluctantly conceding, I created three more golem clones of myself.

Since they were golems, the stamina drain of [Parallel Processing] didn't affect them at all, meaning they could function forever, if it came down to it. The golems moved around, testing out their bodies.

"I wanna try out its effectiveness, so one of you go to school for me."

I said, after I used [Smithing] to make them look like me.

"Roger that, boss!"

One of the Clonezumas saluted me and started to get dressed for school.

"Oi… Don't tell me you're gonna go back to being a NEET again, papa…"

Aika-chan said, after I made my command to the clone.

"I just want to try it out. Besides, aren't you happy that you can spend more time with your papa now?"

"...! That does sound good! Let's go to Disneyland again today!"

How many times was she intending to come back?

The clones could use my skills, but they didn't have my stats.

It was also made from the 'Uncommon' variety, since that was the only type that I could have 4 copies of at a time.

Therefore, the clones had a measly 10 mp.

But I figured out a solution for that.

I had the dungeon produce a Manatite core. Then, I used [Smithing] and placed it within the golem.

However, when I did that…

It still couldn't cast teleport.

I see… Its mana capacity was still only 10 mp. Even if it had deeper reserves, if the spell demanded more than 10 mp, it couldn't cast it.

"I could have told you that."

The crystal ball ended up saying, when I asked it to confirm my suspicion.

I didn't want to blindly rely on that sassy ball all the time, though, so I tried to come up with a solution myself.

The manatite core wouldn't go to waste, anyway, since I was planning to have the Norse settlement use it.

"...Ugh. I guess I can't spam a bunch of my skills using these clones, huh?"

They weren't like Naruto's shadow clones, I guess.

Aika-chan rolled her eyes at me.

"Do you really think you're such a hotshot that all your ideas will work, papa?"

Well, it was worth a shot.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, kinggamerlite29 and 207 others
BoringBone
May 3, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 53: Citizens For This Redeemed Goddess!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
May 8, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,313
Chapter 53: Citizens For This Redeemed Goddess!

Part 1

I watched as my clone took control of the construction of Norse.

It would have been amazing if I could simply transfer the clone's consciousness to the dungeon itself, instead of using a golem proxy, but…

"The dungeon isn't an empty vessel, so unless you want to get rid of the dungeon's general AI, the clone can't take its overall functions."

Aika-chan explained this to me.

I wanted my clone to have access to all the dungeon's energy and abilities, but I guess that simply wasn't possible.

That also meant that I was stuck having to transfer the ghosts to golem bodies, since the clone didn't have enough mana to do that itself.

Of course, I was fine handling this on my own since there were only about 10 ghosts to transfer, but this would be a pain later on once I received more volunteers.

"...Can I create a rune that would automatically do the soul transfer spell for me?"

Aika-chan rubbed her chin and said,

"If you can find a way to create a soul transfer rune, yeah, you can. But the dungeon doesn't have that rune."

There was no reason for the dungeon to produce a rune like that, of course.

"What kind of runes can the dungeon make, anyway?"

"Elemental runes, golem runes, teleportation runes… Pretty much everything you've already encountered."

"…Wait elemental runes didn't require energy for me to make with [Create Elemental Runes], so couldn't I just try to learn the [Create Golem Rune] spell instead?"

"Elemental runes are the weakest spell of the create rune skill line, but more advanced runes actually require mana."

I guess I couldn't just make golems for free.

After I transferred Anna and the others to their new golem bodies, I led them to a residential area that was already built by my clone.

"Ohh! So we get to live here, huh?"

The layout of Norse was quite peculiar.

It was a mix of ancient and modern architectural designs.

I watched as its new citizens picked their houses, although every house was pretty much the same, anyway.

"...Boy, I didn't think you'd be able to make it so fast."

I jumped as I heard Regina-sama's voice behind me.

I turned around, but instead of the arrogant, cocky smile she always had on, there was a look of sentimentality.

"Well, I do have the spare DP, so I thought I should get started on it."

"...You have my deep gratitude."

This humble, almost meek, way she acted really caught me off guard.

"And these… Are the new citizens of Norse?"

She said, looking at Anna and the others.

"Yeah… Sorry, I can't get any living humans for you…"

I thought she would be mad about it and demand that I get new citizens, but…

She chuckled and said,

"No, it's oddly fitting. All my former subjects are… dead, because of my decisions."

"Your decisions? I don't think you can be blamed for what that Japanese reincarnate did."

In fact, it was Aqua's mistake more than anything, for giving that idiot such a broken ability.

She shook her head.

"It was my thirst for power that led to my kingdom hiring the services of that man, as well as providing him the Coronatite supply he asked for. I wanted Norse to be the most powerful, the most fabled civilization in the world! It was my hubris which caused its eventual end, destroyed by the very weapon that was constructed to defend it."

There was a deep sadness in her eyes.

…I couldn't imagine what it was like.

Being the god of an entire civilization, then watching your people become eradicated by one of your schemes, forgotten by history centuries later.

And she was the only one left to tell the tale.

At first I only went along with constructing this settlement to avoid becoming her puppet, but…

I was actually starting to feel sorry for her.

"Well, these are your people now, Regina-sama. They can be your new worshippers."

She shook her head, staring at the ground.

"No. I don't deserve it. I don't need worshippers now. As long as my kingdom has been restored, I'm satisfied."

"...Aren't you a goddess? What kind of goddess doesn't have worshippers?"

"But, I…"

"Oiiii! Listen up, everyone! This place is called Norse and this kingdom has a goddess! Come over here and meet your new goddess, Regina-sama!"

"...What are you doing, boy?!"

Regina's eyes widened as Anna and the others came out from exploring their new houses to look at Regina.

"Eh? This little girl is a goddess?"

Anna, who was a little girl herself, had the audacity to say that.

By the way, I gave them a choice for what form they wanted to take when being transferred to their bodies, but most of them chose the form they died in.

Anna stared curiously at Regina-sama, who quickly hid behind me.

"I-I'm no goddess… I'm just a despicable, dark…"

"This Regina-sama is a benevolent goddess who rules over the aspects of Alliances and Redemption! Please line up and shake her hand!"

"Hahhh?!"

Regina-sama gawked at me, as the inhabitants followed my orders and formed a neat line.

"Nice to meet you, Regina-sama! Please shake my hand!"

"Can I have an autograph?"

"Alliances and Redemption, huh… Those are some lovely aspects you rule over!"

With no choice but to greet her new citizens, Regina-sama just bowed to each one and shook their hand.

This looked more like an idol and fan meetup, rather than followers meeting their deity.

"...?! B-Boy! If I'm known as a goddess who rules over Alliance and Redemption, I really will be turned into that someday!"

"And what's the matter with that? Do you actually like being a dark goddess?"

She glanced away.

"No. Of course not. I'm a fallen goddess… And the aspects of Puppetry and Revenge were never my original aspects. They were just given to me after what happened to Norse, a fitting curse, I might say."

She chuckled morosely to herself.

"...Well, it's not like there's anyone alive who knows that. So why not just take on this new identity and move on with your life?"

She blinked at me, before going into a fit of laughter.

"Boy… You've exceeded my expectations! You're really so arrogant that you will even redefine the aspects of a goddess. Are you insane?!"

"And you were insane enough to trust me with rebuilding your kingdom, so what's your point, you loli baba goddess!"

"L-Loli baba you say…"

I raised my hand and said,

"Alright! Today will officially be known as Regina day! It marks the establishment of this settlement, so let's celebrate!"

"Yosh!"

Then, I clapped my hands together and touched the ground.

Suddenly, the ground shook and formed into a statue of Regina-sama.

"This will be the first statue made to honor Regina-sama, the goddess who rules over Alliances and Redemption! All hail Regina-sama!"

"All hail Regina-sama!"

Regina-sama's eyes swam around, as she looked at her new worshippers.

"Geez… Fine! I'm your goddess now! Happy?!"

The new citizens of Norse responded with cheers.

Your bond with Regina has deepened!

Regina (Redeemed Goddess), Bond Rank: 2

You have begun the construction of Norse and declared Regina as its goddess. You have also gathered new followers for her and even gave her the aspects of 'Alliances' and 'Redemption'. Regina is eternally grateful for all your efforts, however, she is a bit annoyed by your arrogance. Nonetheless, you're the only one who has helped Regina to this extent, and she is profoundly grateful for your efforts.

Bond Reward: You learn the [Retaliate] skill!

[Retaliate] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Whenever a creature deals damage to you, when you attack back, your attack gains +10% accuracy, +1 damage and ignores +1 physical and magical resistance.

Part 2

"Eh? Kazuma-san, what are you doing here?"

Sena asked, surprised to see me at home in the middle of the day.

I came down after helping Anna and the others get situated. For now, I left them under the care of Regina-sama and my clone.

"An urgent matter came up."

"Right…"

She didn't seem to believe me.

Am I really that untrustworthy?

"Ah, by the way, Kazuma-san, those materials you asked for will arrive by lunch. Your squad will deliver them to you."

Sena was talking about the parts I wanted her to get, to increase Aika-chan's memory.

I was planning on building a server room for her with [Smithing].

Although I'm worried that a memory upgrade will just increase her potential for mischief.

"Thanks, Sena. By the way, can I ask you for another favor?"

"As long as it's not on the same level as procuring nuclear reactors for you, I'm fine with it."

She was still holding that against me, huh?
"No, no, nothing like that. I just want to ask you to get a business license for me."

"...I think you need to be 20 years old to start a business, but it should be easy to get around that. Very well. This is the easiest thing you've had me do. Please give me easier requests like this."

Sena was talking as if she was traumatized by my unreasonable requests in the past.

The reason why I wanted to get a business license was to qualify for the 'Smithing' class.

The smithing skill was way too useful not to build around.

After I let Sena go about her business, I saw Aqua in the living room.

She was munching on some chips while laying sideways on the couch.

"...Don't you get tired of this kind of lifestyle?"

I said, watching those glazed, bored eyes of hers.

"Hah? Why would I? This was how I spent my time back in the heavenly realm, too."
"And you really were arrogant enough to call me a HikiNEET back then, huh?!"

"Don't compare me to the old you! I was properly doing my work, but I just happened to have a lot of free time in between! What's wrong with that?! The reason why this country's birth rate is declining is because of that unreasonable work, work, work culture! Everyone here should be more like me, understanding the value of rest!"

The good mood that had built up with us after the Disneyland trip had vanished after this argument.

Well, that's usually how it is with Aqua and me, anyway.

I ended up having to join her, sitting down on the couch.

I got immediately bored of the TV program aimed at housewives, so I used [Golem Scrying] to check out what the clonezuma me was doing at school.

Peering into the clone's eyes, I saw that he was just taking notes.

With the way this works, that information was bound to come back to me when I took the clone's split mind back, right?

I used [Golem Scrying] on the other two clones who were inactive in my room.

I then ordered them to start studying a more advanced curriculum that I hadn't learned in class yet.

…This is quite the hack, isn't it?

I had one clone study STEM related subjects, while the other clone read some literature.

It had been a while since I read a fiction book to raise my 'Creativity', which was a trick I learned from Rin's book recommendations back in the day.

Not wanting to watch my clones doing those mundane tasks, while also quickly getting bored of Aqua's show, I went back to my room.

You have gained 2 levels!

Just when I was about to consult the crystal ball on the matter of my unspent skill points, I gained two more levels from the farm.

"Oh, great crystal ball! Is it worth it to spend skill points on [Treasure Detection]?"

When I was in the dungeon earlier, I regretted not spending points on this skill, as there were probably a lot of rare loot I missed out on.

"Yeah, and it will encourage your lazy ass to actually go to the dungeon instead of just relying on that golem farm."

Did it really feel the need to insult me? What did that last part have to do with the consultation?

Still, I followed its advice.

[Treasure Detection] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

You will be alerted whenever treasure is within a 30-foot radius around you. The success of the detection is determined by your Intuition (106). You can detect treasures of 'Legendary' rarity.

As for other magic I was interested in, I wanted to put points in cooking as well if I had spare points. I asked the ball if this was worth it.

"...Why are you asking me for everything?! And if you must know, yeah, the cooking skill will get you a lot of stat boosts. You're getting a lot of levels, but your stats aren't increasing as rapidly, you lazy bum!"

"Stop insulting me already!"

I took a deep breath, realizing I was getting mad at a glass ball.

[Cooking] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

Cooking food ingredients dropped by monsters will give an astronomical increase to the bonus benefits gained when eating them.

…It went from a 'slight' increase to an 'astronomical' one.

That meant I'd have to hunt some monsters, though…

Or do I?

If I waited a few hours longer, more app-users could come to Vanir's dungeon.

I can then summon monsters from the other world in a separate area full of traps, immediately killing them.

Then I could cook them and consume them.

…Actually, couldn't I just make my clones eat the food?

That still counts, right?

"Yeah, it counts."

I knew it.

Aika-chan and Mary were able to eat just fine, after all.

They ate so much expensive food yesterday, so I knew that well.

Since the crystal ball said that I needed to get my stats up to speed, I asked about the [Fast Learning] skill next.

"...Well, that skill depends on your potential, so it's not really worth it for you."

I guess talent is still a factor, after all this time, huh?
While looking at my skill list, I noticed something.

The [Teaching] skill…

[Teaching] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

When you're teaching someone, they will understand concepts better according to their 'Intelligence'. They will gain increased stat increases depending on the success of your lessons, which also depends on your own 'Intelligence' stat (98).

…Is it possible to have my clones learn things, but instead of absorbing their memories, I should just have them teach me what they learned?

After all, those clones count as 'me', and my skills transfer to them.

This skill is also a passive skill, so no mana needed.

In this way, I will gain increased stats, just like with [Fast Learning]?

"Yeah, it's possible… Oi, why don't you actually work hard for once in your goddamn life!"

"I did work hard! How do you think I got this far, huh?!"

I ended up almost smashing this crystal ball. Maybe it will have a personality reset if I do that.

After receiving the confirmation, I maxed out the [Teaching] skill.

[Teaching] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

When you're teaching someone, they will understand concepts almost immediately according to their 'Intelligence'. They will gain astronomical stat increases depending on the success of your lessons, which also depends on your own 'Intelligence' stat (98).

…There goes that 'astronomical' again.

Also, most stats don't transfer to other vessels, but by definition, the intelligence stat does transfer, since it is the mind that is transferred.

So this skill was perfect for me.

It's also worth noting that this skill wasn't restricted to the 'Mental' category like [Fast Learning] was.

After all, Mitsurugi used this same [Teaching] skill to help me practice in soccer, increasing the physical stats I gained in the process.

Also, even if [Fast Learning] wasn't the most efficient for me, it was still a way to increase the growth of my mental skills. Higher intelligence means the [Teaching] skill will work better.

I decided to put the rest of the skill points in it anyway.

[Fast Learning] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

Your stat increases for mental stats increases at a faster rate depending on your Potential (40). The time it takes to receive stat increases from school will be decreased from a month by days equivalent to your Potential bonus modifier (+4). This modifier will also apply to bonuses gained when scoring high on exams.

…Just like the ball said, this really was highly dependent on potential.

Well, at least there are some benefits to the skill. My potential might always increase more later on.

Hopefully.

Part 3

"Kazuma-san… Your parts are here…"

Marika-san said, as she entered the spare room I made just for Aika-chan's server.

"Hm? Who's this little kid?"

One of the soldiers said, leaning down to look at Aika-chan, who wanted to watch her upgrades being built.

"Hi! I'm papa's cute daughter, Aika-chan! You may headpat me! Do it! Now!"

"Daughter?! …How is she so big already?"

"Because I'm talented, after all!"

"...Is that how it works?"

I let Aika-chan talk to the soldiers she hadn't met yet.

Meanwhile, I set about making the server room.

"[Smithing]!"

In a matter of seconds, the parts assembled themselves and the task was finished.

"Ahhh! I can already feel the power!"

Aika-chan held her head, laughing in a giddy way.

…Was she getting drunk on the upgrades?

While I let her enjoy the thrill of an upgrade, I said,

"So, how are your golem farms treating you guys?"

I said, since I made a basic golem farm for each of them.

Actually, I could create more electricity runes and such to increase the complexity of their farms now.

Although it wouldn't be on the same level as mine, unless I wanted Vanir to complain again.

"...It's great, but it feels like we're not really doing any actual work…"

Marika-san said, looking conflicted.

They were soldiers, so of course they were used to sacrificing their bodies and health to achieve even the slightest of improvements.

Shortcuts wouldn't sit well with them, understandably.

"Ah, if you want some work, there is something you can do…"

I told them about the clones and asked them to teach the clones advanced military tactics, as well as other things they learned from their military career that might be worth learning.

"...Clones? I don't even know where to begin."

They said, not quite following along.

Still, as soldiers, they still accepted the orders.

"By the way, how are your personal rooms? Any improvements you want me to make?"

I had been steadily adding improvements especially with all the upgrades to the dungeon now.

"...Perhaps a shooting range?"

"That can be arranged."

We went out of the server room, as we were already done there anyway.

Then I created a wide area and used smithing to create some targets, replicating a firing range.

"Alright!"

As expected of soldiers, they took out their guns from their inventories right away and started testing out the shooting range.

While I was watching them, I looked at their guns.

…Is it really not possible to unlock gun related skills?

I asked them if any of them had managed to unlock any gun-related skills yet.

I couldn't unlock one last time, even after firing a gun, and apparently it was because these skills were based on the otherworld, where guns and such didn't exist.

However, I managed to invent skills before… But those skills were related to mechanics that already existed, so I guess that didn't count.

I figured that these soldiers might have unlocked such skills, as they were still using the versatile Adventurer class, but…

"Sorry, we had no luck in that department."

…I guess that would be the case.

Just in case, I asked the crystal ball if it was even possible to create a gun-based skill.

"...You would have to create a class system of your own. It's like if you're playing a tabletop game with a lenient but still rule-abiding DM. Sure, they'll let you exploit the system as much as the rules can be stretched, but you can't bring guns to Middle Earth. There are still limits."

Why the hell is this crystal ball making D&D and LOTR references. Is he trying to earn otaku points?

It was a bit disappointing that they couldn't unlock any gun skills. Still, I wanted to practice with firearms, at least, so I had them give me some training.

Even if the damage potential of archery was greater right now, the rate of fire of a machine gun was nothing to laugh at.

If I could just increase the damage…

Wait. I can do that now, can't I?

Increase the damage, that is.

While holding the 9 mm pistol they were using to teach me…

"[Smithing]!"

I took out the Hyper Rhino Horn Sword.

Then used the material to create bullets.

When I fired it, the modified bullet created a trail of red energy that spun through the air, before ripping through the target I made.

"...Eh?! What was that!"

…I guess it made sense that it could be used like this.

I held my bow against the gun next.

"[Smithing]!"

I watched as the wyvern scales wrapped around the pistol, completely modifying its look.

When I tried to equip it to check its stats, however…

The system didn't have any data on it.

Well, the data didn't matter, as long as it worked.

To test if it made a difference, I created an empowered [Wind Wall] with [Charge Spell], then fired a bullet through it.

The effects of the wyvern bow were present, as even with the storm-like winds, the bullet wasn't at all deterred or even changed its trajectory in any way. And it still did the same amount of damage to the target.

…Wait this might actually work.

Of course, not all my archery skills will apply to guns, but…

Take [Headshot], for example.

[Headshot] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

When you deal a headshot, increase the damage dealt by +2.

This thing didn't even specify if the headshot needed to be inflicted by a bow and arrow, or any other projectile.

…This could actually work!

The next thing I wanted to try was applying the increased damage of [Ice Magic Increase].

I created a sharp, iced tip at the front of the bullet with [Create Water] and [Freeze], even using [Charge Spell] on it.

Then, I further used [Enchant] to give it even more of a damage boost.

I watched as the ice-tipped bullet created a cleaner, but no less destructive hole on the target.

Why stop there?

Since there was ice magic on my bullet, wouldn't [Control Spell] be able to affect its speed and direction?

I watched as the already ferocious velocity of this bullet was further empowered.

Then, with another shot, I made the bullet change direction, curving impossibly in the air.

Damn, this is so much fun!

"H-Hold on! What's going on?! Why are there bullets curving in the air?!"

Marika-san said, watching in utter confusion at all my experiments.

There was one last thing I wanted to try…

I created a golem, then manipulated part of its body into a bullet, while encasing it in the hyper rhino material and created an ice magic tip.

After firing the bullet, I used [Meta Control Spell] on the golem.

Just like with the Golem Vibrato Sword (temp name), the bullet vibrated at extreme frequency on impact.

The target exploded from the vibrating energy, combined with all the kinetic chaos that was packed in that small bullet.

"..."

Marika-san and the others all stared at me afterwards.

I turned to them and said,

"Can I try an AR next?"

Part 4

I discovered a couple of things.

First of all, while the firing rate of an AR would of course surpass that of a bow, I still had [Rapid Shot] that could increase attack speed when using a shortbow.

Also, even with all the damage increases of the magic bullets, as I'm now calling them, the same techniques could be applied to arrows, still.

Even the golem trick I just thought of could be applied to a normal arrow. Since the golem and rhino parts could be modified to be as light as possible, they won't impact the aerodynamics of the arrows in flight.

Not to mention that the vibration trick takes 20 mp to use, so it wouldn't be efficient to use with an AR, anyway.

So if I were to compare ARs and shortbows, I still might have to give the total DPS edge to shortbows. There was also more utility with shortbows thanks to all the archery skills, such as [Crippling Shot] and [Orb Walk].

Same thing applies when one compares a sniper rifle to a longbow, especially since [Snipe] was pretty much a guaranteed hit, while a sniper rifle requires a great amount of skill to use.

However, there was something I realized about handguns.

"Aika-chan, when I make this gesture during combat, take the pistol out of my inventory and put it in my hand."

"Got it!"

When I made a finger gun gesture, the pistol immediately appeared in my hand.

Shortbows require two hands to use, while handguns also require two hands to effectively use. But in unique situations where my other hand is occupied, such as with a sword, having a handgun suddenly appear on my other hand would certainly catch the opponent off guard.

And I could then fire a magic bullet up close.

I then decided to keep a pistol in my arsenal, while also adding other kinds of guns, just in case.

There might be something that I missed or didn't consider.

They were all placed in the storage box.

Sadly, the system still didn't recognize it as an item and didn't provide me with accurate data, but it was still a worthwhile card in my sleeve.

Of course, I also prepared a lot of golems and transformed them into bullets beforehand.

The only downside is that the ammo couldn't be stored in the inventory, as it would just be disassembled, like when I tried to put the Vibrato Sword (temp name) in there.

While the soldiers were here…

I went ahead and gave them the medicinal paste that I had been making from my garden, telling them that I was planning on mass-producing them.

Speaking of which, another project I wanted to try was to make a garden in the dungeon.

I could purchase some of the same medicinal plants with DP, although it seems that things like legendary herbs and plants were also available, they were along the same cost as a coronatite core.

As I was focused on the construction of the Norse settlement, for now, I only got some basic plants to use with [Gardening].

But aside from that, since it was already past lunch time, I asked the soldiers if they wanted me to cook a meal for them.

"Oh, sure!"

"If cap'n is treating us, why not!"

I smiled at the soldiers, as they piled into the communal dining hall I had made for them before.

Then, I snuck off to the laptop.

Since my cooking skill was maxed out now, I wanted to see what kind of food I could make with monster meat.

I didn't know how the soldiers felt about eating monster meat, so I kept it quiet from them for now.

It was important to raise their stats, after all.

"Oh… This looks good."

I created a separate area for efficiently killing monsters.

Not only would I gain their EXP, I could also harvest them for parts.

For now, I summoned a fish monster.

It fell into the pitfall trap similar to the golem trap.

A mechanism then brought the body of the fish monster to me, which was a gleam-shiner, the favorite food of the lake dragons.

I decided to make a miso-stewed dish with the gleam-shiner using the kitchen.

"Oh… That smells good, Kazuma-san!"

Marika-san called out from the hall.

"Yup, just sit tight. I'm sure you'll love this~!"

Once I finished the dish, I brought it out to the others.

"Thanks for the food! Wow, this is delicious!"

I watched them happily digging in.

Miso-Stewed Gleam-Shiner (Super Rare)

Delicious and savory fish dish made from a Gleam-Shiner. Provides +50 EXP and +3 Speed.

Quality: Excellent

Hoh… The maxed out [Cooking] made even a bait monster this effective, huh?

I would have liked to summon the lake dragon meat, but there wasn't a lot of DP left with the Norse construction still going on.

"Eh?! K-Kazuma-san, why am I getting a notification that I gained +3 speed because I ate some kind of monster dish?!"

Marika-san was the first to notice.

"...What's the problem? You were enjoying it so much only a few seconds ago, so what gives?! Who cares if it's a monster or not! Besides, you saw that it gives you a lot of stats, so it's fine, isn't it?!"

"W-Well, I guess so…"

"...You know, I've had worse."

"Yeah, this is way better than rations."

In the end, they still enjoyed it and even asked me to cook for them another time.

Soldiers are quite easy to please, huh?

Your bond with the JSDF forces has deepened!

Satou Kazuma Squad (JSDF Forces), Bond Rank: 5

At Rank 5, your squad appreciates the medicinal paste you gave them, which will help them in the upcoming conflict. They are not sure what to think about all those swerving bullets, though. They momentarily felt betrayed that you fed them a monster without saying anything, but it seems that their trust and loyalty for you is at such a level that they would eat such foods again when asked.

Bond Reward: +10 Willpower

Part 5

After I finished lunch, I received another notification of 2 more level ups.

I decided to just let it accumulate some more before allocating them.

…I never thought I would have such liberty with skill points, considering how desperate I was for them at the start.

Those days when I only got 1 skill point per level up…

Well, such hardships are what make my current successes all the more precious.

I also realized something after staying home.

…There's so much time available in the day when I don't have to go to school.

And yet, Aqua was still in the same place I found her in the living room, lounging around on the sofa.

"Oi… Is this really all that you do all day?!"

"Why do you sound like some kind of nagging mom?! And even if you compare the work I have to do compared to a normal person, I obviously do way more! We go to that dangerous dungeon to fight manticores and those god awful toads on a daily basis! That's way more demanding than having an ordinary job!"

"...What do you know about having an ordinary job, anyway?"

"I don't wanna hear that from the HikiNEET!"

"I'll have you know I had a part-time job before!"

"Didn't you quit that without so much as a resignation letter?"

"Urk…"

Aqua smirked at me as I couldn't argue back. I said,

"No, you're not gonna argue your way out of this one! I'm gonna open a blacksmith store soon, and you're gonna work there during the day!"

"...Come on, Kazuma! Do I really need to go to work?! You sound like some kind of old fart who thinks that the new generation should do nothing all day but work in an office!"

"You'll get accustomed to this kind of lifestyle, and then what? If we manage to defeat the demon king, I already know what will happen. You'll just do nothing all day, not even go to the dungeon, because you'll claim that there's no point since the danger is gone. You'll keep on doing that until you actually do become a NEET forever!"

"I could always just go back to doing my job as a goddess if I defeat the demon king! That's the agreement, remember?!"

"By then you'd be so accustomed to being a lazy slob that you won't even want to go back to your goddess work!"

"...Y-You might be right about that."

At least she admits it.

"Besides, didn't you already promise me that you'll try to smarten up a bit?! Well, then getting a job is your chance!"

"...Fine, fine! You made your point already!"

I nodded my head, satisfied.

"One of these days, we're going to that casino to unlock the Gambler class, right? I'm not letting you spend my money, unless you've earned it! So make sure to work hard!"

"Yeah, yeah. I get it, so just let me enjoy the free time I have right now before you cruelly rip it away from me!"

Since I managed to get her to comply, I left her alone to watch those mind-numbing soap operas.

…

…

When school ended, my clone in school arrived home through the dungeon door.

"I'm home…!"

"How was it? Did anyone notice anything?"

"Not really. I mean, I am you, after all."

"Lia is pretty perceptive, though…"

"Yeah, but what is she gonna do? Suspect that I'm a clone?"

I guess a normal girl wouldn't come up with that conclusion.

"Oh, she did ask you to come over and clean her room again this weekend."

I wasn't surprised that it needed cleaning again.

In fact, I should just come over without being asked.

I then had the clone teach me about the subjects he learned in school.

Because of the maxed out [Teaching] and [Fast Learning] skills, the tutoring session only took about ten minutes, although it was a whole school day's worth of information.

By the way, it was enough for the clone to show me his notes and give me a brief explanation of each page in order for the skill to work.

I also had the other two clones come down and teach me what they studied.

Your Intelligence and Creativity increased by +6!

Your Creativity further increased by +10 due to all your inventions and ideas!

This strategy was already paying off.

And since the clones had unlimited stamina, they didn't need to rest or go to sleep.

I sent two of them to go study, then assigned one to make more bullets.

"Satou… Are you OK? You weren't your usual self during practice."

Mitsurugi said, looking concerned.

Since my clones didn't share my stats, they didn't perform at the usual level I played at.

"That's because that wasn't me, that was a clone."

"...I know that you hate taking responsibility for your actions, but that's going too far, Satou."

He didn't believe me at all.

Since I had to tell them eventually, I showed the others where the clones were doing their work.

"Why are there so many senpais?!"

Rin said, looking at the clones, who were hard at work.

"...I have to admit, this is pretty cool."

Megumin said, not worrying about the hows or whys, only about the cool factor.

Darkness went up to one, carefully studying it. She had a huge grin on her face and said,

"Um… Do they have… You know."

What is this girl thinking about while squirming around like that?

Well, I could guess.

"...They're golems, so it's not like it's a real body."

"But… If you can add some certain parts… You know…"

"And I'm out."

Mitsurugi said, once he picked up on where this conversation was heading.

I should have known this would be the first thing Darkness would think about.

Well, the golems are technically me.

And to be honest, dealing with Darkness's stamina and libido was honestly a bit tiresome.

Especially because I also have to attend to the others.

If I think of it this way, all of these golems have the same mind as me, anyway.

Not to mention that I could give them something like a 'toy', which Darkness could enjoy.

Also, even though I planned on using the clones like slaves who don't get tired, they are still me. It would be cruel to have them go through their days without some form of entertainment.

"Fine, I'll do it."

"...! Kazuma, thank you!"

Rin sighed with a hand on her head.

"I will have to decline."

Megumin also shook her head.

"...I can't even imagine doing it with those things… Ah, no offense, Clonezumas."

"None taken!"

Yunyun, who seemed confused about what we were talking about, only titled her head.

"Um… I don't understand what's going on?"

"It's better if you don't."

Rin rubbed the back of her head as she looked at Yunyun.

"Maybe I'm being corrupted by senpai and Darkness-senpai, since I got the insinuation right away."

Darkness turned to Rin and said,

"Rin… If such a kind girl like you looks at me as if I'm trash…! You're a surprisingly good dominatrix, you know?! How about you try putting on some leather! In fact, you and Megumin both have awesome dommy potential! What do you say?!"

"Ew! Darkness-senpai, what's wrong with you?!"

Even Rin was grossed out by Darkness.

Part 6

Before Darkness could have her fun with the clones, we were set to go to the dungeon.

"Yippee! I'm so excited!"

Aika-chan said, jumping side-to-side as she clapped her hands together.

"Eh… Do I really have to go? I'd rather watch a stream…"

Mary didn't share Aika's enthusiasm whatsoever.

I wanted to see what their new bodies were capable of in combat.

…Not just because the last boss room kind of mentally scarred me, and I wanted more bodies to hide behind, or anything.

"Papa… Careful or your bravery stat will decrease."

Aika-chan gave me a warning look.

The fact she can sense everything is really inconvenient.

"...We have a lot of people here now."
Mitsurugi commented, seeing our large group.

There were now ten people. He said,

"Well, this works out."

"Why's that?"

"That's because the 54th floor boss is quite special."

"OK, I'm out."

"At least let me finish the explanation!"

I'm tired of special floors!

Why can't we just have easy floors, with weak monsters that give a lot of EXP and loot?

Mitsurugi then explained that the 54th floor boss is the dungeon's first official 'Raid Boss'.

"How is this explanation supposed to make me feel better?! Now I want to run away more than ever!"

Mitsurugi sighed and said,

"I'm not saying it's not dangerous, because there are certainly people who have died…"

"I'm waiting for this to get better."

"The point is! There is only one boss we need to face, not several, like in the other floors. The boss room is also static, so we can plan around it with information Yunyun-chan and I already have. Same thing with the boss, we defeated it before with a raid party of around 6 app-users. We have 10 people here, so it should be fine."

…I suppose that did make me feel a bit better.

"So, what's this boss like?"

"His name is Xandor the Dullahan of Fury."

"And I'm out!"

This guy must be dense if he thinks I'm fighting a named raid boss!

Furthermore, a Dullahan?!

Did he mean like Beldia?!

"Hoh… I didn't get to face that dullahan last time… Time for a revenge match."

Megumin said, chuckling to herself.

You know it'll turn out badly if Megumin is this confident.

"If you don't wanna come, Kazuma, then just stay at home and watch TV!"

Aqua said, pointing a finger at me.

…Did this bitch really just say that?!

After what I saw earlier?!

She didn't move at all from the couch from morning to noon. I thought I was in a time loop whenever I came down to the living room!

Iris pumped her fists together while giving me a reassuring smile.

"Don't worry, onii-sama! You know that I'll protect you!"

This just made Aqua grin even more.

"You hear that? Iris-chan here will protect you."

"Fine, I'm going, I'm going!"

I allowed myself to be instigated by Aqua.

I'll get back at her for using Iris against me.

Looking weak in front of the imouto is the worst fear of an onii-chan, and Aqua capitalized on that.

As we were all setting out to go, I made some preparations just in case.

I called Rin over and put a spell on the Spell Storing Ring I gave her a long time ago.

I placed a teleport spell in there in case we needed a quick get-away.

Usually a heal spell was placed in there, but there were so many people this time that one heal wasn't going to cut it. And we might need an extra person who could cast teleport if we wanted to escape quickly.

Mitsurugi then drew us a diagram of the boss floor.

Like he said, the space wasn't as expansive as the other floors, but it was still quite huge.

It was an arena that gave plenty of space for the dullahan to run around.

"This variant of Dullahan is also large… Bigger than Beldia. I'd say its raw power is stronger, but it doesn't have powerful spells like Beldia had, such as a death curse spell or the ability to instantly summon undead."

…Those two abilities that Beldia didn't have a chance to use against me, since he was already drained from fighting app-users left and right.

Now I was actually fighting a dullahan at full power… And apparently its raw power was stronger than Beldia's.

But this might be doable since this wasn't a spellcaster/warrior hybrid like Beldia was.

Straight forward enemies were easier to predict.

And the two veterans in Mitsurugi and Yunyun knew about the bosses' attack patterns and explained it to us.

"Alright, enough talking! Let's beat this nasty undead up already!"

Aqua said, smiling as she got up from her chair.

So impatient, this one.

…

…

We teleported into the 54th floor, but there was also a teleportation checkpoint ahead of us.

So Yunyun and I undid the teleportation marks to free up a slot, and those of us who hadn't been to this floor yet registered ourselves on that checkpoint.

After that, we explored the dungeon.

"Slice, slice, slice them all!"

Aika-chan cheerily said, as she hacked a goblin king in half with Beldia's sword.

"...Hah… This is boring. I wonder what my favorite streamer is doing right now…"

Mary said, while lazily flicking her hand, transforming it into a wooden tendril that she used as a whip. At the end of a whip, a blade stuck out, the dagger of her former 'beloved'.

The dagger tore through a goblin's armor as if it never even existed.

This dagger was the cheat item of Mary's ex-boy toy, which she stole to kill him with.

…That guy really had quite a sad death.

The 'girlfriend' that Mary was concerned about ended up just being a hostess, too.

One who didn't even know his name.

Rest in pieces, you poor guy.

As for the cheat item itself, this is what [Lore Reading] told me.

Grave Binder (Artifact)

This artifact does not belong to its current user (Mary the Tranquility Girl), so its effects are limited. When using this dagger, the user completely ignores resistance of any kind when attacking a target. Instead, the user will directly harm the target's health points

Sells for: Cannot be sold

…Even though it's not at full power, it's already this OP!

The only issue is that Mary won't even let anyone look at it for too long, much less use it.

Still, at least I managed to convince her to use it in combat. Having it do nothing in her ex-boy toy's grave would have been too much of a waste.

"Exterion…!"

Finally, Iris swept away all the stragglers with a powerful beam that launched out of the tip of her sword.

We watched as the loli trio wiped out all the monsters attacking us.

…Maybe I didn't need to worry so much?

That last boss area really traumatized me.

I can't even look at mountains the same way.

Not to mention that I once saw a shogun on a TV documentary and had to look away from the screen.

I guess I have a lot of traumas.

Also…

"...Papa, you leveled up three times."

Aika-chan said, although she didn't seem happy about it, as she rested Beldia against her shoulder.

She still looked ridiculous carrying that thing.

"Eh? Did you really kill that many monsters?"

"You got 2 from the golem farm and 1 from me and Mary-chan killing these monsters… It's not fair that you get all the credit!"

…Maybe returning to the dungeon wasn't so bad.

I'm now level 51.

To think I'd actually reach this high…

"Now, now, be a good girl and keep fighting for papa."

"No matter how much you try to sweeten it, this is child abuse!"

"...This so-called child is carrying a dullahan's greatsword with one hand like it's nothing, so don't go trying to pull that card on me, young lady!"

Aqua glared at me and placed a hand on her hips.

"Yelling at our child? That's grounds for divorce."

"Since when were we married?! I don't see a ring on it!"

Rin chuckled as she had a rare mischievous look on her face, raising her hand to show the spell-storing ring.

"Come to think of it, this counts as a ring given from senpai, right?"

Out of all people, I didn't expect Rin to try and start a fight.

"...Yeah, how come Kazuma never gifted me anything nice?"

"Kazuma… Even I want to be treated well sometimes…"

"I-I don't mind if Kazuma-san doesn't give me anything! But…"

Rin chuckled, satisfied with stirring the pot among the other girls.

Mitsurugi coughed into his hand.

"...Can we move forward, or are we gonna keep bickering?"

Before we advanced, I looked at the goblin bodies.

"Hold on a second."

I raised my hands over them.

"Create Un…"

"Break spell…!"

I looked at Aqua, who interrupted my casting.

"What are you doing?! Is this 'Aqua pisses off Kazuma day', or what?! You've been doing nothing but getting under my skin all day!"

"I could say the same about you! Why are you raising undead?! I won't let you do it! No way!"

"And you said you promised that you'd stop making all kinds of silly decisions that get us in danger! Look, the more bodies we have to use as bait, the better! If you really hate undead so much, then why are you stopping me from using them as bait?!"

Aqua blinked, rubbing her chin in thought.

"Huh. I never thought of it that way. Fine, you can do it! But I don't want to watch this disgusting act!"

She turned away and covered her ears.

I then spent some time reanimating the goblins, until there were three of them under my command.

"...Ugh, just look at those creepy things…"

Aqua said. Meanwhile, Darkness seemed fascinated with them.

"...Undead goblins… Huh?"

Just how many depraved ideas was she going to have today?
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, NightSight and 191 others
BoringBone
May 8, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 54: A Challenge For This Raid Boss Dullahan!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
May 16, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,337
A/N: Blessing This Hero With The Demon King Class! Chapter 2 is now available on my Patreon! It's available through membership and purchase. Check it out if you'd like!


Chapter 54: A Challenge For This Raid Boss Dullahan!

Part 1

The door leading into the boss room was bigger than any of the previous ones.

Perhaps because this is a raid boss room.

I started to get nervous all over again.

If I started to hear music, I would have ordered an immediate retreat.

The ground shook as we saw a giant dullahan rising from a throne.

Xandor had adamantite armor and flames leaked out from the joints of the armor, as well as the eye openings on his helmet.

He carried a halberd with an incandescent axe blade, burning hot red. It created a heat wave as he flourished the weapon.

"...I am Xandor the dullahan of fury. Defeat me and you may advance… Fail and you will die!"

It was saying some pretty raid boss-like things.

The first thing I did was switch to the [Dullahan Slayer] title I gained from killing Beldia.

Then, I sent out the undead goblins.

Not like I had any hope for them doing any actual damage.

They were simply a distraction so the frontline could advance.

Speaking of the frontline…

Darkness led the charge, followed by Mitsurugi, Iris and Aika-chan.

Darkness was charging with an improvised spear I made for her. With a crazed grin, she said,

"Ahh! If this dullahan is just as strong and abusive as Beldia, I will surely enjoy myself…!"

Acting in such a degenerate fashion when there were two children right behind her…

"Oi, Darkness, focus!"

I yelled at Darkness, who was getting sidetracked from the plan.

She snapped out of her state of lust and ran behind Xandor. Aqua buffed all of us, so Darkness's already impressive physical stats were given a boost. She quickly went behind Xandor before he could attack.

"[Decoy]!"

Compelled by Darkness's taunt, Xandor turned around.

This exposed his back to us.

"[Exterion]!"

"[Rune of Saber]!"

"[Aika-chan's Amazing Triple Attack]!"

The frontline launched all their attacks at Xandor's exposed back.

…I feel like one of those wasn't an actual skill name.

Xandor let out a groan of pain, but Darkness kept his attention with [Decoy].

Then, when he lifted his halberd to attack…

"[Cursed Crystal Prison]!"

Yunyun froze his upper body in place with advanced ice magic.

Just like Mitsurugi warned, Xandor was about to use a skill to get rid of the ice freezing him.

"[Overwhelm]!"

It was a skill I also had, which allowed one to break free from magic that is trapping them.

"[Skill Bind]!"

I held my hand out and prevented Xandor from using his skill.

"[Sacred Exorcism]!"

Aqua unleashed a pillar of holy light shining down from above, which caused Xandor to holler in pain even more. Bits of his armor were starting to fall off.

"[Bright Shot]!"

Rin aimed precisely for the halberd Xandor was carrying, shooting it away with the force of the powerful blast of light magic. With his arms frozen, Xandor couldn't hold onto the halberd and it fell uselessly onto the ground.

I then commanded the goblins to take the giant halberd and lift it away.

As for how they had the strength to do this…

Well, it took some convincing, but I managed to get Aqua to cast buffs on them, too.

Aqua frowned as she saw the empowered goblins carrying the halberd away.

"Hmph… I still don't approve of them…"

She was talking like a scorned mother-in-law.

Eventually, Xandor managed to melt Yunyun's ice magic with the heat of his body.

"[Decoy]!"

Only for Darkness to repeat the process.

But this time, Xandor could only use his fists, leaning down to try and hit Darkness.

"Alright, do it, Mary, Aika-chan!"

Mary, with a somewhat bored expression, held her hand out and transformed it into a wooden tendril, which she wrapped around Xandor. She pulled on it, making Xandor stumble forward, falling to his knees.
Then Aika-chan jumped into the air.

I then undid my [Golem Manipulation] on her, returning her to the normal size of a Super Rare golem.

A giant Aika-chan ended up falling on top of Xandor.

"Ah, oopsies!"

Aika-chan's booming voice echoed out, as she giggled.

"Aww, Aika-chan, you've grown up so quickly!"

Aqua said, proudly looking at Aika-chan, who waved down at her.

"Look at me, mama! I'm sitting on the bad guy!"

"You're doing good, Aika-chan!"

Meanwhile, Megumin was watching this with a blank look on her face.

"...Oi, when do I get to participate? He's almost dead."

Let me explain the special conditions of this boss room.

Instead of the one dealing the killing blow getting the EXP, it is shared among the participants.

But the top three damage dealers who beat Xandor will gain increased EXP.

"Megumin is getting impatient! Everyone clear out!"

They all ran away from Xandor. I had Aika-chan get off Xandor and I transformed her into a wall to hide behind.

"Explosion…!"

Megumin managed to get the finishing blow.

Congratulations! You have beaten Xandor the dullahan of fury!

The top 3 damage dealers were:

First place: Megumin

Second place: Mitsurugi

Third place: Aika

When she heard this, Aika-chan stomped her foot in anger.

"Eh?! I should be first place, shouldn't I?!"

I smiled at her.

"It's fine. You got extra EXP for your papa. Be proud of yourself."

"That doesn't make me happy!"

You gained 5 levels!

Your EXP gain is slower now as you are above level 50!

…I guess it was at that stage now, when EXP gain really starts to slow down.

Still, I had a bunch of skill points to use now.

We ended up splitting the loot from Xandor.

He didn't have any special equipment. It was just oversized adamantite armor.

But that was still a precious material, so we split it evenly.

Before we could leave…

I sensed something with [Treasure Detection].

I sent the goblins to check out the area where I sensed it.

Just like I suspected, there was a hidden room.

"Gurk…!"

…Although the goblins all ended up being destroyed by a swinging axe trap as soon as they stepped in.

My [Trap Detection] and [Disarm Trap] were actually too low to even do anything about this trap.

Instead, I just set a teleportation mark within the room itself, skipping the trap entirely.

I should probably start ranking up those trap skills. Stepping into a trap like this could spell immediate death.

I stepped over the goblin carcass and saw that there were scrolls inside.

Just to make sure, I used some golems to see if they were safe.

I then used [Lore Reading] on the scrolls.

These scrolls contain the spell 'Amnesia'.

[Amnesia] Active Skill (30 mp)

You must be in contact with the target for ten minutes. If they fail a 'Willpower' save against your 'Magic Power', you can choose one memory of theirs to erase. The time you must spend in contact with the target increases depending on what kind of memory you're trying to erase. If the target is willing, you can use this spell without doing a skill check.

…What a situational skill.

But this was actually useful for Yunyun.

When I explained the spell to her, she said,

"Wait, would this be able to work on a skill?!"

She said, looking excited after finally having a means to erase the [Lady Killer] skill.

"It's possible… I'll have to consult the mighty crystal ball, though."

"Eh? Is it a good idea to leave it up to chance?"

Since Yunyun didn't know about the ball yet, she had this kind of assumption.

As for the other scrolls, there were some intermediate magic spells like fireball and lightning.

Spells that I already knew.

I still kept them anyway, just in case.

After that, we teleported away from the dungeon after setting a mark on the next floor.

Part 2

When we got back to the mansion, we had a debriefing.

"How should I say this… Well, it was easier than I expected."

I said, as we sat around the dining room table and had some snacks to replace the calories we lost.

Mitsurugi sighed and said,

"I told you so… You should trust me more, you know?"

He did have the point there. He was the party leader for a reason. My paranoia shouldn't outweigh his experience in the dungeon.

"Senpai, I had a feeling we were gonna beat that boss with all the people we had."

Rin said, gesturing to all the people seated with us.

…Indeed, it was a bit overkill.

Hell, maybe Megumin was enough to one-shot that thing, if we gave her room to get an explosion magic off.

"That was a tough monster, though! It reminded me of the monsters that would roam the most dangerous dungeon in my world…"

Iris said, looking like she was reminiscing about something ridiculous.

Should a girl her age have such a nostalgic look while saying the words 'most dangerous dungeon'?

Also looking at Iris now…

With the exception of trick floors like the manticore one, our group was probably way too strong, and way too big, for the floor 60 range.

In fact, we were probably holding Mitsurgui and Yunyun back from their regular training.

"...I think we should split the group up again."

I said, coming to that conclusion.

Yunyun's eyes widened.

"B-But I like it when everyone's together! It's like a picnic! It's also nice when we're all tightly packed in the dungeon… It feels like we're all close friends!"

Did Yunyun realize she was talking about a dungeon, and not a field trip?

Besides, the whole 'tightly packed' issue was one of the reasons I even brought it up.

There was no way ten of us could travel the dungeon without getting crammed.

Besides, with all the spells and attacks flying around, there would be more instances of friendly fire than not.

It simply wasn't sustainable.

"Sorry, Yunyun, but this is for the best…"

"...If you say so."

The fact that she looked so sad hurt me.

Still, I decided to make the tough decision of splitting the groups up.

"I think the powerful ones should keep advancing in the higher levels, while everyone else advances at a slower rate."

"...The powerful ones, I see."

Megumin said, nodding along as if she was assuming something.

"Hold on, Megumin-san, do you consider yourself to be on the tier of the powerful ones?"

"I'm the one who dealt the most damage, didn't I?"

"Yeah, after not doing anything the whole fight! Face it, you're with us!"

I pointed to Darkness, Aqua and myself.

"...?! How is that possible?!"

Aqua also looked offended.

"Aren't I the party buffer and healer?! Why am I not included in the powerful list!"

Did I even need to explain that?

Darkness was smiling to herself.

"...Kazuma, keep going."

She thought that I was insulting her on purpose.

"Listen! What do we all have in common?"

I said, pointing to the people I listed.

"...We all have a deep and abiding love for explosion magic?"

Was that really Megumin's perception of us?

"Wrong! We don't have any cheat items! Or royal bloodlines, or any hax like that!"

Aqua was a goddess, but all her other flaws cancelled that out.
Same with Megumin and Darkness' otherwise high stats.

"Hold on, Yunyun doesn't have any cheats, either!"

Megumin said, pointing accusingly at Yunyun.

"...She's clearly a genius with high magic power."

"So am I!"

"And look how you use that genius of yours! If you were really useful, you'd be a lot more versatile like Yunyun, right? Face it, you're with the 'others'!"

Before Megumin could get angrier at me, Mitsurugi said,

"How are you planning on dividing these groups, then?"

I explained the groups to them.

The C team, which featured myself, Megumin, Aqua and Darkness.

The B team, which included Mary, Rin and Iris.

And the A team, which would have Aika-chan, Yunyun and Mitsurugi.

"The C team will continue to explore the current floors, while the B team will go ahead of us. Meanwhile, the A team will have Mitsurugi and Yunyun continue where they left off, with Aika-chan supporting them."

"I see… That does make sense. B team has Iris-chan who will carry the load, with Rin-chan and Mary-chan supporting her…"

Mitsurugi was close to accepting my plan, but Megumin said,

"Ahhh! I get what you're doing, Kazuma! Mary and Aika-chan give you EXP when they get the killing blow! So you just want to split them up into higher floors to gain more EXP for yourself!"

"..."

How did she figure out my plan so easily?!

"...O-Of course not! If that was really the case, I'd just put them both on the A team! Rather, Megumin, you're just trying to oppose this plan because of your petty pride, get over yourself!"

Somehow, I managed to avoid the blame.

Meanwhile, Aika-chan was just staring disapprovingly at me.

Thanks to her mercy, she didn't reveal the fact that my cunning just went up by +5.

Part 3

Yunyun was insistent on using the amnesia scroll right away. We went to my room after she changed into her pajamas.

First, I consulted the crystal ball.

Yeah, it'll work.

We received a rather simple response.

And so, I set about casting the spell.

Since I had [Scroll Adept], I was able to use the spell at double the mana cost, even if I didn't know the spell.

It was fitting that this same skill I earned from Yunyun's bond rank rewards would help her in turn.

I held the scroll in front of Yunyun. The series of magical writing within started glowing, before they faded away.

What would you like to erase?

>Embarrassing memory

>Memory of an embarrassing skill

>Memory of a person you embarrassed yourself in front of

…Were these options specifically tailored towards Yunyun?

They all had to do with an embarrassing memory.

I went ahead and erased her memory of [Lady Killer].

1, 2 and… Poof!

Yunyun forgot [Lady Killer].

Once the process was done, Yunyun asked,

"Um… Did it work?"

"Check your phone."

"...It's gone! Kazuma-san, that skill is gone!"

She squealed in joy, before wrapping her arms around me.

I smiled and hugged her back.

"Was that skill really all that bad?"

"...I-It's very awkward to have girls staring at me like that!"

"Including Megumin, right?"

I smirked while Yunyun blushed.

"M-Megumin is my best friend, so she shouldn't look at me in that way…!"

"...Why don't you just try talking to her?"

It was probably just Megumin looking at Yunyun's body out of jealousy, instead of whatever it was Yunyun was imagining.

"But what if she ends up confessing…"

"Do you really think Megumin loves you that much?"

"W-Well… She might be the type who isn't honest with her feelings."

Yunyun did have a point there.

Megumin did kind of fit the tsundere mold.

"Megumin is actually, surprisingly, kind of mature. I know that personally. And I think you know that, too. So it's best if you just ask her yourself, OK?"

"...I feel like Kazuma-san isn't so sure about that."

I ended up adding a bunch of uncertain words before calling Megumin mature.

Nonetheless, she eventually nodded.

"OK, I'll just ask her."

"Good girl."

I smiled, hugging her again.

Just like I promised Yunyun, I took our relationship slowly.

However…

Her crush on me only seemed to increase since her confession and our first kiss. Sometimes we'd even end up kissing in her room.

But until Yunyun made the first move, I wasn't going to rush things along.

And just as I was thinking that…

"Kazuma-san… Mn…"

This time, she was the one who initiated the kiss.

Ara? Wasn't Yunyun being aggressive?

…Was the relief of being freed from the shackles of [Lady Killer] really this substantial?

Well, I guess if I had a skill where guys checked me out all day…

And Mitsurugi started staring at my crotch.

"Yunyun… You did a good job holding on this long!"

"I did, I really did!"

I chuckled, as Yunyun sat on my lap. She gasped and said,

"Kazuma-san, you think this is funny?!"

"Well… It's kind of silly, isn't it?"

After a while, she ended up giggling as well.

"I guess it kind of is…"

I leaned up to kiss her, holding her face.

"Even if it's silly… Or if you think it's stupid, you can ask me for help anytime, Yunyun."

She smiled at me, before glancing away.

"Um… But this time Kazuma-san just found those scrolls by accident…"

Since when did Yunyun have a contrarian streak?!

I guess she was getting comfortable with me.

"I-It wasn't by accident… It was because I maxed out my [Treasure Detection]... To help Yunyun, of course."

"I feel like that's a lie… Also Kazuma-san keeps fibbing a lot… Especially when you made that comment about me to Iris-chan…"

I thought she forgave me for that already.

Yunyun was the type to hold grudges?

"A-Ah… I thought we moved past that already? Haha…"

She giggled, before shyly kissing me again.

"It's fine. I forgive Kazuma-san."

"I thought you forgave me already."

Her breasts ended up brushing against my chest, and it took all I had not to reach up and just squeeze them.

Go slow, Kazuma! This is a delicate girl…!

Even though she was kind of petty!

She had that in common with Megumin, I guess.

"Um… Kazuma-san… I've been the subject of these kinds of stares for a while now… So I know you're looking at them."

"I'm sorry."

I ended up being outed by her, anyway.

"I-If you want, you can touch them a little! Only through the clothes, though."

I suddenly received permission.

"Are you sure, Yunyun? I'm fine going really slow…"

Even slower than what we were already going, if I was completely honest.

Yunyun is a precious girl who I want to protect.

"It's fine… I trust Kazuma-san."

And there you have it.

I reached up, not timid at all, more concerned about not making her uncomfortable.

"Mn…!"

I gently squeezed her chest through her pajama top.

How should I say this…

They're so big?!

This was my first time feeling them, but I had certainly noticed Yunyun's features before.

I mean, who wouldn't.

But because she was a growing girl…

"Yunyun… Did they get bigger?"

"...! M-Maybe."

Since she seemed embarrassed about it, I didn't inquire further.

Although I wanted to say, 'what cup size are you now, girlie? Buhihihi~!'.

Instead, I resumed softly kissing her, deepening it a little by opening my mouth, as I fondled her chest.

I didn't want to overwhelm Yunyun too much, so we stopped after several minutes of doing this.

While Yunyun adjusted her shirt from my fondling, I said,

"...You need me to come with you when you confront Yurimin… I mean, Megumin?"

"Yes, please! I won't know what to do if she blushes and says, 'Yunyun… I like you!'."

She was really convinced that was a real possibility.

And so, I followed Yunyun as we went to Megumin's room to knock on it.

"...What do you mean it's my fault?! You were all in the AoE range of the spell! Gahhh! I got kicked out of the guild?! Curses! Curses upon your kin!"

We overheard this tirade before she opened the door.

"Ah… What do you want?"

I saw that she was playing Myriad Swords 2 outside of our group sessions. I guess she got hooked on the game.

Then I noticed that Megumin's gaze immediately went down to Yunyun's chest.

…I guess Yunyun wasn't imagining it.

Although the skill was gone now.

Was Megumin just that thirsty for Yunyun?

"There you go again! Megumin… I noticed all the looks you've been giving me! You're addicted to staring at my breats, aren't you?! Megumin loves my breasts so much!"

"...Hah?"

To think that Yunyun would actually just outright say it!

To avoid household drama, I ushered Yunyun in and closed the door.

…Well, Yunyun yelling that in the hallway must have already alerted the others.

I was sure that Darkness was pressing her ears to her door by now.

While huffing and saying, 'Eh? Yunyun and Megumin are like that?! Who's the bottom and who's the top?! Megumin has to be the top, right?! But it'd be even hotter if Yunyun was secretly a dom and Megumin lets herself be dominated all night! Kuhhh!'.

"What are you on about now, Yunyun?"

Megumin said, crossing her arms.

"I-It's fine if you like me! In fact… It might not be totally your fault, since I had the [Lady Killer] skill! Kazuma-san got rid of it, so it's fine now! You are no longer a slave to your one-sided lust and affection, Megumin! Also, I don't view you in that way, so you're rejected!"

"Why am I getting rejected all of a sudden?! When did I confess?! What's going on?!"

I filled Megumin in on the situation.

"...Oh, so it's like that? Well, I guess I was looking at Yunyun's chest lately."

She outright admitted it.

"S-So Megumin does like me?!"

"She really is Yurimin…"

Megumin pointed her finger at us accusingly.

"Hah?! How did it come to that?! And what's with this Yurimin?! So what if I was staring at Yunyun's chest?! I just noticed that her breasts are getting bigger, and that makes me yuri?!"

It sounded like she was doubling down after being caught.

But if she really liked Yunyun like that, she wouldn't be so forthcoming.

Besides, she seemed more annoyed than defensive.

"Doesn't Megumin love me too much?! I like Megumin too, but as a friend! Please stop undressing me with your eyes already!"

"Fine, fine! If that's all, leave already! I have more important things to worry about! I need to find a new guild!"

And so, we were hastily kicked out of the room.

Yunyun sighed and shook her head.

"Megumin… She's such a tsundere."

That wasn't really a tsundere reaction, though.

That was just a typical gamer reaction.

I went out to the hallway with Yunyun, who sighed.

"...Megumin really think of me like that, huh?"

"No, I'm pretty sure this is a misunderstanding."

I said to Yunyun, before putting my hand on her head.

"But still, you did a good job communicating with her. You would have normally been too shy to do that before.

Yunyun smiled and embraced me.

"Thanks, Kazuma-san… It's all thanks to you."

I shook my head.

"Nope. Remember, this is all because of Yunyun's efforts."

"But Kazuma-san helped me so much!"

"And a lot of people helped me, too. It doesn't mean that I'm completely reliant on them."

"I see… Then… That really makes us true equals now, right, Kazuma-san?"

I chuckled, before nodding.

"That was always the case, wasn't it? I'm not perfect or anything, far from it, so I'll be relying on you in the future too, Yunyun."

In fact, I'm relying on her now.

These days, I've been so caught up with gaining levels and stats, trying to be as strong as possible for my inevitable battle with Wiz.

…I think that trying to solve Yunyun's problem with Megumin, even if it was inconsequential in the grand scheme of things, was a good break for me.

So we really do help each other, even if Yunyun didn't realize it.

I helped Yunyun with her self-confidence, and she helped me ground myself.

Not a bad deal, I'd say.

Part 4

After that incident was resolved, Yunyun went to her own room.

When I went to my room, Aika-chan popped out and said,

"Kazuma-san! Your bond rank with Yunyun-san has deepened! Go on and read the bond!"

She seemed excited for some reason.

Your bond with Yunyun has reached the maximum level!

Yunyun (Friendly Stalker), Bond Rank: 7 (MAX)

At Rank 7, Yunyun trusts you with the serious and silly things in life, from self-confidence issues to inconvenient skills. She has accepted her feelings for you more than ever, all doubts that she is codependent for you are long gone. She views you as an equal, one who will always respect her and will not take advantage of her. She is still a bit shy around you, but that will probably always be the case with Yunyun. But she knows that you accept all of her, and that you even admire those qualities.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Advanced Magic]!

After getting teary eyed and chuckling a bit at Yunyun's max bond description, I stared at the bond reward next.

…Advanced magic?!

As in that advanced magic?!

No wonder why Aika-chan was so excited!

[Advanced Magic] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (X mp)

Unlock the ability to learn Advanced magic.

…Eh?

I scrolled through the screen, but that was all there is to it.

"Where's the spells…?"

Aika-chan raised a finger.

"Actually, you need to learn advanced magic on your own, or through spell tomes! That's why it is the highest level of orthodox offensive magic you can learn!"

So getting this skill only allowed me to learn advanced magic?!

I got excited for no reason!

Well, at least I had the ability to learn advanced magic now.

"Heh… I'd love to see you find some kind of shortcut for this one!"

Aika-chan said, as she laid on my bed, hands behind her head.

Meanwhile…

"Why the hell did you use that spell now?! You wiped all of us out, dumbass!"

I saw Mary at my PC, yelling at my monitor, wearing a headset.

She was playing Myriad Swords 2 as well.

She noticed me looking and said,

"...Look at this. Some braindead mage player got my whole party killed!"

It seems like Megumin was gonna get kicked out of yet another guild.

I left Mary to wallow in the pits of human misery that is multiplayer online gaming.

Then, I joined Aika-chan on the bed, earning a satisfied giggle from her as I sat her on my lap and cuddled her.

"Oh, right, papa. You also completed that quest!"

Quest completed!

Help Yunyun erase the [Lady Killer] skill! Quest Reward: You gain the Re-Spec mirror!

Finally, the quest that had been blocking my quest list from updating was resolved.

Well, that sounded like I was blaming Yunyun, but it wasn't her fault.

The quests would naturally be harder the higher I leveled up.

In fact, I shuddered to think about how difficult the next batch of quests were going to be.

For now, I looked at my quest reward.

The Re-Spec mirror.

A basic hand mirror appeared in front of me.

Re-Spec Mirror (Ultra Rare)

You can reset the allocation of your skill points! The changes are permanent, unless you respec your skills again in a similar manner.

Sells For: 2,000,000 Yen

…Would Megumin kill me if I handed this to her and told her to decrease her explosion magic power?

Yeah, she certainly would.

Actually, there was someone else who would benefit from this.

As for myself, I was pretty satisfied with my skills so far, and I had a bunch more unspent skill points, anyway.

So I didn't really need this item.

But…

There was a dumbass in this house who put all her skill points on party skills.

I found Aqua downstairs, clinking a sake bottle with Sena.

"We don't need men, Aqua-san! You and I… Us women are all we need!"

"You got that right! I have a man, though."

"Die!"

"Ack?!"

Sena started shaking Aqua.

How drunk were they to get to this point?

"Oi, Aqua. I found the perfect item for you…"

"Oh? Wanna try that vibrator thing Darkness mentioned the other day?"

What the hell was she on about?!

Sena had a dark look on her face.

"Talking about such things to a virgin… You two are despicable! Normies should die! Die! Blow up and die!"

She was talking exactly like me before I got laid.

"Sena… You don't have the right to talk like that when I already told you I'm always available…"

She blushed and looked down.

"A-Ah, right. Um, I'll consider it… So please continue to keep an open mind!"

She immediately sobered up.

Sena was the worst kind of Christmas cake.

She was the type of woman who had the kind of body all men would find attractive, yet she complains about not finding a man.

Then when a man shows interest, she acts like some shy schoolgirl, despite being in her 20s.

"Anyway, Aqua, there's this item that respecs your skills…"

"Oh, good idea! Now I can keep increasing my party skills!"

"Wrong! You got the completely wrong idea!"

I was, of course, talking about her luck.

Since we were aiming to take the gambler skill, I wanted Aqua to allocate those skill points to increase her luck.

Even if her intelligence couldn't be increased unless she had the Arch-Wizard class, just improving her abysmal luck should surely improve our battle encounters from here on.

"You know, I was thinking about something, Kazuma… Isn't my low luck a part of my personality? It's a part of my charm, right? If we were to get rid of that, then who would I really be?"

"...A girl who won't get us killed?! A girl who doesn't pull out a chicken egg from a loot box?!"

"Chicken egg?! What chicken egg are you referring to?! I hope you're not talking about Zell!"

"That's exactly right! I'm talking about Emperor Yakitori! Where is that delicious nugget, anyway?! I wanna dip him in some barbeque sauce!"

"Child abuse! This is child abuse! Fine, I'll do whatever you want, just don't even think about harming my poor baby!"

Sena stared at us as she sipped her sake.

"...Out of context, this conversation sounds really bad."

I bet it did.

Part 5

Aqua asked me to hold off on re-specing her party skill points until we got the Gambler class.

She said that she wanted to say goodbye to her darlings.

Whatever that meant.

Then I went back to my room to do my next task, which was to allocate my skill points.

I had 36 skill points to spend.

"Oh, mighty crystal ball…!"

Hey, can you stop using me as a min-max tool already?

It started to complain.

As if this inanimate object had the right to complain.

It was just lucky that I hadn't smashed it by now for its constant rude remarks.

For now, I upgraded [Trap Detection] and [Disarm Trap].

I couldn't just rely on the rank 1 versions anymore with how far we were advancing in the dungeon.

[Trap Detection] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

You can now sense traps within a 35-foot radius around you. Your 'Intuition' (106) score determines the success rate of discovering traps. You can detect traps of 'Master' grade.

[Disarm Trap] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

You are proficient in disarming traps of a 'Master' grade. Success of disarming depends on your Dexterity (115).

The upgraded versions didn't seem like huge upgrades, but it was the safety factor that mattered.

After all, it didn't matter how much damage I could put out if we all died in a trap I couldn't detect or disarm.

And since we were on to traps…

"Hey, mighty crystal ball, does [Create Trap] work like [Smithing]?"

In the sense that I can create powerful traps right away at max level…

Yeah, it does, but the enemy can just avoid the trap if they see it being made in front of them.

"...How do you avoid a pitfall that just suddenly appears beneath them, though?"

Were they going to start running in the air like in Looney Tunes?

You make a good point. Yeah, that can work. Especially since you can make 'Master' grade traps at rank 5.

I went ahead and spent skill points on that, then.

[Create Trap] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (X mp)

You can now make traps of 'Master' grade! The enemy's 'Intuition' determines the success rate of them discovering your trap. Creating a master grade trap costs 10 mp for each minute you spend preparing it. For each minute that passes, the 'Intuition' check required increases in difficulty by +10.

These crafting skills were so OP. No one probably bothered to level them up aside from those with skills like Blacksmith. But those guys don't even fight, so they have no use for the combat application of their skills.

And there was the new crafting skill that I got, [Tailor].

"What kind of bonuses would clothes from the maxed out [Tailor] skill give?"

Clothes of a 'Legendary' variety would of course give powerful effects, from increased mana regeneration, magic power or strength boosts. It depends on the material that is used.

"Material, like silk and such?"

No, more like silk produced from colossal earthworms.

"What the hell is a colossal earthworm?!"

It is a boss monster that appears in level 88.

So something that I wouldn't want to deal with.

"Um… Are there weaker monsters that I can make clothes out of?"

Yes, you can make above average clothing from the silk of the sandworms you encountered on the 3rd boss floor.

Those giant things only produced an above average grade?

I checked the divine laptop and saw that the dungeon could teleport in these worms at a fairly low price.

Even if I was on a DP budget thanks to the construction of Norse, Vanir's dungeon was steadily increasing its victims, I mean, visitors.

That meant that I still had a fairly decent supply of DP.

I went ahead and put skill points into the [Tailor] skill, anyway. Since clothes could be worn under armor, it was a good way to raise our battle potential at little cost.

[Tailor] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (X mp)

You can create, combine and repair clothing of a 'Legendary' grade. The success of this skill is determined by your Creativity (114), although doing so will cost 20 mp. Combining compatible clothing of the 'Legendary' grade might yield a clothing of 'Artifact' grade, although the chances of success are very low (1%). If you fail to create clothing in this way, you will lose 80 mana points, even if this skill requires none. Attempting to do so, regardless of success, will cost you 30 mp.

Since I wanted to start my silk production right away, I teleported some of those sandworms to a separate floor.

I then used my new [Create Trap] skill to have the worms bound by huge steel cuffs that went around their body, using the material of the floor.

I also used [Smithing] skill to have tubes supplying the worms with food and water, as well as a mechanism that collects the silk.

…Looking at them like this, it seemed like a cruel operation was taking place.

Despite leveling four skills already, I still had 20 points left over.

Since I went ahead and raised my [Cooking] skills to gain more stat bonuses, I decided that I might as well raise the [Gardening] skill.

It could even produce medicinal plants, which ties in with my maxed out [Medicine] skill.

[Gardening] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

When you plant produce and harvest it, consuming the produce will give you a range of stat benefits, the final yield of which depends on your Intuition (106). Produce will also grow 4x faster than usual.

Common seeds: +1-5 stat yield depending on produce

Very Rare seeds: +5-10 stat yield depending on produce

Legendary seeds: +10-15 stat yield depending on produce

I see… So since my intuition is high, I will probably get the max yield out of those ranges.

The rarity of the seeds also seems fixed at certain tiers.

To start with, I produced some more seeds with the divine laptop, starting at common seeds, since Very Rare seeds were extremely expensive.

Not to mention legendary seeds.

I then asked the ball if it was fine to just let the golems sow the seeds, if it'll count as me doing it.

There are limits to the amount of bullshit you can pull, you know that?

This guy was way too annoying.

I set the gardening aside for now as I continued with the Skill Points allocation.

Since the golem skills have produced fantastic results so far, I asked the crystal ball about [Golem Transmutation].

At rank 5, the damage of transmuted golems increases by +4.

…It wasn't really as big of an upgrade as I thought.

Well, the damage was good, but there wasn't any lack of damage to go around, especially with Aika-chan and Mary were now in parties that had OP members like Iris and Mitsurugi in it.

I withheld upgrading that for now.

Looking at the rest of my skills, well, I couldn't find much else to invest in, even after I asked the crystal ball.

And so, I just started to complete maxing out the skills that already had some points into them.

[One-handed Sword] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

You are proficient in using swords that require one hand to wield. You gain +50% weapon accuracy with attacks using one-handed swords and +4 damage.

[Spear] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

You are proficient in using spears. You gain +50% weapon accuracy with attacks using spears and +4 to damage using spears.

When I was done upgrading…

You have unlocked the Swordmaster advanced class and the Lancer specialized class!

…Eh?

The requirements to unlock the Swordmaster class are 90 Strength, 95 Stamina, 90 Health and a Rank 5 [Sword] skill!

The requirements to unlock the Lancer class are 80 Strength, 80 Stamina, 80 Health, and a Rank 5 [Spear] skill!

Unlocking the Lancer class has also made you available for a promotion to Cavalier!

Requirements for Cavalier: 90 Strength, 95 Stamina, 90 Dexterity, Rank 5 [Spear] and Rank 5 [Riding].

I didn't even intend to, but I ended up locking an advanced class and a specialized class.

…I don't really rely on those two weapons that much these days, though.

Especially since I'm on the higher floors now.

Still, I looked at the skills I could get with each class.

With the Swordmaster class, I could raise Strength, Stamina and Health using skill points.

There was also a feature similar to [Archery Rank-Up] called [Sword Rank-Up] that lets me raise sword related skills above Rank 5.

Aside from that, there were new attack skills like [Rune of Saber], [Triple Attack], [Sonic Strike] and [Mighty Slash].

There was one other skill that intrigued me, though. It was called [Surpass Limits].

This skill increases one's physical abilities for a short period of time, at the cost of heavy stamina drain, and requires one to sacrifice their health as well.

Basically, it was an all-or-nothing skill that was meant to sacrifice oneself for the sake of a power-up.

I could imagine the protagonist of an anime using this skill in the final boss fight.

Mitsurugi had this skill, too, but rarely felt the need to use it for its heavy downsides.

But unlike Mitsurugi, I had the Drain Touch skill, so it wasn't such a big sacrifice for me.

Also, isn't this skill just kaioken?

"Oi, why didn't you sell me to unlock Swordmaster?"

I said to the crystal ball.

…That class doesn't really suit your build. Well, I'm sure you'll find some way to abuse it.

This thing was already getting familiar with me.

I ended up switching to Swordmaster. It was an advanced class, anyway, so there was no sense in not taking a dip.

And levels come so easily nowadays that I could just switch in and out of these classes.

As for the rest of the skill points, I saved them for now, just in case I needed to level up any of the new class skills.

Part 6

The next day, I went to school in person.

I left the three clones to study at home.

"Morning, Kazuma-kun…"

When Lia saw me come in, she looked at me closely.

Could it be that she noticed something?

"...Hm… I'm glad you're feeling better today."

She really did sense something was off!

I felt a bit touched, knowing that my friends were familiar with me to sense if I was replaced by a clone.

"Thank you, Lia. You're such a good friend."

She looked at me strangely.

"I mean, I know I am, but what's this about?"

I simply patted her shoulder.

Since it was Saturday, it was only a half-day.

I finished lunch with Darkness and Rin, before heading to soccer practice. .

I needed to make up for my clone's mistakes and put in much harder effort than before, not only on the skill development side, but also during the runs.

Although I didn't even get tired after running several laps around the pitch.

Compared to the beginning, when I couldn't even complete that quest to run for 30 minutes…

I smiled fondly at those memories.

Only to realize that my stats weren't going up at all.

"..."

I really hit a big wall now, huh?

Well, I wasn't even getting tired from running anymore.

I guess a superhuman body needs superhuman level training in order to improve it.

…My work ethic had increased a lot recently, but I wasn't sure if I could handle the typical shounen protagonist's training regimen.

When practice was over, I approached Mitsurugi. Since he was a swordmaster, I wanted to ask him for advice.

"Eh? You're a swordmaster now, Kazuma? You wanna join the club?"

I couldn't tell if he was serious or not, until he pulled out a business card.

It was an actual club.

"...What do you even do in this club?"

"Exchange information, socialize, things like that."

"No, I'm fine. Do all advanced classes have these kinds of clubs?"

"Yeah, I've seen them around in app-user forums."

This seemed like a huge waste of time.

"In terms of advice I can give you… Well, I'd say that it's best to just invest all your skill points in increasing your sword and armor skill, as well as stat gains. After that, you can also increase the rank of Rune of Saber. The other skill points you can add to the other skills only when those are prioritized."

"I see. So that's why you just keep spamming the same move over and over."

"...You make it seem like I'm a one-dimensional type of character! I use [Overwhelm] and [Rune Thief] sometimes, too!"

Still, Mitsurugi's skill point spread was normally the best route to go.

Investing your skill points in a bunch of random skills is usually inefficient. I was the anomaly here.

And as such, this advice was pretty useless to me.

There's no point in dedicating myself to the Swordmaster build, anyway, since both Iris and Mitsurugi had it.

Also, he didn't even mention [Surpass Limits] at all.

I guess that really was seen as an inefficient skill by the other Swordmasters.

I still had the rest of the afternoon available, so I went to the naginata club room to see if Darkness and Lia were still there.

As expected, they were also finishing up as well.

"Oh, Kazuma-kun. Sorry, we already finished. I can go for a spar right now if you want, though!"

Terada-senpai said, when he saw me.

"I'm fine. Call me up if you need me in any tournaments, though."

"Will do!"

Darkness smiled at me and said,

"Kazuma! I managed to win a match against Lia today!"

Lia chuckled and gave a thumb up to Darkness.

"It's because you've been working hard, Darkness."

They shared a small chuckle.

I bet Lia won 10 times to Darkness's one victory, though.

"By the way, Kazuma…"

Lia said, giving me a weak smile as she pressed her fingers together.

I already knew this was gonna be about her room again.

"I got it."

"...The fact you already know what I'm talking about… Well, it's cool that you know me so well now, but it also makes me feel a bit guilty."

At least she was aware of it.

…

…

After I arrived at Lia's place, I stared at all the trash in her room.

"..."

How did it get this bad already?!

I turned to Lia and said,

"We're really good friends now, right?"

She gave me a small smile.

"Yup."

"You don't need to invent reasons for me to come over, you know?"

"I'm not doing this on purpose! It just happened!"

"I don't buy that one bit! You're way too smart and responsible to be this sloppy! It's not even possible!"

And so, I set about the task of cleaning her room.

Once I finally finished, Lia put her hands together.

"Sorry! I'll make it up to you! Here's the premium Hokkaido pudding I was saving to reward myself!"

She presented the pudding to me as if it was a precious artifact.

As if I could accept it after she said all that.

"Nah, you can have it."

"Kazuma, you're the best!"

She said, giving me a hug, before pulling away while giving a weak chuckle and averting her eyes.

"Sorry, I got too excited there."

I smiled and said,

"I said before that I won't get weird ideas, right?"

The old me would be trying to hook up with a girl like Lia by any means possible.

Not only was she my favorite idol even before I discovered her secret, she was also an incredibly beautiful girl.

But right now, I've mellowed down.

I mean, I'm even a father now.

So I didn't get any weird thoughts as I pulled her in for a friendly hug.

She eventually hugged me again, smiling as she rested her chin against my shoulder.

"Kazuma, you're the best, you know that?"

"I know!"

"You're so sure of yourself."

The hug lingered, perhaps a beat longer than a friendly hug, before Lia separated.

"Hey, Kazuma…"

She looked up at me nervously.

…Eh? Was this gonna be a confession?

Even though I already resolved to stay friends with her?!

…I guess my high charisma really had an effect on her after all!

No, there really was a serious mood forming.

The tension kept building.

"Kazuma… Actually, I…"

She took a deep breath, then stared me in the eyes.

"...I'm part of an idol group."
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, NightSight, Krosus987 and 202 others
BoringBone
May 16, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 55: A Revelation From This Idol!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
May 26, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,363
Chapter 55: A Revelation From This Idol!

Part 1

"...I'm part of an idol group."

Lia said, repeating herself.

"Yeah, I heard you."

Why did she repeat herself?

She was like an anime character summarizing what happened in the last episode.

"Well… You weren't responding, so… I guess it's a shock, huh?"

No, I wasn't responding because I knew all along.

I was just trying to decide whether I should keep playing like an oblivious dumbass or tell her the truth.

…Of course I had to tell her the truth, right?

It wasn't like I wanted to lie to her all this time, there just wasn't a good opportunity to actually say it.

But what if she hates me for keeping it to myself?

If that's really the case, then I should just man up and accept what's coming to me.

"Lia… Um… I'll just say it… I knew the whole time."
"Eh?! H-How did you know?!"

She exclaimed in schock.

Oi… Did she really think I was stupid?!

Even without the app, there were so many instances where a normal person would have picked up on it, right?!

Still, I kept going with my confession.

I rubbed the back of my head and said,

"...Actually, I've been a fan of you and Axel Hearts this whole time. Sorry, I didn't tell you the truth."

I bowed to her in apology.

She didn't respond, so I looked up and saw that she had her hand over her mouth.

"I-I see…"

Crap… I blew it.

From her early bond descriptions, I knew that Lia was interested in me as a friend, because I had nothing to do with her idol activities.

She saw me as a reprieve from her secret identity.

But now, she just found out that I was a fan who pretended not to know about her idol life.

That was… kinda creepy, wasn't it?

For all she knew, I could have been a stalker. This could have all been an elaborate plan to get closer to my favorite idol, to be invited to her house…

"Hah… So it's like that, huh…? Sorry, I put you in a tough position, didn't I?"

To my surprise, she bowed to me.

She was the one apologizing.

"No… It was my fault for telling you."

"And what were you gonna say? You'd tell your classmate that you know they're an idol?"

…I guess that was kind of an impossible topic to bring up.

"No… But I could have said something as we got closer."

She chuckled and said,

"Yeah, you could have. But I could have been honest way earlier, too. So… I guess we're both to blame? Or maybe it's better to say that no one is to blame."

She rubbed her chin in contemplation.

…She really was so mature.

It was hard to think that we were the same age.

I got that feeling from Rin, too.

Although Rin is a younger girl.

Maybe I'm just the immature one.

"So, uh… What now?"

I asked, tentatively, not sure how to proceed from this friendship onwards.

She gave me an uneasy smile.

"I don't know… I mean, there aren't a lot of people who face this kinda situation, huh?"

I chuckled, seeing her having such a hard time finding her words.

Not like I wasn't on the same boat.

"...Isn't it weird to know that I'm your fan?"

She narrowed her eyes at me.

"That depends… How much of a fan are you?"

She was trying to gauge my power level.

"...I know all your solo verses by heart. I have a picture of all of your different outfit combos on my phone. I'm also RNGod in the Lia Fan Club forum."

She blinked her eyes and said,

"Eh? Wait… That's a bit more than I expected."

I didn't expect to feel this embarrassed. I looked down at my feet while blushing.

Gahh! I shouldn't have said all that!

If I was just a casual fan, this wouldn't be such a big deal.

But I pretty much just outed myself as the biggest Lia fanboy ever!

OK, fine, I'll admit it.

I'm an idol otaku, OK?!

And Lia is my oshi!

I mean, what do you expect from a former NEET like me?

You think I wouldn't have an oshi or two?!

I was even into Vtubers during that time!

"W-Wait, Kazuma! This is starting to feel like a love confession, isn't it?!"

She blushed and covered her chest, backing away.

"...Since when?! Don't worry, a true idol otaku always keeps their distance away from their oshi!"

"Distance, huh?! Even though you've been to my house three times now… And we even hugged and cuddled and held hands!"

OK, now I was really looking like a stalker otaku.

"Wait, Lia, you said that I'm not at fault, right? So why are you backing away from me like that!"

"That was before I found out you were that infamous RNGod in the forums! I remember you! You're that guy who started so many thirst threads about me on the forum! You were always on the verge of being banned! But you had so many connections among the other fans, and were one of the original fans of Axel Hearts. The mods could never bring themselves to ban you! New members would complain because others kept getting banned for the same things you were doing, but you were untouchable because of the favoritism of the mods!"

…I didn't know that Lia was that involved in the fan forum.

Good for her. Not all idols care about what their fans are doing to this extent.

Or maybe she was just a chronic egosurfer.

"T-That was my dark past, OK?! I'm sorry for that, but I'm a changed man!"

I almost blurted out, 'I'm a father now!', but that would just make things more complicated.

"...Your dark past… Ah, that was probably during the time when you were hospitalized, right? Sorry… I guess you did have a good reason… Maybe you felt lonely?"

Lia remembered my lie about being sick during my NEET period.

And she was looking at me with pity now, even holding my hand.

Another one of my lies was coming back to bite me.

No wonder why my Cunning stat is so high, I'm just a filthy liar!

I averted my eyes and said,

"Um… I wasn't really sick…"

"Hah?"

She gave me a stony expression while letting go of my hand.

"...I just had the teacher give that excuse for me. In truth, I was just a NEET that whole time because of a childhood trauma…"

"Well… Childhood trauma is no joke… What happened?"

I turned away and said,

"I saw my childhood friend who I promised to marry going home one day in the back of a senpai's bike."

Lia had a sympathetic look and said,

"I'm sorry that happened to you…"

"Buuuut…"

"..."

Another stony expression came over her face as I added more to the story.

"...It turns out that childhood trauma was based on a misunderstanding by me, and I reconciled with my childhood friend who wasn't even to blame for it… Haha…"

"W-Well, misunderstandings happen."

"That senpai of hers was actually her cousin… And he wasn't even a senpai. He was younger than me. He just had a growth spurt."

Lia grit her teeth, obviously becoming annoyed, but keeping her emotions in check.

"Y-You couldn't have known…"

"...Also, I was the one who taught that cousin of hers how to ride a bike… Haha. Ironic, right?"

"..."

Ah, she was looking at me like I was garbage.

"O-Oi! Even if the misunderstanding is my fault, I was seriously heartbroken during that time! Axel Hearts was one of the things that kept me afloat, so…"

"...I can understand that, but what was with all the lewd threads about me?"

My face went completely red.

"Well, I was horny, and I had a lot of time, so…"

"D-Don't tell me you've… You know… To me before…"

I stared her right in the eyes.

"That's a given, isn't it?"

If she was asking 'have you jerked off to me before?'.

I mean, the answer was obvious.

I was even about to request Lia in the succubus shop before.

But Vanir showed up to sign autographs for the succubi and interrupted me.

"Kazuma! Even if this is all true, you should have just kept this to yourself!"

She covered her face as an insane blush came on.

"Hah?! We both agreed to tell each other the truth, right?! You can't blame me if you don't like the truth! And besides, even if I wasn't a fan of you, I was gonna do that eventually! You think that guys don't use their attractive female friends as material?!"

"No way! There's no way guys are horny enough to do that!"

"Of course we are! Don't be so naive! Also, you should know that all your fans use you as material, too!"

"OK, stop talking about that! If you want to preserve what little is left of my respect for you, stop it!"

We were both out of breath at the end of my tirade.

…Ah, another girl who was disillusioned about me.

Just like with Rin, who viewed me as a cool, reliable senpai at the start, but now she was aware of all my flaws.

And now Lia was the same.

But to my surprise, Lia chuckled and said,

"Geez… How can we be 'just friends' now, huh?"

She said, while taking my hand again.

I was surprised by the gesture, but I was also relieved that she did it.

We eventually found ourselves sitting on her bed while holding hands.

…I honestly couldn't tell what the mood was.

Lia was just staring in contemplation with a faraway look.

After a while, she said,

"To be honest, I'm really confused about us right now, Kazuma."

"Well… That's understandable."

Are we an idol and fan, or are we friends?

The lines were all blurring.

Most of my relationships so far have been pretty straightforward.

With Lia, I didn't even know what I wanted with her.

She was so fun to be with, and I really did want to be friends with her.

But at the same time, how can I be 'just friends' with someone I was clearly attracted to, whose idol persona I was a huge fan of?

She was right, how can we stay as 'just friends' at this rate?

"How about this? What if Kazuma becomes 'More than a fan, less than a friend'?"

"...Why am I getting a demotion?"

Also, that phrase gave me a kind of nostalgic feeling, for some reason.

"Well, then… What do you think we should do?"

I rubbed the back of my head, then said,

"How about we just see where this goes?"

It was a generic and borderline irresponsible response, but…

The fact that I could even talk to her like this, and how we could share secrets like this, it already showed me that Lia and I had something special.

How special was it? Was it a romantic kind of special, or something completely platonic?

I had no idea.

But that didn't mean that I'd stop seeing her just because of some confusion.

She ended up smiling as she leaned her head on my shoulder.

"Yeah… You're right."

And so, it felt like things went back to normal again.

"...So, uh… Can you change into your idol outfit right now…?"

"Oi."

I ended up pushing my luck at the end.

Part 2

Although Lia never did put on that idol outfit…

"Here you go."

She said, as she placed tea down on the living room table.

I looked at Lia.

Her class rep look was gone.

Instead, she was in idol mode, or I guess, this was her real appearance.

Her long, silky black hair was let down and her circular, class-rep glasses were gone, showing her expressive, beautiful eyes.

She sat down next to me.

"Gulp…"

"...Kazuma, did I just hear you 'gulp'?"

I got nervous and did such a thing.

It was a bit harder to keep my composure once the real Lia was beside me.

After the heavy discussion we just went through, Lia wanted to keep things light again.

And so, we went down to her living room to watch some Netflix like last time.

This time, though, I froze in place as Lia hugged my arm, smiling as she rested her head against my shoulder.

Looking at her like this, with her hair down, silky strands hanging off my shoulders…

Crap, I was getting excited.

I always knew she was that Lia, but I guess the appearance really made a difference.

She was much more approachable with those braids and thick glasses.

Now, a nationally famous idol was cuddling with me.

…This would be a scandal if it was ever leaked.

Especially since Lia had a seiso image.

"Humu… This is difficult…"

"Yeah, picking something to watch is always pretty hard, huh?"

She said, while scanning through different shows with her remote.

As if I was thinking about something as inconsequential as that.

Rather… Lia really is a good friend.

Even after all those admissions I made, she took my words seriously and we were back to normal now.

I couldn't tell if she was just acting, or if she really did feel at peace with me.

In order not to betray her trust, I kept my thoughts in order.

All the while, I was thinking to myself…

You don't need another girlfriend! You already have so many!

Respect what you currently have with Lia!

By repeating those mantras, I was able to maintain my calm as Lia finally picked a movie to watch.

It just had to be a romance movie.

Furthermore…

"Oh, yes! I love it! Give it to me… harder…!"

"..."

There just had to be a sex scene in the middle of it.

…Even if it's softcore, it still made the mood awkward.

"Uh… Maybe I should have read the content warning more… Haha…"

Lia awkwardly chuckled as she took the remote to skip the scene.

Only to drop the remote.

"Whoops…"

When she went down to pick it up, her face went down to my thigh, her cheek brushing against it for a moment.

She grunted as the remote rolled down under the couch.

…Having her head so close to there is criminal!

Not to mention I can feel her breath as she grunted in exertion.

Not only that…

"Let me borrow you for a sec."

She said, as she rested her cheek against my thigh, while holding onto it for leverage. Then she continued making increasingly provocative grunting sounds as she reached for the remote.

Eris-sama have mercy!

"Oi… Are you doing that on purpose…?"

"Doing what?"

I could feel her hot breath against my knee as she spoke.

"Just go down there and get it!"

"...I guess I shouldn't be so lazy."

I finally got her to remove herself from this awkward position.

Only to have her go down on her knees in front of me, as she fiddled around under the couch to get the remote, her head lowered, getting closer and closer between my legs.

From this angle… Well, you know what it looked like. Her head even kept bobbing as she tried and failed to get the remote.

"..."

If I didn't know that Lia wasn't that kind of girl, I would have already been unzipping my pants right about now.

I would have assumed she was seducing me.

This is the kind of teasing Aqua would pull if she wanted me to do her hard that night.

Not only that, but that sex scene was still on the TV.

…With the actress making the same movements as Lia, on her knees, bobbing her head for the male lead.

Yeah, I was full-mast right now.

Who wouldn't be?!

"Let me get it."

I said, getting up before Lia looked up and got an eyeful of my hard on.

She moved to the side and I reached under the couch.

"...What the hell is this?"

No wonder why she was having trouble finding it.

I pulled out a book from under the couch.

She glanced away.

"Um… How did that get there?"

I kept digging. Chopsticks, lipstick, a calculator, even an important looking document related to her job.

"Is there a pocket dimension down there?!"

A whole bunch of things kept coming out.

"Are you a kid?! A kid who deals with messes by shoving things under the bed and the couch?!"

She blushed and said,

"Sorry, OK?! I'm just really busy with everything!"

I really didn't buy that excuse at all.

This kind of sloppiness is inherent.

All of a sudden, I was able to see Lia normally again.

She really is that same Lia.

Even if she looks… Well, frankly, she looks absolutely stunning without the disguise.

But she's still Lia at the end of the day.

I ended up cheating and creating a mini-golem from all the dirt under the sofa.

And yes, it was that dirty.

I then used [Golem Scrying] to look through the golem's eyes and find the remote.

"Here it is."

I said, once the golem handed me the remote.

"Oh, you got it!"

By then, the sex scene had already passed, though.

We went back to the sofa with Lia going back to cuddling me. I also held her hand, feeling more comfortable now.

Well… I still found her insanely attractive, but that didn't mean that I needed to seduce her, or anything.

I mean, some day, if Lia herself initiated it…

I couldn't help but think about those kinds of thoughts.

Are platonic relationships really this hard to maintain?!

I guess there's always an underlying sexual tension between boy and girl friends, huh?

But still… If a platonic relationship is what's natural for us, I won't force anything.

I just want to be with Lia, no matter what our relationship might look like.

…

…

After we finished the movie, it was time for me to head home.

"Thanks for… you know. That could have ended in a disaster, but it all worked out."

Lia said, giving me a big hug.

I chuckled and hugged her back, giving her soft rubs on her hair.

"Yeah, same."

"Sorry if I was judgemental… I mean, you were just being honest."

"No, I did terrorize that fan thread, so I deserve it."

She chuckled and said,

"Now that I think about it, RNGod stopped posting around the same time you went to school."

I nodded and gave a thumb up.

"That was the moment I stopped being a HikiNEET."

"And in the future, you'd end up becoming my friend, huh?"

"Do friends give each other kisses on the cheek?"

She tilted her head questioningly.

"I mean, I give them to Erika and Cielo."

…Yeah, she's never really had a male friend. I believe that now more than ever.

"Hm… So it's fine if I give you one, too?"
"Sure."

She smiled while turning her cheek, presenting it to me, even tapping it with a finger.

…This girl sure is defenseless.

I leaned in and gave her a peck on the cheek.

She chuckled as I drew back.

"See? It's natural, right?"

I mean, it did feel natural, surprisingly enough.

She saw me off as I left her house, waving as I headed out.

After I walked far enough, I teleported back home.

Part 3

When I got home, I went to the kitchen to get some water. Aika-chan came up to me and said,

"Papa, your quest list got a new update."

Finally.

After remaining stagnant for so long, I had some new quests.

Defeat the 60th floor boss! Quest Reward: Random Loot Box

Increase your 'Luck' to 150! Quest Reward: You gain the title [Luck is a skill]

Create 'Legendary' grade clothing! Quest Reward: You gain the [Cosmetic Armor] skill

…I know that quests get more difficult the higher level you are.

But isn't this too ridiculous?!

I have to go all the way to the 60th floor just to get a random loot box now?!

I sighed and put my phone aside.

"By the way, papa, can I come with you and mama to the casino?"

Aika-chan asked, batting her eyes at me.

"...No, you're too young. They won't let you in."

"Ehhh… But you can just modify my body and make me bigger…"

Well, I guess that was true.

But still, I'm supposed to be raising Aika-chan. Would it really be a good example to teach her how to gamble?

"Listen, Aika-chan, gambling is bad…"

"Eh, then why are mama and papa gonna do it now? Are you two bad?"

…Raising a super A.I. daughter sure is challenging.

In the end, she convinced us to bring her along.

I then used [Golem Manipulation] to give her an adult body.

"Well, how do I look, papa?"

Once the transformation was complete, Aika-chan placed a hand on her hip and winked at me.

"..."

What do you do when your daughter suddenly grows up and looks like a supermodel?

She had Aqua's looks, with some slight differences, such as white streaks on the tips of her hair, which almost looked like sea foam.

But aside from that, they had similar bodies, medium-sized breasts and perfect curves.

Furthermore, she had been wearing my jersey, but now I could almost see her panties, as the jersey got stretched and filled with her grown-up body.

"...I should make you less attractive."

"What does that mean, papa?!"

Before I could do anything, Aqua came into the kitchen. She looked at Aika-chan and blinked.

"Mama, it's me!"

"Eh? Aika-chan… Why do you look like some kind of floozy?!"

What a thing to say about your own daughter.

She gave Aika-chan some of her clothes to wear. Then, looking at her body…

"Hm… Don't you look more like my sister than my daughter now?"

They both looked like the same age, after all.

"Eh… But mama is mama!"
Aika-chan giggled, while hugging Aqua. Aika-chan then went on to say,

"And I want to eventually 'grow-up', anyway, even if it's just papa changing my body."

Aqua rubbed the back of her head and said,

"Um… But goddesses don't really age, though… So you'll look older than me, Aika-chan?"

"Eh?! Is that true?! Then, I won't grow past the age of 17! That way we can look the same forever!"

And what? I'll keep growing up and looking like I was dating a 17 year old with a 17 year old daughter?

I sighed and tried not to think about that.

"...For now, don't call me papa while we're in the casino, Aika-chan."

"Oh, should I call you daddy instead?"

"That will just make things more complicated. Just call me Kazuma."

"...No way. That feels weird. Why don't I call you what mama calls you? 'Baby'."

I blushed as Aqua started chuckling.

"Oi!!! I told you not to spy on me and your mama when we're in bed! Also that's even weirder!"

"...And I told you last time, if you don't want me to hear, then just turn off your phone!"

"Just turn yourself off!"

"D-Did papa just tell me to turn myself off?! So cruel!"

…I learned by now that there's no use arguing with Aika-chan, so I just told her to call me whatever she wanted.

…

…

We put on the formal outfits I made during our Disneyland trip before heading to the casino.

Of course, there weren't really any legal casinos in Japan.

But with the dungeon, I can create a door anywhere in the world.
And so, I created a door in the most famous place for casinos, Las Vegas.

"Whoa… Look at all those lights! So pretty! And look at all these people!"

Aika-chan said, looking around in wonder.

"Maybe we should get something to eat first. I mean, we're already here, right?"

Aqua said, already drooling as she looked at a hotdog stand.

Well, this was my first time outside of the country. Might as well enjoy it.

We took a brochure with all the major restaurants and attractions.

"Hm… I think I saw this on TV…"

I said, pointing to a restaurant called 'Hell's Kitchen'.

We decided to check it out.

We moved along the busy strips, trying to pull Aika-chan in as she got distracted by all the amusements.

There were mascots trying to bait tourists into taking pictures with them, scantily clad women offering a suspicious service, and so much lights that you'd see dots in your vision if you stared long enough.

We made it to the Hell's Kitchen restaurant, with Aika-chan wanting to take a selfie in front of a Gordon Ramsay picture first.

When we got in, a waiter greeted us and led us to our seats.

I felt a bit overdressed, since the other guests were wearing more smart-casual than full-on formal wear.

There was even a guy who was just wearing a shirt and shorts, along with a baseball hat.

Although he had a shiny Rolex on, so maybe he was one of those secret billionaires.

"...How come no one is yelling?"

I said, looking around as we were seated by a waiter.

Aika-chan rolled her eyes.

"Papa… Do you really think the restaurant is like the show? They only do that when they're recording… Besides, this is the regular staff, not contestants, working."

Slightly disappointed, I ordered a lobster risotto and a toffee pudding.

"I'll have the chef's choice wine pairings, please!"

Aqua said, earning the waiter's questioning look.

"May I see an ID, ma'am?"

Since we all looked underaged, he said this.

Of course, I came prepared.

We took out the IDs that Sena prepared for us.

We also had passports, just in case.

Sena even told us that the FBI personally made these IDs, so that we wouldn't have any trouble.

Having the support of pretty much every country in the world sure is useful.

And a bit overwhelming.

So I tried not to think too hard about it.

After the meal, we did some sightseeing around Vegas.

"We should take the others here, too!"

Aqua said, after we took some more selfies, especially as we saw a fountain show outside the Bellagio resort.

"Yeah, we should go on some more trips around the world."

There was no reason not to, especially with the doors.

Even with everything going on, it wasn't good to just work all the time.

After some sightseeing, we chose a casino to go to.

This ended up being a casino at the Venetian resort.

"Ohhh! This place is amazing!"

Aqua said, looking around the Italian inspired interior.

I had never seen anything like this before in Japan. Even someone like me who hated it when normies took pictures of everything, couldn't help but snap a bunch of pictures.

I took pictures of columns and the grand chandeliers hanging down, along with the art pieces on the walls.

Once we finished looking around, we headed to the casino.

"Alright, are you girls ready?"

I said, turning to Aqua and Aika-chan.

"Aika-chan is ready!"

"Let's win a bunch of money!"

And so, we entered the casino.

Part 4

"...Kazuma. I need more cash."

"Hah?"

Aqua said, coming back to me after only five minutes of gambling.

I even went so far as to give them the equivalent of 1,000 USD each.

I knew this would be bad, but I didn't know it'd be this bad!

Meanwhile, with Aika…

"Everyone! This person is hitting on me even though I told him I'm undersage!"

"Ack…!"

She ended up being rather popular.

The dress that I altered for her grown-up body made her look even more of a beauty.

Aqua was also getting a lot of attention at the start, but she lost her popularity as soon as she started losing.

But Aika-chan was winning pretty consistently, so she got plenty of attention.

The security guards came to escort out the guy who was trying to hit on her.

…Since when did my daughter become jailbait?

"Listen, Aqua, I'm not gonna let you spend any more of my money without a plan! What have you been doing, anyway?"

"...Just roulette."

"I know there's no such thing as a skill-based game in a casino. It's all rigged. But you need to pick something that doesn't rely entirely on luck, like poker or blackjack!"

"Ugh… Kazuma, I'm self-aware enough to know that I'll lose in those games, anyway! I have the ability to learn from past lessons!"

That was admirable and pitiful at the same time.

"Alright, let's do this…"

Since I was confident that my luck would allow me to unlock this class in no time, I decided to help Aqua first.

What I did was create a tiny golem that would fit inside her ear.

This golem would then function as an undetectable earpiece.

I then had Aqua go to a poker table and watched from afar.

I began to feed her instructions through the golem earpiece, using the max rank [Golem Scrying] to speak through the golem.

Now, there was no way I was good enough with poker to help her out.

Luck aside, I had never played poker before, at least not in a casino with real money involved.

And so, I created more tiny golems.

I ordered them to look under the cards of the dealer and the other players.

Yes, we resorted to cheating.

I mean, I would lose all my money if Aqua did this normally.

And so, using this method, Aqua went on an insane winning streak.

"Mwahaha! I'm unstoppable!"

"Aqua, retreat."

"Eh, why?"

That was because she'd get kicked out or get accused of card counting at this rate.

Plus, she already met the 100,000 Yen winnings requirement to unlock the Gambler class.

Next, it was my turn.

I was about to sit down at a table, and…

"Papa, you've unlocked the Gambler class!"

"Eh…?"

Aika-chan held out her winnings.

"I did it for you, so you unlocked the class!"

I see.

Of course, my golems could be used for this purpose as well.

I didn't even have to do anything myself.

"Yosh, I'm spending all my winnings on booze!"

Aqua said, running to the bar.

"Oi, before that…"

I pulled Aqua back.

It was time for her to respec her stats.

"Sniff… Do I really have to do this?"

Aqua said, as I handed her the respec mirror.

"...You can always put points into those party skills later, but your luck really needs to improve now!"

"Sniff… But you let Megumin keep putting her points on explosion!"

Did she really love those party skills that much?

She was fighting so hard to keep them.

"At least explosion has a real use and has saved us so much in the past! What have party tricks ever done?! Is the Demon King going to be defeated by a party trick?! No way!"

"Ugh… Fine… Goodbye, my darlings…"

She tearfully activated the respect mirror.

She received 50 skill points back.

…This girl really spent 50 skill points on party tricks?!

Not only that, she even had those party tricks at Rank 10! All of them!

Using the gambler class, she then put all of those points on her 'Luck'.

"Congrats… You can now function like a normal person."

"...Let me try it out."

Excited to try her luck, Aqua went back into the casino.

"K-Kazuma! I'm still losing money! How is this possible?!"

I mean, what did she expect?

Unless you had the luck of the gods, of course you'd lose all your money in the casino.

…

…

We went home after Aqua lost all of her winnings.

Meanwhile, Aika-chan bought a bunch of souvenirs and brought them home to the others.

While she was doing that, I went to my room to look at the Gambler class.

The available skills were [Raise Luck], [High Roller], [Big Winnings], [VIP Treatment] and [Bluff].

Since I hadn't unlocked the swordmaster skills yet, I put the gambler class on hold.

The main goal of that casino visit was to try and raise Aqua's luck to average levels, anyway.

There was also something I wanted to try before calling it a night.

I learned the Advanced Magic skill, but I still needed to learn the spells.

So I went to Yunyun's room and asked her to do [Soul Transfer] like I did with Aqua.

"Um… I think that'll be tricky, Kazuma-san…"

She said, once I explained the idea to her.

"Hm? It's fine, I won't do any mean tricks to Yunyun's body once we switch."

"That's not it! Um, actually Advanced Magic requires you to actually study the spells in a spell tome or scroll… You don't automatically learn it like with Intermediate magic or other skills…"

"...How long did it take Yunyun to learn Advanced Magic?"

"At least a couple days."

Yeah, there was no way I was going to do that with [Soul Transfer].

Just in case, I asked the crystal ball for advice.

Rank 5 [Soul Transfer] will allow you to switch souls with a body for a maximum of 5 minutes.

So that was that.

"Sorry, Kazuma-san… I didn't mean to disappoint you…"

I smiled at her.

"What's there to apologize for?"

I sat on her bed. She was already wearing her pajamas, looking so cute.

I couldn't help it and leaned in to kiss her.

"Mnn…!"

She let out an adorable little squeak, but let me kiss her.

This Yunyun… She's always apologizing even though it's not her fault.

I should really raise her self-esteem…

"You're so cute, Yunyun."

She blushed, but before she could deny it, I kissed her again.

Then, after thirty minutes of kissing her whenever she tried to deny my compliments…

"OK! I get it! I'm cute! I'm really cute!"

I overwhelmed her with love and affection until she caved in.

Part 5

"Uoooughhh!"

"K-Kazuma… This is too humiliating even for me…!"

"Stop squirming around! Gahhhh!"

The next day, after I got home from school, I asked Darkness to do me a favor.

That is, to let me lift her.

My stats weren't going up from regular physical training.

While my soccer knowledge was getting better from practice and playing in games, my stats had hit a wall.

And so, I decided to increase the weights.

That's why I was currently in the frontyard with Darkness, as I attempted to deadlift her.

Of course, she also had her adamantite armor on.

The security guards, who were supposed to watch over the property, were distracted by the unusual sight.

Iris looked at what I was doing with a confused look on her face.

"...Onii-sama… You're always doing something strange…"

"This is for the sake of saving the world, Iris…!"

"Is it?"

She didn't look convinced as I lifted the blushing Darkness, who was covering her face.

After I managed to lift Darkness a few times…

"You learned the skill [Surpass Limits]!"

[Surpass Limits] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp)

Double your physical stats for 30 seconds. Upon doing so, you will rapidly lose stamina and health points for this duration. If your stamina/health is below 20, you cannot use this skill.

I dropped Darkness once I learned the skill.

"Kazuma… Y-You're really going all out with the sadistic treatment, huh? What are you gonna do next…?"

Despite Darkness's complaints, she looked up at me with a dreamy look on her face.

I ignored this masochist for now and moved on to the other Swordmaster skills.

As for the other skills, I approached Mitsurugi.

"Let me swap bodies with you, Mitsurugi."

I said to him, when I found him chatting with Megumin in the kitchen while they were eating onigiri.

Mitsurugi turned to Megumin with a raised brow, silently asking her what I meant. She said,

"I don't know what this pervert is planning… But I'm not doing body swap play with you two, if that's what you're asking."

What the hell was she imagining?

Could it be that Megumin's imagination was more depraved than Darkness's?

Once I explained it, Mitsurugi went to the front yard with me. Darkness had already gone back inside, probably to 'take care' of her needs.

"You know, Satou… There is value in learning skills on your own…"

"Do you gain a bonus from doing that?"

"...Well, no, not really."

"Then what value are you talking about? And if you're gonna talk like an old man and mention 'character' and 'discipline', just forget about it."

"Whatever, just take my body already!"

At this point, the guards didn't even react anymore.

I performed the [Soul Transfer] with Mitsurugi.

Then I proceeded to do all the remaining skills in the Swordmaster class.

The reason why I didn't use [Surpass Limits] in this way was because I knew that it was a potentially dangerous skill.

Since it was my first time using it, I didn't want to cause damage to Mitsurugi's body while I was borrowing it.

I'm such a considerate friend, I know.

After we switched bodies back…

You learned all the Swordmaster skills!

[Rune of Saber] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (20 mp)

Unleash a wave of latent energy from your sword with a range of 60 feet. Creatures hit by the 20-foot wide wave will receive 30 slashing damage plus your Strength modifier (+10). They are also knocked back 10-feet away.

[Triple Attack] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp)

Attack three times in quick succession. The second attack is made with 50% accuracy, and the third attack is made with 25% accuracy.

[Sonic Strike] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp)

Disappear in a blur of speed while attacking. You are considered 'invisible' during this attack.

[Mighty Slash] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp)

Attack your enemy with an empowered slash from any direction. Deals +2 slashing damage and the attack will have +10% critical hit chance and damage.

[Sword Rank-Up] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

All sword related skills have their max Skill Rank increase to Rank 6. However, the skill points required to level those skills increases by 2 skill points.

…Aside from [Rune of Saber] and [Surpass Limits], all the other skills were just improvements of the attack skills [Double Attack], [Flash Attack] and [Power Slash].

The martial classes were pretty straightforward, huh?

Well, that's always been the case, at least compared to the spellcaster classes.

Aside from [Sonic Strike], which could be used well in emergency situations, I didn't think I'd ever have a use for the other skills, though.

[Rune of Saber] was powerful, but I could deal more damage with my archery.

It was also very similar to [Wind Blade] anyway.

But I suppose if one only had the Swordmaster class, it was an invaluable skill that makes up for the class's lack of ranged attacks.

I suppose that was why the [Rune of Saber] build was currently the meta in the Swordmaster community.

But for a multiclasser like me, it was a pretty mediocre attack.

The scaling on it was probably insane if I invested skill points into it, though.

On another note…

The growth slowed down, but I was still earning a lot of level ups thanks to the golem farm.

I have been level 58 since yesterday.

I took this chance to switch to the Gambler class next, after unlocking everything in the Swordmaster class.

The class already came with [Raise Luck] by default.

As for the other skills…

I went on a solo trip back to Vegas to unlock them.

"...This guy is on a crazy winning streak!"

A crowd gathered around me as I kept winning in poker.

I didn't push my luck, though.

Once I had about 200,000 Yen in winnings, I left the casino.

I then went to a buffet inside the resort, treating myself as I checked out my new skills.

I took a plate and filled it with prime rib steak, lamb chops and some more risotto, since I really enjoyed that from last time.

While enjoying the food, I checked my phone.

"...Papa, did you go to Vegas without me?! And I see you're enjoying quite the spread!!!"

Only to be met with an irate Aika-chan.

"You can come here anytime you want."

"But it's more fun if papa is there… Hmph. Fine, I'll go on an all girls night out with mama and the others!"

An all girls night-out in Vegas…

Should I be concerned?

I should send a golem to come along with them just in case.

Once I managed to calm Aika-chan down, I looked at the skills.

[High Roller] Skill Rank: 1, Passive skill

When you land a critical hit, you will deal increased damage according to your Luck modifier (+10)

[Big Winnings] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

When you win from gambling, you will receive a 10% increase in winnings

[VIP Treatment] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Your chances of being kicked out of a casino or place of gambling is reduced by 10%. You will also be treated as a VIP in any establishment that has such services

[Bluff] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (5 mp)

Increase the effectiveness of any skill that uses Cunning as a skill check by +10

…[Bluff] and [High Roller] were the ones that caught my eye more.

Of course, lots of my skills ended up using Cunning.

Such as [Steal] and [Lurk].

So [Bluff] was an instant power boost in that regard.

And then there was [High Roller].

Right now, my passive critical hit chance is 10%.

That could be improved if I raise [Critical Boost], though.

Also, with [Merciless Slash] and [Mighty Slash], I could further increase that chance.

…As a gamer, I know how OP critical hit builds are.

It also didn't matter if my skill points were invested all over the place if my critical hit chance was so high. That would more than take care of my damage output.

After finishing my meal, I teleported back to my dungeon.

I then took out the crystal ball.

…Maybe I became too reliant on this thing.

Yeah, being a critical hit abuser will suit you best.

What did it mean by that?

Ignoring the insult, I spent my skills on [Critical Boost] and [High Roller].

[Critical Boost] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

Your Critical Hit chance permanently increases by 50%.

[High Roller] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive skill

When you land a critical hit, you will deal increased damage according to your Luck modifier (+10). The target will also receive a random effect that depends on your Luck (101).

Effects (Uses your Luck modifier for each one):

Debuff: Target will get a debuff to their accuracy (-10%)

Heal: Target will take no damage from your attack and will be healed instead (+10)

Slow: Target will have decreased movement speed (-10 feet)

Power-Up: Target will get a buff to their accuracy (+10%)

I smiled as I saw the maxed out version of [High Roller].

I guess that it was supposed to be a high-risk, high-reward type of skill.

But with my Luck, I was certain that only a favorable outcome would come out for me each time.

And Aqua's luck was about average now, so she should no longer affect my luck.

Overall, it was a great investment.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, kinggamerlite29 and 191 others
BoringBone
May 26, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 56: Complaints From These Clones!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Jun 1, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,386
A/N: Chapter 3 for the Demon King Class Story is now in the works! Here is Part 1 of the chapter available to certain Patreon tiers.


Chapter 56: Complaints From These Clones!

Part 1

It was time for the new groups to head to the dungeon.

While I was preparing, I decided to use my unspent skill points.

I decided to put it all on Luck.

Not only would it boost my skills and critical hit damage with [High Roller], but it will also affect every aspect of my life.

And so, for the first time, I spent my skill points in raising a Stat.

Not to mention there was that quest where I had to raise my luck to 150.

Right now, that was my current goal.

I also switched away from the Gambler class back to Adventurer.

I need to be in the Gambler class to raise my luck, but I could always just switch back.

But I didn't want to miss out on new potential skills.

Before leaving, I also made clothes from the worm silk for everyone.

With the [Tailor] skill, I can make clothing that suits everyone's needs.

For example, Darkness will get increased Dexterity.

"Oi, Kazuma… Why am I getting increased Strength? Give me extra magic power."

Megumin said, when she saw what I made for her.

"...Also, why did you make underwear?!"

She held up the black lingerie I made for her.

I coughed into my hand.
"Isn't it obvious? Bigger clothing will just get in the way of your other gear… For example, Megumin has those mage robes, right? Meanwhile, underwear can be worn under anything…"

"Well, that's true… But I feel like you had some kind of other intention when making this… Also, you put so much detail into it…"

…Of course, I also intended to use those underwear for nightly activities later on.

Aqua held her blue shimapan bra and panties up.

"Kazuma, why does Megumin have mature ones while I have childish ones?"

This foolish girl.

Doesn't she understand the concept of gap moe?

The one with the immature body should obviously have sexier underwear, while the one with the body of a supermodel should wear immature undies!

Although with that said, Darkness had proper yellow lingerie to wear.

Rather than gap moe, I just wanted to accentuate Darkness's sexy body.

"Also, this clothing improves my Intelligence, huh?"

Aqua said, glaring at me.

"Oi, what are you trying to imply?"

"That you're dumb as hell, so every little improvement helps?"

"Y-You just went ahead and said it!"

I held up my own green boxers.

"Mine raises my potential, so what's your problem?! Obviously I will put in upgrades that will benefit us the most! What's the point of giving this explosion addict even more magic power?! What's the point of giving this meathead more strength?! What's the point of giving your dumb ass anything that won't increase your intelligence?! Just be grateful for your gifts!"

"Why you…"

"Kazuma, you've gone too far…"

"Sniff… Let's put holes in his underwear!"

"W-Wait, I just made this! Oiiii!"

I couldn't fight them off.

Soon, I was surrounded by them as I was made to put on the boxers with a big hole right on my left ass cheek.

"..."

"Pffft! Nice hole, Kazuma."

Aqua said, snickering as she looked back at the hole she made, while Megumin and Darkness held me in place.

"If you fix that hole, I'm gonna play an even crueler prank on you."

Megumin grinned, while moving her hands threateningly.

I silently put the rest of my gear on.

A-Anyway.

My new boxers give me +10 potential.

This puts my potential at the same as an average app-user's.

I also gain 5 skill points per level up now.

Once we were all set to go, I teleported everyone to floor 56.

I was a bit nervous, since this was the first time this group was facing the high level floors on our own.

I had Aqua cast buffs on everyone, before heading in.

"...! Wait! I think I see movement!"

I held a hand out to everyone.

Only to see that it was just a torchlight making the shadows flicker.

"Kazuma, you're too paranoid."

Aqua said, as we started moving forward again.

A few minutes later, I actually sensed an enemy.

A group of humanoid monsters with green skin, except it was much larger than a goblin.

Some of them carried battle axes, while others had crossbows. There was even one with a staff and mage robes.

[Lore Reading] told me that they were ogres.

I used [Monster Talk] to attempt to communicate with them.

"Um, hello, everyone! We mean no trouble…"

"Attack them!"

…I guess diplomacy wasn't an option.

Darkness immediately went forward.

"[Taunt]!"

She attracted the ogres to her and kept them at bay with the improvised spear I made.

"Hehe… Although not as iconic as goblins, ogres also have their charm… After all, I imagine that they'd be quite big!"

Oi, what is this pervert talking about?"

Before I could stop her, she moved forward and lifted one of the ogre's loin cloths with her spear.

…So she had enough skill to lift a monster's loincloth up, but she couldn't land most of her attacks?

This girl…

For some reason, Darkness went still.

"...W-Why isn't it big?!"

As if confused themselves, the ogres also stopped attacking.

Darkness pointed an accusatory finger at the ogre whose loin cloth she flipped.

"Even though you're an ogre, why is your size so disappointing?! Are all ogres like this, or are you just impotent?! Shame! You're a shame to ogres everywhere!"

This was probably Darkness's most disgusting display ever.

She was in near tears from the disappointment of seeing an ogre's package.

"...What is this human woman talking about?"

In order to spare the ogres' feelings, I didn't translate.

Instead, I just drew my bow.

"[Rapid Shot]!"

I fired an onslaught of arrows at them.

This is what makes critical hit builds truly OP.

When it's paired with attack speed.

They immediately started falling as I rained critical hits down on them.

The ogre spellcaster raised his staff.

But before he could even cast a spell…

"[Skill Bind]!"

The mana he was gathering with his staff got dispersed, as I held my hand out to him.

Then Megumin swooped in to deliver a crushing blow powered by the ignition of her staff.

"Inferior mages should just die!"

…She always took it personally whenever she saw another spell caster.

Part 2

"...That was easier than I expected."

I said, as we started looting the orcs.

"You were just being paranoid. Of course we can handle this floor with me supporting everyone!"

Even though she didn't do anything, Aqua was boasting.

We didn't really need to use their weapons, since none of us were battleaxe or crossbow users.

But I did take interest in the staff.

Arrogant Water Dragon King (Super Rare)

The mana cost of all spells are decreased by 3 (minimum 1).

Sells for: 850,000 Yen

…What's with that chuuni as hell staff name?

Just to make sure, I asked Megumin if she wanted the staff.

"As if that mana cost deduction will help me cast explosion… Besides, water is the antithesis of fire, so I don't want it!"

If it wasn't related to explosion magic, she wanted nothing to do with it.

I decided to keep it.

Still, it would be difficult to carry this around, especially since I mainly used a bow.

"[Smithing]!"

I took my belt off and combined it with the staff.

Now the staff was in the form of a belt, meaning I didn't have to carry it.

"Ohhh! That looks so cool!"

Now, Megumin seemed to be having second thoughts when she saw the belt combining with the magic staff.

It looked like a normal belt except for the blue manatite orb decorating the buckle.

Megumin went down on her knees to observe the belt, looking at it directly.

…Was she about to give me head?

I held her head in place and started unbuckling my belt.

"...Oi, what are you doing, Kazuma?"

Megumin said, looking up at me with a glare.

"Eh? I thought you wanted to do a quick one…"

She stared at me blankly, before saying.

"OK, do it."

"..."

Eh?

Did I hear that right?

"What. You're gonna say something incredibly gross, then you're gonna freeze up when someone calls your bluff? Whip out your chunchunmaru right now, Kazuma. With Aqua and Darkness watching, while we're in the 56th floor of the dungeon, where monsters can attack us anytime. Do it!"

"Forgive me for my insolence, Megumin-sama!"

I ended up bowing to her.

After I was thoroughly shamed, we continued advancing in the dungeon.

…Even though Darkness was the one inspecting the anatomy of an ogre, I was the one who ended up being the most embarrassed?!

How does that happen?!

I was just making a dirty joke!

"W-Why are you glaring at me, Kazuma?"

Darkness said, looking back at me after she sensed my hostility.

"...Just because you're a Depravedtina all the time, you somehow get a pass? Then when I have one moment of being a Scumzuma, I get blamed?"

Aqua sighed and shook her head.

"Trash calling another trash isn't going to resolve anything. Why don't you two just fix your horrid personalities and make the world a better place?"

"Says the Baqua…"

I thought that Aqua would throw a tantrum at that, but she just shrugged.

"I was born being dumb, so I have an excuse. But you two can fix your depraved personalities anytime you want. Don't compare me to you."

This…!

This mentally deficient girl is actually defeating me in an argument?!
And I couldn't really say anything back!

Megumin also shook her head.

"Hah… Why am I the only one in the group who doesn't have flaws…"

"Oi, you of all people don't get to say that! If I never partied up with you, you'd probably be committing domestic terrorism to this day!"

"And I'm grateful to Kazuma for that…."

"...?!"

She surprised me by turning around with a wholesome smile.

This girl…!

I can never predict what she's gonna do next!

Aqua chuckled to herself.

"Oh, look… This Kazuma is blushing all over… He really is a glass cannon, huh?"

Darkness nodded and said,

"Indeed. The man who will call you a whore in one moment, then profess his undying love to you the next…"

Megumin wagged her finger at me.

"Who are you trying to appeal to, Tsunzuma? There's no market for male tsundere, you know?"

"Gahhh! Steal! Steal! Steal!"

"...?! What are you doing?!"

I stole the panties I made for them.

"I'll be taking these back…"

I said, while stuffing their panties.

"Y-You… What about the stat bonuses?!"

The one who was in the most danger, Aqua and Megumin, clutched their skirts as they glared at me.

"...? As long as you have the bras on, it's fine, right? For spreading such malicious lies about me, go the rest of the dungeon without panties on! How about that?!"

Darkness shook in frustration as she raised her fist.

"Damnit! I wouldn't have worn a bodysuit if I knew Kazuma would do this! I should have been sluttier like Aqua and Megumin, who always go around wearing such tiny skirts!"

"D-Darkness of all people is calling me a slut?!"

"Take it back! Calling a goddess a slut is unforgivable!"

We got caught up in another pointless argument.

…Maybe I made a mistake with this party composition.

You gained two levels!

Meanwhile, it seemed that the EXP I got from killing those ogres, as well as the EXP Mary and Aika-chan were getting, let me reach level 60.

Ten points right away…

While Megumin and Aqua were both teaming up against Darkness, I decided to put skill points into [Rapid Shot].

That's because I saw just how effective it was when combined with my high critical hit chance.

[Rapid Shot] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (5 mp)

Attack speed when shooting with shortbows increased by x 3.5. This skill does not apply to longbows or crossbows.

Then to further augment that speed…

I also maxed out [Delay Spell].

[Delay Spell] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

You can delay up to 7 spells, which will form as magical energies that will float around you. For every 5 minutes that passes until you use the spell, you will lose equal to the amount of mana points you used to cast the spell.

This will ensure that I always have seven instances of ice arrows loaded up to use with [Rapid Shot].

Part 3

With speed resembling machine gun fire, I launched a rapid succession of ice arrows at a group of ogres.

7 shards of magical ice floated around my head. They drew down and formed into ice arrows, only to be reloaded by the next ice shard.

The others watched as I cleared away all the ogres.

"...Oi, Kazuma, why are you clearing them all by yourself?"

Aqua said, as she looked at all the dead bodies that were pincushioned by ice arrows.

"I just wanted to try it out, you guys can have the next ones."

It turns out that I didn't need to worry at all.

With me offering some crowd control support, the others cleared the monsters by themselves.

Megumin was a true magic brawler now, decimating enemies with explosive blows with her staff.

Meanwhile, Darkness still missed a lot, but she was tanky enough that she could just stand in the middle of a group of taunted enemies, attacking them with multiple attacks until it lands.

As for Aqua, with her improved luck, she was no longer randomly tripping or somehow getting caught up in some trap. She used her superior stats to destroy enemies with her bare fists.

Somewhere along the way, this party became incredibly powerful.

…Even though we were all getting swallowed up by Giant Toads in the beginning.

I chuckled to myself while remembering that.

With how easily we were defeating the monsters, we soon made it to the boss room.

Of course, Mitsurugi already gave me information about this floor.

The boss area for this floor was a temperate rainforest.

And as for the boss monster, it was the White Tiger.

They were considered Divine Beasts meaning that they were attuned to the gods.

Apparently, these White Tigers were attuned to the goddess Eris, so they had high luck stats.

Their pelts could also be made into clothing that gives high luck bonuses.

Of course, I wanted those.

However, there was a problem.

Killing these White Tigers would result in a curse from the goddess Eris.

So, most of the app-users who received the app from Eris-sama will never dare to attack the White Tigers.

Of course, this included Darkness.

"We will get through this floor without killing the boss monster."

She said, before we entered the floor.

Aqua looked at her in disbelief.

"Who cares about some curse from Eris! I can just remove that curse with my powers! That little brat just likes those White Tigers, so she's trying to protect them from being hunted! Give me a break! Can you imagine a goddess acting in such a wilful manner?!"

Says the most wilful goddess of them all.

Still, I was willing to bet that Eris-sama would forgive us.

But just in case, I said,

"Don't attack the White Tigers unless they attack you."

Darkness looked at me gratefully while Aqua pouted.

"Oi… Don't tell me that hussy Eris has seduced you, Kazuma!"

"I don't know what you mean by that."

"Hmph! I don't care, you two can kiss Eris' ass all you want! I'm making it a point to hunt those furballs! Are you in, Megumin?"

Megumin responded with a thumb up.

"Of course! No one can stop me from using my explosion! I don't care who it is!"

As always, those two got along strangely well.

"...Kazuma, you will help me stop them, right?"

Darkness said, trying to get me to join her side.

Even though I wanted nothing to do with this.

With the different factions forming, we opened the boss room door.

The humidity hit me right away, as well as this wet, clinging sensation that felt strange given the warmth that pervaded the closed space.

Immediately, we were met by a seemingly endless canopy where the sunlight barely trickled through.

Big trees covered by spiraling epiphytes pervaded the area, and the wet soil sunk uncomfortably when you stepped on it.

It wasn't quite as uncomfortable as the swamp area, but it was pretty close.

It didn't take long until we were attacked.

"Gahhh?! A-Are they throwing shit?!"

Suddenly, orangutan-like monsters came out of the trees and started attacking us.

They started flinging around dark material that suspiciously looked like feces.

Using [Lore Reading]...

"Avoid those at all costs! Their feces are highly toxic!"

These creatures were called Venom Dung Orangutans.

They had a natural poison resistance.

And so, they hunted venomous Giant Snakes that inhabited this area.

These snakes were their staple diet.

This also meant that their feces was highly venomous.

Then they used their feces as a weapon, throwing the dangerous substance at enemies.

Aside from the poison, there was also the bacteria and psychological effect of being covered in orangutan feces.

The orangutans let out sadistic laughter as they watched us running away from them.

"[Wind Wall]!"

I summoned a barricade of wind that stopped the feces from touching us.

Seeing that their attack wasn't working, they took out their spears and leapt at us from the branches.

These spears were also coated with venom, and they were made from the bones of powerful monsters.

"[Taunt]!"

Darkness occupied their attention, while Megumin swiftly dispatched them with her staff, with Aqua buffing all of us.

I also started shooting them with arrows.

"...Finally, they're all dead."

Megumin said, as those deadly orangutans were finished off.

"Ugh… Is the rest of the area gonna be like this?"

Aqua said, looking green in the face.

"What's the matter? I thought you were gonna hunt all the White Tigers to extinction? Let's explore the rest of this area."

"D-Did I say that? Haha… Let's just quickly reach the exit already!"

She lost all her desire to anger Eris.

Part 4

We kept walking through the rainforest, our feet stomping through the mud.

"Ahh… It's so humid here… Ughhh!"

Aqua said, fanning herself with a fan and shooting water on herself.

This time, we were careful to avoid encountering other monsters.

While we were walking, I noticed something and stopped.

"Hm…?"
My [Gardening] skill made me notice something.

A cluster of mushrooms that had a green tint to it.

Using [Lore Reading], I saw that it was a mushroom that could be used for medicine.

I carefully harvested them and placed them in my inventory to see more information.

[Crapula Mushroom] - Ultra Rare

A mushroom that is common in floor 56 due to its ideal conditions for this variety. Crapula Mushrooms grow in soil that has been mixed with the dung of Venom Dung Orangutan. Because of this property, these mushrooms can be used to completely halt the spread of deadly infections and even halt cancerous growths.

Sells for: 5,000,000 Yen

…I almost dropped this mushroom out of my inventory, after hearing how they grow.

But its effect made me keep it.

…Can't this mushroom save a lot of lives?!

This was the reason why the crystal ball had me max out the [Medicine] skill first.

I ended up taking a bunch of these mushrooms.

"Kazuma… Don't tell me you're developing that kind of hobby…"

Darkness said, as she saw me hurriedly gathering a bunch of suspicious-looking mushrooms.

…What was she assuming here?

"These aren't hallucinogenic… Whatever, just help me gather them!"

We gathered as much as we could, before we continued our trek.

In the end, we made it out of the 56th floor without having to face the White Tigers.

"Hmph… Eris is just lucky I decided to spare her little pets!"

Aqua said something petty like a minor villain might say.

Since we didn't have to expend too much resources on the last floor, we kept going.

We were also urged by Megumin, who didn't have a chance to use explosion yet.

And so, we explored the 57th floor as well.

"You gained 2 levels! Make sure to praise me and Mary later, papa!"

I received such a notification from Aika-chan.

…I made sure to hide this notification from the others.

They would surely take exception to the fact that I was raising levels like this.

Using my daughters as EXP gatherers.

And aside from that…

It was getting too easy to clear these monsters.

Due to my upgraded [Rapid Shot] and critical hit build, we now had a steady stream of sustained DPS.

Megumin provided the burst damage with her explosive staff, which was further empowered by Aqua.

"[Charge]!"

She used the Knight skill to apply an AoE knockback effect on a group of Undead Knights, destroying them without my help.

She looked like a meteor crashing the way she advanced forward, fire at her wake.

I then used [Drain Touch] to restore her mana.

"...I'm surprised you're consistently using other skills aside from explosion now."

I said to Megumin, after I restored her mana.

"As long as it's not magic, I don't consider it cheating."

What kind of criteria is that?

And is explosion magic the kind of tsundere who would have a fit if Megumin used another kind of magic?

As we were advancing, I sensed a trap.

I held my arm out for the others to stop.

…I could have never seen it with my naked eye.

If I hadn't upgraded the [Trap Detection] skill, I would have never spotted this trap.

There was a fine, near invisible thread in front of us.

I used [Disarm Trap] to cut the thread without activating the trap.

That was close…

I didn't even want to know what that trap would have done to us.

Rather, if Aqua didn't upgrade her luck, she would have still found some way to still activate it.

That was just the usual development.

In this manner, we quickly made it to the 57th floor boss.

This time, rather than a lush rainforest…

We came across a barren wasteland.

"...Well, at least it's not as humid here."

Aqua said, as cool wind passed through us.
The artificial sky was a mild gray, with no hints of blue or a hint of light passing through the clouds.

In fact…

"Gyaaah?!"

A flash of lightning came down from the roof, followed by thunder.

Of course, this was merely simulated by the dungeon. There was no atmospheric discharge happening here. The dungeon was using runes to cause these electric charges. The thunder was also produced by the dungeon.

"[Create Golem]!"

I made a golem and had it carry my spear.

It was to act as a lightning rod.

The main hazard of this floor was that the dungeon would create these lightning bolts to strike at app-users.

But with this mobile lightning rod…

The golem grounded the energy as the lightning flashed down.

Even with the lightning rod attracting the attacks, Aqua still jumped with each lightning strike.

"Gahhh! Make it stop already!"

I had a feeling she was gonna develop a trauma from this.

Still, we passed through the main hazard of the floor and advanced quickly.

Although it was quite a walk, as the wasteland stretched out into a wide area.

I sent golem scouts ahead and found the exit, but it would take us about an hour of walking.

I wasn't sure that Aqua would last that long.

"[Create Golem]! [Golem Manipulation]!"

I then created a golem, shaped it into a car, replacing its limbs with wheels.

The golem drove forward, the wheels spinning on its own.

"...Is there anything you can't do, Kazuma?"

Megumin said, sounding halfway between impressed and exasperated, as she leaned back in the seat, the golem-mobile moving at fast speeds.

"Fufu… Aren't you lucky that you're with a guy like me?"

She raised a brow.

"Aren't you the lucky one? Having all of us here as your lovers… Surely, no man has ever been so lucky."

"..."

"Oi, why didn't you respond to that?"
I think a lesser man would have died by now if he had to handle these three.

Part 5

It was a smooth ride until the ground started to shake.

"Gah! What is that?!"

Aqua leaned forward from the backseat, grabbed my shoulders and shook me around.

That was because what could only be described as a titan had emerged from the ground.

"Graaaa…!"

It had gray flesh, with slitted eyes. It opened its mouth and revealed a row of yellow fangs. Its body was about 40 feet tall, and it was completely hairless.

Lightning came down from the sky and struck it, but instead of yelling out in pain, it seemed to absorb the lightning, its body glowing blue as sparks of electricity danced around it.

"...Graaaa…!"

It opened its mouth and a series of lightning bolts came out.

I controlled the golem car to dodge the blast.

Megumin pointed her staff at it and started chanting.

Luckily, I used [Lore Reading] in time.

"Oi! That thing is an Absorption Titan! It will absorb energy, including magical! You'll just make it stronger if you use explosion!"

"Tsk…"

Megumin reluctantly put her staff away.

"What can we do, then?"

Darkness asked, looking worriedly.

"...Darkness, get out of the car and use [Taunt] for a bit.

"K-Kazuma… You're going to abandon me?! Huff… Huff…"

She started blushing and panting, as the others looked at me like I was garbage.

"Why would you even say that?! Just buy some time for me!"

Darkness jumped out of the car, using her insane physical stats to make a perfect landing.

"[Taunt]!"

While she distracted the Absorption Titan, I set about doing my plan.

Aqua, in the meantime, casted buffs on Darkness to make sure she can tank the lightning bolts.

"Gyaaah! T-This shock is… Ish amashing!"

Although maybe we didn't need to worry so much.

Darkness took the lightning bolts head on and seemed to enjoy it.

I guess shock therapy doesn't work on this lunatic.

Finally, I was done.

"Darkness! Lead it over here, but watch your step!"

"Got it!"

Darkness led the titan to the designated area.

"Graaah…?!"

The titan, trying to pursue, fell down, unable to stop its descent as gravity did its work.

I used the maxed out [Create Trap] to create a giant pitfall for the titan.

To create such a large hole, I needed some time, even with the skill at rank 5.

Normally, this would be the perfect time for Megumin to finish it off, but its power made that a bad idea.

While I was thinking of a solution…

"Leave it to me!"

When Aqua said that, my first instinct was to panic.

But she acted before I could say anything.

"[Sacred Create Water]...!!!"

She lifted her staff to the sky.

Then, a gigantic ball of water formed above the titan.

"Wait, this is actually genius, Aqua!"

The titan can't absorb this.

Meanwhile, it will be crushed under all that water.

With a proud smirk, Aqua brought her staff down, causing a veritable flood to crash down on the helpless titan.

…

…

Megumin tried to harvest materials from the titan, but…

"...It's completely pulverized."

She said, looking at the mangled corpse of a titan.

Well, having that amount of water dropped on it…

This was obvious.

That said, the bones of this Absorption Titan were apparently valuable.

More specifically, they could be used to conduct energy and mana more efficiently.

So I had Megumin gather these bones and she stored them in her inventory.

As for Aqua…

"Oi."

I said, watching over her shoulder as I saw her about to allocate her skill points on party skills.

"M-My luck is already average now!"

"...That doesn't mean you should waste it on party skills! Hah, whatever."

I knew there was no point in stopping her, so I just let her do what she wanted.

After that, we continued our ride.

With the fast moving vehicle, we avoided the hazards that would have made this floor dangerous.

And I also sensed any trap that would have been deadly for those who didn't have a maxed out [Trap Detection].

For example, there were rune traps that shocked the target if they passed through.

We made it to the exit safely.

"We can still keep going."

Megumin said, with a determined look on her face.

…Honestly, she was right.

Even though it took us such a long time to advance through these floors before, we were now at the point where we were clearing multiple floors in one day.

Of course, a cheat item user would have probably considered this progress slow.

And so we returned to the formula of Megumin clearing everything with [Charge] after Darkness used [Taunt] to distract the enemy.

Meanwhile I'd provide support or ranged DPS if it was necessary.

And if there were a large group of enemies that Megumin couldn't burst down…

"[Create Trap]!"

I had them fall into a pit trap for Darkness and Megumin to finish off.

Or for Aqua to drown with water.

"Heh. Our party sure has come far, huh?"

Aqua said, having the same thoughts that I had before.

"We're certainly a lot more efficient now."

Darkness said, as she finished off a Goblin King with her spear.

"...Aqua, cast a [Blessing] on us right now."

"Eh? Why?"

I had a sudden realization.

These idiots just set some massive flags!

In order to reset our luck, I had Aqua cast [Blessing].

"...Don't say things like that aloud."

I warned them.

Saying stuff like 'we're so strong now!'

That will surely ensure that we get power crept in the future.

"Papa! I'm defeating so many monsters! You leveled up again! We're getting so strong now, huh?! Nothing can ever beat us! We're unstoppable! After this, why don't you propose to mama and get married, hm?"

I received such a message from Aika-chan.

"On second thought, let's not push our luck and return home now."

"Eh? Why?!"

I didn't risk it after all those flags were set and teleported everyone back to the mansion.

Part 6

When we got back, I immediately headed to the dungeon.

Of course, I wanted to plant those mushrooms right away.

In order to grow these mushrooms, I would need to replicate the environment of the rainforest.

Rather than create a whole biome, I just made an enclosed greenhouse.

Of course, I needed to spend some DP on this.

I had to tell the dungeon to halt the construction of Norse for a bit, so I could gain some DP.

Then, I connected to Vanir's boss area room.

"...Oi, Vanir, the DP supply hasn't been increasing these days."

Vanir, who was sitting on the throne, said,

"Ah… I think I got a bit too excited and might have scared some app-users off."

For Vanir to say that, he must have really lost control.
"What did you do?"

"...A party finally made it to the boss room… Let's just say that I got too excited and tormented them a bit too much… Word then got out and some people have started to avoid the dungeon."

This devil was way too troublesome.

"For an all-seeing devil, you sure are shortsighted. Also, you need to play the long game here. Let some of them actually 'kill' you and take the treasure. If you continue to troll everyone, no one will show up."

"...I suppose that's true."

He seemed so reluctant to admit it.

"By the way, boy, are you sure it's a good idea to grow and cultivate those mushrooms?"

That made me stop. Did he see something dangerous happening in the future?

"What do you mean?"

"While those mushrooms are good for your kind, the secret of the dungeon will need to be exposed eventually, if such a cure to previously incurable diseases were to come out, without a scientific explanation for it."

Certainly, this mushroom almost seemed like magic.

Although it was a mutation caused by monsters… Not like conventional science could explain those existences, at least, not in the evolutionary paths of known species.

But still, would I really want to shoulder the weight of having people die, just because I wanted to keep the dungeon a secret?

With portals opening everywhere, it was only a matter of time until people found out, anyway.

That whole 'cosplayer' excuse when a Demon King general shows up isn't going to cut it anymore.

And how many times will Shibuya have to be blown up, until the public realizes that something deeper is going on?

"Be right back. Gonna plant mushrooms."

Vanir chuckled as I made my decision.

I went ahead and ordered my clones to come help me.

"After you're done helping me with farming, make sure you teach me what you learned while studying. Also, go ahead and eat monster meat after that."

They stared at me and said,

"...Boss, you're really not giving us a break, huh?"

"At least let us have some fun."

"Yeah, when are you letting us do Darkness?"

Since they were still me, I guess I couldn't just treat them like robots.

Although they had unlimited stamina as golems, there was still psychological exhaustion.

Hm… Should I really let them do Darkness?

Of course, Darkness would enjoy that.

But is this NTR?

Well, they're me, so how could it possibly be NTR?

Then again, they were already complaining to me, when they were only following orders before.

In order to prevent complications, I said,

"...The girls are off limits for now."

They clicked their tongues at the same time.

"Che… Even though I studied college-level Physics for you?"

"And I had to read all that Russian literature."

"Now you're gonna make us shovel monster meat down our throats…"

I missed when these guys were much more obedient.

I guess since they were originally me, they wanted to help me out without asking for anything in return at the start.

But now, as they were further removed from my thought process and got used to their autonomous identities, that sense of obligation or wanting to be useful to my desires got closed off.

"...I said for now, didn't I? And if you guys are really that horny, and I don't know why you even have libidos, since you're golems right now, then you can go ahead and try to pick up other girls…"

"You mean, like Iris?"

"..."

I almost deleted the clone who said that.

"Oi… I thought you're supposed to be a part of me?! Why are you viewing my imouto like that?!"

"You said it yourself, captain. She's your imouto, not ours! She calls only you onii-sama, while I haven't even interacted with her yet, 'coz you're making me study all day! She's not my imouto now, is she?! So I might as well try to get with her!"

"Isn't this too drastic of a personality split?! Wait, you're the one who read Russian Literature, right?"

"Yup."

"...Don't tell me you read that certain book by Nabokov."

He glanced away.

"Let's just say that Iris is the light of my life, the fire in my loins."

"You bastard!"

The clones had to hold me back from choking this lolicon.

Once I managed to calm down, the clones said,

"...Our Charisma is low as hell because we're golems, though. How are we gonna pick up girls?"

"I managed to charm Aqua and Rin even though my Charisma and Attractiveness was pretty low in the beginning, didn't I? Just do it the natural way!"

With that, the clones stopped complaining.

I made them plant the mushrooms, which didn't take too long since they all had the [Gardening] skill. I was also helping them.

Then I made them teach me what they learned using the [Learning] skill.

Your Intelligence and Creativity has increased by +7!

Aside from Luck, those two stats were probably the most important.

After all, I would be able to come up with more shortcuts… I mean, make things easier for myself.

You gained 2 levels!

The golem farm was also hard at work, I see.

As for the monster meat eating.

I could just feed them more Gleam Shiners.

But I was also interested in Lake Dragon meat.

More specifically, the mutant variation.

It's so hard to raise magic power and mana capacity.

Just like with physical stats, just throwing fireballs at golems wasn't going to cut it.

And the clones stats were too low to cast any significant spells.

So I wanted to raise my magic stats with the mutant variation of Dragon Lake meat.

I took out the crystal ball and asked it for advice.

"Oh, great crystal ball of power… How do I get a mutant Lake Dragon…?"

"There's no shortcut to do it. You'll just have to keep breeding lake dragons until a mutant comes out. You will need a whole ecosystem for that."

…It wasn't something I could afford with the DP I had right now.

I just went ahead and summoned a variety of monsters for the clones to eat.

After all, an individual can't just eat the same variety of monsters over and over to spam stat boosts.

That was my original idea, but I remembered that if that was possible, I could have just drank that smoothie or coffee to raise my stats forever.

And so, I summoned Gleam Shiners, Grey Wolf and One-Shot Bears into the traps.

You gained +8 in Speed, Cunning, Dexterity, Intuition, Strength, Health, Stamina and Bravery!
Thanks to the cooking skill and the clones eating their share, I gained quite a large boost in stats.

I also put all my 37 Skill Points into Luck.

And with that, I was able to raise it to 150.

Quest completed! Increase your 'Luck' to 150!

Quest Reward: You gain the title [Luck is a Skill]

[Luck is a Skill]

Your Luck can now be increased by doing appropriate tasks, like a normal skill. Activities such as winning in a casino, winning the lottery or getting lucky in general will give you Luck stat increases.

I immediately equipped this title.

With my luck as high as it already was, this title will just allow me to keep scaling it even higher, right?!

I was right to focus my Skill Points on increasing Luck!

Maybe I should hit the casino after this…

Part 7

I ended up going to the casino.

This new skill was too OP not to use right away.

And now I had the [Vip Treatment] skill, which would lessen the chances of me getting kicked out.

I let the app convert my money to USD, then I bought $100,000 worth of chips.

I was immediately invited to the VIP floor with higher stakes.

"...?! How is this guy winning so much?!"

I smirked as I won hand after hand.

Normally, winning this many hands in a row would make the staff suspicious.

I'd be blamed for cheating and kicked out.

Especially…

"Damn, this guy already has a million?!"

…In just an hour, I gained 1 million USD.

Now, the skill description of [VIP Treatment] states that my chances of getting kicked out would be reduced by 10%.

And this 10% didn't seem to be influenced solely by my Luck, it was a different kind of probability.

Just like how my weapon accuracy wasn't affected by luck, unless I used the [Snipe] skill.

So, I couldn't stay there for an unlimited amount of time before they got suspicious.

I ended up leaving after I made around 2 million USD.

I now had a total of 2,246,545,650 Yen

Making sure to tip the dealer well, I left the table.

Your Luck has increased by +10!

…I guess winning this much money would mean a huge stat increase.

The [Luck is a Skill] title was already proving itself beneficial.

I teleported back home after the big winnings, feeling a bit tired.

Not from exhaustion, but from the big dopamine hit from winning 2 million dollars.

I showered, brushed my teeth and laid in bed.

Just as I was drifting off…

"Psst… Get up…"

Good grief.

Can't a guy get some rest?

I was already used to this.

A girl was coming to give me a night raid.

Of course, with so many girlfriends, all of them in their teenage years, it was unreasonable not to expect them to have a high libido.

The horniest one, of course, was Darkness. Aqua was second, and Megumin was a surprising third place. Rin was last… Although not by much.

To be honest, they were all pretty demanding.

"...Get up already."

Damn, how thirsty is this girl?!

I bet this is Darkness!

My eyes still closed, not willing to open them just yet, I sighed and moved to pull down my pants.

"Jerk me off first. Maybe that will wake me up."

"...Are you serious?"

"You come here while I'm asleep, come on, just tug it already."

"..."

There were a few moments before I felt a hand wrapping around my cock.

Yeah, this was definitely Darkness.

The only other one who'd do this was Aqua.

But she'd whine a bit and kiss me first to get me going, maybe do some dirty talk.

Darkness, however, was obsessed with my cock, and would jerk me off right away, without the necessary warm up.

I was surprised she didn't already put it in right now and started riding me hard until I was awake.

…Although, she was being uncharacteristically gentle.

I didn't complain, since this was a nice change of pace.

Once I was completely hard and ready to go, I finally opened my eyes.

"..."

For some reason, a blushing Chris was in front of me.

"..." x 2.

We stared at each other, as she was still jerking me off.

"To think you'd make me do this again…"

Chris said, glancing away as she mentioned that handjob she gave me, during the soccer tournament.

She was acting as if she hated it, even though she was the one who opened her mouth and let me cum on her tongue, without being told to.

And now, she was even properly jerking me off.

I mean… I didn't even know it was her.

Rather, what was she even doing here?

But I wasn't the type to let an opportunity pass by.

I didn't say anything and just laid back, enjoying her handjob.

"...You wanna go all the way?"

I asked, shooting my shot.

She glared at me, giving me the answer I needed.

Humu. So I guess the affection levels weren't at that level yet.

I'll have to keep raising them.

Now, unlike with Lia, I already had a sexual history with Chris.

Even though it was limited to foreplay.

So, I didn't have any doubts about our current relationship.

Chris was a good friend who sometimes jerked me off.

…Well, if she heard me say that, she'd probably hate me.

"Ah, I'm close… Want me to cum in your mouth again?"

"You jerk!"

She ended up hating me, anyway.

Still, she jerked me off faster, gripped me harder.

Staring at her embarrassed face, her exposed midriff, that slim figure…

Ahh… Chris is too erotic!

"Hnnnngh!"

"...?!"

I ended up cumming all over her.

"Ugh… So much… My clothes are all dirty now…"

"You should have caught it with your mouth, then."

"..."

She didn't even dignify that with an answer.

After she cleaned up, I said,

"So, what brings you here, Chris? Just wanted a quick pump and go?"

"...Is this a gas station?"

"Well, I certainly feel refueled after that."

I said, flexing my arm.

"If I came here, obviously I need your help with something…"

I pouted at her as I sat up.

"Boo… My good friend Chris only comes to see me when she needs help? Ahh… I'm sad now… Maybe you should suck me off next."

"Maybe you should put that away first!"

She said, pointing to my cock that was already getting hard again.

"What's the matter? My partner here is just excited to see you… We had so much captured female thief play before, you know?"

"It wasn't some kind of dirty play! And you were the one who… Nevermind. Listen, I found a dangerous artifact…"

Seeing how this was important, I listened in.

"...It's a divine artifact that fell into the wrong hands."

"I see…"

"One that creates dungeons…"

"..."

Wait, she couldn't possibly be talking about my dungeon-creating divine artifact, right?

"Eh? What could that be…?"

"There was a dungeon door that was suddenly created, right next to a real dungeon entrance. And it's said that a masked devil is the boss of that dungeon."

Yeah, she's talking about my divine laptop.

"Ahem… Well, I guess we'll have to look for it. Where do you think it is? Africa? Ireland?"

"Hm… Well, my [Treasure Detection] actually points me to this room…"

"..." x 2.

We both stared at each other.

"[Steal]!"

"[Skill Bind]!"

Before Chris could steal the laptop, I countered it with [Skill Bind].

"Oi?! What are you doing?! How did you even know I have the laptop anyway, huh?!"

"Did you forget that I work for Eris-sama?! That same Eris-sama who worked overtime because you were breaking the resurrection rules?! I mean, that's what she told me! If you don't want to make Eris-sama mad, surrender the laptop, now!"

"What if I say no?"

"[Steal]!"

"[Skill Bind]!"

And so, we were locked in a draw.

"Listen! That laptop is way too important! If Eris-sama wants the Demon King to be defeated, then she should allow me to keep using that laptop!"

Not only my golem EXP farm, but all the resources the dungeon could produce… It was too powerful to give up!

"And that's just the thing! Eris-sama is telling me that you're restoring ancient civilizations for a Dark Goddess! As well as doing a suspicious partnership with a devil! What's wrong with you, Kazuma-kun?!"

"...Regina-sama isn't a Dark Goddess anymore! She even gained new aspects! And that devil… He's pretty harmless at the end of the day! As long as he gets to torment humans to his heart's desire, he should be fine!"

"Do you even hear yourself talking right now?!"

We caught our breaths, able to calm down after a few moments of silence.

"Look, you know I'm a good guy, so what's wrong with letting me use this laptop? I mean, you haven't taken Mitsurugi's Gram yet."

"...This laptop is a whole different level of dangerous! No mortal should be able to wield it!"

What a stubborn girl.

"Now, show me where the laptop is, or I'll be very cross with you!"

"...Fine. You win."

I sighed and made a wave motion with my hand, thumb crossed over the palm.

This was the signal I gave to Aika-chan, which would let her know to create a door.

"Door 6 open."

I said, indicating the room the door would lead to.

A dungeon door instantly appeared beside us.

Chris smiled at me gratefully.

"Thank you for making this easy, Kazuma-kun."

She stepped inside.

I hurriedly closed the door.

…In a panic, I led Chris to a holding cell I made.

It was normally supposed to be used against enemies, but this stubborn girl was about to ruin everything.

So I did that in a panic.

Ah… I really did it now…

Your Cunning has increased by +5!
Last edited: Jun 3, 2025
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, kinggamerlite29, NightSight and 196 others
BoringBone
Jun 1, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 57: Speeding Through This Easy Dungeon!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Jun 8, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,416
A/N: I am now selling my commissioned works on Patreon! Check out this Kazuma x Megumin x Yunyun harem story, as well as Pervert Class Chapter 2. Both were commissioned by anonymous users who gave me permission to sell these stories. Please check them out if you're interested!

Also, an update on commissions. I have all my slots filled for this month, so if you would like to book a commission ahead of time, please DM me before the end of the month. It helps me figure out my schedule for the upcoming months.


Chapter 57: Speeding Through This Easy Dungeon!

Part 1

Ah, I acted impulsively.

Well, it was important to keep Chris from taking away the laptop.

But perhaps I acted too drastically.

I switched to the camera feed showing the holding cell.

"Kazuma-kuuuun! You are in so much trouble, you hear me! Eris-sama will be really mad!"

She was using Eris-sama to threaten me.

I turned on the intercom to speak to her.

"I will let you out if you promise not to confiscate the laptop."

"This stunt of yours is only making me want to take it even more!"

What a stubborn girl.

Well, I'd also be pissed if I got tricked into walking into a cell.

What should I do now?

I suddenly have a female thief in my cell.

Darkness would adore this kind of scenario.

I had no such nefarious plans for Chris, though.

"Come on, Kazuma-kun… You can't be serious about this!"

"I'm afraid that I am."

"Why are you going this far?! Ah, does that Dark Goddess have something on you? If she's blackmailing you, I can deal with it!"

"No, that's not it. She really turned a new leaf."

"...Is that true?"

I showed images through monitors of Regina-sama with her followers. She was helping them get situated in Norse, acting as a proper leader of her people.

"W-Well, I suppose you're right about that… But what about the devil?!"

Ah, she got me there.

"The devil… Ah, enough about him. Let's watch more images of Regina-sama…"

"Kazuma-kun. Show me the devil, right now."

I reluctantly switched over to Vanir.

"Mwahahaha! You really thought that you've defeated me and even confessed to your crush, while in the throes of your victorious high? Bwahahaha! So embarrassing! Look at your blushing faces! Right now, she's thinking, 'Eh? He really liked me…? Well, he's not really my type, but I guess I can go out with him for a few weeks, then let him down gently'... Oh! What's this? Even though you confessed, your affection for her dropped once you found out her real thoughts? Hah… Romance truly is fragile!"

"..."

I stayed silent as Vanir proved Chris's points perfectly.

I turned the monitor off.

"Ahem. Enough about Vanir…"

"You really think you can skim over that, huh?! Face it, this dungeon is a bad idea!"

"L-Look here, I'm growing these mushrooms that can potentially halt cancerous growth!"

I switched over to the farm.

She looked at the mushrooms and said,

"...You can grow those in the other dungeon, though. You don't need your personal dungeon for this."

She kept dismantling my points.

Two of my clones were currently checking on the crops. They said,

"Hey, do you think we have a chance with Chris?"

"Yeah, she seems pretty easy. She even jerked off the original with little to no pressure."

"Yeah, I think we can tag team her easily."

I hurriedly turned off the monitor.

"...Kazuma-kun. Let me out of here instantly and give me the laptop."

"S-Sorry… I'll make sure you're comfortable in that cell."

"O-Oi! How long do you intend on keeping me here?!"

I cut off the comms with Chris.

Ah, this is bad.

Her opinion of me just kept crashing.

Surprisingly, the bond rank didn't decrease, though.

…Maybe our bond was really that strong?

No, if Aqua trapped me in a cell, my bond rank with her would shoot all the way into the negatives.

That made me feel even worse for doing this, knowing that Chris trusted me to such an extent, that our bond rank wouldn't drop even though I imprisoned her.

Maybe I should just trust her and hand her the laptop anyway?

I mean, if she really thought that was for the best…

No, I just can't justify that.

Her sense of justice was different from mine.

Chris believed that taking away potentially dangerous artifacts will save humanity.

But I believed that the only way to save humanity was to use every resource available.

Still, there was a problem.

Chris's [Steal] could work even when an item is stored in the inventory or a pocket dimension.

That was how she stole items from app-users.

Granted, she needs to be able to see an item to steal it.

But if she had a higher ranked steal…

I asked the Crystal Ball.

The one currently known as Chris has the 'Dark Stalker' Advanced Class. This is the advanced version of the Thief class. It can be unlocked at 90 Speed and 70 Cunning, as well as a minimum of 5 thief raids in your resume.

I suppose since I only went on a couple thief raids, I didn't qualify for this class.

The Dark Stalker class can increase the rank of the [Steal] skill beyond Rank 5. The Dark Stalker class can also access your dungeon by sneaking in with its [Interdimensional Caper] skill.

…This meant that I couldn't let her out of that cell at all.

In fact, if I didn't take great care to make sure this cell was inescapable, she would have probably found a way to escape.

I watched her through the monitor now. She was trying to look for a lock, even though this cell didn't have one.

Since I had full control of the cell, I could just create an opening if I wanted to free the prisoner.

So, there were no openings. As for air and oxygen, there were runes that allowed ventilation, without necessitating any exploitable gaps.

I felt bad for confining Chris in a place like this, but the entire dungeon was in danger if I let her out.

I could only hope that Eris-sama wouldn't get too mad about this.

Part 2

"Kazuma! I just received a vision from Eris-sama when I was sleeping last night! She said that you trapped Chris in a prison?! She's absolutely furious!"

The next morning, Darkness busted into my room while Rin and I were going at it.

"Eeep! Darkness-senpai, you can't just walk in like that!"

Rin said, covering herself up.

Since Rin usually came by for morning sessions in bed, Darkness came in while Rin was buck naked, bouncing on top of me.

Darkness stared at us for a few seconds, before shaking her head.

"Rin, give me a few minutes with Kazuma… He's in a lot of trouble!"

"...Um… Can this wait? I was getting close…"

Rin blushed when she realized what she was saying and shook her head.

"N-Nevermind! I'll be going now."

She hurriedly picked up her clothes and left the room.

Then, Darkness glared at me as I put a shirt on.

"Explain yourself now, Kazuma!"

"...First of all, what kind of dream did Eris-sama give you?"

"It was a distress message that told me Chris was in grave danger! That she's stuck in a prison because you tricked her!"

In grave danger, huh?

I took Darkness to the dungeon and showed her the screen, which showed Chris's cell.

Chris was currently enjoying breakfast with the food I sent over to her fridge. She was also watching TV while lounging on the couch.

I made improvements to the cell, expanding it and making it look like a house. Connected to the TV were various consoles, and she had a button that she could buzz to communicate with me, or summon a golem to perform a task for her. She pressed that button now and a golem dressed in a maid outfit came to massage her shoulders.

"...Eh? Is she really in a cell right now?"

Darkness said, squinting her eyes at the screen, as if she was missing something.

"As you can see, she's being treated very well. And did Eris-sama even tell you why Chris is there?"

When Darkness shook her head, I said,

"Chris came by, trying to steal the divine artifact that makes my personal dungeon. She said that Eris-sama declared that the laptop was too dangerous in my hands…"

"Well, even a spoon is dangerous in your hands… You could use it to do something lewd."

What kind of lewd thing could I do with a spoon?

"Kazuma, I'm afraid that I will have to side with Eris-sama here… I promised to serve her, after all."

"Serve her… Oi, when was the last time you actually retrieved an artifact for Eris-sama?"

"...! Um… I-I helped Chris while we were still in the lower floors!"

"So that was around the moment we first met. Hah… Listen, it's not like you're a worshipper of Eris-sama, you're just someone who did some work for her in the past. You're nothing more than a temp employee, got it? So there's no reason why you need to be so loyal."

"H-How dare you! Eris-sama aside, Chris is my friend! There's no way I'm going to let her rot in a cell!"

"Hahaha! I didn't know morning programs were so funny!"

"..."

Darkness went quiet as Chris's joyful laughter could be heard through the monitor.

"Ahem… W-Well, at least let me talk to her. Maybe I can convince her to return the laptop to you."

I gave Darkness access to the intercom to speak to Chris.

"Chris, it's Darkness. Are you alright?"

We saw Chris pausing mid bite. She set the chopsticks and the bowl down before saying, in a low voice,

"Darkness, help me… Kazuma-kun trapped me in this horrible place!"

"Chris-sama, would you like me to massage your lower back next?"

Chris froze in place once the golem maid spoke.

"A-Ah… These golems are torturing me…"

"...Chris, I'm watching you on a monitor right now."

"..."

Darkness turned away from the monitor.

"I-In any case, you can't keep her there forever!"

She seemed to lose some of her fight.

…

…

I tried to put the matter of Chris aside as I went to school with Rin.

Of course, we finished our morning session before heading over to school.

"Yo, Kazuma."

Lia greeted me with a smile when I arrived in class.

She had her class-rep disguise on as always, but I couldn't help but think back to how she looked back then.

"Hm? What's the matter? You're staring…"

I shook my head, trying to get rid of that image.

"Say, Lia, can you give me some advice?"

"Hmm… I'll try my best."

"What do you do if you disagree with a friend? Like… They think that something is bad for you, but you think they're wrong."

She glanced away.

"For the record, it's not like I think that having a messy room is a good thing… It just happens."

She thought I was talking about that.

"It's not about you. It's about another friend."

"Oh? Did you have a fight with Darkness?"

I guess she only knew the friends I talked to at school.

"No, another friend."

She gasped.

"Wait, you really have that many friends?"

Should I feel insulted?

As we sat down at our respective desks, she tapped a finger on her chin.

"I don't know… I think that we should keep our beliefs and friendships separate. Like, I shouldn't have to change my ideals to maintain a friendship with someone. That should never be a prerequisite. Does that make sense?"

I nodded, finding the logic in that.

At the same time, I shouldn't expect Chris to bend to my own whims.

I even trapped her in a cell.

…Ah, I'm such a shitty person.

"Eh?! Why do you look so sad, Kazuma?!"

"...I don't know. I feel like I just really screwed up."

"What do you mean?"

I glanced away. This wasn't hard to talk about.

"I did something really selfish to a friend… I'm not sure it's enough if I apologize. I feel like such a jerk."

She stared at me for a while.

"Come with me."

She grabbed my hand and took me outside.

"Oi… Classes will start soon."

"This is more important than classes!"

"The class rep is playing hooky? So scandalous…"

"You're more important than my reputation, Kazuma."

That made my heart skip a beat. As expected of an idol, she knew all the right things to completely charm you.

If I wasn't careful, this already delicate balance of platonic intimacy we shared would crumble.

All it took was one or two more lines like that.

And then, it happened.

She took me to the school roof. Once she opened the door, the cool wind blew past us. The door closed and she pulled me into a hug, resting her head on my chest, head turned to the side, eyes cast downwards.

"What's this about…"

I said, my resolve breaking apart with every second that passed.

It was like… Why was I even holding back? I should definitely just make a move already!

I was fine getting handjobs from Chris but not from Lia? What kind of double standard was that?

Before I could act, my hands already reaching up to her face, she said,

"Do you feel better?"

She looked up and gave me such a pure, innocent smile that all my lust faded away.

Or at least, they were temporarily withheld by my greater conscience.

"Yeah… Thanks…"

I gently wrapped my hands around her.

"I don't know why you feel like a jerk, or who you offended or how, but you're my best friend. I'm not gonna let you feel like you're a jerk, even if you really did do something terrible. I'm always gonna be here for you, you know that, right?"

Each word made my heart melt and made me feel even guiltier for thinking about sex at such a moment.

Really, what the hell was wrong with me?

I had all these selfish desires.

Whether it's trapping Chris in a cell, or constantly viewing Lia as a sexual object, there's this impulsive part of me that always acts on its own self-interest.

Maybe it was all the power I had, the knowledge that I could get away with anything.

Having multiple women, having money and superpowers, it made me capable of doing things that I could only dream of as a NEET.

And I guess that went to my head a little.

I don't know if that's really an accurate assessment, but that was what it felt like. The fact that I can only give tangential approximations of my own psyche must mean that I wasn't as self-aware as I thought.

Maybe Aqua had me beat in that regard.

Chuckling, I just enjoyed Lia's warmth, her selfless friendship and purity.

I gave her a chaste kiss on the forehead.

"I don't deserve you."

She pouted and snuggled herself on me.

"...You're missing the point of my pep talk if you're talking like that."

The class bell rang, but we stayed like that, holding each other.

We got chewed out by the sensei when we got back.

Part 3

There was a game afterschool, but we'd have to travel to another school.

We were loaded up on a bus and taken there.

The whole time, though, I was worried about Chris.

Although, when I checked the feed on my phone, I saw that she was just watching Netflix and eating snacks.

…Should I be worried about her or not?

We were dealing with a weaker team this time, although I sort of overestimated how large the skill gap actually was.

Or rather, now that I was at superhuman levels, I could pretty much do whatever I wanted.

Starting from a defensive position, I tackled a winger who was trying to run all by himself up the pitch.

Then I dribbled the ball up the field.

I could have connected on a short pass to others, but I felt like I could go all the way up to connect with Mitsurugi.

Everyone else seemed to move slowly in my eyes. My dribbling wasn't overly creative, but I switched directions so fast that I left everyone behind from pure quickness and reflexes alone.

Then I did a simple through pass to Mitsurugi, who was open from all the attention I was getting.

We racked up 2 goals in this way. From then on I just simply played defensively, letting the game draw out.

"What a masterful game! You dominated out there, Satou-kun!"

The coach said, ecstatically congratulating me after the game.

Maybe I shouldn't have showed off so much.

"Well, at least you didn't use skills."

Mitsurugi said, not able to complain at all, since he justified his high stats by saying he couldn't help it.

"Although at least try to make an effort to control your strength."

I was trying to. The fact that they were a weak team just made me look like a god amongst mortals. A better team could have at least come up with a plan to slow me down.

I didn't want to have to wait for the drive back, so I just said that my parents were going to pick me up.

After finding a place to hide, I teleported back to the dungeon.

I took a deep breath, then created a dungeon door to Chris's cell.

"..."

Chris stared at me.

She was in the middle of taking her top off, exposing her white bra. Her shorts were also off, meaning that she was wearing nothing but panties.

"S-So you captured me for this purpose, huh?!"

She hurriedly covered herself up.

Of course I was faced with this usual cliche.

My mind was occupied with thoughts of how I'd apologize, that I didn't even think to check first.

I let her get changed. When she returned, I bowed to her.

"Sorry, Chris…! I'm such a terrible friend. I know I did something unforgivable."

After a few moments, she sighed,

"Yeah, you did. But I should have also trusted you more. I can't exactly call you my friend, yet say that the artifact is in the wrong hands when you have it. That kind of goes against everything friendship represents."

"No… You were right to doubt me. I mean, here I am, trapping my friend inside a cell. That's horrible no matter how you think about it."

While I was talking, a golem came over.

"Chris-sama. Your incensed bath is ready. The chocolates and wine have also been prepared."

"..." x 2.

Chris glanced away from me.

"...Oi, here I am apologizing, but haven't you been living well?"

She pointed her fingers together.

"W-What, you'll feel better if I was living like a real prisoner?! What's wrong with me enjoying the accommodations?"

She was talking about this place as if it were a resort.

Going back on track, I said,

"So… What should we do? I'm sorry, Chris, I value our friendship, but I can't compromise my ideals. I… I don't agree with your approach. I know it's selfish of me to say this, when I helped you steal the artifacts of other app-users, and I know it's egotistical to say that I'm different from them, but I really think that it will be more beneficial to the world if I have this laptop."

It was the most difficult thing to do, to reject your friend's ideals for the sake of your own.

But like Lia said, I should never have to change my ideals to maintain a friendship. That should never be a prerequisite.

Her eyes softened. She sat on the couch and patted the spot beside her. Once I sat down, she said,

"...Maybe I've been a bit overzealous, but I also can't throw away my own sense of justice to accommodate yours. Even if you're a good friend."

"Yeah… Even though you're a good friend who gives me amazing handjobs and sometimes lets me cum in your mouth…"

"Why are you mentioning that now?!"

She blushed and whacked me with a pillow.

She set the pillow over her lap, then said,

"How about this? I'll let you keep the laptop, but I'll closely supervise everything you do. You invited me to live in the mansion, anyway."

"Why did you never move in, by the way? It's been almost a whole month since I invited you."

She glanced away.

"Well, I have a lot of things to take care of… And I live quite far away."

I guess not everyone can move from their country to Japan just like Darkness did.

The fact that she was willing to do this warmed my heart.

I smiled and pulled Chris into a hug. She tensed for a moment, before returning it.

"Thanks… I'm glad we came up with a middle-ground."

"...I'll be a strict supervisor, though. So don't think that I'll let you off easy."

To show my trust in her, I gave Chris admin privileges to the laptop. This meant that she could disable it at any time, if she felt that I was going too far.

"Ah, how about I show you Norse? That way, you'll see that Regina-sama can be trusted."

"...Trusting a Dark Goddess… Eris-sama will need to be convinced before she accepts a Dark Goddess…"

"I told you she's not a Dark Goddess. And is Eris-sama really that stubborn, or are you just projecting yourself on her?"

For some reason, she chuckled at that.

"Alright, let's go check out Norse, then."

Part 4

My clone had made significant progress in constructing Norse according to Regina-sama's data.

I had also been steadily adding new residents by way of ghost-to-golem transfer.

"Ah, boya. It's good to see you…"

I blinked when I saw Regina-sama.

She looked so malnourished and gloomy last time, wearing dark clothes over her thin frame.

But now, her body had filled up a bit, and she was wearing something like a white toga.

There was also a slight golden glow around her.

Chris also seemed surprised.

She leaned in to whisper to me.

"...Is this really the Dark Goddess?"

"I told you that she went back to being a real goddess…"

Feeling compelled to do so, I gave a small bow to Regina-sama.

"Regina-sama, there is someone here who would like to meet you."

She turned to Chris, then tilted her head.

"Hm? Wait a minute. You're…"

Chris waved her hands around.

"A-Ah…! So you're Regina-sama, huh? Hmm… It seems that I was mistaken! You're not a Dark Goddess after all! Very well, then! Carry on! Restoring your kingdom, huh… How noble!"

She was singing a completely different tune.

Also, she seemed really nervous for some reason.

Regina-sama gave Chris a shrewd look.

"I see… Well, you're just lucky that I don't govern over the aspects of Puppetry anymore. Instead, I will offer you a truce, since I am now the goddess of Alliances and Redemption. Does that work out for you?"

"Yes! I agree with that! Let's shake on it!"

I was glad that it worked out, but…

This seemed kind of suspicious.

From there, Regina-sama gave us a small tour of the city.

"...Everyone here is a ghost inhabiting a golem body… It doesn't seem like it, though."

Chris said, as we walked around the residential area.

"Indeed. Everyone is very lively, aren't they?"

Regina-sama waved to her citizens, who all stopped to call after her.

She was already quite beloved by the people.

"Ah, Regina-sama! Oh, and Onanii-san!"

"..."

The girl known as Anna came over to us.

As for this 'Onanii-san' moniker she called me…

It was a new nickname she came up with recently.

It was a portmanteau of 'onani' and 'onii-san'.

Calling me a masturbating onii-san…

This was because as a ghost, she often saw me jerking off.

I pulled her aside.

"Oi… I told you to stop calling me that already."

"Ehh… I don't see any treats on you, though."

Crap, I forgot to bribe her.

"I'll give you double the treats next time, just stop it!"

"Hehe… Jackpot."

This girl was practically Aika-chan's soulmate.

As for what they both had in common, it was their smugness.

Once I got Anna to buzz off, we resumed our tour.

At the end of it, Chris sighed and said,

"OK… I'm convinced now. I shouldn't have been so judgmental."

She gave a small smile.

"I'm glad to earn your approval."

Regina-sama said, with an elegant bow. I said,

"Hold on… A goddess shouldn't bow to mortals. It's a bad look, isn't it?"

Regina-sama blinked at me, before turning to Chris.

"Ah, yes. I suppose."

Chris turned to me and said,

"Alright. I guess I'll prepare to move into the mansion now."

"Since you have admin controls, you can create dungeon doors now. Create one where you live, so you can go back and forth anytime you want."

"I see… Ah, perhaps I can ask Eris-sama if I can create such a door to her realm, so you can visit her when you need to."

"Oh, good idea."

I taught Chris how to use the laptop to create dungeon doors, as well as the hand gesture shortcuts and voice commands to open them quickly.

"I see. This was how you trapped me, huh?"

Although we already forgave each other, she still seemed to be annoyed about that.

Even though she was enjoying the luxurious accommodations.

I felt like I had gotten closer with Chris due to that fight.

But I also felt that there was still some kind of distance we needed to close.

For some reason, I felt like Chris was holding something back from me.

And the fact that she was so overzealous for Eris-sama didn't really make sense to me, either.

Darkness wasn't as dedicated to her mission as Chris was, even though she was a Crusader.

I mean, I doubted that Chris was ultra-religious, and that was the reason for it.

Could a normal person even worship a goddess that wasn't part of this world's religion? It seems way too sudden for Chris to have such loyalty for Eris-sama.

Then again, this was how cults formed.

Eris-sama seemed so innocent, but maybe she was doing sinister things like grooming Chris.

I made sure to keep this incredibly viable theory in mind.

I watched as Chris created a dungeon door and went back to pack her things.

"Ah, boya. Can you come to my estate? I'd like to talk to you about something."

Once Chris left, Regina-sama said this to me with a smile.

"Oh, sure."

I followed Regina-sama into her home, which was an estate that fit someone of her station.

She was originally reluctant to live in such a grand place, but it seems she made it her own, making it more comfortable and feeling less intimidatingly luxurious. Every citizen could request the AI to create any furniture they needed or desired. I gave them all tablets that had limited access to the system, giving them the right to send requests and minor alterations, such as changing the color or layout of their houses.

Regina-sama prepared tea for me, then we sat on the couch.

"Boya, I just wanted to thank you once more for… Everything. I really don't deserve any of this."

She smiled, while sipping her tea.

"It's fine. I'm the one who owes you way more for saving Megumin."

"No… I did that for my own self-interest. I need to reward you beyond that… But I can't offer anything aside from… Well…"

She chuckled before pointing to herself.

"Are you perhaps… Interested in sleeping with me?"

It took all I had not to drop my teacup.

"...Hah?"

Part 5

I stared at Regina-sama.

Humu?

Did I hear that right?

"Ah, did Regina-sama mean like an afternoon nap?

"...Boya, do you really see me as some kind of child? Do I need to remind you that I am many times older than you?"

"Oh. Right."

"I know you're just pretending you forgot, but that still kind of annoys me!"

I looked at Regina-sama.

Well, she certainly was a beauty.

And if she was anything like Aqua and Wolbach, I knew that her body would feel really good.

But still…

I could sense that she was only offering this because she really did think that the only thing she could offer me was her body.

Somehow, that made me feel kind of bad.

I mean, Rorisa also offered to reward me in a similar way, but the way Regina-sama was offering now didn't feel like it was along the same lines.

I've also begun to be more selective about who I sleep with now, after I gained a new perspective with Lia.

Perhaps I was straying away from that rule I set for myself, about how I would never turn down a beautiful girl who offers to sleep with me.

Now, I was starting to see the value in letting things develop more, rather than jumping into sex right away.

Perhaps I grew up from the days when I'd mindlessly accept any offer of casual sex, like I did with Dark+Angel and Rorisa.

"Regina-sama, perhaps we should try to get to know each other more before jumping into things like that."

"Oh? Even though I heard that you already have a harem?"

I bet Anna was the one she heard that from.

"Hm… Perhaps people are a lot more conservative these days. Back in the old days of Norse, it was common to use sex as something like a service that could be traded. I often let foreign merchants sleep with me in exchange for expensive materials. Of course, they would do anything for a chance to sleep with a goddess, fufu…"

She had quite a nostalgic look as she said that.

Did Norse really operate in such a manner?

What a culture shock.

I suppose that was the reason why Regina-sama offered her body so easily.

That did kind of change things.

If this was a matter of values, then it would be wrong if I were to deny her, right?

She was offering this because she felt indebted to me, after all. It would be like I was trampling over her resolve if I refused.

…No, that felt like I was only justifying this!

Regina-sama smiled and nodded her head.

"Well, if that is your decision, boya, then I won't push it."

Ah, the window closed before I could change my mind.

I couldn't help but feel somewhat disappointed.

Even though it was my decision.

"Still, I do want a way to reward you…"

"The best way to reward me is to take care of Norse. After all, the more people are here, the more dungeon points I will get."

"I see… Then I'll continue to work hard in that regard.

She gave me a wonderful smile in return.

Some part of me already felt regretful for turning her down, though.

Your bond with Regina has deepened!

Regina (Fallen Goddess), Bond Rank: 3

Although she offered to sleep with you, instead you have offered Regina another way to repay the favor. She will continue to guide the citizens of Norse to a new era of prosperity. She trusts you even more now, seeing that you don't view your relationship with her as a transactional one, although she doesn't seem opposed to using her body in negotiations. The cultural values might be a cause of confusion for you two moving forward.

Bond Reward: You gain the skill [Defuse]!

[Defuse] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp)

If you have the attention of an enemy creature, reduce your own threat level in that creature's eyes. They will turn their attention to the creature with a higher threat level. The success of this skill depends on your Cunning (118).

…

…

Once I left Norse, I went back to the mansion to see if Chris was doing fine moving in.

She created a dungeon door and was stepping out of it, pulling her belongings along. I helped her with them as I led her to an empty room.

"This place sure is spacious…"
She said, looking around at the mansion.

Once all her stuff was in the room, I said,

"We take turns cooking the meals. Aside from that, there aren't really any house rules, aside from keeping everything clean and all that."

"I see. Anything else I should know about?"

"Oh, yeah. If you want to night raid me, you should probably figure out a schedule with the other girls. You're the new girl, so it's probably best for you not to step on any toes."

I was just teasing her, so I expected her to retort to that.

But instead, she blushed and said,

"...I'll keep that in mind."

Oh?

Well, well, well.

I suppose there was a reason why she went along with it those times.

She really was an ero thief.

Before I could do anything, though, Iris peered in curiously through the open door.

"Ah, do we have a new guest?"

Since Iris didn't know Chris, I had to make introductions.

"Iris, this is Chris, the erotic thief."

"Eh? Ero…"

Chris gave me a smack on the back of my head.

"What are you saying?! Iris-chan, is it? Nice to meet you!"

"Oh, I see. Another one joins onii-sama's harem, huh?"

"N-No, I…"

Chris then tried her best to change Iris's perspective of her, but it was already too late.

"You should know that tonight, it is Aqua-san's turn, and she considers herself the 'matron' of the group. It would be unwise to question her authority."

"Eh? Aqua-sen… Aqua-san is the matron, huh… Rather, this information doesn't benefit me!"

I found it a bit worrisome that Iris was up to date with the going-ons of the harem. Well, I guess it was hard to limit the things she'll pick up while in this house.

In order to dispel the awkward subject, I led Chris down to share the news with the others.

The one who was the most happy to see Chris moving in, of course, was Darkness.

"I'm glad that whole unpleasant matter was settled."

Darkness said, smiling as she held Chris's hands.

"Yeah… Sorry for worrying you, Darkness."

"No problem! I'm glad Eris-sama gave me that vision, or you would have hogged all the fun to yourself… Ah, by the way, can we make use of that cell later, Kazuma?"

I didn't even want to know what Darkness was thinking of, at that moment.

Part 6

It turned out that Chris was also putting in work when it came to gaining levels. She was pretty high level herself, at level 54. Later on, during our daily dungeon run, I assigned her to the B team with Mary, Iris and Rin.

She was high-level, but not enough that she could join the Mitsurugi led team.

"Papa, are you sure you just don't want to dilute the amount of EXP I get from being in the top group, by introducing another mouth to feed?"

Aika-chan made this baseless accusation against me, when I assigned Chris to the B group.

"Of course not."

I handed Aika-chan a treat to make her shut up.

"It's a shame, I thought that Chris and I could adventure together like in the old days."

Darkness said, once I quieted Aika-chan down.

Chris glanced away. Then she sarcastically said,

"Oh, yes. I sure missed those days. Being caught by cloth-eating slimes and assaulted by Giant Toads…"

"Fufu. We sure did some crazy things back in the day."

Darkness said, talking as if she was reminiscing about her wild college days with an old roommate.

Even though Chris looked traumatized.

"Unfortunately, Chris and I already have a lot of overlapping skill sets. This works out in terms of team compositions."

"So that's your excuse, papa?"

I handed Aika-chan another treat.

Once everyone agreed, we all split apart into our assigned groups.

Since there was a teleportation circle on floor 58, we just used that instead of teleporting over.

Using our established attack pattern, the monsters on this floor also didn't prove much of a challenge.

You have gained 2 levels!

From my own kills as well as Mary and Aika-chan's I gained 2 levels right away.

I switched back to the Gambler class and put 10 points on luck.

"...Is there even a point in staying on these floors?"

Megumin said, as she saw me one-shotting enemies with a bunch of crits.

"I suppose not."

I said, after we cleared a group of Elemental Knights.

"Then I propose this. Since it seems that none of us have quests related to bosses before the 60th floor, just let me use explosion on the next two bosses. You can just recover my mana with [Drain Touch] after."

I hated to go along with Megumin's explosion-oriented plans, but that did make sense.

And so, we went to the 58th boss floor with this plan in mind.

"Explosion!"

As soon as Megumin saw the boss monster, she used explosion.

The enemy was a horde of Shadow Mares.

Horses that were completely made out of shadows. They moved at tremendous speeds and trampled enemies over using their speed.

They were also intangible unless hit by powerful magic.

I suppose Megumin's plan worked especially well on this floor.

I picked her up before she could fall on the ground.

The environment was a constantly dark area with frigid water that went up to your ankles.

There were traps and shadowy creatures within that water, such as Shadow Eels, which latch onto your ankle and use an attack akin to [Drain Touch].

I solved this by creating another golem car to speed through the area once the boss monsters were defeated.

In this way, we made it to the 59th floor unharmed. I recovered Megumin's mana as soon as we made it out.

"So we're speed running the dungeon, huh?"

Aqua said, as I dismissed the golem car.

"This should suit your lazy personality well."

"...I'd argue, but this is actually quite the ideal situation for me."

I knew she'd say that.

Darkness sighed as we moved forward.

"I don't know… It's not as fun without the danger."

"Why would it be fun if it's dangerous? Not all of us share your twisted desires."

"I'm expecting some prison play once we're done with this."

There she was again.

"Darkness, you should know by now, that I don't actually have limits. If you're serious about that prison play, I can give you the most intense prison play you can ever imagine… No, it'll be worse than what you're imagining."

"...?! W-What crazy thing do you have planned?!"

Megumin sighed as Darkness started shaking in excitement.

"Save it for the bedroom, you two."

"Megumin, don't pretend as if you weren't enjoying that play, where you had me pretend that I was a stranger who found you after you used explosion, and you wanted me to force you to…"

"...?! T-That stuff is private information! Don't tell them that!"

"You even had me design a whole floor for this play…"

"Is that so, Megumin?! Tell me more! Also, it's not fair if Megumin gets a whole fetish floor to herself! Make one for me, too!"

Aqua shook her head in disapproval.

"Seriously? Using a dungeon floor in such a wasteful manner. Shame on you two."

Finally, she was saying something that made sense.

Which was why I knew she'd say something stupid next.

"Kazuma, can you make a floor with a lake full of alcohol?"

And there it was.

"...How about I make you a vineyard instead?"

"Hm… I guess that can also work."

I managed to scale down her request.

The journey to floor 59 was also made with automatic ease.

The enemies never made it past Darkness's [Taunt], and if an enemy somehow managed to slip through, she'd use her spear's range to prevent the enemy from passing. That absurd strength of hers even managed to knock an ogre off its feet, making it fall prone, with just a sweep of her spear.

And sometimes Megumin didn't even need to charge in. There were times that Darkness got into a zone and took down the enemies by herself, landing a majority of her attacks.

"...Hey, if Darkness is this powerful, doesn't it make the rest of us look bad?"

Aqua said, once we saw Darkness clear the ogres by herself.

"H-How would it make you look bad?"

"Well, if the tank is also the strongest DPS, then what will the rest of us do? Your defense is so high that you barely need me to heal you."

That was true. Frontliners were traditionally those that were extremely powerful early, but started to fall off as the spellcaster and DPS classes scale.

But Darkness was actually the type of frontliner who was scaling, as her accuracy improved.

"No, the rest of us are scaling well. Aqua, you're the one who's falling behind."

"W-What?! Are you kidding me?! Even though I put all those skill points on luck?!"

"And what did you do afterwards?! You started putting them on party skills, didn't you?! And you're wondering why I'm saying that you're falling off?!"

"...I'll put my next batch of skill points on luck next time. But it's getting harder to gain levels these days…"

If she knew that, then why did she insist on putting those points back on party skills?

This girl never learns.

Rather than luck, we really needed to increase her intelligence.

Too bad that wasn't possible yet.

Part 7

The 59th floor boss turned out to be a Beastmaster.

It was a druid-like evil spirit that commanded powerful beasts, such as Hyper Rhinos, Rookie Killers and One-Shot Bears.

It empowered these creatures with its wild magic, making them several times more powerful than they should be.

But due to the straightforward attack patterns of these creatures…

"Explosion!!!"

Megumin just wiped them all out.

"Fufufu… I'm the real ace of this team… Ah, imagine if you just let me do this on every floor. We'd be on floor 100 by now."

"I see. Then I won't restore your mana, Ms. Ace."

"...Please restore my mana."

She regained her humility right away.

I made sure to gather the Hyper Rhino Horns, which I would use for more ammunition.

Still, I had to admit that we were making great progress.

Although, now we were on the 60th floor.

Mitsurugi said that this floor was the beginning of what could be called the true high-level floors.

It was a sea biome with the boss monster being a kraken.

There were also powerful monsters along the way, such as Torpedo Sharks and Sirens.

In order to get through this floor…

"[Golem Manipulation!]"

I transformed the golem and used [Smithing] as well to turn it into a pseudo submarine.

"...You really do come up with everything, huh, Kazuma?"
Aqua said, as we loaded up on the submarine. To make sure it was durable, I used the adamantite armor I had to cover the exterior, also asking to borrow Darkness's to make sure there was enough material.

Then I sent the golem into the water, commanding it to use its propellers to speed through underwater.

To navigate, Aqua and I used our [Night Vision], which I used in tandem with [Farsight].

Then, when the first enemy appeared, a Torpedo Shark…

"Fire!"

I loaded up our own torpedo, into a launcher that was filled with electric runes.

It was a golem torpedo that was prepared ahead of time. The tip was covered with the newly acquired Hyper Rhino Horn.

We watched as the Hyper Rhino torpedo tore through the shark, a critical hit landing on it.

I then retrieved the torpedo using [Retrieve Ammo].

"...I can't believe that worked."

Aqua said, watching the shark that was torn to shreds.

"That was so cool!"

Megumin said, jumping excitedly as she saw the attack.

As for the sirens…

Well, I made sure that we couldn't hear their song through the submarine.

Although, it was a bit hard not to look at them, since they were topless and quite beautiful.

"Oi, Kazuma, eyes straight."
"Yes, ma'am."

Aqua caught me sneaking a glance.

After some time…

"...!!! There it is!"

The kraken.

One of the most famous mythical creatures.

It was huge, and it was even more intimidating underwater.

Giant tentacles shot towards us at astonishing speeds, even in these deep waters.

But…

"Explosion!"

Megumin created an underwater bomb.

The kraken was blown up right away by the hydraulic shockwave.

The powerful kraken didn't even last as the pressure tore it apart.

"..."

This was supposed to be the start of the difficult floors, but…

I guess we really had grown way too powerful.

From then on, as we encountered krakens, the rest of us took turns destroying them with the torpedoes.

Even if it took a couple more torpedoes to take them down, the krakens were still easily dealt with.

As for the loot…

I designed some mechanical arms, with a net attached, on the golem submarine that would retrieve materials that were dropped.
In this way, we harvested the most important part of the golem, its eyes.

Eye of the Kraken - Legendary

This item can be used to create aquatic armor that would allow the user to breathe underwater for an unlimited amount of time, as well as swim at astonishing speeds. It could also be used to create a legendary weapon called the Trident of the Kraken.

Sells for: 5,000,000 Yen

…This always happens in games, too.

Where they give you items that would have been useful at the start of the level, as a reward for finishing the level.

Still, I gathered these along with the materials of the torpedo sharks.

We had gathered a lot of materials during this run, in general.

Although Megumin damaged a lot of them.

Once we made it out of the 60th floor, I dismissed the Golem Submarine.

I couldn't even imagine what it was like for other app-users trying to get through that floor.

Mitsurugi said the current meta was to acquire 'Boots of Water Walking'. Just like with the lake floor.

But still… Fighting a kraken using such a method seemed ridiculous to me.

I replenished Megumin's mana when we made it to the next floor.

You gained 3 levels!

Just like before, I spent it all on Luck.

Once you commit to a build, you should stick with it.

"Let's keep going! After all, we're…"

"Don't say anymore."
I said to Aqua, before she could trigger any flags.

I even stopped myself from thinking what she was about to say next.

"...Just keep going without saying anything. No, if the mood gets too serious, that's also a flag. Nevermind. Just be your usual dumbass self."

"What do you mean by that?!"

Aqua grabbed me and shook me around.

"...Aqua, at some point you should stop falling for the bait. Just ignore that bully and let's keep going. By the way, Kazuma, about this trident…"

I see.

I thought that Darkness was defending Aqua, but she just wanted to see what this trident would do.

I took one of the kraken eyes and used [Smithing] on an improvised spear.

Trident of the Kraken - Legendary

A trident with a Kraken Eye at its core. Can be thrown and returned to the user's hand at will, regardless of the distance. The trident will manually fly to the user's hand. The success of this ranged attack depends on whether the target can pass a 'Dexterity' skill check of 90. If the target passes the skill check, they will still take 5 Lightning damage from a bolt of lightning striking from above. If the target hits, along with the weapon damage, they will take 10 lightning damage.

This item really suited Darkness well.

Not only would it give her a long ranged attack option, it even had a feature that relied on the enemy having to pass an incredibly high-skill check, instead of Darkness's own weapon accuracy.

"Ah… What a splendid weapon!

I noticed something.

…Wasn't Darkness getting all the best loot recently?

She even got the Winter Shogun armor and Sword.

"Darkness, you're becoming quite a loot goblin, huh?"

"Goblin? Where?"

She randomly got excited when I said the word goblin.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, kinggamerlite29 and 196 others
BoringBone
Jun 8, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 58: A Favor To This Lizardman King!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Jun 22, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,441
A/N: An NSFW Kazuma x Chris x Darkness commissioned work is now up for sale on my Patreon!

Summary: The Silver-Haired Thieves Group strikes again! Except they fail in stealing a noble's artifact and end up being arrested by the police. Kazuma gets Darkness to bail them out, but it seems that Darkness wants something in exchange...


Chapter 58: A Favor To This Lizardman King!

Part 1

Quest Completed! You have defeated the 60th floor boss!

You have gained 5 levels!

I put all 50 skill points on Luck again.

Now, [High Roller] gave me +23 bonus damage with each critical hit.

That's insane no matter how you think about it.

I then checked the Random Loot Box I got for defeating the kraken.

You received a spellbook for the Advanced Magic spell, [Bottomless Swamp]!

A spell book appeared in front of me.

Finally, I could learn my first Advanced spell.

According to Yunyun, it might take me a couple days to read.

I put it away in my inventory for now.

The others were still energetic and we had good momentum, so we kept exploring the dungeon.

Mitsurugi told me that although the 60th floor range was much more difficult than the previous floors, this is usually when app-users achieve a large power-spike, making it easy for them to take on even difficult enemies.

I understood what he meant, as we continued to clear floor after floor, at such speed that we didn't even think about resting even after we defeated the boss of each floor.

"Explooosiooon!"

Megumin let out the biggest explosion I had seen from her yet, as she blew up the 64th floor boss, a Mutant Umber Hulk, which had an adamantium shell around it. It looked like a large, bipedal beetle and would dig around the soft soil of this biome.
But I used [Bind] to restrict its movements and Megumin finished it off with an explosion.

"Ugh… This bug stinks when it's all fried up like that."

Aqua said, covering her nose.

I created a golem car and we vacated the area, before the awful smell could stick to our clothes.

[Lore Reading] told me that the mutant Umber Hulk's armor could be made into light armor, but I used medium armor, so that wasn't really all that useful to me.

We moved on to the 65th floor.

This was the floor with that special boss area Mitsurugi told us about.

A lizardman kingdom that was led by a wise king.

The optional challenge for the area was to earn the king's favor.

There have been a few app-users who tried to cause trouble on this floor, refusing to abide by the king's rules, and they were swiftly dealt with.

Individually, the lizardmen were quite weak, but with a well-equipped army of 5,000, no amount of cheat-items can help a single egoistic app-user from surviving that.

Stealing was also a grave crime on this floor, Mitsurugi warned us. Even if you only steal a wooden plate, the guards will immediately surround you, giving you an ultimatum to turn yourself in, or risk execution.

Getting caught and put into jail was pretty bad.

Although they don't keep you in there for a long time, the jail cells have a functionality of decreasing one's skill ranks and stat points for each day spent in prison.

Even spending only a week in that prison will destroy any app-user's progress. One of the strongest app-users apparently retired, because he tried to steal a high-level weapon from a blacksmith, and was put in jail for a week. All of his skill points were reverted to Rank 1, and he lost 70 points in each stat.

He went back to his convenience store job after that.

With those kinds of horror stories, some app-users skipped this floor altogether, using an 'express lane' to the exit that lizardmen have built themselves, in order to quickly get rid of app-users who were intending on skipping the floor.

Otherwise, the lizardmen were friendly to app-users, willing to trade with them, exchange information and socialize. I heard that there were even app-users with peculiar tastes who have decided to 'build a life' in the lizardman kingdom. Several infant hybrids could already be seen in the kingdom, as it only takes 30 days for a female to hatch an egg.

Darkness, when she heard this, let out a creepy chuckle.

"I wonder what it's like to lay an egg…"

We all pretended we didn't hear her say that

I was curious about this fascinating kingdom and opened the door with a lot of anticipation.

"Identification, please."

Only to be greeted by a stern-looking lizardman, wearing formal clothing.

Right behind the door, there was an additional barricade that was guarded by lizardmen wearing steel armor and carrying crossbows.

We all took out our phones and showed them to the lizardman, who read our names and wrote them down. He then took out some paper and rapidly drew a perfect sketch of me. He must have used some kind of artistic skill.

"Satou Kazuma… Here is your temporary ID. Please don't lose it."

"Wait, you can read and write in Japanese?"

I said, looking at the ID he gave me.

The fast drawing was already enough for me to marvel at, but this lizardman just wrote my name and info in perfect Japanese.

"Yes, sir. All border officials are required to learn Japanese."
I knew that Mitsurugi said that this kingdom had the most advanced monster society in the dungeon, but I didn't think it would be to this extent.

"Wait a second."

We were all let through, but he stopped Megumin.

He looked at her app and said,

"...You have explosion magic. This will be a problem."

"Hah? What's wrong with explosion magic?"

"There has been a domestic terrorist in the kingdom who has been causing problems using detonation magic. The terrorist is a former mine worker who started rebelling against her quartermaster. She has even recruited other miners, who all know detonation magic as well. They have been doing hit-and-run attacks as of late. As such, users of detonation magic are being closely supervised."

There were stars in Megumin's eyes.

"That sounds amazing! How can I join these guys?"

That was the worst possible thing she could have said at this time.

It was like going to an airport and yelling 'I have a bomb!'.

The guards all immediately turned to Megumin, eyeing her warily.

I rushed to intervene.

I switched to the [Monster Ally] title and used [Monster Talk] to directly speak in their language.

Just to be safe, I also used [Bluff].

"Forgive me, this one over here… Well, let's just say that she's a bit special, if you know what I mean."

The guards relaxed when they heard me speak with their native tongue. The border official also gave Megumin a look of empathy.

"I see. Please do not worry, the kingdom of Lizardia does not discriminate against those with mental disabilities. In fact, they are highly-regarded."

He took out an armband and presented it to Megumin.

Along with the lizardman language, there was a Japanese-translation on the bottom.

It read: 'Highly Regarded Individual'.

"Please wear this at all times, so that people are aware of your condition."

The official handed it to Megumin, who eagerly accepted the armband, wearing it proudly.

"Fufu… This place must be very advanced if they were able to recognize my true nature…"

The lizardman solemnly nodded.

"Yes, I had an inkling as soon as you arrived."

"I do apologize. I'll try to hide my power level better next time."

Thankfully, I had the [Bluff] skill active and was able to keep a poker face.

Otherwise, I would have laughed and hollered the whole time.

Aqua pouted and said,

"Hold on, how come I don't have that armband! I'm also highly regarded!"

Maybe I should have put points into the [Bluff] skill.

My poker face broke and I started laughing my ass off.

Darkness also started laughing as soon as I did.

"O-Oi, Kazuma… Hold it in, hold it in!"

"I can't! This is impossible!"

Aqua stared at us obliviously, but Megumin was smart enough to piece together what was going on, when she saw us laughing.

She furiously ripped the armband off and pointed at the border official.

"W-What are you making me wear?! What kind of insult is this?!"

The border official gave her a kind, understanding smile.

"Shh… It's OK. I understand that you are prone to tempers at random times. Don't worry, individuals such as yourself are given a lot of social leeway. That's what the armband is for."

He handed her another armband to wear.

Megumin was about to lunge at the guy, but I stopped her and whispered.

"Oi, Megumin. We can use this to our advantage, so just keep the armband. It's our get out of jail free card."

"..."

She slowly nodded, understanding the strategic importance of this armband.

The official also gave Aqua an armband, who proudly wore it, still not catching on.

Your 'Cunning' went up by +5!

Part 2

The guards opened the gate for us to walk through.

We followed the path out of the border office and found ourselves in front of the vast castle walls.

We stared in awe at the size of the walls, as well as the line of people waiting to get in.

I was surprised to see that there was a mix of intelligent monsters lined in here. Goblins, kobolds and ogres.

And to my surprise, there was even a female orc in line.

She glanced at me and a look of lust filled her eyes, and she licked her lips.

However, she noticed a guard passing by and she took her eyes away disappointedly.

I see.

The monsters that were coming to this floor were on their best behavior.

That was because if they spent even a day in prison, their stats would decrease.

That was pretty much a death sentence for a monster, who can't raise their levels as much as an app-user.

I also noticed that there were app-users lined up. I talked to one of them.

"Hey, are you here for the optional quest?"

I asked a male app-user, only to see that it was Kikuchi.

The guy who operated the now defunct female orc brothel.

"..."

I went silent when I saw him.

He glared at me when he recognized me.

"Ah, if it isn't the saboteur…"

It seems he still held a grudge about that.

"...Why are you mad at me? I fixed the problem. I had the female orcs copulate with the goblins. They are also now being watched by a faithful Giant Toad."

I said, referring to Pocky-chan, who became the guardian of the goblins.

"Well, I suppose you're right about that. But there's also the problem of my business being shut down. I spent a lot of money on those [Change Shape] spell tomes, you know?"

He looked at me expectantly.

Was he expecting me to compensate him?

"So, what are you doing here?"

I said, changing the topic before he could get any weird ideas like me owing him money.

Even though I saved his life.

"Hmph. I heard rumors that some of the female orcs moved to this floor and opened a Shapeshifting Brothel of their own, without my permission! Even though it was my idea… I'm planning to sue them in this kingdom's court."

This place even had a legal system?

"Ah, I know! Satou, you can be my star witness!"

"No way."

I said, immediately shutting down that idea.

"...But you know that I'm the one who made that brothel! You can help me win this case in only a day!"

"A day? Is that really how long the legal process takes here?"

He nodded and said,

"Yeah. They don't have a judge. Instead, they use divination magic to determine which side is telling the truth, and what's the best verdict or resolution."

I couldn't really criticize them, since I also used divination magic a lot.

Still, I suppose it was a good way to solve criminal and litigation cases. It removes the possibility of error and bias.

He glanced at the girls behind me and said,

"Besides, don't you want to shut down this brothel, too? Last time, you were concerned that those girls' likeness will be used for the brothel, right? Look at all the app-users in here, checking those girls out. I bet they are here for the brothel and plan to use those girls later…!"

He raised a good argument there.

Since these three were beauties, there were many male app-users looking at them lustfully.

"...When's the trial?"

"In a few hours. I'll split the winnings with you, so please come!"

He was talking about this court case like a day out at the casino.

…

…

"ID, please."

The guard at the gate said, when it was our turn.

We handed them the IDs that were given to us. They nodded and stepped aside.

He smiled at Megumin and said,

"The market ahead of here is rather noisy. Please wear these so you don't get overstimulated."

"..."

Megumin accepted the ear muffs given to her by the guard. He gave one to Aqua as well.

I was pretty impressed by the consideration of these guards.

"Mitsurugi described it as a medieval society, but they're quite advanced in certain societal aspects, aren't they?"

"Indeed. To think that monsters could create such a well-functioning society."

Megumin didn't seem impressed.

"You see progress, I see patronization."

Just like the guard advised, we went through a busy market after we were allowed in.

Darkness smelled the air and smiled.

"Perhaps we can stop for a snack?"

"I suppose those big muscles of Darkness need a lot of maintenance, huh?"

"M-My muscles aren't that big!"

Since the app could convert currencies, I converted some of my money to the currency of Lizardia.

The Kingdom of Lizardia traded Adamantite, Mithril, Gold, Silver and Copper coins.

I bought 1 silver coin worth of Giant Toad skewers.

Your health has increased by +1!

It seems that I can increase my stats by eating all kinds of food here.

I could also buy ingredients for my own [Cooking] skill, instead of hunting dangerous monsters or using DP to create them.

Perhaps I should leave a teleportation mark here, as this place seemed to be incredibly useful.

As we continued to explore the place, I noticed that there were a lot of people gathering in front of a building. More specifically, they were crowding around a bulletin board.

"Ahhh! I can't believe Blacktail Company stock dropped a whole 40%! I spent all my life savings on that!"

"Oi, buy the dip on Blacktail!"

"Hmm… Do you think Manatite prices will go up soon?"

It seems that this was a Merchant's Guild.

Also, based on what they were saying…

It seems that stocks were traded in this kingdom.

"...? If divination magic is used in this kingdom, wouldn't it ensure that everyone will make money from trading?"

"Fufu, not necessarily."

A stranger answered me, a female lizardman who was wearing a navy-blue coat and a skirt.

"Hello, I'm a representative of the Merchant's Guild. Are you interested in trading?"

"I don't think I'm old enough."

"What's your age?"

"I'm 16."

"Oh, that should be fine, then!"

Since I wasn't allowed to directly buy stocks in Japan, I was surprised that I was allowed here.

"And to answer your question, divination magic is incredibly rare. It is also only used in the court, and to prevent the abuse of its power, it cannot be used for any other purpose, other than divining the truth in the court of law."

"...Wouldn't nobles just circumvent the law?"

"The court diviner will know if there are nobles who are breaking the law. That diviner is then tested with a lie-detecting magic item to ensure they are telling the truth."

There were many ways to elude Divination magic, such as what Wiz was doing to hide from Vanir.

I also imagined that the detonation terrorists were doing the same thing, otherwise the guards would have already captured them.

But if the nobles were regularly tested with a lie-detection magic item that was separate from divination magic, that would ensure that they were always honest.

This kingdom seemed to have it all figured out.

As for the stock market, I was indeed curious.

I would be found out right away if I used the crystal ball for this, but I did have extraordinarily high luck, so I didn't need to cheat.

"Can you show me a list of stocks?"

"Sure! Here are the public companies… Would you like me to give you an overview of the top industries? There are mining industries, magical research industries, agricultural industries…"

I closed my eyes and randomly pointed to a company.

"I'll buy 20,000 Adamantite coins worth of this stock."

"...Eh?"

The representative gave me a vacant look.

That was because I just picked a random stock and put 200 million Yen on it.

She started weakly laughing.

"Ahaha… That's funny…"

"No, I'm serious."

"..."

In a gentle voice, she said,

"Sir, you're still so young. You have so much to live for."

She thought that I was trying to throw my life away.

"Oh, yeah, what does this company do, anyway?"

"...I don't even know myself, sir. It's an unknown company that was only recently added to the market."

"Whoever they are, I want to put my money on this stock."

"Sir! Please reconsider!"

"Oi, you get a commission fee, right? Just take the money and buy yourself something nice."

"..."

Seeing that I wasn't going to change my mind, she just silently accepted the money.

She led us to the Merchant's guild and I dropped all the converted Yen into a vault.

Then, I was given some documents, stating that I was now the owner of this unknown company's stock.

Part 3

We headed to the king's castle after the visit to the Merchant's Guild.

There was a line to have an appointment with the king in his court.

The line was occupied with both Lizardmen nobles wearing fine clothing, as well as other app-users who were here for the quest.

"Everyone is here to get a quest from the NPC, huh?

Megumin said, as she stood on her tiptoes to look above the crowd.

"...Did you just call his majesty an NPC?"

Ah, crap.

It seems that the lizardmen were not only knowledgeable in Japanese, they were also aware of our lingo.

It was understandable, since app-users had commingled with their society to the extent there were now hybrids, and Japanese had become a second language.

Megumin… She just had to say that!

However, the Lizardman looked at the armband Megumin was wearing.

He looked at Megumin with a look of pity and patted her on the head.

"Would you like candy?"

I knew that Megumin was going to blow up right then and there.

I intervened by grabbing her neck and casting [Freeze].

"Gyahh!"

"...I'm sorry, she gets hyperactive if you feed her too much sugar. Thank you for the offer."

Megumin glared at me as the guard left.

"Kazuma… I won't forgive you for that."

I pointed my finger directly at her face.

"Listen here! You're way too smart to be acting like Aqua right now! What are you doing?! Surely, you know that causing a commotion here will have us thrown in prison! Maybe we'll even be executed!"

And I knew that Eris-sama probably didn't like me very much right now for what I did to Chris. Plus, her superiors didn't like how I reincarnated myself last time.

I couldn't afford to die right now!

"...You're right. I shouldn't act like Aqua. I'm smarter than that."

"I'm right here, you know?"

Aqua said, pulling Megumin's cheek. She went on to say,

"You keep implying that I'm some kind of benchmark for stupidity, but what was the last really stupid thing I did?! I bet you can't even recall, right?! If anything, Kazuma has been the one screwing up, haven't you?"

"...Hah? When did I screw up?"

Darkness coughed into her hand, but I looked at her, begging her not to mention the Chris thing.

"Come to think of it… Hasn't Kazuma been the main source of problems?"

Megumin said, proposing such a ridiculous idea.

"No way. Clearly the biggest liabilities here are the explosion freak and the magnet of misfortune!"

"When was the last time my explosion magic got us in trouble? That was way before, during floor 1 with the Giant Toads, right? My trigger discipline has been very good since then! Also, Aqua improved her luck, so you can't even use that against her!"

"Megumin's right! Compared to what we've done, Kazuma was the one who did things like enslaving Kobolds! And we don't even know what you're doing in your dungeon half the time… I bet there's lots of shady things we don't know!"

I avoided Darkness's judgemental look.

"No way! I refuse to believe that I'm the cause of the most problems! I bet if someone tallies up all our screwups, Aqua or Megumin will be the leader of that list, not me! Besides, Megumin was involved in the Kobold thing, too!"

Darkness rubbed her chin thoughtfully.

"Then that means that I'm the least problematic one, aren't I?"

"..." x 3.

We all paused and looked at Darkness.

Wait.

She had a point?!

"C-Come to think of it, hasn't Darkness been pretty well-behaved?"

"I mean, she still says weird stuff sometimes… But that's kind of just an idiosyncrasy more than an actual cause of problems."

Aqua and Megumin said, their faces paling as they realized that Darkness was actually the sound one in the group.

"W-Wait, there has to be some crazy and stupid thing Darkness has done!"

I said, thinking back to everything she did.

…Actually, Darkness has probably been the most clutch member in fights, especially when she increased her accuracy.

In fact, Darkness was the hardest worker among us, raising her pitiful Dexterity to levels where she could somewhat reliably hit enemies now.

Joining the naginata club, fighting low-tier monsters over and over.

I blushed while looking at Darkness.

I-Isn't Darkness kind of cool?!

Eh, someone like that is my lover?

"...Why are you all looking at me like that?"

Darkness said, confused as we looked at her with admiration.

A lizardman interrupted us and said,

"Next group, you may address his majesty!"

We broke out of our moment of admiration for Darkness and approached the king. We bowed down in front of him. Perhaps because they were affected by that talk about the ranking of liabilities, Megumin and Aqua didn't make a fuss about lowering their heads to a Lizardman.

King Lizardia was a Lizardman with a wise visage. He had strong eyes and a commanding aura about him. He seemed to have been a fighter in his past, as there was a scar on the right side of his neck.

"...You are all app-users, correct? I assume you're here for a quest."

Accepting a quest from the king will unlock an optional quest.

Since Random Loot Boxes were quite hard to come by as you level up, optional quests like these were very valuable.

"Yes, your majesty."

He stared at us and his eyes widened slightly.
"...This party… This party is a contender to become the Hero's Party…!"

I suppose he used some kind of analytic skill while staring at us.

He was able to tell that I was close to unlocking the Hero class.

There were murmurs in the court. Some of the app-users chuckled.

"Heh… So his majesty recognized Kazuma's Party, huh?"

"They were the ones who beat all those Demon King generals, after all."

"Hoh… Their journey is starting now, huh? Welcome to the gates of hell!"

These app-users were hyping us up for some reason.

…Actually, that was bad for us.

To gain the favor of the king, usually he will just give some kind of moderately easy quest.

This was to ensure that the app-users would have a good relationship with the kingdom and they will become trading partners.

It would also ensure that troublemakers who just want loot will quickly get out if they finish the quest.

But if we're identified as the hero party…

"Hero candidates… I have an important quest for you."

Just as I feared.

Part 4

The task King Lizadia gave us was to apprehend the terrorist that was using detonation magic.

I wanted to decline, but the optional quest prompt already popped up.

"You can do it, Kazuma's party!"

"You're the party that will defeat the Demon King! This quest is nothing for you!"

"Three cheers for Kazuma's party!"

Those app-users just increased the king's expectations for us.

We left the castle after receiving the quest.

"...I guess it would be a bad look if we don't do that quest."

I said, sighing as we went back to the streets outside the castle.

"Heh… It was destiny that I would meet my brethren…"

Megumin nodded to herself. She had a curious look on her face, as if she was imagining what those terrorists would look like.

Before that.

I promised that I would testify for Kikuchi, but the others had no interest in that whatsoever.

I split ways with them, agreeing to meet up at the marketplace later.

A guard gave me directions to the courthouse when I asked, and when I arrived, a receptionist showed me to the room where the trial would be held.

While I waited for the session to begin, I took a booklet about the court system of Lizardia and read it.

Due to the use of divination magic, trials here only lasted one or two hours.

Divination magic can immediately produce the best verdict. The trial itself was just there for the sake of due process, allowing the accused to form the best defense. Still, no matter how good the defense was, if the diviner can see the past, there wasn't really much the criminal could do to change the final verdict.

As such, unlike in the real world, lawyers and prosecutors were actually seen as rather menial professions. However, guards and policemen, who have to find and arrest the criminals who were evading the divination magic's reach, were seen as prestigious positions.

I put the booklet away when Kikuchi arrived.

"Ah, Satou! You actually came!"

He sounded like he doubted that I'd come.

Well, I was tempted to ditch, so his worries were valid.

He had me sit with him, along with a Lizardman lawyer. He was wearing a cheap-looking suit and didn't have an ounce of confidence in him. He had the mannerisms and appearance of a disillusioned minimum-wage worker, rather than a lawyer at the top of society.

He took out a piece of paper from his suitcase and put it down on the table. He looked at me and Kikuchi.

"Ahem… So, Satou-san here will be our key witness. You only need to say Kikuchi-san was the original owner of the Female Orc Brothel…"

Kikuchi grinned and said,

"Heh. The diviner will know we're telling the truth and I can bring that brothel down!"

I turned to the lawyer and said,

"You know, I was thinking… Even if Kikuchi proves he's the original owner, it's not like he invented the concept of a brothel. What will he even gain from this?"

"...Eh?"

Kikuchi blinked at me.

"But… It was my idea!"

"So? Did you register the brothel as a business? Did you even have any paperwork? Did you patent the idea of a shapeshifting brothel?"

"W-Wait, this case made it through for approval, so that means that I have a legitimate case!"

The lawyer coughed into his hand.

"Actually, our case is that the female orcs are using the name 'Female Orc Brothel'. They will have to pay royalties to you if it's proven that you're the original owner, otherwise they will have to cease all activities."

"Yes, exactly!"

"But they can just change the name to something else and circumvent that."

"What?!"

Is this guy stupid?

Well, I already knew that.

In fact, I was the stupid one for coming here, thinking that I could help abolish the brothel with such weak claims.

Just then, the doors opened and a group of female orcs arrived. Based on their lavish clothing, it was apparent that the business was doing well.

They didn't even spare Kikuchi a glance as they took their seats.

"Che… It's those bitches…"

"Please refrain from calling them that."

The lawyer advised Kikuchi.

I looked at the female orc's lawyer. He was another down-on-his luck lizardman who was wearing a cheap suit as well. He had a bored look on his eyes as he went over the case with his clients.

I guess all lawyers in this kingdom really were like this. They treated this job as if it were a part-time gig at a burger joint.

The judge arrived soon after. Unlike the lawyers, the judge was much more confident and well-dressed. The elderly, female lizardman wore diviner robes and carried a crystal ball.

This was one of the kingdom's diviners.

There were three diviners in total. This one was assigned to everyday cases, while the top diviner was assigned to high-profile cases. The third diviner was tasked with finding criminals who didn't have means to elude divination magic. Every hour, the third diviner will ask a crystal ball if there have been any crimes that were committed in the kingdom. The police will then use this information to make arrests.

The judge/diviner took her seat and ordered for the court to begin. We took our seats as well.

"Let's see… Kikuchi-san versus the Female Orc Brothel… There is contention about the name of the brothel…"

Kikuchi's lawyer stood up.

"Actually, your honor… It seems that Kikuchi-san is demanding the abolishment of the brothel, as well as to sue them for infringement and damages. He is not concerned about the name."

"Oh?"

The judge said, only showing a hint of interest.

The other lawyer stood up.

"...That's too much! Besides, my clients are fine with changing the name! They don't owe Kikuchi-san anything beyond that!"

The judge glanced at Kikuchi's lawyer, who replied,

"Actually, there are the initial costs of the [Change Shape] scrolls that Kikuchi-san gave to the female orcs…"

Right, there was that detail.

Kikuchi could try and gain compensation for that.

He won't gain a profit, but at least he will regain his initial investment.

How the court works is that the two lawyers will take turns debating for an hour or two. Once the judge feels that enough details have been presented, she will then consult the crystal ball.

Witnesses will also be allowed to present their sides of the story, and the lawyers can cross-examine them.

When it was my turn to testify, I told them that Kikuchi did have proper ownership of the brothel and that he was the one who gave the [Change Shape] tomes to the female orcs.

A couple hours passed until the judge determined that enough details had been shared.

She then activated the crystal ball. It took on a white glow.

...A female orc brothel… Who's the lunatic who came up with this disgusting idea?

It behaved just like my own crystal ball.

Wait, since divination magic was being used, this was probably the same power influencing the crystal ball.

So this annoying, rude crystal ball was the same as the one I regularly consulted.

This thing was really in charge of the justice system of this whole country?

The judge also gave an annoyed look at the crystal ball.

"...Please give us your verdict."

Why don't you moisturize your hands first before touching me with those dry, wrinkly hands, granny? No wonder why your husband doesn't sleep with you anymore.

The judge blushed fiercely and picked up the ball.

"OK, that's it! I've had it with this piece of shit!"

"Y-Your honor…!"

The guards managed to get her to stop smashing the crystal ball.

I could only nod in understanding.

Finally, the crystal ball did its job.

Kikuchi paid for the tomes, but he also didn't properly compensate the female orcs. Most of them were willing to work for free, as long as they got to breed. But if we're going by Lizardia's labor laws, that meant that Kikuchi didn't properly pay his employees. Therefore, the best solution here is to cancel out the two debts, unless Kikuchi wants to be countersued for not paying his employees Lizardia's minimum wage rates.

"..."

Upon hearing that verdict, Kikuchi went quiet.

Divination magic really was effective in court, huh?

Part 5

The female orcs gave Kikuchi a smug smirk as they left the courtroom.

"Ahh… I can't believe I lost that."

Kikuchi said, slumping against his seat.

"Um… Please leave the room before the next hearing starts."

A guard even kicked us out.

I went out with Kikuchi. The whole time he was whining.

I already did this favor for him, so I was tempted to just leave him behind.

But I did feel a tiny bit bad for him.

Even though he had this coming.

"Say, why don't you try investing your money…"

I said, deciding to do them a favor.

I told him about the stock market here and how I just became a major shareholder in a company.

"What does the company do?"

"I'm not really sure."

"Well, if you think I'll make a lot of money, then I'll invest, too!"

This guy sure was impulsive, huh?

This was the same guy who made a female orc brothel, after all.

I told him about the stock I randomly invested in, and he rushed over to the Merchant's Guild to buy a bunch of shares.

After that, I went to the meetup place to reconvene with the others.

They were all eating a crepe when I arrived.

"So, how did it go?"

Megumin asked, with some mild interest, as she ate the crepe.

"He didn't win."

"Well, we figured."

That was still a problem for me, though.

Those bastards will surely use the appearances of these girls…!

But when I thought about it some more, as long as I didn't step foot in that brothel, it wouldn't affect me at all.

And if I tried to do something to shut it down, the diviners might catch me.

This city sure is efficient in stopping troublemakers.

"So, where should we even start with finding those terrorists?"

Darkness said, finishing her crepe. She took out a handkerchief and wiped around her lips.

"I have an idea."

Megumin said, grinning mischievously.

"...Remember what I said about not acting like Aqua."

I already knew what she had in mind.

Something like using explosion magic to attract the terrorists.

"At least listen to what I have to say first!"

"OK, fine, go ahead."

"I'm going to use explosion magic to attract the terrorists."

"Why do I always give you the benefit of the doubt?!"

I said, immediately regretting the fact that I actually trusted her.

"Hold on, my plan is much more complex than that."

Against my better judgement, I listened to the rest of the plan.

Well… I do have to admit that it wasn't a bad plan.

Her idea was to tell the king ahead of time that she would use explosion to attract the terrorists.

As for the target of the explosion, it would be a building that Aqua would make using her [Carpentry] skill.

The [Carpentry] skill…

I remembered that it was very useful in the goblin forest, when Aqua made that watchtower.

The difference from [Smithing] was that the [Carpentry] skill took a longer time. However, the defensive potential was way stronger than [Smithing]. The skill also allowed one to add features to any defensive fortifications.

"Leave it to me!"

Aqua said, once Megumin announced her plan.

After we got permission from the king, we came back to see that Aqua was already done with the building.

Right now, she was giving the impression that she was useful.

"Heh, I sure am versatile, aren't I?"

I let her enjoy her rare moment of success.

With the building done, Megumin took her place and we hid behind some cover.

"Explosion!!!"

She gleefully exploded the building.

I picked her up after she fell down. Nothing was left of the building aside from smoke and debris.

"Fufu… Now we just wait for them to contact me."

Megumin said, as we walked out from the crime scene.

"Are they really stupid enough to look for you?"

"As fellow connoisseurs, I know for a fact that they won't be able to resist. Granted, they use magic that is vastly inferior to explosion magic, but I am willing to elucidate and inform them of their shortcomings."

They might just attack Megumin with how smug she was being right now.

…

…

We stayed in an inn for the night for the sake of luring the terrorists.

They must have a rather good information network if they were able to elude the law for this long. Megumin assumed that they would be able to find us.

True enough, in the middle of the night, I sensed them.

The window opened and a masked individual came in.

"[Bind]!"

I threw a rope and immediately captured the intruder.

The others came out from their hiding places. Aqua went over to unmask the intruder.

It was a female lizardman who looked rather young.

"W-Wait! I come in peace! I came here to look for the genius who created that explosion!"

I hated how this was all going according to Megumin's plan.

Megumin arrogantly chuckled and crossed her arm.

"...Genius, huh? What a wise and intelligent one you are."

She was getting too excited about this.

I coughed into my hand and stepped forward.

"Too bad. This was a trap. Now, tell us about your terrorist group, or this will end very badly for you."

Aqua smirked and cracked her knuckles.

"Start speaking, or we'll start getting violent! Kekeke!"

Why was she talking like some cliche punk?

Even though they were called a terrorist organization, at the end of the day, these lizardmen were just disgruntled miners. She immediately caved to the pressure.

"W-Wait! Don't hurt me! I just wanted a higher raise and better pay! This was all just a form of protest! Surely, you understand?!"

"...Hah? You weren't doing this just to spread the love of explosion-type magic?"

The lizardman looked at Megumin with confusion.

"No… And I just wanted to recruit you because your explosion is powerful! It could be of great use for negotiations!"

Megumin glared at the lizardman.

"Unbelievable! And here I was thinking that you are fellow connoisseurs! To think you're doing this for money and leverage, not for the love of the ultimate branch of attack magic!!!"

"Why would I care about that?!"

Like the king said, this group was started by a female lizardman who had disagreements with her quartermaster.

Megumin had a completely wrong read of their motivations, even if her plan worked out in the end.

"Well, whatever, let's just bring this girl in."

"Aren't you interested in hearing my backstory?! You see, when I was a young girl, I… Mnnph!"

I gagged her before she could continue.

Part 6

The king personally thanked us once we brought in the terrorist.

Fearing extended jail time, the terrorist quickly exposed the other members of the group.

"...It seems that they have been using Anti-Divination items in order to protect themselves from our diviners… How concerning."

The king said, as he led us to a private room to discuss the matter of the terrorists.

Anti-Divination items were very rare and expensive magic items that protected one from scrying and divination magic.

It was doubtful that a group of disgruntled miners could acquire such items themselves. The king figured that someone may be supplying them with these items.

"Heroes… I ask you to resolve this issue. You have proven yourselves capable and worthy of trust."

We ended up getting dragged into a troublesome questline.

"I see… Well, we'll let you know if we find something out."

I said, noncommittally.

You have finished the optional quest!

You received a random loot box!

Once we left the private room, I opened my box.

Anti-Divination Ring (Ultra Rare)

You are immune to all forms of scrying and divination.

Sells for: 4,000,000 Yen

"..."

I quickly hid the ring in my inventory.

I just had to get that item after the king finished explaining how it was contraband, huh?!

"Hm? Kazuma, what are you hiding?"

I gave Aqua a warning glare before she could blow my cover.

"N-Nothing… Well, it seems our business here is over, so let's head back."

"Eh… But there's still lots of things I want to do here…"

"Let's hurry up and go back!"

After my heavy insistence, we teleported back to the mansion.

Megumin sighed when we returned.

"Hah… I was so excited to meet that terrorist group… They were so disappointing."

"The fact that you had high expectations to start with is what concerns me."

I said, before excusing myself and heading to my room.

I closed the door behind me and looked at the ring.

The power to hide myself from divination magic…

If I used this, then it would hide me from Vanir's divination as well, right?

I put it on to try it.

Then, I gave Vanir a call.

"What is it, boy. I'm anticipating some victims… I mean, some challengers soon."

He was up to the usual shenanigans, it seems.

"Hey Vanir, notice anything different about me?"

After a few seconds, he said,

"...Hmph… You found a way to block off my powers, huh?"

He said, with an annoyed tone.

I grinned and said,

"Heh. Are you sad that you can't manipulate me now? Too bad!"

"Well, I did foresee a future with this happening."

So he anticipated it.

Just when I thought that I had an advantage over him now.

"But are you sure this is wise, boy? Now I won't be able to give you advice."

"I can just ask my crystal ball for advice. I don't need you meddling around with my life anymore!"

"Che… So ungrateful… Even though I helped you out so much!"

He angrily hung up on me.

What a sore loser.

After dealing with that matter, I went to check up on Chris.

I knocked on the door of her new room. She let me in after a few seconds.

"Yo. How was the dungeon run?"

She smiled and stepped aside, letting me into her room.

She hadn't completely unpacked yet, although I noticed that she didn't even bring a lot of stuff with her.

"It went pretty well! Turns out that I can accomplish more with a party than just working by myself. Go figure!"

"Good to hear. And how are your new team members?"

She glanced away.

"Well, it was a bit awkward at first..."

I guess that it was a bit of a gamble grouping her with Iris, Rin and Mary. They didn't have much in the way of prior relationships.

"But they're friendly enough! It is a bit weird to have a Tranquility Girl as a party member… And she's apparently your daughter…"

"Ah, yeah, that one is a bit of a long story."

"More of your dungeon shenanigans, it seems."

"...The golem bodies have wonderful applications, so don't judge it harshly."

She pouted at me.

"Geez… I'm trying to keep an open mind, OK?!"

Even though we called it a compromise, Chris was the one who had to make the most concessions. I didn't try to rush her to accept everything.

"It's fine. We'll just have to be patient with the conservative-minded Chris."

"...That's all I ask for."

I grinned and smoothly placed my arms around her from behind. She stiffened up at the contact but didn't push away.

"So… Did you talk to the others about that other issue?"

"W-Well, yeah, it came up while we were bathing…"

So they did discuss it.

The matter of Chris having a spot in the nightly rotations.

While Rin still occupied the morning slots, the night slots were fiercely contested among the girls.

Yunyun even had her own time, even if the extent of the activities were still restricted when it came to her. Of course, Chris was in a similar situation.

"I see, I see… Well, you should know that I have the final say with the schedule…"

"That's not what Aqua-sen… I mean, Aqua-san said. She said she was the matron and has the ultimate power when it comes to everything."

Of course she'd say that.

I leaned in and kissed Chris's shoulder, making her shiver and let out a little noise.

"Ignore that delusional, wannabe queen bee. Now, how about we get that shirt off you tonight?"

I knew that Chris wasn't quite ready for the real thing yet, but I was willing to do everything else aside from that.

Chris was way too erotic, after all. I couldn't hold myself back to the extent I do with Yunyun.

And unlike Yunyun, Chris was far from innocent.

I could tell she was raring to go, even if not all the way, then pretty damn far.

While blushing, she pulled her shirt off, letting me see the blue and white-trim bra underneath.

I smiled, admiring her figure, my hands going up and down her slim waist.

"You're so fit… You do any special exercise?"

"N-Not really…"

"Lots of girls would be jealous if they heard that."

My hands went up her waist to her chest. She moaned as I fondled those small breasts of hers through her bra.

I stepped back and pulled my shirt off. Tossing my shirt aside, I looked at her shorts.

"Wanna take those off, too?"

She shyly nodded, letting her shorts drop.

"Heh… You're really quite curious about this, huh?"

"T-There's nothing weird about that, right?!"

"Of course not."

I smiled and went close to her again. I noticed that she was eyeing my body intensely. Well, I was at superhuman levels of ripped now. I wasn't at Broly level, or anything, but my body fat percentage was insanely low. I was pretty much mostly muscle now.

Her hands automatically went to my abs, before she blushed and retreated them.

"Oi, it's unfair if I get to touch your body, but you don't get to touch mine, right? Just enjoy the feast."

"Calling your own body a feast… Well, not like it isn't true."

She audibly gulped, before going back to touch my core.

Once she was satisfied, I put my hands on her face.

I pulled her in for a kiss.

She closed her eyes, clumsily returning the kiss. I found her innocence amusing, even though it was so obvious that she was turned on. I reached down to check the extent of her arousal, earning a moan from her as I felt how wet she was.

"Wow… Someone sure is excited…"

"T-This is because…!"

I quieted her embarrassed replies with another kiss.

"Ah… You're such a turn on, Chris…"

Everything about her, from her unique, silver-hair, to her cute face, her tomboyish look, her mannerisms.

The fact that I could tease her endlessly and she always reacted so adorably.

I really wanted her so much.

I knew I said that I'd practice restraint when it comes to my womanizing… But honestly, I couldn't even resist when it came to Chris.

I think I just love pretty girls too much.

Either that, or I'm just that much of an egomaniac.

Although, I truly do believe that even the most humble ascetic would immediately fall for Chris's charms.

I kept rubbing her through the panties with one hand, while dropping my pants. Without being told, she immediately held my cock when I whipped it out.

"Whoa, easy girl."

She blushed after reaching for my cock so quickly like that. I dropped her panties next. When she didn't complain, I started rubbing her pussy directly.

"Mnn…!"

And just like that, we were both touching each other's naughty bits.

"Kazuma-kun… Mnnn!"

"Gonna cum? Go for it."

Since Chris wasn't used to this at all, she immediately felt like cumming.

I put a finger inside her, expertly stroking her walls.

"I'm… Hnnnghhh!"

She fell back on the bed from the intense climax.

I let her get some rest, to catch her breath, before I stood in front of her.

She nodded and kept jerking me off.

I reached down to pop her bra open from the front, unclasping it and freeing that petite chest of hers.

I smiled as I stared at her breasts.

"Hnnnghhh!"

Finally, I couldn't hold it in anymore and released my seed all over her chest.

And just like that, Chris was added to the nightly rotation.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, NightSight, kinggamerlite29 and 185 others
BoringBone
Jun 22, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 59: A Birthday Gift For This Blacksmith's Daughter!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Jul 7, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,460
Chapter 59: A Birthday Gift For This Blacksmith's Daughter!

Part 1

"Remember not to go too wild during your summer break…"

The homeroom teacher warned, as we were all eagerly awaiting the last day of classes before the break.

It was now August. The much awaited break has arrived.

"Ahh… We can finally relax!"

Lia said, as we walked out together.

Aside from a three day training camp with the soccer club, I was pretty much free the whole break.

The naginata club was also going to have their own two day camp, which I promised to attend.

"Got any plans aside from training camp?"

I asked her, which she nodded to.

"Yup. Got some Axel Hearts stuff to do, of course… Ah, you wanna come watch a concert sometime? I'll give you backstage access."

"Let's do it."

"You didn't even hesitate, huh?"

"I'm a big fan."

I said, not ashamed to say it, especially after she knew how big of an Axel Hearts stan I was.

"Aside from that, got any other plans? Maybe going to the beach?"

"Hmm… Not really."

"So boring…"
I was planning to completely grind in the dungeon.

Wiz and Wolbach were bound to attack at any moment. I couldn't afford to stagnate in terms of gaining levels.

"Can I at least hangout with you right now, if you're planning to spend your summer lazing away?"

Lia asked, smiling as she poked my arm.

"I suppose I can grace you with my company…"

"Sniff… I'm so grateful!"

Before we left, we said hello to Terada-senpai.

"You're going to attend the training camp, right, Satou-kun?"

He said, when we came to the third year floor, to his classroom.

"Yup, that's the plan."

"Good! We'll have lots of barbeque and fun at the beach!"

This was supposed to be a training camp, right?

I noticed that there was a third-year girl who was beside Terada-senpai. She was tapping her foot impatiently, her body language making it obvious that she was waiting for us to finish talking to him.

Did senpai have a girlfriend? He never told us about her, though.

When we left the classroom, I asked Lia,

"Does Terada-senpai have a girlfriend?"

"Not that I know of."

I see.

So this was a case of an oblivious guy squandering his youth away.

Maybe I should help him out this summer.

He's a third year, after all. He should make some good memories in his last summer break as a high schooler.

We left the school grounds after saying our greetings.

"Ahh… It's so hot…"

"I kinda just wanna go home."

"Already gonna ditch me?"

I ended up going to a karaoke with her to cool off.

But it was also obvious that she wanted to show off her singing.

After getting our drinks, she started singing some Axel Hearts songs.

I clapped along to the performance.

"Oi… I shouldn't be the only one singing!"

She said, shoving a mic into my face.

"Getting to sing with my oshi… What tremendous fanservice."

"Yeah, yeah, I'm giving you lots of fanservice. You better appreciate it!"

"If you're gonna give me fanservice, let's see the real Lia mode right now."

She narrowed her eyes at me, while pointing at her glasses.

"What do you mean? This is the real Lia…"

"Show me the fake one, then."

"The idol Lia isn't fake!"

"Which is it?"

She ended up undoing her braids and taking her glasses off.

"...Lia is taking everything off for me."

"Kazuma, were you always this pervy?"

I chuckled and shook my head.

"The fact that you're just realizing this now shows that I did a great job with my disguise."

"What?! You were only pretending to be a gentleman this whole time?! How could you?!"

"Yes, yes, we've both been lying. Gimme that mic."

She picked a duet song for us.

"Whoa, Kazuma, you're actually good!"

That was only because I was using [Versatile Entertainer].

"Fufu… Do I have a career as an idol?"

"You know what? You actually do. I mean, you're a handsome guy. Charismatic, too."

Wait, this whole time, I thought that my improved Attractiveness and Charisma had zero effect on Lia.

But she noticed all those things, huh?

Did that mean she just tried not to show that she noticed?

Or I guess it wasn't normal to point out how attractive your male friend is.

What a mature girl.

And she had quite a poker face.

"Heh. So I'm a hottie stud, huh?"

"...When did I ever go that far?"

I put my arm around Lia.

"Unfortunately for you, I'm not vain and attention-starved enough to enter the entertainment industry. I'll have to reject your persistent recruitment efforts, no matter how much you insist."

"I see. So my dear friend Kazuma is the type who gets one compliment from a girl, only to create a tangential, egotistic delusion out of it. So sad. I might cry."

"Wait, you're actually crying?!"

I said, when I saw tears coming out of her eyes.

We sang several more songs and the time ran out, but I extended it since we didn't feel like coming out of the cool room.

I could just teleport out anytime I wanted, but it would be a scummy move to let her walk home in this heat, while I distorted spacetime just for my own convenience.

So I ended up extending for another hour.

We got our second round of drinks, with Lia putting on her glasses and tying her hair up into a ponytail as a quick disguise, when the staff came to serve them. I sipped my melon soda.

Lia surprised me with a sudden kiss on the cheek.

I raised my brow at her and said,

"Just randomly felt the urge?"

She giggled and shrugged, while leaning her head on my shoulder.

"I guess? I'm just really happy right now. You know, hanging out after school like this. Oi, you better call me during the break! I don't want to be the kind of friend you never hang out with in the summer. Then we see each other at school and I have to pretend like you didn't just ghost me for a whole month!"

"...You sound like you're speaking from experience."

"That's never happened to me, but I could totally imagine you doing that."

"Your opinion of me is so low after I confessed to you."

"...Can you not word it like that? Saying such misleading things…"

"Says the one who keeps kissing me."

"Is that so? Take this! Chu, chu, chu!"

I chuckled as she held me and repeatedly kissed my cheek.

When it got cooler outside, we left the karaoke. I then promised to call her up to hang out later.

"If you don't keep your promise, I'm going to haunt you from beyond the grave."

"Are you gonna die if I don't hang out with you over the break?"

"I'm gonna die of loneliness."

"What a drama queen!"

She didn't give me any room to refuse.

Part 2

You have learned the spell [Bottomless Swamp]!

[Bottomless Swamp] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (30 mp)

Create a swamp of 5 to 60-feet in width and length. It has an infinite depth. The effect lasts as long as you are able to concentrate on the spell. If you use another spell or make any actions that can be determined as an attack, you will lose the effect of the spell. When your concentration breaks, the spell effect ends and any creatures trapped within the spell are safely expelled.

Creatures that are within the range of the spell, or enter its range, will slowly start to sink within the swamp. Their ability to escape depends on their 'Willpower' contested against your 'Magic Power' (85). If they fail the save, the rate of their descent doubles in speed and they will need to make the save again at a disadvantage. If they succeed in the save, they will stop sinking, however, their movement speed is slowed by half.

…What a long ass spell description!

As expected of an advanced level spell, it was very powerful.

Knowing from all the times Yunyun used it, it was probably one of the most effective Crowd Control spells available.

[Cursed Crystal Prison] had a more powerful effect, but that was only if it succeeded. It was a save or suck kind of spell, meaning that if it didn't work, nothing would happen, whereas with [Bottomless Swamp], the enemy's movement speed is reduced by half regardless of success or failure.

I went to my personal dungeon to test this spell out on some monsters.

I also had something in mind.

Using the golems, I made them walk towards the swamp.

Then when they fell in…

The lowering ceiling trap from my [Create Trap] skill activated.

The classic scene of the roof slowly coming down to crush the trapped victims occured.

The golems couldn't move and were slowly crushed by the trap.

Simply put, combining [Bottomless Swamp] with [Create Trap] was beyond OP.

Well, it was only limited in the dungeon, though.

Aside from pit traps, there weren't that many traps I could create in open space.

And a pit trap would just interfere with the endless quality of a [Bottomless Swamp].

Your Magic Power went up by +2!

That stat finally went up…

I suppose it must be because I now know advanced magic.

I kept using Bottomless Swamp not just on golems, but on powerful monsters that I summoned through the dungeon.

While using the spell in this way…

Both Mana Capacity and Magic Power reached 90.

You have unlocked the 'Arch-Wizard' class!

Met requirements: 90 Magic Power, 90 Mana Capacity, 85 Intelligence, [Intermediate Magic] Rank 5

…?!!

I finally unlocked the Arch-Wizard class!

Somehow, even more than when I unlocked Swordmaster, this felt even more rewarding!

I mean, who doesn't dream of becoming a powerful wizard…

My dark past of having chunnibyou tendencies like Megumin, although it was a brief period, surfaced to me.

"[Light of Saber]!"

…

Oh, right. I don't know any of those flashy spells yet.

The available exclusive skills are: [Advanced Magic Increase], [Spell Efficiency], [Speed Casting], [Mage Rank-Up], [Mana Restoration], [Arcane Recovery], [Arcane Learning], [Elemental Proficiency] and [Signature Spell].

There was quite a lot available.

I might have to start putting points into magic now that I was an Arch-Wizard.

Although it was tempting to just keep dumping it all on Luck.

Then again, with [Luck is a Skill], I could just keep raising my luck that way, instead of putting points into it.

…

…

Now that I was an Arch-Wizard, I wanted to get some more gear suited for a spellcaster.

It was all in order to improve my abilities as a caster.

It wasn't that I wanted to fit the role lookswise, or anything.

Mitsurugi told me that Lizardia had some pretty good stuff.

So I teleported there to check out the stores.

But as soon as I arrived…

"Anti-divination item has been detected!"

Ah, I forgot about that.

I put the ring away after an item detected it.

After that, the guards accepted the ID I got last time and let me in.

I went over to the marketplace to check out their wares.

"Armor available! Never get stabbed by your jealous ex ever again!"

"We got the best swords! Pierce through your cheating boyfriend's pesky armor with these swords!"

"Healing services available! Got attacked by a crazy ex? Get healed here!"

What a self-sustaining business model they have over here.

I looked around a bit until I found what I was looking for.

An elderly lizardman in a store wearing a robe and wizard hat.

"Welcome… What do you need today? Do you need to check if your ex is stalking you? We have a magic item for that."

What's the deal with all these exes?

"I'm looking for wizard gear."

"If you're looking to cosplay, there's a store like that across the street."

"What makes you think I'm a cosplayer?!"

"No offense, but you don't seem to have the smarts to be a wizard."

"I'm an Arch-Wizard! Well, I just got the class today."

"Congrats. The job market for Wizardry is pretty bleak these days, though. Magic items and scrolls are quickly making the class obsolete, since anybody can use magic now. Unless you're the best in your field, you won't survive."

Why was he making Wizards seem like Computer Science majors?

"...Oi, you know how long it took for me to get this class?! Stop making me feel like I wasted my time!"

This guy was reminding me a lot about someone…

Ah, that's right, he reminded me of the Blacksmith.

Why are all these shopkeepers such a pain in the ass?

He brought out all his materials upon my request.

"Hmm… I'll take this Mystic Spider silk, then."

"Eh? That's my most expensive material… Are you sure you can afford it?"

Why does this guy keep on doubting me?

He shut up once I showed him my money.

The silk cost me 4 million Yen in total.

I got enough for all the mages in our group.

Rather, if I didn't buy one for Megumin, I knew she'd flip out.

And I might as well get some for everyone.

After getting the silk, I teleported back home.

Part 3

"Whoa, that's so cool!"

Megumin said, gushing over my outfit.

Along with the Magician's Cape I already had, I made a wizard hat for myself.

We were in a private dungeon floor that was specifically made for Megumin.

It was called the Explosion room.

Here, she could cast all the explosions she wanted without destroying any eco-systems or private property.

I showed the hat to her after I finished crafting it.

Mystic Spider Hat - Super Rare

Increase Magic Power and Mana Capacity by +10. If you have any effect that slows a target's movement speed down, add an additional debuff of '-5 feet' to the decreased movement speed.

Sells for: 3,000,000 Yen

I presented Megumin with her own hat.

"Ohh… Now we're matching! Let's take a selfie, Kazuma…"

I indulged her and let her take a selfie as I put on my full mage gear, including the staff.

"Kazuma, you have enough mana to use Explosion now, right?!"

"Now that you mention it…"

With the upgrade to my mana capacity, along with the mage gear, I now had enough to cast explosion.

In fact, since I didn't put any skill points to upgrade it, at Rank 1, I wouldn't suffer from mana exhaustion after casting it.

Since Megumin was now giving me an expectant look…

I stood atop a cliff and pointed the staff at a castle I designed for Megumin to use as a target.

"Explosion…!!!"

Since I had seen Megumin cast explosion so many times and accompanied her to these sessions, I used explosion without any problems.

Although it wasn't as powerful as Megumin's explosions, I was still amazed by the sheer firepower and influx of mana that shot out of my staff.

It was admittedly exhilarating.

Smoke and fire engulfed the castle. Megumin clapped for me as she watched the show.

"Kazuma, you've never looked cooler! Now, it's my turn! Explosion…!!!"

This time, she practically reduced the castle to rubble.

Thankfully, it was considered as part of the dungeon, and it used energy to start repairing the castle.

Megumin collapsed on the grass and sighed in relief.

"Getting to do a double explosion with Kazuma… I'm so glad this day finally came!"

"...It really means that much to you?"

"Yeah, it feels like we both graduated university together."

"It's not that big of a deal, I assure you."

I looked at Megumin, laying face first like that on the ground.

Now, then…

Let's move on to the latter half of this routine.

"Oya? What do we have here… A little girl has collapsed, huh?"

I said, while flipping her skirt up, looking at her black panties.

Megumin blushed and said,

"Kazuma… I only asked for that scenario that one time! Just one time, OK?! I'm not like Darkness who has such depraved fantasies!"

"Oh? So you're saying you don't have fantasies about being forced by a man after you collapse from an exhilarating explosion?"

"Of course not! What kind of girl do you think I am?!"

"I mean, you're crazy enough to get wet just thinking about it, aren't you?"

"Mn…!"

She moaned when I pressed my thumb against the dampening spot in her panties.

"Now, now, look around you, Megumin. You requested this whole sex dungeon to yourself, and everytime you collapse after using explosion magic, we always go through this same routine… Just admit that you're a perv!"

"It's not a sex dungeon! Mnnn!"

She was very unconvincing, whenever she moaned as I rubbed that spot.

I dragged her panties down her thighs. Then I groped her little bubble butt.

I dropped my pants, then my boxers. Holding my cock, I rubbed the tip in a circle against that supple ass of hers.

"Now, now. Just be a good girl and take it."

She didn't have any further words of resistance, just silently relaxing her body.

This girl…

Despite all she says, she's clearly raring to go.

I gave this closet pervert exactly what she wanted and gave her the full girth of my cock.

"Mnn…!"

We both moaned as I filled her tight insides up.

While she laid prone like this on the grass, I grabbed her ass and thrusted my cock in her.

It was almost animalistic, this display.

Her pussy felt so tight and warm that it was always a challenge to hold on for long.

This was the case, no matter how many times I did it with Megumin.

I pressed a hand on her back, pinning her down, as I fucked her down into the grass, bouncing against the soft flesh of her ass cheeks.

"Kazuma… Mnnn…!"

She let out sweet moans.

Megumin was charming in her entirety, and I didn't think I'd say this about anyone, but one of her most charming points was that sweet voice of hers.

While enjoying her moans, her tight body, my hands on her flawless skin…

I sped up even more, knowing she could take it with that surprisingly high Strength stat of hers.

"Ahh… Take it… Take it…!"

"Give it to me… Kazuma…!"

This is how this always goes.

Megumin always puts up a front at the start, but she starts begging for it afterwards.

"You want it?"

"Yeah… Mnnn!"

I gave her what she wanted and smacked my hips against her ass, pounding her like my life depended on it.

An ordinary person might be horrified by what they're seeing.

But for app-users with superhuman capabilities, I suppose this was normal.

My hip thrusts were like a blur.

Then I drove in for a powerful mating press.

"Hnnnnghhh!"

I let out a violent surge of cum deep inside her, just as she coiled around me for her own orgasm.

"Ahh… Hahhh…"

I kissed the back of her head as I drew out.

Sex after explosions…

Well, I had to admit, Megumin might have a point about the appeal of explosions.

After that, we cleaned up and I restored Megumin's mana by absorbing it from the dungeon.

We left the dungeon floor as if nothing happened.

Except that Aika-chan was outside in the monitoring room.

"Oi… Stop watching us!"

I said to Aika-chan, who just grinned.

"Ehh… But the little act you two put on at the start is always funny… It's like those porn videos papa used to watch."

"...I should really try to reset your memory one of these days."

Megumin glared at Aika-chan and said,

"I know you're Aqua's daughter… But I'm sure she won't mind if I discipline you, right?"

Aika-chan blinked, then backed away when she sensed Megumin was serious.

"W-Wait, what…?!"

I didn't stop Megumin as she chased Aika-chan around.

Part 4

Since I had an upgrade on the magic side of things, I wanted to go to the blacksmith just to see if he had anything in terms of new weapons, or materials for new weapons.

Only to see that the store was closed.

I knocked on the door.

"Oi… Open up, you lazy old man!"

I kept knocking until he eventually came out.

"Goddamnit! Can't you read the sign?! I knew you were stupid, but I didn't know you were illiterate, too! We're closed! Leave already!"

"Closed during a weekday… You're just being lazy! What could possibly be so important! I bet you're just reading ero mags!"

"It's my daughter's birthday today! I was saving up for a present for her, remember?! Now buzz off if you don't want me to…"

"Papa, who is that?"

"Ah, Kuroko-chan! Sorry about that, I'm just dealing with a bothersome customer here~!"

His character completely changed.

Also, Kuroko…

Don't tell me…

My fears came alive when I saw a familiar girl behind the blacksmith.

A pale skinned girl who was now rocking her recently dyed two-tone hair, black on the outside, a light purple on the inside.

It was my old guildmate, Dark+Angel.

"Ah, it's Kazuma-kun!"

She said, pointing at me.

"You remembered it was my birthday today? You're so sweet! How did you find out where I lived, though?"

The blacksmith glared daggers at me as Dark+Angel came to give me a hug.

"...Kuroko-chan, you know this guy?"

I started sweating bullets as the blacksmith asked her this.

"Yeah, he's the guild leader of that game I play a lot!"

"I see."

Thank god Dark+Angel wasn't crazy enough to say that we hooked up during our offline meeting a month ago.

We had been regularly texting since then, but we hadn't made plans to meet up IRL since then.
Mostly because I was busy with everything else.

"Do you mind if Kazuma-kun joins us for my party, papa?"

"I do mind."

He didn't even hesitate to say it.

"Oh, come on! He's my friend!"

She just had to wink at me when she said 'friend'.

This girl is gonna get me killed!

"Ah, it's fine! I don't have to stay…"

"Hah? Are you saying you don't wanna attend my daughter's party?!"

Can this guy make up his mind already?!

And so, I ended up getting dragged into the party.

Sakamoto Kuroko and Sakamoto Daichi lived above the pawn shop.

Although I knew that as a blacksmith, Sakamoto-san had enough money to move to a nicer house, I supposed that there wasn't any reasonable explanation he could give to his child, about how he could have possibly made such a large amount of money, in such a short time.

And so, they did not live above their usual means.

Or so I thought.

"Kuroko-chan, I bought you a rolex for your birthday."

He said, bringing out a box. He opened it and revealed a diamond-studded rolex inside.

"Ehhh?! A rolex?! Papa, how were you able to afford that!"

I looked at him, wondering what he was going to say.

"A wealthy distant relative died and we got this as our inheritance."

Is this guy a dumbass?

As expected, Kuroko gave him a wary look.

"...Papa, tell me the truth now. You're not up to anything shady, are you?"

He gasped and said,

"K-Kuroko-chan! B-But you used to believe everything I told you before!"

"Yeah, when I was a kid! You expect me to believe that BS?!"

Seeing that the blacksmith was in trouble, I decided to step in.

"Kuroko… I actually helped your dad with this."

"Eh? You did?"

She said, turning to me in surprise.

The blacksmith gave me a look that told me to keep going, so I said,

"You probably don't know this, but my family is quite wealthy. So, I can afford to buy lavish gifts like this for my friends."

"...I see. So that's why you were confident enough to live as a NEET all those years. You even said, 'I can live out the rest of my life as a NEET, no problem!'."

No, that was just pure delusion.

But this worked out for my story, so I said,

"Yup. That's how it is."

"I see… Oh, wow, you really got me such an expensive gift! I don't know what to say! Thank you!"

She leapt forward, giving me a big hug.

Your 'Cunning' increased by +5!

The blacksmith seemed conflicted seeing Kuroko hug me so graciously, along with me getting half of the credit for the gift, but he was in a lot of trouble if he couldn't find a way to explain his sudden riches, so he just gave me a nod.

"Alright, let's try the cake!"

Kuroko said, slicing the cake for us.

"Kazuma-kun, you get the biggest slice!"

I could practically sense the animosity from the blacksmith as Kuroko gave me the biggest slice of cake.

"Ah, can papa have a bigger slice?"

He actually straight up asked for one.

"No, papa. You have diabetes, remember? We need to control your blood sugar!"

"...Yes, dear."

I felt like I was seeing a side of the blacksmith that I shouldn't be seeing.

"Oh, Kazuma-kun, since you're here, why don't we play some games, hm?"

This girl had the audacity to hug my arm and give me a flirty look, while her father was right there.

"Actually, I think he needs to go home now, right?"

"Ah, yeah…"

"Ehh… But who will I play with? You're not good at games, papa."

"I'll call your cousin, Ryousuke! He's good at games!"

"...He lives three hours away. Hey, papa, do you have a problem with Kazuma-kun? If so, why did you ask him to pay for half of the gift!"

"Ugh…"

Without any further excuses, he was forced to let me into the living room, as Kuroko set up the console.

He sat on the couch, constantly watching over us as we played.

As we were playing, Kuroko asked,

"You having fun, Kazuma-kun?"

"Ah, yeah."

How can I have fun with a man twice my size watching my every move?

Part 5

"Alright, I think it's time for him to head home."

The blacksmith said, after Kuroko and I had been playing for a couple hours.

"Ehh… Can't he stay over? Oh, how about you stay for the night, Kazuma-kun?"

"No way!"

He immediately shut that down.

We came down to the store again.

With Kuroko out of earshot, he grabbed my collar and said,

"Oi, what's your relationship with my daughter!"

"...She told you, didn't she? We used to be part of the same guild."

"...Well, of course, there's no way my daughter would have that kind of a relationship with a boy."

I averted my eyes.

I guess every dad wants to believe that their daughter is a pure, angelic being.

"...W-Well, thanks for helping me out earlier."

He said, letting go of my collar.

"It's fine. If you need a way to explain your wealth, I can just ask my government contacts to give you a cover."

"You can do that?"

"Of course. You helped them out before, anyway."

"I see… You're quite the clever bastard, aren't you?"

For some reason, he was giving me an even more suspicious look now.

You just can't win with this guy.

"Oh, right. Why did you come over here, anyway?"

"Just wondering if you have any stronger materials."

"More than adamantite? No way."

So he didn't even have what I wanted.

I left the store once I learned that I couldn't get any weapon upgrades.

Your bond with Sakamoto Daichi has deepened!

Sakamoto Daichi (Blacksmith oji-san), Bond Rank: 2

In a strange twist of fate, you have discovered that Kuroko is the blacksmith's daughter. Daichi is still very wary of you, and he doesn't quite believe that you're 'just friends' with his daughter. Still, he is grateful that you covered for him, and that you're helping him with your government contacts. Continuing to spend money in his shop will deepen your relationship with him, but if he finds out what you did with his daughter, the bond will break immediately.

Bond Reward: [Smithing Rank-Up]

[Smithing Rank-Up] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

All Smithing related skills have their max Skill Rank increase to Rank 6. However, the skill points required to level those skills increases by 2 skill points.

I managed to unlock this skill without the Blacksmith class.

Maybe there's no need to unlock the Blacksmith class now that I unlocked this skill…

Especially if I deepen my bond with this oji-san.

…

…

Your 'Intelligence' and 'Creativity' has increased by +10!

The clones seemed to have been doing their jobs well, as my stats increased after they taught me what they learned.

"Alright, go ahead and enjoy your break."

I said to them, which made them sigh in relief.

"Time to pick up some girls!"

"I'm gonna use the [Disguise] skill to look like a famous actor. That'll make things easy."

"Oi…"

These guys were saying some dangerous things.

Still, since they were still me, I knew that they wouldn't do anything too crazy.

I let them go on their break.

"...Ah, if it isn't papa."

Aika-chan said, when she saw me entering the dungeon.

She was in the recreation room, lounging around. She gave me quite the nasty glare.

"What did I do now?"

"You let Megumin-san chase me around! What will you do if she actually spanks me?!"

"Just be a good girl, and it won't happen,"

"No way! She scares me!"

Just like Aqua, I knew that Aika-chan would continue to be in a sulky mood until she got what she wanted.

"Alright, what do you want, Aika-chan?"

"Let's go to Vegas again!"

It seemed that Aika-chan developed quite a taste for Vegas.

I wanted to raise my luck again, anyway, so I decided to go with her.

I changed Aika-chan to her grown-up form and we put on a suit and dress.

Then, we headed back to the casino.

"Welcome, Mr. Satou."

The employees said, greeting me because of the [VIP Treatment] skill.

We got our chips then I went about winning every hand of poker.

You gained +10 Luck!

[Luck is a Skill] is definitely a game changer.

While I was playing…

"Excuse me, Mr. Satou, can we have a private conversation with you?"

I looked behind me and saw a tan-skinned woman in her mid-twenties. She had wavy, black hair.

She was wearing a black dress and there were men with black suits and shades behind her.

These people didn't seem like they worked in the casino.

Since they knew who I was, I had a good idea of who they were, though.

"Can she come with me?"

I pointed to Aika-chan.

"Yes, of course."

I nodded and followed them out of the casino.

"I'm sorry for bothering you, Mr. Satou."

The woman flipped out a badge.

I stared at it for a few moments.

FBI.

She smiled and pointed to a car that was parked outside the casino.

"Can you come with us for a short ride? I promise it won't take long."

Before I could respond, Aika-chan smiled and said,

"OK! Let's go, papa!"

This girl…!

I didn't have a choice, since Aika-chan already got in.

Part 6

"...So what does the FBI want with me?"

I asked the woman, as the car started driving.

She smiled and said,

"Come on, now. We're on friendly terms, aren't we? We got you that passport, after all."

I nodded, remembering that Sena did say the FBI got those passports for us.

"I'm assuming you want the favor returned?"

"Well, I wouldn't go so far as to say that… But we would love to have your help!"

Of course it was like that.

She leaned forward and said,

"As of right now, the dungeon is considered neutral territory, correct?"

When I nodded, she said,

"I'll cut straight to the point. The United States wants ownership of the dungeon."

"..."

I suppose this had to happen at one point.

The dungeon had all kinds of powerful materials, even medicine that might be able to cure cancer.

Not to mention the ability to open doors all over the world, as well as transport materials and creatures between the otherworld and this one.

Whoever controls the dungeon controls the world, essentially.

It was a good thing they didn't know that I had a dungeon to myself.

"You can say you want the dungeon, but what does that have to do with me? It's not like I own the thing?"

"Yes, but you are the most influential app-user, the hero who defeated all those threats from the otherworld. Without you, the governments of this world wouldn't even know about the dungeon."

I suppose I couldn't pretend like I had nothing to do with this.

She smiled and leaned forward.

"If you were to rally the other app-users, you could convince them that it's better for the world that the U.S. has control of the dungeon. As for you… Well, you can name your price."

She handed me a check.

A blank check, to be precise.

Aika-chan chuckled and said,

"Is that all you wanted to talk about? I'll have you know, my papa won't fall for such things like bribery and…"

"Alright, deal."

"Papa?!"

I shook the woman's hand and accepted the check.

"Oi… What are you thinking, papa?! Giving the dungeon to these shady people?!"

"Hah? How the hell can I refuse a blank check from the FBI? Are you crazy?"

The woman smiled at me and said,

"Great! Now, as for the price…"

"I want 10% of the FBI's total budget every year."

"..."

Even that made her pause.

"...Excuse me?"

"What, you think I'll give something this powerful to one entity without a steep price? This is cheap, all things considered."

"Well… I suppose you're right about that… Please give me a moment."

She took out her phone and made a text.

In the meantime, Aika-chan leaned over to me and whispered,

"Papa, you've gone way too far this time! No matter how you think about this, there's no way you can let the FBI have control of the dungeon!"

"Just let papa handle this and be quiet like a good girl."

"No way! Papa, I hate you!"

She crossed her arms and pouted the whole time, until the woman put her phone away and said,

"OK, you have yourself a deal, Mr. Satou!"

We shook on it again.

…

…

The FBI had already prepared agents who had the potential to enter the dungeon.

So, my job was just to ensure that they won't be interfered with by the other app-users.

Of course, that was easy to arrange.

"I see… So we can access this door, huh?"

The woman said, when I directed her to a door somewhere in the outskirts of Las Vegas.

"Yeah. All the app-users will listen to me, so don't worry about them bothering you."

"I knew it was a good decision to rely on you. We have sent the first installment of your payment. Thank you for working with us."

I nodded as the woman sent the chosen agents to enter the dungeon door.

Meanwhile…

I looked at the money that was sent to the app.

1 billion USD.

That is around 160 billion Yen.

I just earned a crazy amount of money.

Once we left the FBI agents to do their thing, Aika-chan said,

"...Papa, why did you just lead them into Vanir-san's dungeon?"

I chuckled and said,

"Well, it's not like they'll know the difference. We just gotta give them some rare materials here and there, but it's nothing that everyone else won't have access to."

The Japanese military already had access to Adamantite and other such materials, anyway. The U.S. won't get such a big technological leap from this as much as they'd think.

But the fact that they'll have 'exclusive access' will make them happy for a while.

And not only that, but I get free money out of it.

"Papa… Your 'Cunning' and 'Bravery' just increased by +10… You're really the biggest liar ever!"

"...A daughter shouldn't call her papa that."

She glanced away from me and said,

"Sorry, papa. I should have trusted you more. I don't really hate you, I just said that because I thought you were betraying everyone!"

I smiled and patted her head, which was a bit awkward now that we were about the same height. She was still in her grown-up form, which made it kind of funny how she was acting like a little kid, still.

"It's a good thing that you're thinking for yourself. You don't have to go along with every single thing that I do. And having someone to question me is good, too. I know that I tend to go too far sometimes."

"At least you're aware!"

She smiled and hugged me.

"Even so, I'll try to trust papa more."

"...And next time, I'll let Aika-chan know if I'm planning to trick people."

"What a bad influence you are, papa!"

Your bond with Satou Aika has deepened!

Satou Aika (A.I. Daughter), Bond Rank: 3

At first I thought that papa was being bad, but I learned that I should trust papa a bit more! I'm sorry about that, papa! I also thought it was pretty cool how you tricked those FBI agents! You're so sneaky! So, what are you gonna do with all that money, papa? Maybe we can go on another trip? Or you can buy me, and mama and all my lovely aunties some expensive stuff! I can't wait for the gift you'll give me to keep me quiet about all your shenanigans!

Bond Reward:

You learn the [Lock-On] skill!

[Lock-On] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

When you target a creature that has evasion points, ignore 1 point of evasion whenever you attack.

Part 7

"...Onii-sama, what are you doing?"

Iris asked, when she saw me in the living room, fanning myself with a wad of dollar bills.

"Just thinking about what to do with all my money…"

"You have the same greedy look as the corrupt nobles back in my kingdom…"

I stopped in order to prevent Iris from having a bad opinion of me.

Still, it was a legitimate question.

"I guess I should open a business, huh?"

I was thinking of a Blacksmith business, but that wasn't an immediate priority.

I also didn't want to make an enemy of the blacksmith.

But just opening any ordinary business seemed a bit redundant.

Especially since I was already rich beyond my wildest dreams.

So it had to be something that would benefit me aside from monetary gains.

After a bit of thinking, I got an idea.

"Eh? Onii-sama, you're going to open a mall?"

Since Iris had been here long enough, she knew what a mall was.

In fact, she had been to one before with her friends from school.

I know, because I stalked… I mean, followed them.

"Not just any mall… I'm going to open a Kazumall!"

"...What does that even mean?"

Iris followed me to my room, where I took the divine laptop and went to work.

I created an entirely new dungeon floor and designed it to look like an ordinary shopping mall.

"...Eh? Onii-sama, don't tell me, you…"

"That's right."

There has always been a restriction with dungeons to prevent those without potential to use the app from accessing it.

But ever since I received this laptop, I had been looking for ways to allow ordinary people to enter it.

However, no matter how hard I tried, it seemed that there were strict safety measures in place to prevent ordinary people from entering a dungeon.

At least, one with monsters in it.

It seems that the system's safety measures can be convinced to let regular people in if there are no hazards whatsoever.

With my first dungeon floor, I already made golems and traps.

So even if that wasn't inherently dangerous, since it was a controlled environment, the system still designated it as a dangerous area for ordinary civilians.

But if I design a new floor with none of these hazards whatsoever…

First I had Sena try it.

Not only could she see the door, she was even able to go through it.

"...So this is the inside of a dungeon… Wait, isn't this just a mall?!"

She said, after Iris and I both followed after her.

"Yeah. If it resembles an ordinary dungeon even the slightest bit, this might not work."

"I see."

"In any case, I'll be relying on Sena to handle all the paperwork and purchase the goods for me. I'll provide the funds, of course."

"...So all the hard work ends up falling to me, huh?!"

"Don't worry, I'll give you an employee discount to Kazumall!"

"You're counting me as an employee already?!"

I let Sena handle all of that.

Meanwhile, as the mall was in production, we went to the dungeon to keep up our training.

But we met a wall along the way.

On the 70th floor.

It was known as the spider floor.

This was the most hated floor by app-users, not for its difficulty, but those with a fear of spiders all skipped this floor.

I didn't have a fear of spiders, but…

"Gah?! Why is the entire floor covered with them?! Disgusting?!"

We immediately closed the door once we saw what it was like inside.

Giant Spiders crawling everywhere.

"Megumin, just nuke the whole thing."

"Explosion!"

We opened the door for her and let Megumin destroy the spiders with explosion.

"Ugh, it stinks!"

Aqua said, as we re-entered and made our way to the floor exit.

"The smell of explosion's aftermath… There's no way I can hate it… Bleh!"

Megumin took a deep breath, then gagged and ran to the exit.

"Argh! These things are disgusting!"

Darkness said, also hurrying to the other side.

When we made our way out, I said,

"I'm surprised, Darkness. I thought you'd find enjoyment in that somehow."

"...How degenerate do you really think I am? You think I'd enjoy the smell of burnt spider carcasses?!"

"Sorry, it's my default instinct to assume you'd enjoy anything remotely abominable."

We figured it was a good stopping point, especially since morale was kind of low after going through that floor.

We teleported back to the mansion.

I only gained 2 levels from all of that, leaving me at level 82.

It was getting way harder to earn levels these days.

Even with the EXP farm active and us going to the dungeon everyday.

All I could do was keep going back to the dungeon.

For now, it wasn't a good idea to keep pushing ourselves.

5 floors in a day was probably good for a max goal.

The other groups got back. I checked up on Chris again.

"Yo. You guys doing well?"

She scratched her cheek, then said,

"Yeah, Rin-chan even managed to get a Rank 10 skill for her Elemental Master class…"

"That's good, isn't it?"

"I suppose, but…"

Just when I was wondering why Chris seemed so conflicted…

"Oi, you guys got any berries, or something?"

Sitting on the couch, there was a being that I could only describe as a tanuki girl.

A brown haired little girl with a pair of tanuki ears and a tail.

Rin was looking at her with hearts in her eyes.

"She's so cute! My own little Magic Tanuki Girl… Kyaaa?!"

"Hey, hands off, girl!"

Even though Rin was clearly lovestruck over this tanuki girl, it didn't seem to be as enthused with her adoration.

"...What is this thing? Can I smite it?"

Aqua said, while staring at the tanuki girl.

Rin immediately went to spread her arms protectively over the girl.

"Don't even think about it! This is my Rank 10 spirit summon!"

She was talking about it as if it was some ultra rare gacha pull.

Well, it just might be.

The Elemental Master class could summon elemental spirits to use in combat and utility purposes.

Rin had summoned things like fire and wind elementals before…

But I guess the Rank 10 version of the skill would summon something like an intelligent spirit.

Aside from the tanuki features, though, this thing seems like an ordinary girl.

Is it really a spirit?

Chris sighed and said,

"This girl already tried to steal our loot before… I think it's a liability."

Oi.

What kind of summoned spirit steals its master's loot?!

Rin glared at Chris and said,

"We don't know if she really tried to steal it! It could have been a misunderstanding!"

"I stole it."

"She must have had a good reason to steal it!"

"I just did it for fun."

"...S-See? It was just for fun. No harm, no foul."

That was some insane defense Rin was giving.

The tanuki girl sighed and said,

"Oi, 'master', if you don't have any specific tasks for me, can you summon me back? I have a deadline for a book I need to meet."

A deadline?

Is this really a summoned spirit?

Rin seemed reluctant, but she eventually nodded.

"O-OK. I'll summon you soon!"

"Don't."

With that, the tanuki spirit disappeared in a puff of smoke.

Rin smiled and said,

"She's so friendly!"

We all stared at her, not saying anything.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, OtroWey, NightSight and 190 others
BoringBone
Jul 7, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
26 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Fakeking
[NSFW] This Garbage World Needs A Blessing (Rance X Konosuba)
Fakeking Jun 9, 2026 Words: 35k 1 ... 45 46 47 au harem konosuba
Replies1K
Views74K
Jul 23, 2026
sperance
sperance
Aeon_Rex
Thread watched
[NSFW] God's Blessing on this Nameless Hero (Konosuba Au Si)
Aeon_Rex Jun 26, 2025 Words: 11k 1 2 cyoa harem protag heroine's hero
Replies30
Views19K
Jun 30, 2025
abyss_kaiser
abyss_kaiser
alongdream
[NSFW] No! I Won't Reincarnate There! (Konosuba)
alongdream Sep 25, 2025 Words: 23k 1 2 kono subarashii sekai ni shukufuku wo! magi-the labyrinth of magic oc insert
Replies33
Views16K
Feb 8, 2026
ENDDRAGON
ENDDRAGON
Everes
[NSFW] A Goddess's Marvelous Adventures (Konosuba Aqua in the MCU)
Everes Jul 22, 2026 Words: 22k 1 2
Replies59
Views6K
Jul 28, 2026
Icura
Icura
abyss_kaiser
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Dominating this Wonderful World! - Overlord(Game) SI into Konosuba
abyss_kaiser Jul 25, 2026 Words: 23k 1 ... 4 5 6 actually evil mc conquest empire building
Replies159
Views19K
Monday at 14:25
Top Sun
Top Sun
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] God's Blessing on this IRL Dungeon! (Konosuba)
 Thread starterBoringBone  Start dateSep 3, 2024  Tagsgamer fic harem kono subarashii sekai ni shukufuku wo! konosuba lewds weak to strong protag
Prev  
1
2
3
 
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 60: No Luck For This Unfortunate Soul!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Jul 21, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,479
Chapter 60: No Luck For This Unfortunate Soul!

Part 1

I got a text from Kuroko, thanking me once again for the gift.

I knew you had a good time last time, but I didn't think it was worth a rolex!

I guess I had to keep up that lie.

That oji-san owes me for this…!

It was thanks for all the good memories we had at the guild.

Hehe… Did you like my new two-toned hair? I told you about it a few days ago, right?

It suits you.

Thanks!

While we were talking, I had an idea.

Aqua said that she wanted to play the MMO again as a group.

It was surprisingly useful in teaching them unit formations and how to think on their feet.

So, I invited everyone to come to the game room.

They had met Dark+Angel before, so it wasn't that hard to have her included in the party.

Ah?! Megumin, why did you use an AoE effect right away?! I was still in range?!

Only for Kuroko to start raging when Megumin did her usual thing.

Unfortunately, Kuroko rage quit after only thirty minutes of gameplay.

Mitsurugi coughed into his hand.

"This game is fun and all, but I think I'm gonna get started on my summer homework now."

Oh, right.

Originally, I was just going to have my clones do that.

But I gave them a break.

"...I guess I'll have to do it, too."

"I'm surprised, Satou. I thought you were the type to forget it until the very last day."

"You really think I'm that stupid, huh?"

I went upstairs to join him in the kitchen. We spread out our notebooks and started going to work.

I took a pen, glanced at the questions, then started quickly answering them.

"Alright, done."

"That fast?!"

Mitsurugi, with disbelief in his eyes, stood up to look over my answer.

"...This all seems right."

I chuckled and said,

"Oh, right. Since you spend all your points on physical stats, you don't have any to spare on Intelligence, huh? Tsk, tsk. Right now, my Intelligence is at 121. That's beyond super genius levels, don't you know? Bwahaha! Tremble before my superior intellect!"

"...You sound like some generic minor villain right now, Satou."

Since Mitsurugi was now reading more manga and getting deeper into otaku culture in general, his quips had gotten sharper.

Being more genre savvy, I couldn't mock him as much as I used to.

"Tsk… This normie's power level keeps increasing… Did I make some kind of mistake? Perhaps he will soon become my most powerful enemy… Or perhaps, he's a double agent sent by SERN?! El. Psy. Congroo…"

"Huh? What did you say at the end there?"

Good. He hasn't gotten that powerful yet.

"Hey, Satou, since you finished your homework so quickly…"

"Forget it."

"You didn't even let me finish!"

"I already know what you're gonna ask! There's nothing you can possibly offer me that would make me do your homework for you! Money? I've already got more than you can imagine! What else could you possibly give me, huh?!"

"...Appreciation from one of your best friends?"

"..."

Oi, why did he have to take it there?!

"I-I suppose I can help you with one subject… But nothing else!"

And so, I ended up helping him, in the end.

When we finished our homework, I said,

"By the way, Mitsurugi, whatever happened with Cecily?"

Since I hadn't heard about that in a while, I decided to ask.

"Ah… I'm gonna see her over the break, actually."

This guy…

He actually went and did it, huh?

"That's quite the judgemental look you're giving me, Satou."

"Just because she's beautiful… You really don't care about personality, huh?"

"What makes you say that?!"

"I mean, you even fell for Aqua…"

"...You're the one who is currently dating her!"

Ah, that immediately backfired on me.

He smirked when he sensed my weakness.

"W-Well, you know…"

"Oh? Satou, do you only date girls because of their looks? After all, you always say that the girls in this household are all flawed in some way… Doesn't that make you weird for dating so many troublesome girls?!"

"So we're troublesome, huh?!"

"...?!"

Mitsurugi froze as he heard Aqua's voice behind him.

Megumin, Darkness and Yunyun were also there, looking at him.

"A-Ah, that's not what I meant!'

Yunyun sniffed once and rubbed the corner of her eye.

"I-I thought that Kyouya-san thought highly of me… Was I wrong?"

"I do think highly of you! Ahh! It's Satou's fault!"

"Hm… Well, I do believe that."

Megumin said, nodding her head.

Oi…

Why did she believe him right away?!

"To think you'd believe this random guy over your boyfriend!"

"Who said I'm some random guy?! We're all friends here!"

Chris, who looked like she just finished a shower, as she was towelling her hair, went down and saw what was going on.

"...Is it like this every night?"

Sena, who was drinking wine on the couch, said,

"Yeah, pretty much."

…

…

Before sleeping, I went to check up on the FBI.

Vanir, who was now enjoying tormenting them, said to me,

"Boy, you've given me a wonderful gift! I will be sure to enjoy this!"

He was ecstatic.

"...Just don't go too hard on them. The point is to distract and keep their attention occupied, hopefully forever."

"Don't worry. I'm now a veteran at this! I understand just how far to push the human psyche, before they go completely insane!"

Now that I'm hearing him talk like this, maybe Chris had a point about the dungeon being in the wrong hands.

Nonetheless, I left the matter of the FBI up to Vanir.

I watched the selected agents going through the corridors of Vanir's dungeon.

Just like I taught him, the form of the dungeon would constantly shift, making the agents believe like they were advancing in the dungeon.

As for their gear, they were using basic equipment like leather swords and iron swords that Vanir let them find as 'loot'.

Seeing FBI agents wearing such noob loot.

"Pffftt…"

I couldn't help but laugh.

Part 2

When I came downstairs the next morning, I saw Rin in the living room.

Sitting on the couch was that tanuki spirit again.

She was using a laptop and had an annoyed look on her face. She said,

"Oi, why'd you summon me so early in the morning?! And I told you not to summon me unless it's important!"

"But this is important!"

"What is it? Is that perverted-looking guy harassing you?"

This spirit had the nerve to say that about me.

"I wanted to make you breakfast! It's the most important meal of the day!"

"That's not important! I told you I'm running late on a deadline, aren't I?"

She did mention that before.

"What are you writing, anyway?"

I asked, curious to see what a tanuki spirit could be writing about.

When I looked at her laptop screen I saw some very familiar prose.

It has been three years since the Dragon Knight has been banished from his country.

Separated from his beloved princess, the Dragon Knight now has to take on a new identity.

He changed his appearance using magic. Then, he went to a quiet village to hide from his pursuers…

Wait, wasn't this similar to the story that Rin recommended to me a while ago?

'The Banished Dragon Knight'.

The same story that Dust got mad about, since it detailed the past that he was trying to keep secret.

Actually, we were both wondering who wrote that book.

We surmised it could have been someone from the otherworld, but…

Is it really this tanuki spirit?!

"Oi, would this happen to be the sequel to 'The Banished Dragon Knight'?"

I asked, once I read the passage.

"Yeah, what about it?"

Once it was confirmed…

Rin gasped and stared at her summoned spirit reverently.

"OMG! Are you really Ponko-sensei?!"

The one known under the pen name 'Ponko', shrugged her shoulders and nodded.

"Yeah, that's me!"

"I'm such a big fan! Please give me your autograph! No, I'm not worthy to be in your presence! Forgive me!"

She went on her knees to bow to Ponko.

"...You do realize that you're my master, right?"

Ponko said, confused by Rin's behavior towards her.

After Ponko gave Rin her autograph, I said,

"...This story about the Dragon Knight, where did you hear it from?"

"Ah? It's from the world I was originally from. When the portal brought me here, I needed to find a way to make a living, without making direct contact with people."

"Oh, to hide your features?"

"No, I just hate people."

What kind of answer is that?

"So, I just took a fairy tale from my world and submitted it as a novel. Fortunately, I got published, and now I make my living as a writer."

"I see."

It sucks for Dust, but it seemed like that was how his backstory made its way to our world.

So the portals were even bringing spirits over to our world…

How troublesome.

"If you see a blond delinquent, make sure to avoid him at all costs."

"Hah?"

Ponko was confused when I said this, but for her safety, I warned her.

Dust was still looking for the one who shared his secret, after all.

…

…

I went to the succubus shop that day, in order to look for Dust.

Even though it was the middle of the day, I found him there.

"Oh, Kazuma. What's up? Did you come here to pay for my tab?"

He said, immediately asking for a monetary favor as soon as he saw me.

"...How much do you owe?"

"1 million!"

Considering how cheap the services were, I was surprised he was even able to rack up that much debt.

Still, I wanted him in a good mood, so I took out the money and paid his debt.

"Sweet! You're a good pal, Kazuma!"

He slapped my shoulder.

"Did you get any clues about who's writing that book?"

He sighed and shook his head.

"No clue. I've been looking everywhere, too. The women's changing room, women's yoga classes, the woman's side of the onsen…"

Those were the last places one would ordinarily look.

Which is to say, he wasn't taking this seriously, at all.

That was good to hear.

Realistically, there weren't any clues about the mysterious writer, Ponko.

She was good at hiding her tracks that way.

Still, I learned not to underestimate Dust, after he completely destroyed both Chris and I in combat.

In order to keep him distracted…

"Here's another million in case you need it."

"Eh?! Seriously?! Wow, thanks, buddy! I'm gonna head to a soapland with this!"

This guy…!

I felt bad, knowing my hard-earned money would be squandered in such a fashion, but I just put on a smile, since the whole point was to distract him.

After dealing with Dust, I headed over to Rorisa.

"Ah, Kazuma-san! Welcome back!"

I smiled at her and said,

"Are you free right now? I wanna take you out like I promised."

"Yeah, I can head out with you! We only get busy at night, anyway."

The only ones bumming around here during the day were losers like Dust.

So, I took Rorisa out after she changed her clothes.

"Thanks for waiting!"

She looked just like a beautiful, human girl after she hid her succubus traits.

She clung onto my arm.

Ah, what a treat!

"Where do you want to take me, Kazuma-san?"

She said, giving me a sweet smile.

"First, I'll take you shopping and completely spoil you…"

"Eh?! You don't need to do that, Kazuma-san!"

"It's fine. I want to."

I had so much money now that even splurging like this was just a drop in the bucket.

For a hardworking girl like Rorisa, I wanted to treat her.

And so, coming out of the nightlife district, we headed downtown.

Rorisa was used to going out on her own, but she never went to the expensive brand stores, due to her modest salary.

"Wait, I really can't let you bring me here!"

I said, while I practically had to drag her to a luxury fashion store.

"It's fine, it's fine."

Eventually, I managed to tempt her to at least try some stuff on.

"Uuuu… This looks really good…"

When she saw how well the clothes fit her, she eventually caved and let me buy them for her.

Just like with Yunyun, when the other women in the store saw me spoiling Rorisa with expensive clothing, without any hesitation…

Your 'Charisma' and 'Attractiveness' increased by +10!

Those two stats spiked up massively.

You discovered a trending store! 'Charisma' and 'Attractiveness' bonuses that are gained in this location are doubled as long as this store is trending!

Ah, so that's why.

Part 3

"Is it really fine for me to have all this stuff?"

Rorisa said, while I was carrying all the bags full of clothes and accessories we picked out for her.

"Of course."

That money wouldn't go anywhere, anytime soon, anyway.

"You're so good to me, Kazuma-san!"

She said, while hugging my arm.

"I was to pay you back somehow, though… Ah, how about a stop over there?"

She cheekily grinned while pointing at a love hotel.

…I would have offered to just teleport her home, but…

Knowing how Aqua would react, not to mention how Aqua's barriers might just fry Rorisa…

I accepted her offer.

Going to a love hotel really does make you feel like a normie…

I feel like it's the ultimate sign that you won in life.

There was a couple who were leaving the lobby as we entered.

The girl ducked away shyly, while the guy gave me a triumphant look of acknowledgement.

We gave each other the smile of two guys who were both winners in life.

However, the next encounter I had wasn't as amicable.

Because as we were about to register, I saw Mitsurugi.

Along with the corrupt nun, Cecily.

"Ah, Kazuma-kun! Thank you so much for helping me bag this stud~!"

What the hell is this woman saying?!

She has no filter, does she?

Saying that when the guy is right there…

Although, he was blushing and looked like he enjoyed it.

What a conceited fellow.

"Well… You're welcome, I guess."

"Satou… You've got a different girl now?"

Mitsurugi said, glancing between me and Rorisa, as he leaned in to whisper to me.

I guess he wouldn't recognize her as a succubus. What a pure guy.

Even though he was hooking up with the most impure woman I know.

Ahh… This was the awkward encounter of doom.

Rorisa smiled and bowed at them,

"Nice to meet you, I'm Rorisa!"

Cecily looked at Rorisa adoringly, but then sniffed at her.

"Ah, you're so cute, child~! But… For some reason, there is a foul odor about you…"

"Eh, I stink?!"

Crap. Cecily's nose wasn't as good as Aqua's, but I pet her Priest class gave her some hint that Rorisa is a devil.

"W-Well, we've been walking around in the sweltering heat. I'll have her take a shower. See you guys later!"

Using that pretense, I dragged Rorisa away.

"I-I stink that badly, huh…?"

Rorisa said, while lifting her top up and sniffing herself.

Sorry, Rorisa.

I had to sacrifice you to make that escape.

Your bond with Cecily has deepened!

Cecily (Cultist Freak), Bond Rank: 2

Through your efforts, you have managed to hook Cecily up with Mitsurugi Kyouya. Whether this decision was good or not remains to be seen. Regardless, she now sees you as someone who is useful in achieving her desires. She will rely on you in the future. Getting in the way of her horrid plans will decrease your bond rank with her.

Bond Reward: +5 Bravery

Scary!

This is the most ominous bond description I've ever read!

What does it mean by 'horrid plans'?!

What is this madwoman planning?!

…

…

I thought that the Cecily encounter would ruin the mood, but…

After we took a shower, with Rorisa taking a shower for ten minutes longer than I did…

We were both in bed, happily kissing each other.

"Mnn… Kazuma-san… Tell me I smell good…"

"You smell heavenly…"

"Ehe~!"

I suppose this could count as romantic talk?

"Kazuma-san… Mnnn!"

In order to raise her self-confidence again, I went down on her.

With her legs spread open, with her laying down comfortably, my tongue darted in and out of her pussy lips.

"Ahh… Kazuma-san… You're so good…!"

To have a succubus say that was very reassuring.

Although since she was a succubus, I also had trouble determining if that was actual praise, or just flattery.

Those doubts were dismissed, though, when I felt love juices spilling out.

"Hnnngh!"

Getting a succubus to have such an intense climax…

Another +5 to my ego.

If there was such a thing as an 'Ego' stat, mine would probably be in the thousands by now.

I'm the first to admit that.

I smiled as I helped Rorisa take the rest of her clothes off, before stripping the rest of mine.

Then, I mounted her missionary style, sticking my cock all the way up to her deepest parts.

"Mnn…!"

We both moaned at the connection.

I thrusted away deep inside her, enjoying her tightness, as well as all her cute reactions to my strokes.

Getting to have sex with a succubus was literally a fantasy come true…!

"Ah… Kazuma-san… Mnn!"

I fondled her small chest, enjoying her smooth, perfect skin, as well as the soft handfuls in my hands.

My thumbs played with her little nipples, making her moan more.

All this while I steadily thrusted inside her tight, wet pussy.

"Kazuma-san…! I'm gonna… Hnnnghh!"

I already got her to cum a second time… Geez, I'm way too good at this.

…Or maybe succubi are just more sensitive than human girls.

N-No, it's definitely the former!

She turned around and let me enter her from behind on the second round.

I clutched her soft butt as I drilled it into her doggy-style.

Such a lewd pose, even though she had an innocent face…

The whole time, she was still in her human disguise.

She looked like a human girl, even though there was a supernatural charisma about her that made me want to keep pounding her for hours.

"Ah… Ah… Rorisa, when is your next shift gonna start…?"

"Mnn… In the evening…!"

"I see. I'll extend our session by four hours, then!"

"Geez, Kazuma-san~! You'll break me~!"

She said the line all guys want to hear.

As expected of a succubus… She knows how to turn a guy on!

"Hnnnghhh!"

While pinning her down, I came deep inside her.

And after that, we kept going for several more hours.

Part 4

Right at the end of the first week of the break, there was the soccer training camp.

Knowing that, I went about to set my affairs in order.

Namely, the Kazumall.

Thanks to Sena, the matter of the supplies were taken care of.

The next thing was leasing the building.

Not like we actually needed the space. The door would lead into the dungeon floor, after all.

It was all a matter of fooling the outsiders.

Thankfully, the government assisted in everything, including funding the supplies and the building.

I didn't even have to spend anything.

"...What did you end up telling them?"

I asked Sena, who averted her gaze.

"I simply told them the truth. This is for the sake of protecting the country."

This Sena… She sure has become resourceful!

She knew that I would have to leave for a couple days, so she went ahead and took care to finalize everything before the grand opening, which would take place in a week.

Of course, a normal mall would take way longer to set up.

But the mall itself was already constructed within the dungeon floor, and the supplies would be brought in by the golems.

As for employment…

I went to Norse for that.

"Those who wanna work, raise your hands!"

When I called everyone to meet by the Regina-sama statue, I announced this.

"..."

I was met with dead silence and no raised hands.

Regina-sama refused to make eye-contact with me when I turned to look at her.

"Oi. Do you see what your followers are doing to me right now?"

"...I'm terribly sorry."

She apologized without providing any excuses.

Anna sighed while putting her hands behind her head.

"Hah? Why would we do that? All our needs are already taken care of here, and we are golems who don't even need to eat. Why do we need to work?"

I suppose that was a valid point.

I coughed into my hand and said,

"About that. I will be giving the clone who is running this place a break."

"Hah?!"

Ever since the inception of this city, one clone has been uploaded into the system to work in tandem with the dungeon's AI.

But the kingdom didn't need to expand to its full extent so quickly, especially since the population was still pretty low. They didn't need that much space yet.

So, I was planning on either reabsorbing that clone or putting it in a golem.

"You can't do this to us! Does that mean we'll have to work a j-j-j… I don't even want to say it!"

"I haven't had to work in 30 years!"

"I've been dead for almost a century, and you expect me to go back to the workforce?! Are you insane?!"

…I suppose these guys who had been dead for so long would be adverse to doing work.

"Ehh… I see… I guess you don't want to work, then…"

"That's right!"

"Then how will you get cars? Or luxury goods? Or the new Switch?"

They paused, then looked at each other.

"Actually… What do we have in the way of goods."

"...Nothing of worth, right?"

Sure, the clone had been handling everything, but aside from buildings and infrastructure, there wasn't much in the way of entertainment in Norse.

I suppose these ghosts didn't really notice it, since they were used to just bumming around all day without getting to do anything.

But now that they had physical bodies, of course they'd be tempted to enjoy the finer things in life.

And in order to do that, they need money.

"...Maybe this isn't a bad idea?"

"Yeah, I've always wanted to try buying a ferrari…"

"I've always wanted to play the new video games, too. I died before Myriad Swords 2 came out!"

Anna, seeing the shift in her comrades' stances, said,

"W-Why are you all falling for the capitalist propaganda?! Stay strong, brothers and sisters!"

But her attempts to rouse them didn't pay off, and I soon had many citizens of Norse applying for a job.

Regina chuckled at the display.

"Well, at least they have something to occupy their time with now."

She was probably getting concerned about her citizens just lazing around all day.

Once the employment issue was taken care of, I decided to just reabsorb the clone.

There were already three of them who were in golem bodies. Besides, I wanted to test out the original utility of [Parallel Processing].

"Welcome back, me."

I said, when the clone returned to my mind.

Ah, if it isn't the slave driver…

I sensed some resentment from its voice.

"My bad! At least you won't have to go back for some time."

Well, I was rather proud of my work, I have to admit.

Seeing that it was content with the outcome, I turned the skill off, since it was draining my stamina keeping it on.

The voice in my head went quiet.

After that, I went to Chris and asked her to overlook the dungeon while I was away on the training camp.

"Leave it to me. I'll make sure nothing fishy is going on…."

"Don't harass Vanir too much."

"Che! As if I'd even think about spending a moment with that devil!"

…Was there some kind of history between them after all?

From what I knew, Chris had no interactions with Vanir.

Or maybe she was one of the adventurers who entered the fake dungeon.

Whatever the case, she seemed pissed off enough about Vanir that I didn't pry any further.

…

…

And so, with all that taken care of, I went to school the next day.

We were set to meet up in the parking lot, where the bus would be waiting for us.

My fellow teammates had a bunch of luggage, while I only brought a backpack with me.

"Eh? Satou… Why do you only have a backpack with you?"

That was because everything I needed was in my inventory.

Not like they knew that.

"...The question is, why did you all pack like we'd be gone for a month. We'll only be there for three days."

They shook their heads with sly grins.

"Tsk, tsk… So naive!"

"We made sure to pack all sorts of clothes, as well as colognes and hair gel, after all…"

Didn't they realize that we were going to a training camp, not a fashion show?

"Ah, that's right. Satou only joined partway through his second year… Listen, Satou. The coach always takes us to a ryokan in Narita for training camp!"

"And you know who goes to that onsen at this time every year?"

"Corrupt politicians who use our taxpayer money to go on trips with their mistresses?"

"...Satou, you're really not on the same wavelength as us, huh?"

Mitsurugi sighed, hearing what the others were saying. He said,

"Every year, the local all-girls school also goes to that same ryokan.."

"Exactly! A bunch of fancy ojou-sama from an all-girls school!"

"So that's why we always have to look our best, you understand?!"

I see. So it was like that.

Not like I really cared that much.

I wasn't desperate to get any action these days.

I shook my head and went ahead into the bus.

"Well, good luck with that."

"He doesn't care at all?!"

"...He is dating that cute freshman, after all."

"Ah, that's right… The cute girl who always cheers him on in games… Damn it, Satou!"

If they found out I was dating more girls other than Rin, they'd probably assault me.

Part 5

Since we were by the mountains, the coach took this opportunity to make us do some trail runs.

"Move it, move it!"

He yelled, as he rode ahead of us on a bike.

Honestly, Mitsurugi and I could have caught up to him, but it was probably a bad idea to show such feats.

"Hah… Hah… How long is he gonna make us do this!"

One of our teammates said, looking like he was on the verge of collapsing.

Meanwhile, I hadn't even broken a sweat yet. I was just using [Create Water] to make my skin look wet.

Your 'Cunning' went up by +1!

My Cunning was now at 149.

Unless I unlock an advanced class or a skill that can raise 'Cunning' like I could with 'Luck' with the Gambler class, I won't be able to raise it past 150, which is the stat cap provided to me by [Growth].

A class that could raise 'Cunning' would be the 'Dark Stalker' class that Chris took a few levels in.

I guess I'd have to go on more raids to unlock that class…

While I was thinking of this…

Suddenly, [Enemy Detection] activated.

"Gahh! A bear!"

One of our teammates yelled.

Certainly, there were some bear warning signs here.

But the bears were known to fear people and avoid them, so it was very safe to go on this trail.

Otherwise this wouldn't be a popular tourist spot or a destination for school training camps.

But this bear wasn't an ordinary one.

It was a One-shot Bear, waiting ahead of us.

"Grrr…"

It growled, as drool went down its chin.

"W-What kind of bear is that?!"

The coach said, swerving his bike around.

Of course they would panic upon seeing such a monstrous creature.

Mitsurugi came and whispered to me, as we all started slowly walking backwards, not making any sudden actions.

"...What is a One-Shot Bear doing here?"

"I think it's a creature that slipped through a dimensional tear."

The boundary between the two dimensions was getting weaker by the day.

Not to mention the creatures that were getting in were becoming more dangerous.

First Cecily, now a One-Shot Bear?

A bunch of dangerous threats to society were pouring in.

"D-Don't make any sudden movements. Walk slowly."

The coach said, keeping the rest of the students calm.

Now, that advice would normally be effective against a real bear.

But a One-Shot Bear isn't an animal, it's a monster.

"Graaarrr!"

It roared, starting to charge towards us.

I chanted and activated the spell [Bottomless Swamp].

"Grrrar…?!"

It slowly started sinking down into the swamp.

"F-For some reason it started slowing down…"

"Yosh! I think it's scared! There's no way to outrun a bear, so let's just try to intimidate it! Everyone, start yelling!"

The coach is saying all the right things, but not for a One-Shot Bear!

"Go away bear! Rawwr!"

"Go back! Go back! Go back!"

"Shooo! Shooo!"

Ah, this is gonna be a disaster.

The reason being that from using [Lore Reading], I saw that this One-Shot Bear has a Rank 7 [Overwhelm] skill.

That meant that it already got out of the swamp.

This really isn't good!

Anything Mitsurugi and I could do to defeat this thing would raise questions.

Especially Mitsurugi. If he took Gram out right now to defeat this monster, there was no way he could explain it.

In this situation, I needed a moment to think, but the bear was already freed from the swamp.

That was when I used [Parallel Processing].

Using the clone that I reabsorbed, I doubled the speed of my thoughts.

I needed a way to disable or kill this bear in as discreet a way as possible.

Not only in an efficient way, but in a way that would be perceived as natural as possible.

Why don't you summon me?

The clone thought of this idea.

Without hesitating, I summoned an Earth Golem.

I put the clone into the golem's body.

Then the golem casted [Lurk] to sneak away from the group.

And when it gained some space from us…

Since it was technically me, we both had access to our inventory.

It brought out a rifle.

So guns would end up being useful after all…

The clone then used [Disguise], along with [Smithing], to make itself look like an animal control specialist.

The clone raised the rifle and fired.

The only thing I had to do was use [Meta-Control Spell] on the bullet.

Raising its frequency to a deadly level of vibration once the bullet made contact with the bear's skull.

The One-Shot Bear normally had a high defense, and the clone didn't share my stats, aside from Intelligence.

But with the way the golem-rhino horn bullet vibrated…

Blood and brain matter burst out of the bear's skull before it fell over.

The group yelled in terror at the sight, since it was probably the first time they had seen such a violent scene in real life.

The clone then revealed himself. The disguise wasn't perfect, since he didn't have any proper clothes to make a disguise with. The clothing he was wearing right now was part of its body, which was altered with [Smithing], with [Disguise] adding some final touches to at least make it look realistic.

Right now, I doubted that the others were scrutinizing every last detail. They were just glad that someone saved them.

"Oh, thank god!"

"You're my hero, dude!"

"We're saved!"

The golem raised his hand and said,

"Please vacate the trail and warn anyone you encounter along the way. We will deal with the situation here."

Without needing to be told twice, the group quickly exited the scene.

"Good job, Satou…"

Mitsurugi said, whispering to me.

"...Even monsters are starting to get through."

"Yeah, this is bad…"

We shared a look, before joining the others in descending the mountain, warning everyone we encountered, as well as those who were staying in the ryokan we would be staying at.

After that encounter, it was decided that the training camp would end early, although we would stay in the ryokan for the night.

Part 6

I thought that after the run in with a monstrous bear would lower the spirits of my teammates, but…

When we safely arrived at the ryokan, and after the authorities arrived to make sure we were safe, they went on about their 'plan'.

"You already know what we want to do, right, Satou?"

"Of course… We've gotta peep at the women's bath!"

They said this ridiculous thing.

If I was still a horny, single dude, I might have gone along with their plan.

But right now, there wasn't really a reason for me to act in such a desperate manner.

"Go have fun with that."

"We've got Mr. Big Shot over here!"

"He shoots he fucking scores, huh?!"

What are these ill-mannered chimps even getting upset about?

Rather than join them in the men's baths, where they would carry out their 'operation', Mitsurugi and I just went to the mixed-gender bath.

"Hah, those guys can get wild sometimes, huh?"

Mitsurugi said, as we began to get changed.

"Tell me about it… Besides, if they just wanna ogle naked women, they'd have a better chance in the mixed-gender bath.

He paused while staring at me.

"Wait, that's not why you're going in here, right?"

"Of course not. But if there happens to be a beautiful woman in here, then I'm not in the wrong for looking at her, right? After all, it's a public space."

"...Yeah, you're right, but… No, that's just as bad! Oi, don't tell me that's really why you're coming here?!"

"Hah? Where else am I gonna go? If I go to the men's side, I'll just get in trouble by association. If I come here, I'll be much safer."

"Yeah, but why are you making all those suspicious comments?!"

Once we had towels around our waists, we entered the mixed-gender bath.

"...!!!"

"There's guys here!"

Mitsurugi froze in place when he saw a bunch of girls around.

They were the girls that our teammates mentioned earlier, the one from the all-girls school.

They were all wearing towels around themselves, covering as much of their chests as they could with their hands.

"S-Sorry! We didn't enter the women's baths, did we?!"

"...No, but we knew you boys would try to peep on us like last year, so we moved here."

"I apologize for my teammates!"

Mitsurugi hurriedly bowed to them.

I raised my hands.

"Eh? What's this? I just joined the team pretty recently! I'm not a perv, I swear!"

Mitsurugi shot me a betrayed look as the girls softened their gazes on me.

"Ah, sorry. We don't blame you! It's your perverted teammates fault!"

I slowly nodded and said,

"Yeah… I actually came here because I heard that they were going to try to peep on the women's bath from the other side… I'm sorry for intruding on you now… I didn't mean to violate your safe-space. I'm a male feminist, after all…"

They hurriedly rushed to comfort me.

"No, no, this is a mixed bath! Please don't apologize!"

"Yeah, you have every right to be here! Thanks for being so concerned for us!"

"You're such a gentleman~!"

Mitsurugi looked at me in disbelief as I was surrounded by all these girls.

After earning approval from the girls, Mitsurugi and I washed ourselves before entering the open-air bath.

"...Satou, you're unbelievable, you know that?"

"Hm? I don't know what you're talking about…"

"You were acting so nonchalant, but this was your plan, wasn't it?!"

"There's no way I could have predicted this."

"Somehow, you always find a way!"

"Really, I didn't intend to do this at… all!"

Once I was finished dumping a bucket of water over my head, I threw aside the towel.

"Kyaa~?!"

The girls squealed as I revealed my naked body.

What I'm doing is only natural.

This is the mixed-gender bath, after all.

While confidently strutting, showing off my superhuman-levels of ripped muscles, I made my way to the bath.

"You're enjoying this too much…"

Mitsurugi said, being a lot more modest than me, although he also received attention from the girls.

"W-Wow, look at their bodies…"

"Are they supermodels?!"

"No, their bodies are too perfect…!"

Fufu…

Rather than me checking the girls out, they were the ones checking me out.

As someone who lived for so long as a NEET that no woman paid attention to, of course I would enjoy showing off like this.

Even if I wasn't desperate for female companionship these days, I still sought after their attention.

…Perhaps that really did make me some kind of narcissist.

But it's not like I'm harming anyone.

Although I said that I wasn't here to gawk at women, I couldn't help but notice a big pair of breasts floating on the water.

…Damn, those are huge.

But as a gentleman, I won't look.

A quick, respectful peek should be fine, though.

I turned over to look at this woman.

"..."

I froze in place as I instantly recognized her.

Her eyes also widened when she saw me.

I suppose that Wolbach did mention before that she liked baths.

To think I'd find her in this specific ryokan, though.

"Satou… Why are you staring at…"

Mitsurugi also froze in place when he saw her.

We were both naked, with our phones in our room.

There's no way it'd be in range for me to command Aika-chan.

That meant no access to our inventory.

No weapons, no armor.

Meanwhile, Wolbach, the goddess of destruction, could use her powerful magic to wipe us out at any moment.

Mitsurugi and I both knew this.

I reached forward to grab Mitsurugi, trying to teleport us out, but Wolbach raised a finger.

"I can cast faster than you, don't even try."

Crap.

We were both screwed.

Part 7

Wasn't I supposed to have good luck?

Why was I meeting our enemy while I was buck ass naked, then?!

Just when I thought it was over, Wolbach sighed and leaned back.

"I'm not gonna attack you. I'm on vacation, so I'd rather not have to do that, if you behave."

That's right…

I often forgot that aside from 'destruction', she also ruled over the aspect of 'sloth'.

And so, right now, Wolbach didn't make a move to attack us.

That didn't mean that we could make any sudden moves, though.

Mitsurugi and I slowly sank down into the water, after Wolbach gestured for us to do so.

I looked at her head. Her horns were missing, as well as her long ears and the mark on her forehead.

"...What happened to your horns?"

"I'm using illusion magic, of course. You think I'd walk around in your world looking like I usually do?"

I suppose she wouldn't.

Mitsurugi opted to stay quiet, so I was left to get as much information out of her as I could.

"How's Wiz. Is she with you?"

"No, although I did invite her. She's doing well."

When I sighed in relief, she looked at me questioningly.

"She betrayed you, so why are you concerned about her?"

"She's still my friend."

That would never change.

Besides, the fact that Wiz was so loyal, even to a being like the Demon King, just made her more admirable to me, weirdly enough.

Even if that meant we'd both have to be enemies now.

"I see. And how's Megumin?"

"She's doing fine. She was really hurt, you know? When she found out you've been using her as a spy this whole time, it nearly broke her."

She glanced away at that.

"It would have been great if Megumin joined us. Actually, it's not too late, why don't you all just join the Demon King?"

Mitsurugi almost stood up, but he held himself back from yelling. He said,

"And why would we do that?"

"I'm just saying. It's the best way to prevent tragedy. Sure, you defeated a bunch of us, but Wiz is on our side now. If you really knew what she was capable of, you would have given up already just from that fact alone."

Wolbach smirked and continued,

"And she's only getting stronger… We both are. Thanks to you."

Just when I was wondering what she was talking about, I gasped when I realized something.

The divine laptop. That came from Wolbach.

And if Wolbach got access to another one…

"...You made a dungeon, too?"

"Yup. I learned everything from watching you. And here's something about Liches. They have the [Level Drain] skill. What it does is that it drains levels and stats… But it could also be used on oneself…"

"...Why would you want to do that?"

Mitsurugi said, but I understood where she was going with this.

"You do it to keep gaining levels and skill points endlessly."

She grinned and nodded.

"Exactly."

It didn't matter if your levels and stats were going to drop, if you have a steady EXP source. Since Wiz has Advanced Classes, she could just raise her stats back after they are drained, with all the skill points she gets.

"...Why are you telling us all of this?"

Mitsurugi asked, even though we both had a good idea why.

"It's to show that there isn't really a point in fighting this war anymore. Surely, you can see that it's hopeless now."

"..." x 2.

Mitsurugi and I both went quiet at that.

If Wiz was going through that training, of course Wolbach would as well.

And we hadn't even gotten around to seeing what the Demon King was capable of yet…

This really did seem hopeless.

"Even if you're right, there's no point in surrendering now."

I said, which seemed to surprise the both of them.

"Oh? And why's that?"

"If we surrender now, it won't end with good terms on our side."

We'd be surrendering in a place of weakness. But if we continued to fight, and we were able to survive long enough to draw out the war, we might be able to get more favorable terms.

After all, it was way too naive to hope for a victory. The only thing we could hope for was to surrender without our world becoming completely enslaved to the Demon King.

On a more optimistic note, we might be able to come up with something to fight them if we stall hard enough.

There wasn't really any strategic value in just giving up.

"I see… That's unfortunate. I was hoping to just take it easy… But I guess we'll have to fight, huh?"

She sighed and stood up, while grabbing a towel to quickly cover herself.

"...You're really not going to attack us now?"

I asked, as we watched her leave.

"I told you. I'm on vacation."

What a weird goddess.

Almost as weird as a certain blue-haired goddess.

Once she left, Mitsurugi let out a deep exhale.

"Hahhh… That was way too close."

First, the One-Shot Bear attack, and now, an encounter with Wolbach.

Really, when is my good luck going to activate now?

When we headed back to the room, the other guys were in a foul mood.

"Sniff… The only thing we saw were a bunch of naked grannies…"

"I mean, one of them looked pretty hot for her age."

"Ahhh! What a waste!"

Not knowing that a dangerous individual was in these grounds, they were all saying such stupid things.

I wished that my biggest worries just had to do with failing to peep on some girls.

Well, I guess there's no point in being bitter about it.

We had a big feast before we went to bed.

We'd head back home the next morning due to the bear attack, and the ryokan would also be closed as a precaution. I already relayed a message to Sena, and the government was already acting to scour the area, to see if there were more monsters.

The next morning, no matter how much I looked, Wolbach was also nowhere to be found.

I didn't have to wait long until her next appearance, though.

About two hours later, I received a text from Sena.

A military base had been attacked by an explosion.

Since this was a favorite tactic of Wolbach's back when I was her puppet, I already knew it was her.

And not only that…

But a second explosion occurred on another military base, at the same time.

I was willing to bet that was Wiz.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, kinggamerlite29, Krosus987 and 172 others
BoringBone
Jul 21, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 61: An Opening For This Fake Mall!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Aug 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,498
A/N: Demon King Class Chapter 3 is out on Patreon!


Chapter 61: An Opening For This Fake Mall!

Part 1

As expected, the culprits behind the explosions were nowhere to be found, even after a search team was sent to scan the surrounding area.

"...There were casualties, but Aqua-san used the [Resurrection] spell on them. If it wasn't for her…"

Sena reported this to me, once I got home from the cancelled training camp.

What a disaster.

Wiz and Wolbach could destroy every military base in the country, without getting caught.

In fact, if Wiz had no morals, they could also start exploding the areas with dungeon doors in them, preventing app-users from entering and leaving the dungeon.

This would not only terrorize the app-users, it would also limit their means to gather EXP.

But of course, Wiz would never target civilian areas, and Wolbach would never want to anger Wiz by going behind her back to do so.

"See?! I told you that evil Lich was up to no good! I told you from the very moment I saw her!"

Aqua said, although there was a noticeable lack of conviction there.

She'd never admit it, but she also saw Wiz as a friend.

We were all in the living room, gathering after we received the news.

Along with getting the report from Sena, I also told her about the One-Shot Bear attack, although she already heard about it from the news she received.

"...Onii-sama, things are getting serious. I suggest that we take a more active approach in preparing for this war."

Iris said, making us all look at her in concern, seeing the usually cheerful Iris speak in such a professional, battle-hardened manner.

I didn't want to have her involved in this, as much as possible, but since we were up against Wiz, there wasn't really much of a choice.

I nodded to Iris and said,

"What do you suggest?"

She was younger than all of us, but she had way more real battle experience than any of us combined.

"Wouldn't it be a good idea to hide the military forces in the dungeon? After all, onii-sama already figured out a way to allow non-users to enter it."

"...You have a point there."

The military was too vulnerable otherwise. We had no means to detect when the next attack was coming. They'd be safer in the dungeon.

And if they were in the dungeon, they could be more easily deployed through the use of the dungeon doors.

Darkness rubbed her chin thoughtfully.

"...If the military is safe, then the enemy will have to change targets… But who will they attack next?"

Megumin raised a finger.

"I got an idea. How about we use the other app-users as bait?"

We all stared at her. She frowned at all of the attention.

"...What's with all the stares?"

"Megumin, this isn't the first time I had this thought, but… You're a bit of a sociopath, aren't you?"

Chris said, making Megumin gasp at the accusation.

"Hah?! I just made a suggestion! What about that makes me a sociopath?! I only said that we should take those app-users who are liabilities anyway, and use them as bait!"

That did sound rather sociopathic.

"Megumin… I knew it was bad, but do you really have no regard for your fellow human beings?"

Yunyun looked at her best friend as if she was seeing her for the first time.

"I'm not saying to sacrifice them! Think of it like this! We have them gather in a base, then put in some dungeon doors inside so they can escape! The high-level app-users should be able to survive long enough to do that!"

Now that she explained it like that, we all nodded.

"...I guess Megumin really does have high Intelligence…."

Megumin glared at Mitsurugi, the one who commented that.

"You know, Kyouya… I know I told you to be more casual with me, but you're really taking advantage of our closeness to be an asshole to me, huh?!"

"...I'm not trying to be mean!"

"You sounded exactly like Kazuma! There's already one jerk in our group, don't copy him!"

"I'm not!"

Since we had all been living in this mansion for a while now, everyone had gotten to the point of regularly bickering like this.

Which was rather counterproductive in such an intense situation.

"OK, let's start the preparation now. Sena, how is the mall doing?"

"..."

They all stared at me when I said this.

Rin gave me a blank look.

"Senpai… Is this really the time to be worried about your mall project?"

She looked so disappointed.

"It's a source of Dungeon Points! More Dungeon Points means expanded capabilities! Since our plans rely so much on the dungeon, raising our DP sources is a priority!"

The sooner that mall gets set up, and the more customers it gets, the more DP I will have to spend.

"Ah… That makes sense. Sorry for doubting you, senpai."

"As long as you understand. Ah, Aqua, Aika-chan, how about we go to vegas and start gambling?"

"Oi?!!"

In a rare moment, Rin raised her voice at me.

"Senpai, aren't you just fooling around?!"

"...I'm not! Geez, have some more trust in me!"

Aika-chan jumped up from her seat excitedly.

"Can we go to the buffet, too?!"

She wasn't exactly helping my case here.

"...Hey, Kazuma, how come I have to go to the dungeon everyday, practicing my martial skills as I train my body… Meanwhile, your idea of getting stronger is to run a mall and gamble?"

Darkness said, giving me quite the demonic look right now.

Aqua also started glaring at me.

"You know what, you have a point. Isn't this guy just slacking off?!"

Even Yunyun was giving me a doubtful look.

"C-Come to think of it… Kazuma-san also has clones that study and do tasks for him…"

"...They're on a break right now!"

"So even your clones are slacking off, Kazuma-kun…?"

Chris, meanwhile, just seemed like she wanted to add fuel to the fire. She was giving a cheeky grin as she watched the others all ganging up on me.

Instead of facing their scrutiny, I teleported away.

Part 2

After raising my Luck by 10 points at the casino, I worked on unlocking those Arch-Wizard skills next.

First of all, there was the [Mage Rank-Up] skill that allowed one to increase Advanced magic past Rank 5.

This came with the class, so I didn't need to try to unlock it.

[Mage Rank-Up] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

All magic related skills have their max Skill Rank increase to Rank 6. However, the skill points required to level those skills increases by 2 skill points.

As for how to unlock the other skills, I just asked the crystal ball again to give me shortcuts.

Although to be honest, most of the exclusive skills could be unlocked just by casting spells.

For example, with [Advanced Magic Increase], I just needed to use [Bottomless Swamp] while using [Charge Spell].

[Advanced Magic Increase] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Increase the power or effectiveness of an Advanced Magic-type spell by +1.

This was probably the type of spell that Megumin loved dumping her points into, as there was probably an explosion version for this spell.

Just to test it out, I cast a charged explosion in the training grounds I made for myself in the dungeon.

Once I reabsorbed mana to prevent myself from collapsing, I looked at the app.

[Detonation Magic Increase] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Increase the power or effectiveness of a Detonation magic spell by +1.

As I thought.

And since this was a mage skill, it could be further ranked up using [Mage Rank-Up].

Now I knew how Megumin was able to use up all those skill points.

That explosion addict…

Next, the crystal ball advised me to use my lowest mana cost spell.

I ended up just using tinder to create the smallest flame I could muster.

That was enough to unlock [Spell Efficiency].

[Spell Efficiency] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Decrease all mana cost of spells by 1 (minimum 1).

Most, if not all of these skills, were passive skills, huh?

They were pretty straightforward, too.

I suppose the main feature of the class is to support the use of Advanced Magic.

[Speed Casting], [Arcane Recovery], [Arcane Learning], [Elemental Proficiency] and [Signature Spell] were pretty straight forward, too.

With the last two, I didn't even have to unlock them. I just had to choose an elemental proficiency and a signature spell.

For the element, I chose ice and for my signature spell, I chose [Freeze].

This was all to compliment my ice arrows.

[Elemental Proficiency] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

When you are using spells of this element, the power of the spell increases by +1 (Ice Magic).

[Signature Spell] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

When you are using your signature spell, add +1 power and effectiveness to the spell. You will also need 1 less mana to cast the spell, with a minimum cost of 1. [Freeze] is your signature spell.

There were now more easy ways to increase the damage of my ice arrows.

As for the other skills…

[Mana Restoration] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Increase mana recovery by x0.5.

[Arcane Recovery] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Half of your full mana is automatically recovered after ten minutes of resting. This can only be used once a day.

[Arcane Learning] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

The speed at which you learn spells is doubled. When someone teaches you how to cast the spell, your learning rate will further increase by x0.5.

And that was all the Arch-Wizard exclusive skills.

With all of the passive golem EXP earning, I was now at level 85.

I also had 25 skill points to spend.

Instead of spending it all on Luck, I decided to put it on [Smithing].

I did so after putting [Smithing Rank-Up] up to Rank 5.

[Smithing Rank-Up] Skill Rank: 5, Passive Skill

All Smithing related skills have their max Skill Rank increase to Rank 10. However, the skill points required to level those skills increases by 2 skill points, with an additional +1 per Rank-Up.

Out of all my skills, I felt like [Smithing] had the highest potential.

And so, I spent 14 total skill points to get [Smithing] all the way up to Rank 10.

[Smithing] Skill Rank: 10 (MAX), Active Skill (X mp)

You are proficient in creating and repairing items! The success rate of this skill is determined by your 'Creativity' (133). At Rank 10, you can create, combine and repair items of the 'Artifact' variety, although doing so will cost 100 mp to start 1 day of work, and 1 week of total work to finish the project. You cannot combine items of 'Artifact' variety.

Just like I thought…

This skill is insane!

Artifact level items were on the same plane as cheat items.

The fact that I could make them now…

Although there was the steep mana cost and the prep time.

By the way, the previous ranks actually decreased this cost and time.

At Rank 8, which was when Artifacts were unlocked, it costs 150 mana and 3 weeks of total work to make an artifact.

So Rank 10 actually massively decreased those costs.

Still, even legendary items could be made instantaneously…

Artifact-level items must be extremely powerful.

Now all I had to do was get materials for one…

I asked the crystal ball.

"Where can I get materials for an Artifact?"

It would have to be in the divine realm, where they are created, or you could use an Artifact and disassemble it for materials.

So it was either ask Eris-sama for a favor, or use a cheat-item as material.

…To be honest, I didn't want to try my luck with Eris-sama.

I was already on thin-ice in heaven after the stunt I pulled during the Winter Shogun fight.

I didn't want to risk it.

There was also the Chris incident. Considering that Eris-sama even sent a vision to Darkness, I imagined that she wouldn't want to do me any favors right now.

If only Chris could convince her to forgive me!

Instead, I set my eyes on the other option.

That is, to use an existing cheat-item.

I was also interested in the Dark Stalker class.

And in order to unlock that, I'd need to go on 5 thief raids.

Perhaps I could try to convince Chris to go with me, but she'd also just try to confiscate the cheat-item.

Whereas I'd want to keep it.

But going on a solo-raid might be too risky.

These cheat-item users were very powerful, after all.

And there might be some kind of artifact with a niche, incredibly situational ability that would completely counter me.

Like an enemy Stand with a needlessly complicated ability, made only to counter the main character's Stand.

So that might be a huge risk.

And at this point in time, with Wiz making her move, I couldn't afford to take risks.

She had her own divine laptop now.

"...Wait a second, the laptop is an artifact, too, isn't it?"

When I turned to the Crystal Ball, it said,

Yeah, but why would you want to deconstruct it into something else? It already works perfectly fine. It also can't be upgraded unless you have another artifact you can use for crafting.

That was true, but…

I thought back to my encounter with Wolbach.

We were completely caught off guard without our phones.

To think that we'd be so powerless without our phones.

An old person would say 'kids these days can't do anything without their gizmos!'.

I thought about ways to work around this, including hooking up the app to an Apple watch or even those Meta AI Glasses as a backup, perhaps experiment with bluetooth earpieces, too.

But that was just the app, what if I could communicate with the Divine Laptop directly?

That would be insanely powerful.

And not just with a device like a digital watch, but…

What if I could use the Divine Laptop directly with my mind?

After all, there were Brain Computer Interfaces that could already read brain activity with a computer.

If I could use the Rank 10 [Smithing] to transform the Divine Laptop into a device that could function like that…

Just to make sure, I asked the Crystal Ball.

"Is that possible?"

…How do you even think of these things? Well, yeah.

And so, I went to work on my project.

Part 3

A mall appearing out of nowhere might be considered strange.

But with enough advertising and promotion, people came to the grand opening of Kazumall, regardless.

The citizens of Norse had all taken their place as employees.

I watched them work through the monitor, as I worked on the Divine Laptop project.

Now, of course it didn't make money like an ordinary mall would, through renting spaces for stores and businesses.

Instead, I owned every store myself, so all of the profits went to me.

And here's the kicker.

"[Smithing]!"

With the Rank 10 [Smithing] skill, I could take a batch of raw items and create something new out of it.

High-end luxuries, electronics and furniture were crafted in a manner of seconds.

I could even create the most expensive goods by myself, which meant that I gained profit without incurring any costs.

Electricity was also provided by runes, and the plumbing was taken care of by the use of runes and the dungeon AI.

So utility was also taken out of the costs.

The government takes care of all the other costs I didn't want to cover.

I only had to pay for miscellaneous restocking of goods, but I didn't even have to use my own money for that, I just had to use some of the revenue to pay for it.

In this way, I was projected to make 500 million Yen a month.

This figure could have been higher if I let branded stores open in the mall, but I didn't want to risk doing that.

Because they would hire their own employees and do inspections that would expose the secret nature of the mall.

So I just opened generic brands and fake local businesses.

The concept of the mall was to 'focus on small business owners'.

The sentiment might be well-received by the locals, but the lack of well-known outlets like Bape, Gucci or even food and drink places like MOS Burger and Starbucks meant that the revenue wouldn't compare to traditional malls, at least at the start.

Still, 500 million Yen a month is no joke.

And, again, most malls don't even make their money in this way. I was earning the profits of every outlet, store and even vending machines in this mall.

Money aside, there was also the matter of Dungeon Points.

The mall gets about 8,000 people coming to it daily. On opening day, it had 13,000.

That's nowhere near the biggest malls, with about 200,000 people visiting every day.

But still, for an unknown, local mall, this wasn't bad.

There were way more visitors than the main dungeon gets, that's for sure.

Now, since none of them were App-users, nor were they fighting monsters or doing anything that would generate a lot of power, each individual didn't produce a lot of DP by themselves.

The typical person would yield about 1 DP each.

That meant that I'd get 8,000 DP everyday, though.

Just a reminder, even with the increased costs, a Coronatite core costs around 1,000 DP.

With that said, there's a limited amount since the dungeon didn't just endlessly produce them.

They were teleported to the dungeon from the other world.

But still…

I ended up buying as many Coronatite cores as I could, until the system told me that I reached my limit.

After a week of the mall's operation, I now had 30 Coronatite cores in total.

As for why I needed this much power…

I created the biggest golem farm possible.

Hundreds of golems, all lined up to fall down a deep, horrific pit.

Then, I closed the mall for a day citing 'maintenance' issues.

And warned Norse ahead of time and Vanir ahead of time.

That was because I knew a power shut-down was coming.

With one command, all the golems fell into the trap.

You gained 15 levels!

You have now reached level 100!

Level 100 is the maximum level. You cannot increase the level gap unless you unlock a legendary class!

A legendary class…

This probably refers to something like the Hero class.

I reached level 100… The maximum level.

Even though Mitsurugi told me that it was nearly impossible to gain EXP once one hits level 90, since the progression halts to a near stop.

The highest the most powerful app-users reach is around level 93.

But now, I was level 100.

I chuckled a bit at the realization.

I couldn't have imagined that I'd reach these heights, back when I was level 1, fighting goblins in the dungeon with an iron sword.

Still, I couldn't really feel good about it. The stirrings of pride in my chest gave way to a gnawing anxiety.

That was because all this power I was getting, I was about to use it to fight Wiz.

It was much easier when I could just say that every enemy was evil.

But the next two generals included Wolbach, a precious person for Megumin, and Wiz, a precious person to me.

So rather than celebrate this momentous achievement, I just sat back in my chair, going into a distracted trance.

After thirty minutes of that, I decided to get back to work.

I now had 73 skill points to spend.

I opened the app and noticed that I missed a notification after the level up message.

You receive the title, [Max-Level Player] from reaching the maximum level!

[Max-Level Player]

When you are level 100, you can switch classes once per hour, instead of per level up.

In order to compensate for the lack of ways to switch classes, now that the level is maxed, this title was given to me.

Since I was still an Arch-Wizard, I went ahead and used my skill-points to level up [Teleport] to max-rank.

It was my most useful utility spell. It was a priority after I got [Mage Rank-Up].

I also put that skill to Rank 5, to allow me to get every mage skill to Rank 10, if I wanted.

[Mage Rank-Up] Skill Rank: 5, Passive Skill

All magic related skills have their max Skill Rank increase to Rank 10. However, the skill points required to level those skills increases by 2 at Rank 6, with an additional +1 per each Rank-Up.

[Teleport] Skill Rank: 10 (MAX), Active Skill (10 mp)

Instantly teleports up to 8 targets to a marked location (4 marks total). You can teleport a target to an unmarked, random location if it is an inanimate object. If the target is a creature, they must be willing to teleport, otherwise, they will need to pass a 'Willpower' or 'Magic Power' check with advantage. If their 'Willpower' or 'Magic Power' surpasses yours by 20 points or more, the effects of the forced teleport will bounce back to you.

It was a significant upgrade.

It reduced MP cost by 10, raised the total marks by 1 and increased the amount of targets one could teleport.

The MP reduction would have already been a game changer.

…It was expensive as hell to upgrade, though. I was already down to 55 skill points.

As for the next useful magic skills to focus on, there was [Create Golem] and [Divination].

[Create Golem] Skill Rank: 10 (MAX), Active Skill (X mp)

Summon an 'Earth Golem' of the 'Common', 'Uncommon', 'Rare', 'Very Rare', 'Super Rare', 'Ultra Rare' or 'Legendary' variety. This golem will obey all your commands to the best of its abilities. The mana cost starts from 5 with the 'Common' variety and goes up by 10 for each grade above it.

You can have as many common earth golems active at the same time, but you can only have 7 Uncommon, 6 Rare, 5 Very Rare, 3 Super Rare, 2 Ultra Rare and 1 Legendary golems active at once.

Ultra Rare Earth Golem:

Armor (Dirt Body): +24 Physical Reduction, +15 Magic Resistance

Size: Huge

Health Points: 320/320

Mana Points: 25/25

Stamina Points: None Required

EXP Yield: 1,000

Actions:

Smack: +25 Bludgeoning (90% accuracy, +7 Bonus damage)

Double Attack: The golem uses the smack attack twice in quick succession (5 mp cost). The second attack is made with 50% of its accuracy.

Triple Attack: The golem uses the smack attack thrice in quick succession (10 mp cost). The second attack is made with 50% of its accuracy, and the third attack is made with 25% of its accuracy.

Curl: +10 Physical Reduction (movement speed reduced by 25%, can only attack once)

Legendary Earth Golem:

Armor (Dirt Body): +28 Physical Reduction, +20 Magic Resistance

Size: Giant

Health Points: 640/640

Mana Points: 30/30

Stamina Points: None Required

EXP Yield: 2,000

Actions:

Smack: +30 Bludgeoning (100% accuracy, +8 Bonus damage)

Double Attack: The golem uses the smack attack twice in quick succession (5 mp cost). The second attack is made with 50% of its accuracy.

Triple Attack: The golem uses the smack attack thrice in quick succession (10 mp cost). The second attack is made with 50% of its accuracy, and the third attack is made with 25% of its accuracy.

Curl: +11 Physical Reduction (movement speed reduced by 25%, can only attack once)

Two new golem rarities, 'Ultra Rare' and 'Legendary', were made available with Rank 10.

Along with that, the mana cost was reduced, and I could now make more golems for each rarity.

This was another big upgrade.

This meant that I could upgrade Aika-chan and Mary's bodies with Legendary and Ultra-Rare versions.

Then, for my clones, I could make 1 Ultra Rare clone and have the rest be Super Rare clones.

That meant that my clones now had enough mana to use more skills.

Although they still didn't share my stats.

Still, it was a big upgrade overall.

I mean, just having Aika-chan in a legendary golem body with 640 HP…

What a scary thought.

The next skill to upgrade was [Divination].

[Divination] Skill Rank: 10 (MAX), Active Skill (50 mp)

You no longer need to pay an offering when using the crystal ball to use its basic divination ability or to ask it a question about other worlds. You may ask the crystal ball a question. It will then answer the question with the information available to it, either verbally or with a vivid picture, according to your choice.

You now have a chance to circumvent anti-divination defenses, however, your Magic Power (90) will contest against the target's.

Aside from the mana cost decrease, and being able to ask questions about other worlds without needing to pay or expend mana, there was now the chance of getting past anti-divination.

Not like I thought that I could surpass Wiz's magic power.

Still, it might prove useful against other targets.

My next priority was another bread and butter magic skill, [Drain Touch].

It was one of my most important skills, to be honest.

[Drain Touch] Skill Rank: 10 (MAX), Active Skill

After making contact with the target, you can absorb 20 Health Points, 20 Mana Points and 20 Stamina Points per second that you stay in contact with the target. You can also distribute Health Points, Mana Points and Stamina Points to other targets.

…What a huge power spike.

I could pretty much one-shot most low-level monsters just by touching them.

The fact that I knew Wiz had this skill as well frightened me.

Not to mention all the other Lich skills she knew.

With the rest of the 14 skill points, I decided to put them in skills that would increase the firepower of my archery.

It was the only means I had to even try and do significant damage against a Lich.

It wasn't like I had high holy magic.

[Lurk] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (5 mp cost)

You can hide your presence from enemies. Your 'Cunning' score (149) will compete against the enemy's 'Intuition' score to determine if the enemy creature detects you. Enemies will have a disadvantage when trying to spot you. You deal an additional +4 damage when you are hidden.

[Bow] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

You are proficient in using bows! You gain 50% weapon accuracy when using bows. You also gain +4 damage when using bows.

[Headshot] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

When you deal a headshot, increase the damage dealt by +10.

They weren't exciting upgrades like before, but just leaving those skills increased my damage output by +18.

That will all multiply even more when I land crits.

With my last skill point, I decided to put it in [Versatile Entertainer], only just to gain an additional Evasion point.

Considering how much firepower Wiz had, I might need that, even if it's only one point.

[Versatile Entertainer] Skill Rank: 4, Passive Skill

You are adept in mimicking the voice of someone you know. If you are mimicking the voice of someone you don't know, you must spend at least 3 minutes observing their speech patterns and mannerisms. Useful for making celebrity impressions. You become proficient with acrobatic moves, the success of which is determined by your Dexterity (123). You gain +2 Evasion chance due to your acrobatic skill.

And just like that, I was all out of Skill Points.

Part 4

During the weekend, I decided to take a break.

With the military moving into my dungeon now, the attacks from Wolbach and Wiz had stopped.

Like predicted, they didn't switch their targets to the citizenry.

Not even to civilian infrastructure.

And so, there was some room for me to take a break.

It wouldn't do to focus single-mindedly on the grind.

Sometimes rest is needed.

Lia invited me to an Axel Hearts show over the summer, so I decided to come along.

She gave me backstage access, meaning I could meet the rest of Axel Hearts.

"Hoh, it's nice to finally meet you, Kazuma-kun! Lia told us a lot about you!"

Erika energetically greeted me. Along with her idol costume, her pink-hair was tied up into twintails.

"N-Nice to meet you…"

With a more subdued tone, the shy Cielo greeted me as well.

She awkwardly twirled with her blonde hair while glancing down.

"How much has Lia actually told you about me?"
I asked curiously.

"That you're a perverted super fan who pretended not to know who she was, and was getting a thrill from slowly getting closer with your favorite idol, like you're living in some kind of ecchi romcom manga?"

I gave a blank stare to Lia, who averted her eyes.

"Ah, did I say that…?"

She was shittalking me behind my back, huh?!

And not only that, but to the other Axel Hearts girls!

"Ahem… Please understand that I am a gentleman."

They all stared at me like I just said the biggest lie ever.

"If you say so…"

After our introductions, Erika and Cielo gave Lia and I some private time to chat.

"You really went ahead and said all those things, huh?!"

I said, once we were alone in a conference room.

"Well, they asked me about you, so I just told them the truth."

"That's the truth in your eyes. I see."

"They know you're a good guy! Don't worry so much about it!"

She said, trying to convince me.

I couldn't really get mad since I did keep the fact I knew her idol side a secret for such a long time.

Changing the subject, she said,

"I'm glad you showed up for this concert. I heard that a potential sponsor from a new mall called Kazumall is gonna show up. We're all a bit nervous, so we could use your support."

That potential sponsor was me, though.

And even if they bombed the show, I'd still support them.

"Eh… Kazumall, huh?"

"Yeah. It kinda sounds like your name, doesn't it…?"

Her sharp intuition was kicking in.

"Fufu… Whoever named that mall has good taste."

"It's a bit tacky, in my opinion."

"What?!"

Suddenly, her chances of getting a sponsorship just plummeted.

After calming down from the insult, I wished her good luck, before watching her and the others perform from backstage.

Having an exclusive backstage access to an Axel Hearts concert…

What a treat.

My former NEET self would have wept tears of joy.

"...! Sir, do you need a napkin?"

A staff member saw me crying and said this.

I actually did end up crying tears of joy.

When the concert ended, I was invited to an after-party.

The agency booked a yakiniku restaurant. Staff members and the Axel Hearts girls all went to celebrate the big accomplishment.

I just sent a huge check through Kazumall, so they were all ecstatic.

"Cheers for our sponsor!"

"...He never revealed his identity."

"A mysterious sponsor… How cool!"

I drank in the praise of the staff members.

Erika pouted while she drank her iced tea.

"He should have at least said hi! I mean, he sent us all that money and didn't even reveal himself?"

"Y-Yeah, that is a bit odd…"

Cielo agreed, nodding along with Erika.

"Perhaps he just wanted to support you girls from the shadows…"

I said, while putting on a mysterious tone.

"I guess… But I wanted to give him some fan-service at least~!"

"I'm the sponsor."

All eyes turned on me when I made this announcement.

'Fan-service' from Erika, huh?

Of course, I couldn't resist that.

However, all I got was Lia looking at my glass in concern.

"Kazuma, did you accidentally drink beer? Excuse me, can we get some water here?"

She thought I was drunk.

How insulting.

"Is this how you treat your sponsor?!"

"Here, drink up."

She completely ignored me and gave me a glass of cold water to drink.

Once we all finished eating dinner, the manager offered to call a taxi for me. Erika and Cielo were also going to be taken home with taxis.

But Lia wanted to go home by herself, so I offered to walk home with her.

"You wanna show off your gentlemanly side to Erika and Cielo, huh?"

Lia said, when we went outside of the restaurant and started to walk.

"There's nothing to show off. Gentlemanliness is my default state."

"Oh, really? I thought for sure that it was impulsive lying."

"And what's yours? I know, it's to blatantly defame your friends!"

"You call it defamation, I regard it as stating the facts."

"So you think that whatever you say should be accepted as an immediate fact, huh? Showbusiness has really eroded your character…"

"And you never had any character to begin with."

She grinned, as if she already claimed victory.

I was about to respond when she hooked her arm around mine.

"Thanks for showing up. I know it's weird to say, but I could feel your support. Just having you backstage helps a lot."

She defused the argument just like that, with a touch of sweet sincerity.

"I'll show up to every show from now on, as long as I get a backstage pass."

"...You didn't go into our locker room and steal any underwear, did you?"

"Why would I do that?"

I could just use [Steal] if I wanted their panties.

We took the train, then I walked her home from there.

She gave me a hug at the doorstep before I teleported back home.

Part 5

Finally, it was done.

After a week of working, the modified Divine Laptop was completed.

The main body was functionally the same, but there was now an ear piece device that could read my brain and send commands to the divine laptop.

Rather than use hand gestures or voice commands to Aika-chan, I could now simply use my thoughts.

Of course, this also worked with the functionalities of the app.

I could now access my inventory just using my thoughts.

I made enough ear pieces for everyone.

Speaking of the others, I also led them to my dungeon and had them learn the [Create Trap] skill, if they hadn't already.

Then I had them use the new golem trap to reach level 100 as well.

It was another closed day for the mall with all the shutdowns.

"...This feels like cheating, Kazuma."

Darkness said, when she looked at her app and saw all the levels she gained.

"It's not like we have a choice. There's no time for a shounen manga-style training arc. Wiz is abusing the system even harder than we are."

Even if we were all level 100, Wiz continually reseted her levels. There was no telling how many classes and skills she had unlocked right now, not to mention all the maxed-out stats she had.

She probably wasn't even merely an Arch-Wizard at this point, but a legitimate master of every class in existence.

"If anyone is cheating, it's Wiz!"

I waited after they all allocated their skill points.

Megumin was, of course, completely invested in Explosion magic, but she did spare some skill points into her Knight class.

Darkness focused mainly on Dexterity. With how many skill points she had, there was no reason why she couldn't get it as high as possible.

Thinking about a Darkness who could reliably land her attacks now… She sure has grown.

I did feel bad about giving her a shortcut when she was working hard.

But like I said, there wasn't any time to even think about that.

As for Rin, she was completely enamored with the Elemental Master class.

More specifically, she liked being able to summon the tanuki-spirit, Ponko.

"Now I can summon Ponko more now!"

…She did realize that she should be speccing her build on combat, right?

Well, after looking at her stats, there wasn't really anything I could complain about.

She was also a cheat-item user, so even if she just used that, she would be useful.

Once that was all handled, I went to my room to check up on Kazumall.

While I was receiving reports from the Norse citizens, there was a knock on the door.

"Come in."

Yunyun opened the door. She was wearing her pajamas and was hugging a pillow to herself.

"Kazuma-san, can I talk to you for a bit?"

I nodded and turned away from the monitor, giving her my full attention.

"What's the matter? Did Megumin make fun of your breast size again? You should know by now that she only does that out of petty jealousy over what she can never have."

"Ah, don't worry, I'm well aware of that."

I knew what she was really here for.

Of course, it was about the war.

It was understandable that she'd be anxious about everything.

"Like I told you before, Yunyun. You can always come to me, even if just to talk."

"You're so sweet, Kazuma-san…"

She sat beside me, then took a deep breath and said,

"K-Kazuma-san, I want to have your children!"

I stared at her for a moment, before saying,

"...Yunyun, you're lucky that I'm currently as mature as I am these days. If you had met me at an earlier point in my life, you would already be regretting saying that by now."

Indeed, if she had said that when I was more sexually frustrated, I wouldn't even hesitate to say 'Alright, then let's get to it. Ah, don't even think about backing out, I recorded you saying that. The court of law will side with me, so just be a good girl'.

I would have surely said something like that.

But now, I could respond in a calm manner.

Let's ignore the fact that her saying that made me pop a huge boner.

She blushed and waved her hands around.

"I-It's just a thought I had! Things will get even more dangerous from now on… We don't know what will happen in the future. I appreciate Kazuma-san for being gentle with me and going slow, but… I don't think we can afford to go slow anymore."

"...So where do children factor into all of this?"

Even with the other girls, we had been careful to use protection, whether it was with condoms or the use of pills.

Sena, being the responsible adult, made sure to keep up a steady supply in the household.

It wasn't just me who was using them. I often saw an embarrassed Mitsurugi sneaking into the supply room to hastily grab a handful of condom packets.

The only one to really bring up making children was Yunyun.

…Which is unexpected, considering it's Yunyun, and considering how slow we were taking things.

"Well… I know you, Kazuma-san. You may act like you don't care, and sometimes you even act like a coward, but… You're the only one who has died so far! Multiple times, if I may add!"

So that was what this was about.

Maybe there's something about seeing someone you care for almost die… Or just outright die and come back to life.

Aqua also got more assertive when she saw me die for the first time, to the Kobold Hero.

And now, even the shy Yunyun was making a move like this.

Maybe it awakened some kind of instinct? A very primal kind of force that compels one to want to leave children behind, with the one they love, before it's too late.

Before I was about to respond, I thought about it.

She was right. I was the one who tended to die the most.

It wasn't even an emotional conclusion, it was a straight fact.

Statistically, I was the one who was most likely to die.

And now that the others had caught up in levels with me, this was more true than ever.

They all had more Skill Points to spend due to higher Potential, meaning that in terms of Stats and Skills, I was still way behind everyone.

Not to mention having more optimized builds, while mine was all over the place.

So I could understand Yunyun's concern.

And being a man, all I had to do was do it a couple times with Yunyun, and my job was done.

So even if I died, I would have fulfilled my biological design.

It made sense. This was one of the many reasons why men were sent to war.

This was Yunyun's way of wanting to preserve my legacy, in the event that I died.

I could just lie to her and tell her that I could always be resurrected.

But that would be too cruel, since I knew the truth.

With how I came back from death last time, there was no guarantee that Eris-sama or her superiors would let me come back again.

This really might be our last chance.

"Alright. I got it."

"...Eh?"

Even though she was the one who suggested it, Yunyun was surprised.

I chuckled and said,

"What's the matter? Having second thoughts?"

"Well, no…! I just didn't expect Kazuma-san to agree so easily…"

"...I love you, Yunyun. And I do want to do this with you."

Call it rash. Call it irresponsible.

I mean, what the hell does a teenager know about love?

I did consider this before. I keep saying that I love these girls, but maybe it was just my undeveloped mind mistaking lust for love.

But like Rin said, before we even started dating, who cares?

We're all teenagers, practically just kids.

Kids who were expected to fight a multi-dimensional war.

With every traumatic thing we had to face, that we will face, another bout of insanity is just a drop in the bucket at this point.

"Let's do it, Yunyun."

To her crazy proposition, I gave an insane answer.

Part 6

We softly kissed, warming up to the act ahead.

My hands gently rubbed her shoulders as our lips locked, tongues tangling.

Yunyun had gotten used to this innocent act.

But what we were about to do was beyond anything she had done, so I went at a slow pace.

From kissing, my hands roamed her body. I felt those developed curves, tracing that addicting hourglass figure she had.

I could feel her embarrassment, the blush of her cheeks, the small squeals she made, but she didn't protest my touch, only encouraging them with those innocent doe eyes.

"Not wearing your contacts? Megumin's gonna be mad."

I teased her, separating a little to touch her cheek, thumb rubbing circles beneath the corner of her eye, idly wiping the little streaks of tears, evoked by passion, that had gathered there.

"A-All that Crimson Demon stuff is so embarrassing…!"

"You're a good friend, playing along like that."

I held the small of her back and lowered her into the bed.

Her glossy, black hair spread out into the pillow. I held one of her pig tails, feeling the healthy texture of her hair.

"Can I untie it?"

I asked, touching her ribbons.

When she nodded, I undid her pigtails and let her hair down.

I enjoyed the sight of Yunyun with her long hair freely down. I swept her bangs to the side, revealing those big eyes of hers, flashing signals of her trust in me, layered underneath a sheen of instinctive nervousness.

Holding her face, the other hand combing through her hair, I leaned down to kiss her again.

I kept playing with her hair, coaxing her into ease as my other hand went down to her top, unbuttoning it.

I went back up again, admiring the view of Yunyun with her top open, that flawless skin of hers contrasted by the pink bra she had.

"That's rather fancy."

I said, feeling the material of the bra.

"I-I got it from that store we went to last time…"

"You came back, huh? You should have invited me. You still go to the batting cages these days?'

"Yeah… I have the top score…"

"What a cheater… You're an app-user competing against ordinary folk, you know?"

"...Doesn't Kazuma-san face regular highschoolers in your soccer team?"

I smirked at her.

"My, my Yunyun… I'm glad to see you can snap back these days."

"W-Well… Considering how much everyone bickers, I think it's only natural I learned how to be a bit sharptongued…"

"You're talking as if we corrupted you."

"By the very definition of corruption, I'd say that's true. Kazuma-san is the main corruptor, though…"

I chuckled and slowly felt up her chest through the bra, feeling the shape of those mature breasts of hers.

"...You've influenced me a lot, too, Yunyun."

"I have?"

"Yeah. Can't you tell?"

"...I don't see Kazuma-san stuttering when he talks to people, or having to psyche himself up anytime he needs to join a conversation…"

"I don't mean that I adapted your flaws."

"M-My flaws?!"

She seemed offended by that.

"...I mean the positive sides of you affected me."

"Please elaborate."

She was very excited about that.

"Your courage, your loyalty. There's no way a scumbag like me, who started out with a Bravery of 40, would have gone this far without you, without everyone's influence."

And now I was even willing to die for everyone. It's strange, the concept of human connections.

Even the most selfish scumbag can develop a sense of loyalty, if he's around the right people.

"Well, I'm glad to have influenced you, Kazuma-san."

"And I'm glad I got you to come out of your shell, Yunyun. I couldn't even imagine that the shy girl who was constantly hiding behind Megumin would say something like 'Please give me children!'."

She blushed when I said this, averting her gaze from me.

"T-Then take responsibility for turning me this way."

"Yeah, I will. Don't worry."

And so, I continued.

I slipped her bottoms down, leaving her in just her underwear.

Then I took off my own clothes, before working on getting Yunyun naked.

"Ah, I can do that."

She started to say, but I moved my hands before she could, unhooking her bra.

I stared at her breasts popping out, perfectly firm, nipples taut from arousal.

"...It's like unwrapping a present."

"So guys like this kind of thing, huh?"

"You bet."

I immediately started groping them. I loved the way my hands easily sunk into the flesh, feeling that elasticity, the weight of them, the firmness of her nipples.

My thumbs hooked between the crevice of her breasts, separating them, feeling the pliant divide.

She moaned from my actions, especially as I played with her nipples. Once I had my fun, I went down to the only remaining piece of fabric, her panties. I slowly lowered them to her hips, then pulled them away from her ankles.

"...That's embarrassing…"

She said, as I went between her thighs, looking at her pussy.

"Get used to it. I'll be doing this a lot from now on."

They're always shy at first, until…

"Mnnn!"

…I started licking the entrance, working the tip of my tongue inside.

I let out a little chuckle when I soon felt her hands on my head.

Yeah, embarrassment goes out of the window when someone goes down on you for the first time.

Doesn't matter how shy you are.

Soon, she was moaning, reflexively pushing my head down. I was happy to push my head deeper, my tongue deeper, exploring her virgin insides.

I'm the kind of guy who could spend hours doing this to someone I loved, without even getting any pleasure in return.

But with a first-timer like Yunyun, it didn't take long until she was moaning, grasping my hair, and making my face wet with love juices.

"Ah, Yunyun gave me a facial… You're into that kinda thing, huh? Marking your territory…"

"...?! W-What…?!"

I was just teasing her, but maybe I hit the nail on the head?

I smirked as I showed my face to her, covered in her love juices.

"...You came all over my face."

"Ahhhh! I didn't mean to…!"

"It's fine. I like it. I'm yours, Yunyun."

The poor girl was red all over now.

"...T-Then I'll be relying on Kazuma-san to do that a lot from now on."

I knew it.

Of course, this Yunyun is a closet freak.

Well, it's not like wanting the guy you loved to service you like a queen was deviant behavior.

It was a normal desire.

One that I was happy to fill, whenever she wanted.

Ah, I'd also love for her to go down on me and treat me like a king.

That can come later, though.

Tonight was her night.

After cleaning my face, I finally shucked my boxers down.

She stared at my cock, which had also gotten a bit of an upgrade after all the improvements to my physical stats.

"You like it?"

"Um… Yeah…"

"Well, get familiar with Kazuma jr. You two will be well acquainted from now on."

She bowed to it.

"N-Nice to meet you."

She actually greeted it.

I went on top of her, going between her legs.

"You ready?"

I asked, looking into her eyes.

"Yeah…"

I carefully slid inside her, making sure to break her hymen cleanly, limiting the pain.

I held her as she let out a little gasp.

After a period of adjustment, I went to work.

She moaned as my stiff shaft massaged her virgin folds.

She was so tight and slick, but I held on, stifling the need to release right away as I focused on her pleasure.

This was difficult to do with her moans, the sight of her naked body, her scent, the emotion between us.

Each stroke felt like it would be the last, despite my efforts.

I hooked my arms around her shoulders, as she held me. I softly sucked on a nipple while moving, urging her pleasure along, trying to time ours together.

Each pump sent heat and pleasure coursing through me, making her even wetter, making her moan louder.

All innocence seemed to have disappeared from Yunyun. She clutched onto me, giving me sultry looks, her lips parted open, gasping and moaning from the overwhelming pleasure.

"You really want me to get you pregnant?"

I asked, pulling back when I felt like I couldn't hold on for much longer.

"...Make me pregnant, Kazuma-san."

I nodded and sped up, no longer holding back.

My hips crashed down, pumping my cock into her, pounding against her deepest parts.

When she started to shake, when she finally unravelled, I pressed as deep as I could go without breaking her.

Then I gave her what she wanted, pouring all my seed into her.

We stayed connected, holding each other.

After we caught our breaths, we smiled and kissed.

We didn't move from our position for a while, just kissing each other and chatting as the hours went by.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, kinggamerlite29, Dahaka1e and 160 others
BoringBone
Aug 4, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 62: A Bait For These Devils!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Aug 18, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,516
Chapter 62: A Bait For These Devils!

Part 1

Part of the whole deal with having multiple partners is that trust and honesty was essential.

And so, along with Yunyun, we announced to the others that Yunyun had asked for a baby, and I agreed to try and give her one.

Blood outright gushed out of Darkness's nose.

"Y-Yunyun and Kazuma are… babymaking?!"

Considering the stuff Darkness and I had already done together… Was that really so scandalous to her?

Aqua held up Zell in protest.

"You're making more babies when we already have children?! What a deadbeat!"

I grit my teeth as she shoved Zell against my face.

"Are we doing this repetitive routine again?! That walking karaage is not my kid! Drill that into your delusional head already!"

"D-Don't listen to him, Zell! Your papa has been drinking again!"

She said that, even though she drinks herself to sleep every night…!

I was distracted by Aqua that I didn't notice Megumin walking over to Yunyun.

"...This girl… You really made such a move behind our backs, huh?!"

"A-And why not?! I'm also Kazuma-san's lover, so I have a right to do such things!"

Chris, who was blushing at all of this talk, stood up to try and remove herself from the discussion.

"...Chris-san, where are you going?"

"Eep?!"

Chris, who was a junior member of the group, was held in place by Rin, who, aside from Aqua, was a senior member.

If Aqua was the 'matron' of the group, then Rin was her right-hand woman.

"U-Um… W-Well, this conversation has nothing to do with me, so…"

"It does. Every member has to attend the meeting."

What is this, a cult?

Well, considering the circumstances…

Others might see this as a cult.

I coughed into my hand, trying to calm everyone down.

"Alright, let's all take a deep breath here. No use in yelling…"

"You were the one yelling at Aqua, though?"

I resisted the urge to snap back at Megumin, who made that snide remark.

Darkness sighed and said,

"No, he's right. Let's discuss this in a rational fashion."

I nodded appreciatively at her, then said,

"OK. Who wants to get pregnant next?"

"I said rational!"

Darkness yelled at me when I made my declaration.

Megumin immediately put up her hand.

"Me! I'm next!"

Of course this one was gonna feel competitive.

Aqua shrugged and said,

"Like I said, I already have my hands full with all of our children."

"Who the hell asked you?"

I said to Aqua, who was rocking Zell in her arms as if he were a baby. He even had a little headband tied around his head.

Rin let out an uneasy chuckle.

"...This is the kind of conversation we should have after graduating high school, senpai. I think I'll leave this conversation for now."

Chris's head quickly snapped to Rin.

"So you get to leave whenever you want, huh?'

I gave a nod of understanding to Rin, then said,

"Alright, so it's just Megumin."

"...Wait, how come you didn't ask me?"

Darkness said, giving me a confused look.

"What? You sounded like you'd be against it. You even said, 'I said rational'!"

"I-I just said that because I was surprised! But I also want to…"

I stared at her, before saying,

"You know, Darkness, having a child just because the idea of it turns you on is the most disgusting thing you can do as a human being. Think about this clearly before you head down such a dangerous path…"

"I'm not doing this because of some fetish thing! I-I do want to have a baby with you!"

Everyone's eyes turned to her after such a bold statement. She blushed and shook her head.

"T-This is a judgement free zone!"

"OK, so it's Megumin, Darkness, and Chris…"

"What?! Why am I included?!"

Chris gawked at me as she was suddenly brought into the list.

"...Walking around with that slutty crop top that exposes your slim tummy… You want to get impregnated, don't you?!"

"What are you on about?!"

Oh, since Chris was always wearing such seductive little outfits and was always acting like a seductive female thief, waiting to be captured, I thought that she was trying to tell me that she wanted a baby.

It was an honest mistake by me.

I mean, any guy would make that mistake, right?

"W-Wait, Kazuma! I just remembered that Aika-chan was asking me about a little brother! Put me on the list, too!"

"...Alright, the list is settled. Yunyun, Megumin, Darkness and Chris."

"Kazuma, are you ignoring me?!"

"Why am I still on the list?! Hello?!"

After I had my bit of fun teasing them, I got the list sorted out.

…

…

My first visitor was Megumin.

As the one who volunteered first, she would naturally go first.

Now, normally I take charge with Megumin.

Especially since she loved me dominating her while she was exhausted from using explosion.

However, an instinct was awoken by Megumin.

"Take those clothes off!"

"Kyaa~?!"

I screamed out as Megumin brutally attacked me that night.

After tearing my clothes off, she went on top of me.

"Get me pregnant, Kazuma…!"

Of course, this girl who was normally so doting on her little sister, was hiding a powerful maternal instinct.

That is, the primal instinct to breed.

Once the word 'baby' had entered her brain she became quite the beast.

"Megumin… You're so energetic…"

I said, watching her petite body bouncing on top of me.

I moaned as her tight pussy gripped my cock, her hips a blur as she skillfully rode me.

Her contacts shining red, as she gave a confident grin, she put her hands on my chest and said,

"As if I'd let Yunyun win! Give me that baby! I better get pregnant before she does!"

"That's what this is about?!"

She slowed down and glanced away, blushing as she said,

"W-Well… I also want to have a baby…"

And here comes that tsundere side.

I grinned and switched positions, grabbing her waist and putting her down on the bed. I pinned her arms down as I looked down at her.

"You want one, huh? I'm not having a baby with you if this is just some petty thing you have going on with Yunyun."

"Yeah, I know."

"So, why do you want one with me?"

"...Because if you somehow die facing Wolbach, I wouldn't have any reason to live anymore. But if I have your baby, I'd have something to live for?"

I paused, not expecting such a dark answer.

"You still blame yourself for trusting Wolbach? Even after everything we talked about?"

She glanced away.

"I mean, Kazuma's still an asshole. Even after all we talked about you being nicer to us. Don't expect change so quickly!"

I groaned, unable to answer that. She went on,

"...I can pretend as if everything will be fine, but… I don't know what I'd do if you actually died… Permanently, this time."

"I can't bring a kid into this world for such a cynical purpose."

"Then, can you do it because I love you?"

I looked into her eyes and I could tell she was serious.

"...I can do it for that."

I kept going, thrusting inside her with a renewed purpose.

Her reason for doing this was a lot like Yunyun's.

They really were similar, huh?

"Kazuma… Mnn…!"

She held me, as I thrusted in that tight pussy of hers, gasping whenever she squeezed me even tighter.

Somehow, she felt better than before. Was this some kind of reaction?

Her body recognizing the need to produce an offspring… Something like that.

"I'm gonna cum, Megumin…"
"Yeah, make me pregnant…"

I nodded, then gave her the last few thrusts, before I was sent over the edge.

"Hnnnghk!"

I almost roared as I poured everything inside her womb.

As the last spurts left me, I kissed her then looked into her eyes again and said,

"...I'm naming the kid."

"No way. I already decided to name her in the Crimson Demon fashion."

"OK, you're taking a pill."

"D-Don't even joke about that…!!!"

I ended up going too far with the joke.

It seemed that Megumin made some calls to her home, as a result.

And so, I received a scary call from Yuiyui-san the next day.

"...I expect a minimum of three children. And don't even think about birth-control."

She said through the phone, the dangerous tone of her voice leaving no room for arguments.

"Yes, ma'am."

I could only agree as her daughter nodded at her mother's words beside me.

Part 2

"Kazuma-kun, come out now!"

Since the mother found out, it was only natural that the father would find out, too.

Since Hyoizaburo-san was still technically a civilian, he wasn't part of the military personnel who were sheltered away in the dungeon.

He was instead given a paid leave by the government.

And as such, he had enough time to come the next day, shortly after the call Yuiyui-san gave me, to come in front of the mansion, trying to push himself past the guards.

"...Tell him I'm not home today."

I told the guards, but Megumin said,

"He knows you're home. I told him."

"Why?!"

"...He's my dad. You expect his daughter to lie to him?"

Why is she deciding to be an exemplary daughter now?!

"I mean, he's going to find out eventually in 9 months or so."

I guess she had a point there.

I decided to pop my head out of the window, bringing out a white flag to wave.

"Hyoizaburo-san! I come in peace!"

"I'll kill you!"

He was completely irrational right now.

I went back inside and said,

"That's strange… Wasn't he the type of guy who seemed like he would sell his own daughter out for money?"

"Well, he's pretty well-off now, so money is no longer a priority. As for my mother, she just wants to see her grand-children soon."

I see. So their priorities shifted, but Yuiyui-san still wanted the same end result.

But Hyoizaburo-san was now at a point in his life where he'd get mad at any man that touched his daughters.

I stuck my head out of the window again.

"I'll take good care of her!"

"What the hell is a kid like you gonna do taking care of another kid!"

"...I'm older than her! I'm not some kid!"

"You think being two years older makes you so mature?! Give me a break! If you're so mature, then come down here and face me like a real man!"

I sighed, seeing that I didn't really have a choice.

With everything going on, I might as well try to resolve this soon.

I had the guards stand down as I came to the lawn to meet Hyoizaburo-san.

When I came to him, I bowed and said,

"Thank you for raising a wonderful daughter."

"...It was thanks to Megumin herself that she grew up to be so wonderful, why are you thanking me?!"

He was even going to get feisty about that?

"Please come in. It's hot out here."

"You calling me a hothead?"

Who wouldn't, with the way he was acting right now?

We led him into the mansion. I had to kick out Aqua, who was bumming around on the sofa as always.

She was about to complain, until she saw the irate Hyoizaburo-san.

"...I don't wanna be here for this."

She took out her beer and ran away before the guest could arrive.

He sniffed the air and said,

"I smell beer… Have you kids been drinking?!"

Well, I drank occasionally, but nowhere near to the extent Aqua did, and the room was drenched in the smell of alcohol right now.

"Our guardian, Sena, drinks a lot."

"...What an irresponsible adult."

I mentally apologized to Sena as I gestured for Hyoizaburo-san to sit on the couch.

Megumin and I sat across from him.

Once we were seated, he said,

"There's no way I'm gonna approve of this!"

He crossed his arms stubbornly. Megumin replied,

"...It's not your choice, though. I decided to do this. I just let you know because it's the right thing to do."

"The right thing to do is to listen to your parents!"

"Mom gave her permission, though?"

"Y-Your mother has just been blinded by the prospect of having grandchildren!"

"And don't you want to see your grandchildren, dad?"

"...W-Well, I do, but… You're both too young for that!"

I couldn't really fault him, since he did have a point.

Under any normal circumstance, he would be completely in the right.

I realized that with my superhuman 'Cunning' stat, I could just easily lie to him.

But I didn't want to do that to Hyoizaburo-san.

So, I decided to just tell him the truth.

Or at least, as much of the truth he could handle at this moment.

"Hyoizaburo-san, didn't you find it weird how I was able to give you a job in the military? Or how I was able to request things like helicopter parts, boat parts, even guns?"

"..."

He reflexively turned away.

"A-Ah, kids these days sure are resourceful… You even have contacts in the military… Is this a generation gap thing? Kind of like how kids these days know how to code and use computers?"

What the hell kind of generational gap leads to a kid being able to request for assault helicopter parts?

"Hyoizaburo-san, I know you don't want to involve yourself in classified material, but…"

"Gahhh! Don't tell me anything! Do you know how hard it was to keep my head down in that military base?! Don't tell me anything!"

"Your daughter is involved, though."

That got his attention.

It was admirable how he switched from a cowardly expression to a resolute one, whenever his family was involved.

"...F-Fine, go ahead and tell me."

He was still stuttering, though.

"Well, as you can imagine, I'm involved in the military. I understand you don't want to hear about classified material, so I'll keep it vague. It's very likely that I, in particular, may not survive in the upcoming months."

Megumin saw through me perfectly. I would sooner sacrifice myself than let her, or the others, come into any danger.

I realized that, as early as my first battle with Vanir, when I confronted him alone, just to protect everyone in the sleepover.

I was a scumbag, and a coward.

But just like Hyoizaburo-san, something in me awakens whenever those I cared for were in danger.

"...But why would a minor like you be involved in the military?"

"Well, that's classified."

"I see… So you're like a teenage super-soldier that comes to defend Japan from terrorist threats when we need it, huh? And my daughter fell in love with you due to your bravery…"

I was starting to see where Megumin's chuunibiyou tendencies came from.

It wasn't the whole truth, but this explanation was fine, for now, so we didn't correct him.
It was kind of true, anyway.

Megumin spoke next,

"So, as you can see, since Kazuma can die at any moment, I want to preserve his legacy while I can."

"..."

Hyoizaburo-san went quiet as he considered what we said.

Then he smiled and said,

"If you want to preserve his legacy, let's write an excellent obituary for Kazuma-kun. No need for babymaking, OK?"

I guess he wouldn't just conveniently accept this.

"W-We're not done here! I'll come back tomorrow!"

In the end, Hyoizaburo-san needed to be escorted out of the grounds by the guards.

Part 3

I don't know how else to explain this, but there is now a babymaking schedule.

And that night, it was Darkness's turn.

I went to Darkness's room after I sorted out some business with Kazumall.

Darkness was waiting for me in a pink nightgown.

"...I-I'll be in your care tonight."

I blinked, surprised to see her taking on such a formal tone.

"What's wrong? You're not going to ask me to spank you, or call you a whore?"

Those were the usual requests she'd make.

Although, I will say that Darkness's tastes were a lot more mild than she let on.

She was one of those kinky girls who seemed like complete degenerates, but was unexpectedly sweet when you actually became intimate with them.

Meanwhile, Megumin was the opposite.

When she requested me to do that play of forcefully taking her after she collapsed from using explosion, I almost thought that I was talking to Darkness, and not Megumin.

And so, to this Darkness who was lowering her head meekly to me, I said,

"...You sure you wanna do this and you weren't just swept along by the flow?"

"Do you really think I'm that easily influenced?!"

"Well, Megumin can be oddly influential, I find."

Aqua was the so-called 'matron' of this group and Rin was her second in command, but if we were to be honest, Megumin was also a pretty loud voice in the group.

Both figuratively and literally.

"...I do want to do this, but not for the same reasons as Yunyun or even Megumin…"

"So what are you doing this for?"

She glanced away and said,

"Well, my dad is getting up in years. I also got news that he's getting even weaker these days… I thought that I'd at least want him to see his grandchildren before… You know…"

"I see."

Even with the medicines I was looking to develop through dungeon materials, none of them could do anything to stop age related complications.

And Aqua's resurrection magic couldn't bring back those who died from sickness or age.

Darkness knew that, so this was her reason for wanting to have a baby with me.

"Sorry, you have to stay here and help us fight instead of being with your father."

I said, as I joined her bed and placed a comforting hand on top of hers.

"...You're getting good at that, Kazuma."

"At what?"

"Not being an asshole. Showing that you care."

"...You didn't have to say the first part. And I know the right time to be serious."

I locked my fingers with hers, then drew in for a kiss.

Parting from her lips, I kissed down her neck, to her collarbone, then kissed down to her breasts. She gave a faint moan before I felt her hands going to my shirt, tugging them up.

I let her pull my shirt over my head.

She stared at my body and said,

"Now you can't call me a musclehead anymore…"

"...You're talking as if you're not an athletic specimen, Darkness."

"D-Don't call me that!"

I held myself back from teasing her too much, since I knew that she was quite insecure about how 'built' her body was.

Although, I'd say that she didn't really have much to worry about. It wasn't like Darkness was a complete amazon. Her body was incredibly toned, but she looked great like that.

I worked on getting that nightgown off her, like she did with my shirt, before I got my pants down as well.

I got on top of her, giving her big breasts another trail of kisses, before taking a nipple in my mouth. She moaned as my tongue circled purposely around them, my hands going to her wet pussy. I slipped two fingers in, preparing her before I got myself in place between her legs, my cock pressed against her wet slit.

I went inside her welcoming pussy, the pleasure hitting the both of us, our instincts awakened by our mutual goal of making a baby. My body screamed with the desire to breed with Darkness, her womanly, fertile body increasing that urge even more, as my eyes and hands roamed her perfect curves.

More than lust, a bittersweet feeling swept over me. I imagined myself meeting Darkness's father, hopefully with a cure in hand, and a grandchild to show him.

Then there was the alternative, with her father dying before then, or Darkness and I dying before we could make that visit.

I also said I was the most likely to die, but it was easy to forget that Darkness was actually the closest to that possibility.

Not only was she the frontliner, but she also made it a point to soak in every bit of damage that might go our way.

Of course, her fetish had to do with it, but she also did it to protect us.

I imagined Darkness sacrificing herself to save me and the others.

I moved faster, more urgently. I cupped my hands around her face and kissed her as I pounded deeper inside her. She responded by moaning into my mouth, wrapping her hands around my head.

When I first went into the dungeon, I was just excited to finally have all of my otaku dreams coming true.

But now, with a bunch of people I wanted to protect, I just wanted this whole business with the Demon King to be over and done with.

I wanted to raise a family with Darkness, with everyone, and just enjoy a boring, safe life.

It's funny, once you get a taste of real life, once you make deep bonds, what was once mundane and ordinary to you becomes precious and irreplaceable.

The thrill of adventure, of becoming more powerful, even building a harem…

None of that really mattered to me now. I just wanted everyone to get out of this safe and alive.

Not just my core group. My family, Megumin's family, Darkness's family, Lia, Rorisa, even Dust…

It's cheesy as hell. It's unoriginal as hell, I know.

I sound like some generic Shounen Jump protagonist but…

I just want to protect everyone.

"Darkness, I love you…"

I whispered into her neck, as I moved even faster, even more passionately.

"I love you, too, Kazuma. Let's raise a big family, OK?"

"Yeah."

Words I thought I'd never say, that my former, NEET self would roll his eyes at.

"...Wow, just how cliche do you wanna be?"

I knew for a fact he'd say that if he saw me right now.

Such cynical posturing fades away when you feel genuine love for the first time.

I held Darkness tight as I came inside her.

She embraced me back, her hands only releasing their grip several minutes later, when we finally pulled away from each other.

Part 4

I thought that I would have trouble convincing the app-users to become 'bait' as Megumin eloquently put it.

However, it seemed that the encounter with Wolbach and Serena from last time was still fresh in their minds.

We received a surprising number of volunteers agreeing to stay in the base.

Although, perhaps the fact that the base was surrounded by a powerful barrier that was set up by Aqua, with the help of Yunyun and Megumin, who shared their mana, was also enough to reassure them that they would be safe…

…At least, safe enough to endure two or three explosions while they escaped through the dungeon door inside the complex.

"Do you really think Wiz and Wolbach will take this bait?"

Mitsurugi asked me, when he watched the base through the security monitor in my dungeon.

"Yeah, but once they discover that the app-users can just escape, they won't see any further strategic value in attacking it after the first time."

"...So what's the point of this base?"

"To pinpoint their location as they use explosion magic."

"Hah? Can you even do that?"

I nodded and pointed to the crystal ball.

"Divination magic can't directly tell me where Wiz and Wolbach will attack from, but now that it's at Rank 10, I can ask vague questions like, 'what are the coordinates of that last explosion attack?'."

"...I see."

It was much like submarine warfare.

That is, making use of the smallest fragment of information and ending the battle in one instant, with deadly firepower.

However, instead of sonar, we had divination magic, and instead of torpedoes and missiles, we had explosion magic.

Our experience riding a golem submarine in that kraken floor helped me come up with this idea.

I guess Vanir had a point about real combat experience mattering just as much as pure EXP.

I would have never had these kinds of ideas if I didn't grind in that dungeon, and face so many different monsters and environments.

Well, he probably saw this coming, that was why he made that suggestion long ago.

"So this plan relies on Megumin-chan, huh?"

Mitsurugi said, looking concerned.

"...Yeah. She'll have to outdo Wiz and her old master when it comes to a battle of speed."

Can Wiz or Wolbach teleport first, or can Megumin launch a retaliatory explosion faster?

Megumin placed all of her skill points on Explosion magic power, as well as casting speed.

I had no idea what Wiz and Wolbach's build would be like. But from what I did know about Teleport, at Rank 10, I didn't notice any upgrades to speed.

Megumin might be able to land a good hit on either of them. Preferably, the both of them, if they decide to attack together.

Although they had been attacking bases individually so far. I wouldn't count on them breaking that pattern.

The question is… Would she hesitate?

She didn't hesitate last time, but now I know just how much Wolbach means to Megumin.

Would she be able to pull the trigger once more?

"...A part of me doesn't want to rely on Megumin-chan for this."

Mitsurugi said, scratching his head.

He was really worried about Megumin.

"Um… Thanks for caring so much about her, Mitsurugi…"

"W-What's with you right now, Satou?!"

We backed away from each other, that instinctive male aversion to showing vulnerability to each other coming to play.

"I-I'm just saying! I'm grateful that you value Megumin so much to worry about her like this! What's so weird about that?!"

"...I-I'm not saying it's weird. She is a good friend…"

After a few moments, I said,

"I hate to rely on Megumin like this, but she's the only one who can do it."

I wouldn't be able to place a teleportation mark the instant Wolbach or Wiz showed up, and none of our magic users could even come close to Megumin's firing speed, much less firepower.

Megumin's skillset was practically built for this operation.

I looked at another monitor, which showed a room in the app-user base, where Megumin was waiting for Wolbach or Wiz to strike.

"Alright, I'm gonna move over there now, I'll rely on you to monitor us."

"Roger."

I took the crystal ball before teleporting over to Megumin's room.

"Yo."

"Ah, you're here."

I placed the crystal ball on a table and joined Megumin on the couch.

Since we didn't know when Wolbach and Wiz would strike, I made sure to make this room as comfortable as possible, with stocked fridges, a PC, a TV and video game consoles.

Megumin was watching some variety show and eating chips. A laptop was on the table in front of her, showing hidden camera footage of the surrounding area.

"Are you OK?"

"Yeah. Listen, I know how important this is. I'm not gonna choke. I was able to do it once… I can do it again."

She already knew what I was gonna say.

She looked at the crystal ball and said,

"Kazuma, have you tried asking that thing if any of us are gonna die after this?"

"..."

Of course, that did occur to me.

"No way. I don't think I can perform rationally if I knew something like that."

She chuckled as she leaned her head on my shoulder.

"It's Aqua's turn tonight, isn't it? Shouldn't you be with her?"

It was indeed Aqua's turn on the 'babymaking schedule'.

But we hadn't expected to get enough app-users to agree to this plan. Our schedule got pushed ahead.

It wasn't like I could stall the plans just because of the 'babymaking schedule'.

"...If worse comes to worse, Aqua already has Aika-chan."

"That's so morbid."

Well, it wasn't like we were even sure that a human could impregnate a goddess.

Of course, there were legends of gods and goddesses breeding with humans.

But the reality was that such a thing hadn't occurred yet. There was no way of knowing what would happen.

I couldn't really explain that to the others, though, so I just kept my mouth shut.

Part 5

An attack occurred two hours later.

It seemed like Wiz and Wolbach couldn't resist attacking an app-user base.

I pulled the alarm while quickly asking the crystal ball where the explosion came from.

The crystal ball then gave accurate coordinates to Megumin.

I watched as Megumin hurriedly chanted.

Then…

"Explosioooon…!"

Without hesitation, she launched the counterattack.

At Rank 10, the attack range of explosion increased dramatically, at 800 feet.

That was the same distance as about two city blocks.

I looked at the monitor and saw the patch of woods where Megumin exploded. Fire engulfed the trees as bright flames lit the dark night.

I then used my new divine item, the brain-scanning ear piece.

Commanding the divine laptop with my mind, I created a new dungeon door to the impact site. Megumin and I both stepped through, after I gave Megumin enough mana to walk with [Drain Touch].

In front of us, within the smoking crater, was Wolbach.

She looked hurt, her body filled with soot as she clutched her arm.

Even as a dark goddess, even with all the levels she gained and reset, Megumin's explosion magic was bound to severely harm anyone.

"[Tele…]!"

"[Skill Bind]!"

I countered her attempt to escape with a perfectly timed [Skill Bind].

"Tch… It was a trap after all…"

She muttered, opting to save her mana rather than have her spell be countered again. Instead, she watched our movements carefully.

I used my radio.

"Wolbach spotted, everyone, come out…!"

"Calling for reinforcements, huh? I can do that, too…!"

Shadows extended from her feet.

"[Skill Bind]!"

I tried to counter it, but nothing happened. This wasn't a skill, more like an inherent ability.

Out of her shadows, Arnes and Hoost came out.

"Hoh… Time for a rematch, huh…?"

"...I'll try not to be tricked by Kazuma again…"

Arnes said arrogantly, while Hoost seemed more sheepish.

These guys again…

Wolbach by herself was difficult enough.

Not wanting to be outnumbered, I sent another message with my mind, opening more dungeon doors behind me.

Quickly, Mitsurugi and the others all came out.

"Ahh… Why'd they have to attack in the middle of the night?! It was supposed to be my turn tonight, too! I'll massacre all you demons!"

Aqua yelled, as she quickly put on her goddess outfit from her inventory, after coming out in her pajamas. She also made her staff materialize.

"[Sacred Exorcism]!"

"...!!!" x 3.

The three devils all moved quickly to avoid the beam of light Aqua summoned, giving us some space as we all oriented ourselves.

"Are the other app-users safe?"

Mitsurugi asked, as he summoned his gear.

I nodded, making him sigh in relief.

I did think about making those app-users fight, but…

To be honest, they were way too disorganized and selfish.

Not to mention that a lot of them weren't willing to fight Wiz and Wolbach.

I couldn't really blame them, considering the danger.

That also made them unreliable, even with how powerful they were.
"So, what's our plan?"

Chris said, as she took out her special dagger, which shone brightly with the devils present.

"...Let's disrupt their formation. Darkness, I'm relying on you!"

Darkness, with her improved stats, was now a formidable Crusader.

She grinned, happy that I was relying on her.

"You got it! It's my job to create space, after all! And… I can finally use this…!"

Darkness, after equipping the Winter Shogun armor and wielding the Winter Shogun sword, charged at the enemies.

"This time, my attacks will land…!"

"[Inferno]!" x 2.

Both Arnes and Hoost tried to stop Darkness.

Chris and I glanced at each other and combined our efforts as well.

"[Skill Bind]!" x2.

We prevented them from activating their spells, letting Darkness have a clear path ahead.

However…

"[Random Teleport]!"

My stomach sank as Wolbach did something I didn't expect.

Everyone here had lesser Magic Power than Wolbach.

Meaning that she could use her max rank [Teleport] to 8 targets of her choosing.

"Papa…!!!"

Aika-chan yelled as she was randomly teleported to who knows where.

"Aika-chan…!"

And then, it was my turn.

My vision went black as I was pulled and blasted away in spacetime.

When I could finally see, the only thing I saw was water below me.

Then, I felt the first brain-tingling sensations of freefall.

"Gah…?!"

I didn't know where I was. All I knew was that the ocean was rapidly approaching, and I was in the air.

I created another dungeon door in front of me before I could drop.

If it weren't for the earpiece, I wouldn't have been able to do this in a matter of moments.

I went through the door and ended up back in the battlefield.

When I got back, I saw that only Megumin remained.

There were nine of us, meaning that one person had to be left behind.

…Wolbach intentionally left Megumin there, since she knew that she was already close to empty after using explosion magic.

"Kazuma! You're back!"

I could see the panicked expression on Megumin's face.

I gave her a small smile, before working on looking for the others.

"Aika-chan! Where are you and everyone else?!"

I said, trying to contact Aika-chan through the earpiece.

AI is temporarily offline. Please wait.

My body went cold. Something must have destroyed Aika-chan's golem body. Maybe she was teleported to a volcano and fell into lava, or ended up in the bottom of the ocean and was crushed by the water pressure.

She was going to come back online eventually, but…

Without her, I had no way to contact everyone else.

I glared at Wolbach.

This just became personal…!

I took out my bow and started shooting arrows at them.

"[Wind Wall]!"

Because of my wyvern bow, the arrows went through the wall of wind and pierced Hoost's body.

"Urk!"

He grunted in pain from the unexpected attack.

Arnes changed her strategy and summoned a wall of earth next time to deflect the arrows.

I guess my archery won't work now…

Unless I took them off guard…

But without a frontline, there was no way I could sneak around like I usually did.

"Kazuma, you can't find them?!"

Megumin said, when she saw me trying to contact Aika-chan.

"Not yet… And the fact that Yunyun and Rin hasn't teleported here yet is…"

Something must have happened to them, too.

For now, I summoned a dungeon door, touched the inside and restored my mana, along with Megumin's.

I could also just escape, but…

I don't want to lose this chance while we still have them!

There's no way they will fall for the same trap again.

This was our only chance!

Maybe I was also emotional from having everyone just up and disappear.

I guess I couldn't really think straight at the time.

Wolbach, knowing that she had the advantage, didn't try to escape again.

She sent Hoost and Arnes to attack us.

"[Inferno]!"

Arnes attacked from afar, while Hoost flew forward to try and crush us with his fists.

Megumin met Hoost's charge, while I used [Skill Bind] to prevent Arnes and Wolbach from trying to destroy us from afar with spells.

I was being forced into the defensive.

Meanwhile, Megumin was able to match Hoost, but she wasn't a true front-line fighter. I didn't expect her to last long.

Then, when all hope seemed lost…

"S-Sorry! I was unconscious for a bit…!"

Yunyun suddenly teleported beside us. She had a bit of blood running down her forehead, but otherwise, she seemed fine.

And then shortly after, came flying in, carried by her wind spirits, which looked like small clouds.

"Ah… That [Teleport] spell is really useful…! My teleportation mark was all the way back in the base, though!"

Yunyun was the veteran teleporter and had the presence of mind to instantly set a mark on this area, but Rin only just learned it after reaching level 100. That was something I needed her to keep in mind from now on.

But I was just glad that she was safe.

"Everyone's back…"

If only I had enough time to make earpieces for everyone to access the divine laptop.

The only ones who could come back were the spellcasters who learned [Teleport].

Still, this was a huge relief. At least I knew that Rin and Yunyun were fine.

And I could increase our fighting forces even further.

"[Summon Familiar]!"

Mary appeared in front of me. She was shivering, with ice forming on her skin.

"Finally! What took you so long?!"

"...Sorry. My head was a mess. I can think a bit clearer now, though."

Knowing that some of them were safe allowed me to think more rationally now.

With our fighting forces slowly returning, now it was their side that was outnumbered.

But that didn't last long.

The shadows of Hoost and Arnes also stretched out.

Then, from within their shadows, more devils emerged.

All of them had adamantite armor and weapons that looked magical.

"Arnes-sama, Hoost-sama… What are your commands…"

"Defeat those humans!"

"Right away!"

My [Lore Reading] told me that these were Greater Devils, not like the imps and such that I encountered in the dungeon, or the succubi in the shop.

Devils summoning devils, huh…?

Their abilities were just too broken!

Part 6

With Mitsurugi and Darkness missing, I had to fulfill the role of a frontliner.

Especially with Yunyun, Rin and Mary all needing frontline support.

So, I put on the adamantite full-plate armor and took out my trusty partner, Chunchunmaru.

"Let's go, partner…!"

"Y-Yes, let's go, Kazuma-san!"

…I didn't have the heart to tell poor Yunyun that I wasn't talking to her.

As I charged into the horde of devils, I tried a new skill combination.

"[Rune Warrior]! [Drain Touch]!"

Most attack skills required mana to use, so I had been avoiding them, as I needed to save my mana for my spells and other useful skills.

But with [Rune Warrior] and [Drain Touch], I could now apply the effects of [Drain Touch] with my weapon attacks.

Purple aura surrounded my body, and my eyes and hair turned the same color. Necrotic energies radiated from the blade of Chunchunmaru as I attacked.

"[Sonic Strike]! [Mighty Slash]! [Side Slash]!"

Using [Combo] along with my animation-cancelling technique, I disappeared in a blur of motion and dealt numerous strikes to the devils before me, all in one, uninterrupted motion.

Fighting like a true Swordsmaster, I demolished every enemy in my sight with my blade.

Heh, I'm so cool right now.

With my mana constantly refilling, I was able to spam these attacks endlessly, as I sapped the health, stamina and mana of the demons.

That said, this [Drain Touch] state will only last one minute.

So, I made the most of it.

"[Surpass Limits]!"

This was the skill that I was the most interested in with the Swordmaster class.

My physical stats doubled while my stamina and health was quickly drained, however, with me absorbing everything that was drained…

I unleashed several combos at once, which would have ordinarily made me pass out already.

"H-How did he kill off our devils so quickly?! They were no slouches!"

Arnes said, gasping as she watched all her summons fall so easily.

Fifty seconds left…

"[Sonic Strike]!"

I disappeared in a burst of speed and appeared before Arnes. Before she could react, I unleashed a combo of attack skills on her.

"Gahhh!"

Not used to fighting in melee range, all she could do was try to escape.

But as soon as she flew away…

"[Rune of Saber]!"

A large slash of devastating energy emerged from my blade towards Arnes.

"[Cursed Crystal Prison]!"

I thought that Arnes would try to freeze me, but…

She created a frozen barrier around herself just in time to block [Rune of Saber].

Then, she reappeared outside, likely using [Teleport] to escape.

"Hah!"

To my surprise, she kicked the frozen barrier towards me. The force of the kick meant that there was now a large pillar of ice hurtling towards me.

I tried to move out of the way, but…

"]Bottomless Swamp]!"

I couldn't react in time as Hoost lifted his hand and prevented me from moving.

"[Inferno]!"

Thankfully, Yunyun melted the ice before it could hit me.

"Gah!"

The steam that came out of it still stung, though.

I tried to teleport away from the bottomless swamp, but…

I guess I can't do that against an enemy that had way more magic power than me.

"[Overwhelm]!"

Instead, I used [Overwhelm] to break from the crowd control effect. It was a slow process though, and Hoost was charging forward to attack me again.

"Wind spirits! Protect senpai!"

Rin commanded her wind spirits, which created a powerful gust that prevented Hoost from following up with an attack.

Meanwhile, Mary…

She snuck up to flank Hoost and launched a vine from her body.

At the tip of the vine was her 'beloved's' dagger.

"Gahhh!"

Not even Hoost could walk away unscathed from the cheat item that bypassed defenses. He was forced to retreat.

All this time, it seemed that Wolbach and Megumin were eyeing each other.

With Wolbach's increased stats, she could probably cast another explosion.

But she knew that Megumin could do that as well, with her mana refilled.

Both were at a stalemate, like two countries with hundreds of nukes, holding back only due to the threat of mutual destruction.

My [Rune Warrior] state was running out. Only twenty seconds now.

Arnes was in flight, but Hoost stayed on the ground to protect his master.

Even if Wolbach had increased her mana capacity, there was no way she could freely spam spells after already casting explosion and a forced teleport.

Which meant that if we dealt with her minions, she was vulnerable, and the nuclear stalemate wouldn't matter anymore.

"Yunyun, Rin! Focus on Arnes! Mary, attack Hoost with me!"

"Got it, senpai!"

"O-OK!"

"Hah… What a demanding father I have…"

This brat Mary is talking back in such an important moment like this…?!

I'll have to spank her later!

Putting that aside, I focused on the combination attack with Mary.

"[Challenge]!"

Using the Knight skill, I engaged Hoost's attention.

Now that we were locked in a 'duel', he couldn't even attempt to block Mary's attack.

"[Triple Attack]."

"Grahhh!"

The dagger pierced through his shoulder three times in rapid succession, drawing blood.

"[Defuse]!"

With the skill I learned from Regina, I ended Hoost's focus on me and used [Sonic Strike] to disappear from his vision, going behind him.

His focus naturally went to Mary, who had dealt the most damage to him so far.

Using that opening…

I sheathed Chunchunmaru and summoned my bow.

I formed an ice arrow, drew back the string.

Using [Smithing] to combine the Hyper-Rhino horn and the vibrating golem arrows into the attack…

"[Power Shot]! [Snipe]! [Meta-Control Spell]!"

With a maxed out [Headshot], even with [Signature Spell] and [Signature Attack] adding onto the damage…

Not to mention all the crit bonuses I had…

He didn't stand a chance.

The defenseless, unaware Hoost disappeared in a black mist, returning to Hell as I took a life from him.

…He seemed like a cool guy when I was captured. Hopefully I can see him again someday on better terms.

As for Arnes…

"Ponko-sensei! I'm relying on you…?!"

"...?!"

I turned in surprise towards Rin, who summoned Ponko in such a deadly fight.

"Hah…? I told you I had to finish this manuscript, why the hell are you summoning me?!"

Ponko was summoned while wearing only a loose t-shirt over her body. Her hair was also a mess and she was wearing round-glasses over her eyes.

"I'm sorry! But I really need your help!"

"...Fine… Let's just get this over with… Pon!"

Ponko clapped her hands together and smoke surrounded her.

When the smoke dispersed, I saw that she had transformed into a copy of Arnes.

"What…?!"

Arnes exclaimed, as her clone flew upwards to attack her.

I see… Since she was a Tanuki spirit, Ponko was capable of taking the form of others.

Just like how Tanukis were depicted in myth.

With Arnes distracted by an evenly-matched clone of herself, Yunyun could focus on taking her down.

"[Cursed Lightning]!"

Yunyun summoned black lightning from the sky, which struck Arnes, who couldn't avoid it.

She fell down, twitching, before she too, disappeared in black smoke.

Seeing this, Wolbach had no choice.

"[Teleport]!"

"[Skill Bind]!"

Except that I countered her again.

"..."

Looking around, seeing that she was alone…

She sighed and raised her hands.

"...I surrender."

With no other option left, the Dark Goddess Wolbach had surrendered.

You have defeated enough Demon King generals!

You now meet the requirements to create the Hero class!
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:OtroWey, kinggamerlite29, Dahaka1e and 161 others
BoringBone
Aug 18, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 63: An Apology To This Princess!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Aug 31, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,541
Chapter 63: An Apology To This Princess!

Part 1

Ponko, still in her Arnes form, along with Yunyun, Rin and Mary, kept an eye on the captured Wolbach. She was currently tied up with my [Bind] after I drained all of her mana, leaving her in a mana exhausted state. I didn't want to take any risks with her.

Meanwhile, I kept trying to contact Aika-chan over and over.

Until, eventually…

"Papa! Sorry, I went offline for a bit there!"

"Aika-chan! What happened to you?!"

"...I actually ended up being teleported into a high-level dungeon trap, I think… My golem body got destroyed…"

"I see…"

I didn't even think about that.

If [Teleport] could work in and out of the dungeon, then a random teleport would be the same.

But still, that trap must be on the highest floors if it managed to destroy Aika-chan's golem body like that.

What an unfortunate turn of events.

"Quickly! You need to find the others! Open dungeon doors to them!"

"On it!"

Aika-chan worked quickly to find where the others were. After a few seconds, several dungeon doors opened to us.

"...Blasted Dark Goddess! I'll smite you once and for all!"

Aqua was the first to come out. For some reason, there were chicken feathers and hay all over her clothes and hair.

Mitsurugi, Chris and Darkness came out next, also coming out with their weapons.

Mitsurgi and Darkness also looked quite dirty, while Chris was completely unblemished.

They all looked at Wolbach, tied up with a look of defeat on her face.

"Wait… We won?"

Mitsurugi said, lowering his sword in relief.

"Yeah… Everyone is safe, thank goodness!"

Darkness sighed as she found us all in one piece.

"You're welcome!"

Aqua said, hands on her hips proudly.

…She didn't even do anything.

"I'm glad everyone made it out OK…"

Chris said, with a smile. Although she soon turned to Wolbach with a cold look on her face.

"So… What should we do with her? Maybe have Aqua-sen… I mean, Aqua-san exorcise her?"

Aqua grinned and raised her staff.

"Ohhh… Good idea, Chris! Let's start!"

"Hold it."

I raised my hand before Aqua could start blasting away.

I glanced at Megumin, who was giving Wolbach a conflicted expression, then said,

"No, let's keep her as a prisoner of war."

Using the same logic for when we captured Dante, I didn't want to give the DK army an excuse to mistreat future POWs. If we executed Wolbach now, they could use that as precedent for indiscriminate executions of their own.

"...We don't have a way of preventing her from teleporting away, though."

Rin said, bringing up that problem.

I did think about having a clone watch over her and constantly using [Drain Touch].

But Wolbach could probably overpower the clone, even if I used a high-level golem.

While thinking of a way to properly imprison her, I thought about the prison system of Lizardia.

There is a special property to the jails there, where one's skill points, levels and stats will go down with each day spent there.

"I think I know where to put her."

"...Kazuma, you've got quite the nasty grin there… I wish you'd reserve those looks for me."

Darkness said, when she saw the expression I had as I came up with my idea.

The only issue was getting the king of the lizardmen to agree on having Wolbach as a prisoner.

They did get along with app-users, but they had nothing to do with the outside world.

And I couldn't exactly lie to him due to the lie detecting magic items and divination magic they had.

Still, it was the only thing I could think of to properly contain Wolbach.

When I told the others, Mitsurugi said,

"Well… That does make sense, but I'd argue that having her lose all her stats and levels is quite a severe punishment…"

He looked at Wolbach with pity.

Wolbach herself sighed and said,

"It's actually pretty lenient as far as prisoner treatment goes."

"Yeah, considering what you did to me last time…"

She averted her gaze from me as I remembered those war crimes she committed by forcing herself on me.

…Well, I did enjoy it, but…

Nobody needed to know that.

There was the issue, however, of transferring Wolbach to the dungeon.

Wiz could enter before, while Vanir couldn't.

So I was wondering if Wolbach could enter.

Aika-chan did some communication with the dungeon AI upon my request, to see if Wolbach would be allowed inside.

"It seems that we can bring her in as a prisoner!"

I see.

It was fitting, since this was a dungeon, after all.

I didn't think that the dungeon would actually be used to take in prisoners, though.

We took the teleportation circle to the 60th floor.

As we entered the dungeon door leading to Lizardia, the guards recognized us.

"Ah, it's the party that captured the terrorist. Thank you for your service!"

Oho. It's always nice to have NPCs recognize your past achievements.

"About that. We seek an audience with your king. It's important, so we'd rather not wait in line like before."

They looked down at their table, at what looked like a small bell. Since I was telling the truth, it didn't ring. After a few seconds, they nodded.

"It seems you're telling the truth. Go ahead."

Lizardia's system was way too convenient.

I wish our world operated like this.

…Although being unable to lie was a blatant violation of freedom of speech.

I suppose no system of governance is ever perfect.

We all had our IDs from last time, but Wolbach didn't have one. They also noticed that Wolbach was tied up.

"...What's this? Some kind of kinky play?"

Wolbach was being treated like she had Darkness' proclivities. I noticed her blushing at the misunderstanding.

"No, she's our prisoner. That's what we want to see your king about."

"Your prisoner?! …Well, I guess it's the king's business. Go ahead."

These guys really just let their king handle everything, huh?

Based on what I saw last time, the king seemed to deal with a lot of requests everyday.

Poor guy seems overworked.

And now I was going to ask him to jail a Dark Goddess for us.

I kinda felt bad for him.

Wolbach obediently followed us into Lizardia. She looked around with awe in her eyes.

"A kingdom built by lizardmen… Fascinating…"

That surprised me.

"Eh? Does something like this not exist in the otherworld?"

"Not to this extent. At most, lizardmen only built villages. Most of them rely on banditry to make ends meet."

Just like the lizardmen in the lower floors, who formed groups to attack app-users.

I suppose most monsters aren't able to form an advanced society like this.

So how did the lizardmen here get this advanced?

Aqua chuckled and put a hand on her chest.

"You seem curious, Kazuma. Do you want me to explain?"

"...You barely know anything about the dungeon you supposedly helped create, so why should I rely on you? Aika-chan, do you know?"

"How rude, papa! Obviously, mama knows! Right, mama?!"

"Yes, I do! You see, the lizardmen here are blessed by my creation of this dungeon, that's why they're smarter!"

Aika-chan gave Aqua a thumbs up.

"Excellent answer, mama!"

I stared at Aika-chan.

"OK, now give me the real answer."

"...The lizardmen in this floor have no natural predators, as they exclusively own this floor as the boss monsters. The abundant resources and safety has led to them learning how to use magic, create technologies and produce social advancements that have led to the development of this near-utopian society."

So it had nothing to do with Aqua's blessing.

Or should I say curse.

"A peaceful world leads to advancements, huh? I doubt that will last long."

Wolbach didn't seem satisfied with that explanation as she muttered that.

"...Is peace really so bad?"

Megumin asked her. Wolbach couldn't meet Megumin's eyes, but she responded.

"A society like this will just stagnate if it remains peaceful forever. Stagnation leads to people losing purpose and meaning. An unsatisfied and confused populace leads to any empire's ruin."

As expected of the god of destruction. She seemed to hate the concept of peace.

"...Although, this would be a nice place to live in since there's nothing going on."

And then there's the sloth aspect of Wolbach that made her seek out peace.

I must say, her aspects were incredibly misaligned.

Whoever gave her those aspects played a cruel joke.

"Wait, Satou! Where's Iris-chan!"

Mitsurugi said, after he did a head count.

I glanced away from him.

"Well, the thing is…"

At the last second, I chose not to open a dungeon door for Iris.

"Satou… She's gonna be very upset with you."

I knew that, but we had other things to focus on right now.

Or, I guess, I just didn't want to think about how Iris would react.

Part 2

We were given a private audience with King Lizardia.

"Thank you once again for apprehending the terrorist last time."

He said, after leading us to a private reception room. We were seated along couches and the servants put a tower of snacks in front of us, along with tea. Aqua, Aika-chan and Megumin immediately leapt for the snacks.

King Lizardia crossed his legs and gave me a studious look, before glancing over to Wolbach.

"...This is the prisoner you mentioned?"

Wolbach looked away, appearing annoyed that she was going to be held captive by a bunch of Lizardmen, although there wasn't much she could do about it.

"Yes. I would like to keep her in your prison."

They were much better equipped to deal with Wolbach than I ever could in my own holding cells.

King Lizardia looked over at a scroll a servant handed to him.

"I see. She's incredibly dangerous and can even use teleport… But no worries about the teleport. We have [Dimensional Anchor] runes set up in our cells.

Wolbach's eyes widened at that. I asked,

"...What's that spell?"

"It's a spell that ensures one is anchored in their current location. So that means teleportation magic isn't possible in our cells."

"Oho! That's just what we need!"

These lizardmen were truly advanced!

"But there's a problem. Why should we keep such a powerful prisoner here? In the low chance that she does escape, then our civilization is doomed."

I knew he would bring this up.

There was basically no incentive for him to accept this deal.

While keeping an eye on the lie-detecting magic item, I said,

"As you can see, even a Dark Goddess like Wolbach can enter the dungeon. The Lich, Wiz, has also entered the dungeon in the past."

"...!!! Then that's even more reason to keep them out! If their comrade is here, the Demon King army will surely try to rescue her!"

"Then, it would be in your best interest if you keep Wolbach here for us, so we can defeat the rest of the Demon King army without having to worry about Wolbach."

"...And what makes you think you can defeat the Demon King army?"

I pulled out my app and showed him my newest class.

"This is…?!!"

He stared in wonder at the screen.

I guess seeing 'Level 100 Hero' would blow anyone's minds.

"The hero is meant to defeat the Demon King. I promise I'll do my job, so please help me with Wolbach."

I thought it would take some more convincing, but…

I could feel an unfamiliar ability taking effect from within me.

A glance at my phone showed that a 'blessing' from the hero class had activated.

[Talk-no-jutsu] has activated!

…Huh? Am I reading that right?

This ability seems like a joke…!!!

Still, I couldn't deny that the king's demeanor changed as soon as this so-called blessing activated.

"Very well, then! Hero Kazuma, the Kingdom of Lizardia is honored to assist you in your campaign!"

He stood up to shake my hand.

"Wait, hero…?"

Mitsurugi, who didn't know I unlocked the class yet, looked at me with some confusion in his eyes.

"Yup, I just unlocked the Hero class after defeating Wolbach."

"...! Then we might actually have a chance?!"

He was talking as if he didn't believe in our chances before.

Well… I was also pretty doubtful.

King Lizardia snapped his fingers. Guards appeared inside to take Wolbach away.

Megumin gave Wolbach a parting look.

"...I guess this is it, Megumin."

Wolbach said, with a weak smile. Megumin, after some hesitation, said,

"I'll come visit."

"...You will?"

"Yeah."

At the end of the day, Wolbach was still a very important person to Megumin.

Even after the betrayal, that never changed.

As the person who led Megumin to the path of explosions, that bond will never break.

…

…

The others wanted to head back home after that exhausting fight. Only half of us actually fought, but the others were also stranded in an unknown location after being teleported. That couldn't have been good in terms of stress.

I was in Lizardia anyway, so I went to the Merchant's Guild to check up on my stocks.

The staff member who served me last time recognized me and rushed over. She lowered her voice to a hush and said,

"Sir! I-I have some big news… The stocks you bought last time just rose out of nowhere!"

Well, this was expected.

I chose this stock while relying on my luck, after all.

She led me to her office and showed me the numbers.

To give some perspective, what I bought last time was essentially worth only 100 Yen per share. It was pretty much a 'Penny Stock' at that point.

The share price grew to 50,000 Yen.

That netted me a profit of about 100 Billion Yen.

"Whoa, that's a lot of growth."

"That's an understatement! You're also a prominent shareholder of the fastest rising company now… The company has been asking to meet you!"

"I see… What do they do again?"

"You don't even know?!"

I just relied on my godly luck stat for that.

It wasn't like I knew anything about the Lizardia Stock Exchange.

Trying to predict a market I had no idea about would just be disastrous.

Relying on luck was the better answer, especially since I couldn't use the crystal ball at all.

"You got an eraser on you?"

Confused, she handed me an eraser. I wrote 'Yes' on one side and 'No' on the other.

"Should I keep investing in this company? Yes or No."

I took the eraser and flipped it.

It landed on 'No'.

I see. So this was a hype stock that was bound to crash, huh?

"Sell everything."

"You're going to liquidate all your shares just from an eraser flip?! Are you insane?!"

"...Like I told you last time, just enjoy your hefty commission fees and don't think about it too much."

"..."

She sold the shares.

"Let me see the stock list again."

"...You're really gonna pick a stock randomly again?"

She reluctantly handed me a list.

"Eeenie, meenie, money, more!"

I pointed at a stock.

"This is… Oh, this is actually a very safe bank stock. It has slow-growth but high quarterly dividend payments."

"I see."

So I guess the best choice now was to put my money on a blue chip stock, rather than a hype stock that would see miraculous growth and crash later on.

The shares for the Bank of Lizardia stock were worth about 30,000 Yen each, with a dividend yield of 1.90%.

"Put the 100 Billion into this stock."

"...!!! You're gonna put in all the money you earned from the last investment?!"

"I mean, what would I even do with it?"

I would earn about 1.96 Billion Yen a year in dividends just from doing nothing.

And since I didn't withdraw any of this money yet, and it was still in a tax-haven account, I wouldn't have to pay as much taxes, if any, especially if I automatically reinvest these dividend earnings.

In terms of diversifying my investments, I didn't have to worry about this one failing because of my Luck.

And I had Kazumall, anyway. It wasn't like I was putting everything into one basket.

A really gutsy move would be to put my investment account as collateral for a line of credit. I'd take out a huge loan from the bank and reinvest it to gain even more profits.

But I suppose even my greed has its limits.

I just left it at that.

Part 3

I teleported back to my dungeon control room. Aika-chan was waiting there for me.

"...I'm sorry that I went offline, papa!"

I patted her head as she tearfully hugged me.

"It's fine. It was my fault for not even considering the random teleport."

If my luck wasn't so high, I bet I would have ended up in a more dangerous situation, like Aika-chan did.

Even with my luck, I ended up in a situation like falling from the sky. If that was considered a lucky outcome, I didn't even want to imagine what else could have happened.

And if Aqua didn't raise her Luck, she could have ended up in the Earth's atmosphere, or something.

Mary was also there, just playing games on her PC. She didn't even seem fazed by that whole encounter.

"...You sure are a cool cucumber, aren't you?"

"Are you saying that because I'm a plant?"

I didn't even consider that.

After comforting Aika-chan, I went to get my new Hero class sorted out.

The Hero class, interestingly, doesn't come with skills.

Instead, it comes with 'blessings'.

These blessings were already unlocked and didn't need to be learned.

The blessings are: [Hero's Journey], [Power of Friendship], [Plot Armor], [Chosen One] and [Talk-no-jutsu].

[Hero's Journey]

You no longer have a level cap or stat cap. Skill Ranks can go up to Rank 20.

[Power of Friendship]

All allies with a Rank 7 bond with you share the blessings of the Hero class, except for this particular blessing.

[Plot Armor]

Divine intervention, acts of fate, and even distortions of reality and phenomena, can not harm you, or interfere in your life in a negative way.

[Chosen One]

As the Hero, you can learn any skill and feature from any class, regardless of racial restrictions or job requirements.

[Talk-no-jutsu]

When attempting to convince others to aid in a heroic goal of yours, you will get an advantage on 'Charisma' checks.

…OK, there were a lot of mind-blowing blessings here.

Not only did I no longer have a level or stat cap, but my allies receive that privilege as well?!

This is beyond gamebreaking!

I can even learn any skill I want now.

And don't even get me started on [Plot Armor]!

No matter how many flags I raise, I won't be affected by them!

Even just saying that line won't backfire on me!

"This class is beyond busted!"

As a gamer, I almost felt disgusted by these blessings.

Aika-chan smiled and said,

"Well, this class is built to defeat the Demon King. The fact that papa was chosen means that the gods have considered you worthy!"

"The gods, huh…? I guess they're not mad at me anymore."

"I didn't say that. There just isn't any other good choice."

Did she really have to say it like that?

Still, after all the excitement faded away, I felt a heavy sense of responsibility.

I was truly the hero now.

"..."

That's way too much pressure!

…

…

I gathered everyone the next day and explained to them that they no longer had a level and stat cap.

"That's an extremely powerful blessing!"

Mitsurugi said, staring in wonder at the blessings that were now on his app.

"...I can increase my magic power even more?!"

Of course, Megumin would be fixated on that.

"By the way, Satou… Have you talked to Iris-chan yet?"

"..."

Iris has been avoiding me ever since the battle with Wolbach.

As for why, it was because I intentionally didn't call her when Wolbach was spotted.

It wasn't that I didn't trust her, rather, I actually wanted to keep her as a backup in case we were all wiped out.

However, Iris took offense to this and had locked herself in her room.

After ending the meeting, I went to Iris's room and knocked on the door.

"...Go away."

She really was mad. I said,

"I know that it seems like a cop out, but I really did think that it was a smart move at the time."

"No, it wasn't. I'm the most powerful member of the party. You just excluded me because you're overprotective!"

Maybe I did feel that way subconsciously.

Regardless, I knew that I would have to earn her trust back.

Warning! Your bond with Iris is in danger of decreasing!

As if I wasn't already aware, the app warned me about this.

"Can I at least come in?"

"...Fine."

Iris was laying in bed, her face buried in the pillows.

She was still wearing her pajamas and her hair looked messy, golden strands sticking out from all directions.

"You should at least brush your hair."

I said, taking a brush on top of her makeup table and gently fixing her hair.

"Onii-sama. You're a liar."

"...I guess I am."

I paused, thinking of something to say.

Trying to convince her just seemed wrong. I didn't feel like this was the same as my conflict with Chris. This wasn't a clash of ideologies. I simply betrayed Iris's trust.

"Listen, your onii-sama is an asshole."

"You think saying that will make me forgive you?"

"I guess not."

I put the brush down once her hair was in a coherent form, using my hands instead to comb through the last stubborn locks of entangled hair. Her hair was thicker than mine, and oddly satisfying to touch.

"Megumin's dad told me something the other day. I told him that I was an adult and I could take care of Megumin. He told me that I was just a kid like her, and he couldn't trust me to take responsibility."

I sighed and sat back, leaning my back against the wall, as I let go of Iris's hair. I played with her bedsheets next, feeling its smooth texture, pinching a fold of fabric to make a tent, before letting it deflate. I said,

"Maybe he had a point? I'm pretty impulsive sometimes and I do things that I think are for the best. I even convince myself that I'm the one who's right."

Even with the situation with Chris, I was so sure that I was right. I still do.

But the way I handled it was just despicable.

Maybe someone who was more mature and wise wouldn't have resorted to cruel tactics like trapping Chris in a cell.

Or ditching Iris behind, just because I felt a subconscious need to protect her.

I didn't know how to even start with fixing those flaws, though. How can you fix a flaw that you might not even view as a flaw at all?

The truth was that I didn't know the answer to that, and I wondered if I'd ever figure it out.

This time, it was Iris's turn to sigh. She finally turned around and faced me while frowning.

"You're this party's leader. That gives you the right to make decisions on the spot, but… If we're going to win this war, you can't just go against our plans! We set up strategies for a reason! What kind of leader rips those plans up at the last moment just because of some impulsive decision?!"

"Yeah… You're right."

I couldn't really argue against that point.

"...But, there's no point in having a leader if we ban you from making last second decisions. Ugh, this is tough."

If I was confused about what was the right thing to do, then Iris, who was younger than me, would be just as confused.

But the point is that we're all just confused kids. I shouldn't try to elevate my opinion over everyone else's, even if I am in the position of the leader.

I shook my head.

"No, we're a party. I should have trusted you more. Sorry, Iris."

She gave a small smile.

"Alright… Just keep what I said in mind."

"...You're not gonna forgive me?"

I said, noticing that she was avoiding accepting my apology.

"Hah… You're too spoiled, onii-sama! The others may forgive you easily, but I'm different from them! If you break my trust, that's permanent!"

"I-I see…"

Seeing my face fall, she chuckled and said,

"But that doesn't mean that I hate you, or that I won't trust you ever again. You just have to prove to me that you really see me as an equal, OK?"

"...Got it."

I couldn't believe that I just got schooled by this little girl.

What a humbling experience.

Your bond with Iris has increased to Rank 6!

Iris (Sword Princess), Bond Rank: 6

At Rank 6, you've learned that Iris is not one to forgive so easily, or give her trust without just cause. You are still closer to her than ever, but you need to work hard to prove that you are worthy to be her equal! Not every relationship is perfect, and they probably never will be, but truly bonding with someone means that you view them as someone equal to yourself. They will protect you, and you will protect them. Iris doesn't want a one-sided, sibling relationship, where you are the older brother and she is the helpless little sister. Working towards a true bond will deepen your relationship to the maximum level!

Bond Reward: [One-Handed Sword] rank-up!

[One-handed Sword] Skill Rank: 6, Passive Skill

You are proficient in using swords that require one hand to wield. You gain +60% weapon accuracy with attacks using one-handed swords and +5 damage.

"...I promise I won't hesitate next time, Iris."

"Good, that's all I ask!"

"Besides, I don't want to squander your potential, like Gohan…"

Since Iris was the one with the most potential, she was also the one who was in the most danger to waste it.

That's the usual trope, anyway.

In order to have Iris avoid a fate as a jobber, I resolved myself to involve her in future battles.

Besides, it was Mitsurugi's role to be a jobber.

Part 4

Aqua visited me later that night.

"Heh. Did you already forget that it was my turn in the schedule?"

She said, while pouncing on me.

Ah, that's right.

Her turn on the baby making schedule was skipped due to the app-user's agreeing to be bait faster than expected.

And now, she was making up for lost time.

"...Hey, can you even get pregnant?"

I said, even as Aqua was already kissing my neck, her hands going under my shirt.

"Only one way to find out, right?"

She pulled my shirt up, grinning as she stared at my pecs and abs, before trailing kisses down my body. Her hair dangled down, brushing against my thighs, as she pulled my pants down next.

I let out a moan as she started jerking me off, soft hands gently stroking my shaft.

"...Why do you even want kids? If you're just doing it because the others are…"

"It's not that!"

"Then, why?"

She kept stroking me as she tilted her chin.

"Well, it's not like I have anything else to do."

"Oi…"

"I'm serious! You guys have school, and your families… I don't really have anything like that? I spend most of my day at home, and it's not like I have parents who will berate me if I get pregnant. So, I'm free to do whatever I want, whenever I want!"

"What a total hedonist…"

"What's wrong with that?! I'm a goddess, after all! If I want to eat, I eat! If I want to drink, I drink! If I want a baby, I do you!"

"...You better not drink if you do get pregnant!"

Unbelievable.

The others all had their personal reasons for wanting a child with me.

But this girl just wants to do it for the sake of doing it.

Well, this is Aqua we're talking about.

"Now, if you get that already…"

She grinned as she got on top of me after stripping her clothes off.

"Ah, whatever!"

Succumbing to her carefree attitude, I just gripped her waist and lowered her into my cock.
We both moaned as my cock penetrated her.

I let that goddess pussy embrace me, enjoying her warmth and reactive squeezes.

My hands roamed her body as she moved, confident in her movements as she rode me.

While grinning all the while, Aqua had her way with me, our flesh clapping against each other. I loved it when Aqua lost all control, so I reached up and played with her clitoris. This made her speed up even more, her body moving in a blur as she fucked me.

"Kazuma… Mnn! This feels way better than usual!"

The prospect of babymaking awakened her instincts as well, like with the other girls. Maybe she was a lot closer to a human than we thought.

That bodes well for what we were trying to do.

I grinned, earning a moan from her after I squeezed her breasts, playing with her nipples as she bucked and grinded against me.

"Kazuma! You better cum a lot inside me!"

"What a demanding woman!"

Annoyed, I flipped her over, taking control as she squealed in surprise. I pounded her down into the bed, giving her a rough dicking.

"Get pregnant, you useless goddess!"

"Useless?! How dare you call me useless, you rampant pedophile!"

"Hah?! I'm balls deep inside a thousand year old goddess, and you dare call me a pedo?!"

"Who says I'm a thousand years old?!"

In the middle of our argument…

"Hnnnghhh!"

I managed to give Aqua the big creampie she was egging me on for.

…

…

Aqua and I went a bit too wild last night.

We were both sore when we got up from bed the next day.

Even with superhuman endurance, I guess babymaking for eight hours straight will do a number on your body.

"I'm gonna go to sleep."

Aqua groaned, pulling my sheets over her head.

"Go to sleep? It's 8 am."

She responded by snoring.

Well, I was also pretty damn tired myself.

I went down to get some coffee. Sena was already downstairs, preparing breakfast for us.

"...Kazuma-san, about Wolbach…"

"Don't tell me she managed to escape already?!"

"...?! I hope not! No, it's not that. The Prime Minister just wants to know where you're holding such an important prisoner."

I guess they would be rather concerned about that, huh?

The other Demon King generals I faced had become casualties of war.

Wolbach was the first ever high-profile POW from the otherworld..

Sending her to Lizardman Alcatraz without alerting the leader of my nation could be seen as an act of insubordination.

I should have thought about that.

I gave Sena a report of Lizardia, as well as its jail system, and told her that was where Wolbach was being held.

She managed to follow along and typed some notes on a tablet.

"So, as you can see, I can't exactly transfer Wolbach to a Japanese prison or hand her over to the ICC, or she'd just teleport away."

"...Yeah, I guess prisoners who can teleport are rather tricky to deal with. Still, I don't know how the Prime Minister will react to the report on Lizardia…"

Aside from the otherworld, there was even a whole nation within the dungeon. This whole thing was a diplomatic mess.

Matters of national sovereignty and geopolitics seem inconsequential in the face of the grand multiverse, however. I'd rather make sure Wolbach is secure, even if it meant stepping on the toes of politicians.

I ate a quick breakfast before heading to my dungeon.

I gave advance warning to Norse and Vanir, and before the mall could open…

I activated the golem EXP farm.

You have reached Level 106!

I gained 6 levels, breaching past the level limit of 100 for the first time.

Limitless levels… That meant that I could be a lot more carefree in terms of spending skill points.

Although, I couldn't afford to go crazy with spending them, since it'll be harder and harder to gain EXP the more levels I gain.

I decided to put 15 skill points first into [Mage Rank-Up] to put it all the way up to the maximum Rank 20.

[Mage Rank-Up] Skill Rank: 20, Passive Skill

All magic related skills have their max Skill Rank increase to Rank 20. You no longer have to spend extra skill points to level up magic related skill past Rank 6.

A Rank 20 skill…

As expected, it was a huge spike in power.

With every rank up, the skill points required kept increasing.

That is, until I reached Rank 20 in this class Rank-Up feature.

This will make it way easier for me to rank up my magic skills.

I put the remainder of the 5 Skill Points on [Golem Manipulation].

[Golem Manipulation] Skill Rank: 10, Active Skill (5 mp)

Manipulate the shape and form of a golem under your control. At rank 10, Legendary golems and below can be affected.

Now, I could properly reshape the legendary golem body for Aika-chan, and the ultra-rare body for Mary-chan.

Part 5

Same as before, the priority was to gain as many levels as possible.

But it wasn't like I could shut everything down just to power up the golem farm.

"...I guess I'll have to go back to the dungeon, huh?"

"Oh? Gonna stop slacking off for once, papa?"

Aika-chan said, as I gathered the others.

Before we left to the dungeon, I ordered the clones to start their eating regimen again.

They had enough of a break, it was back to work.

"So, we're back to the grind, huh?"

Aqua said, as she stretched her arms when we teleported to the last place we left off, Floor 70.

"...I wasn't helpful in the fight against Wolbach… I promise to redeem myself!"

Darkness said, looking determined.

"Even with your Dexterity up, you're still useless in a fight, huh?"

"T-That's not true!"

Megumin shrugged and said,

"I did my role in that battle, so I'm not going to say anything."

"You still said something, though."

I said, sighing before I gestured for Darkness to start walking ahead of us.

"Hahhh!"

Watching Darkness fight now, she really did improve so much.

She didn't even have to use the ice spear anymore. She went back to use a greatsword and was able to consistently land clean blows. I watched her tear through a group of ogres with [Side Slash].

"...Having a proper frontliner kind of just leaves us with nothing to do, huh?"

Aqua said, as we idly watched Darkness one-shotting everything.

"Tch… After I wasted those points on the Knight class…"

Megumin said, giving me an accusatory glare.

"...You're acting as if those Knight skills aren't still useful! Besides, we're all over-levelled for this floor. Let's just take turns wiping the enemies out."

And that's what we did. We efficiently cut through monsters and cleared boss rooms as we rose from the 70th floor to the 80s.

Since I still had that quest of creating legendary grade clothing, I was forced to take on floor bosses without gaining a random loot box.

With that said, Megumin was enough to one-shot these bosses, with me refilling her mana quickly with the Rank 10 [Drain Touch]. Our power level was really quite too much for these floors.

We might catch up with the others at this rate.

Along the way, [Treasure Detection] signalled me whenever we came across hidden treasure.

"Ohh, a spell tome…!"

I managed to get several spell tomes while advancing through the floors.

I stored them all away, excited about reading them later.

In this way, it didn't take long until we reached the floor I was targeting, which was Floor 88.

This was the home of the Colossal Earthworm, which would give me the silk I needed to make legendary clothing.

Upon entering the door, we found ourselves in a desert very much like the one with the Lizard Runners.

However, the heat in this floor was even more intense than that previous floor.

"Ahhh! We should have brought sunscreen, or something!"

"...I can't handle this…!"

Aqua and Megumin said, as they desperately tried to get their bodies to cool down. Aqua kept creating water to pour on herself, while Megumin had already abandoned her cape.

Even as I made a golem into a walking roof over us, the sheer humidity and dry air was intolerable.

The only one who was fine was Darkness.

"How can you walk around in this heat with that armor on?!"

Darkness glanced at Aqua and said,

"It must be because my [Heat Resistance] is at a high rank."

The skill we gained from the spicy curry challenge was helping Darkness a lot.

As we kept going, I noticed my stamina and health steadily dropping the more time we spent on this floor.

It didn't help that Cactus monsters suddenly attacked us, shooting deadly needles that were dripping in poison.

Having to fight these monsters only exacerbated the effects of the heat.

"...Do you guys have spare points left?"

I said, when I couldn't take the heat anymore.

We wouldn't be able to make it past this floor unless we put points into [Heat Resistance].

And so, I put 4 points on it, with Megumin and Aqua following suit.

[Heat Resistance] Skill Rank: 5, Passive Skill

You can endure heat at a superhuman level. When up against magical heat, the success rate of this skill is determined by your 'Willpower' (101). You gain +5 Fire Resistance to attacks using fire and heat.

We all sighed in relief as the skill took over and immediately cooled down our bodies.

"...I'm surprised you used your precious skill points on something not related to explosion."

I said to Megumin, who was complaining about those Knight skills earlier.

She coughed into her hand.

"As my explosion magic keeps growing, it is important to have a way to survive the waves emanating from my own blasts… That's just how powerful explosion magic is. It can even harm the owner."

"If the skill can harm the owner, what's the point of using it?!"

"You call yourself a man?! It's fine to take risks!"

Knowing that there was no sense in arguing with Megumin about explosion, I just let the matter drop.

We solved one of our problems, but there was still the matter of the boss monster.

The sand started to shake as we arrived at its territory.

And then, it rose out of the sand.

"...?! T-That thing is huge?!"

It was easily the largest monster we had ever seen in the dungeon. The worm opened its mouth, showing rows of teeth.

"[Taunt]!"

Darkness immediately attracted its attention, as she put on the Winter Shogun armor.

The worm was unexpectedly quick, but the Winter Shogun armor released a field of ice that slowed the worm down enough. The icy aura allowed Darkness to dodge out of the way of the worm's lunge. Its teeth bit into the sand, before tunneling down.

It was so agile, moving through the sand as if it were a dolphin swimming through water.

Megumin had handled the previous bosses easily enough, but she tended to struggle against monsters like this, which could hide itself.

Still, she held her explosion with [Delay Spell], glancing around for when the worm will emerge again.

"Megumin, be careful not to blow us up along with it…!"

"Yeah, I know that!"

We could feel the worm burrowing underneath us. At this point, there was no way Megumin could use explosion magic with it so close.

Then, I got an idea and delayed a spell of my own.

As soon as the worm emerged, we quickly dashed back, and…

"[Bottomless Swamp]!"

I turned the spot the worm was trying to rise from into a swamp, effectively hindering it from emerging.

Then, once we gained enough distance, Megumin unleashed her explosion.

"Explosion…!!!"

The Colossal Earthworm was swiftly dealt with.

Part 6

The silk is harvested from the worm in an unusual way.

Of course, normal earthworms don't produce silk.

But these monsters were capable of producing a special type of silk that is considered a legendary material.

This silk acts like a mucus surrounding the worm's body. It is a magical silk that allows them fast transport through the desert sands.

That was how the Colossal Earthworms were able to move swiftly despite their size.

Thankfully, this silk is very durable and there was still a lot left despite Megumin's explosion.

Although the worm's head was pretty much blown off now.

"Argh! It's still wriggling around!"

Aqua said, when we got close to gather silk from the worm's carcass.

The worm's nervous system was still reacting after death, just like a regular worm.

"[Smithing]!"

I created large bindings from magnetite in the sand to keep the worm from moving.

Then, we gathered the silk.

After we took enough silk, we advanced to the next floor, before teleporting out of the dungeon.

You gained 5 levels!

Thanks to Aika-chan and Mary also getting kills, along with my own efforts, I managed to gain 5 levels.

…That still wasn't a lot considering how much grinding I did.

I guess there wasn't any use complaining.

I went straight to making clothing right away with the [Tailor] skill.

Just like before, I created legendary clothing that would raise the stat I needed the most, 'Potential'.

With the legendary silk, the Potential stat bonus increased from +10 to +50.

That gave me a total potential of 90 as long as I was wearing these silk clothes.

Of course, when the others wore it, their potential also increased a lot.

For example, Megumin would have 140 total Potential now.

Quest completed! You have created legendary clothing!

You learn the [Cosmetic Armor] skill!

[Cosmetic Armor] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Special clothing now gives a base AC of 10. This cannot be stacked with armor.

This will help when we don't have armor equipped and we were suddenly ambushed.

I suppose I'll have to create lots of special clothing now.

I can also give this clothing out to protect those who didn't have app-user status.

New quest list unlocked!

Defeat the 100th Floor boss! Quest Reward: Final Boss Loot Box

Raise three stats to 150! Quest Reward: Skill-Up Potion

Join the Swordmaster club! Quest Reward: +2 Strength, +2 Health

I suppose the easiest out of those quests is to join the Swordmaster club.

I didn't want to focus too much on martial classes before, since I felt like other skills were more useful to me.

But that fight with Wolbach only turned out as well as it did because I was able to function as a frontliner in an emergency.

Since I already had the advanced class of Swordmaster, I also didn't bother unlocking the skills of the Lancer class, even though I had already fulfilled the requirements for it.

I might have to reconsider that stance, along with Cavalier class.

With the hero class, I had access to every class's skills now, after all.

And there were also other martial classes like Berserker…

Which I still had One-Shot Bear materials to create armor for.

I went to check up on my clones afterwards.

I found them eating dishes cooked from monster parts.

Your Strength, Stamina, Speed, Dexterity, Health, Magic Power and Mana Capacity increased by +7!

"Humu. You guys are eating well."

The clones glared at me.

"...I know we have golem bodies, but the psychological impact of gorging on monster food all day isn't good for our sanity."

I suppose it was a bit too cruel to have them just eating all day.

I decided to let them rest.

…

…

"You want to join the Swordmaster club? That's good to hear, Satou!"

Mitsurugi said, when I asked him about it.

"I'm just doing it because of a quest."

"...At least pretend like you're actually interested."

His enthusiasm died as soon as he heard my real intentions.

Still, he told me that they were meeting tonight. I came along with him later on to the dungeon.

"You guys meet in the dungeon?"

"Yeah, we meet up in Lizardia."

That place really has become a main hub for app-users…

I teleported to Lizardia with him, easily getting through the border officials once more.

He then led me to a building. I thought that they reserved the venue. Imagine my surprise when I saw a sign hanging above the doorway that said 'Swordmaster Club'.

"...You guys bought a building?"

"Yup, we pooled our funds together!"

What a waste of money.

I followed him inside.

It was like a restaurant with a bar. Young men wielding swords were socializing, drinks and food in hand. There were foreigners mixed in among the Japanese app-users. It was an international gathering, it seemed.

"Ah, Mitsurugi! Nice to see you again! Oh, Satou came with you?!"

Since I was popular among the app-users, I was immediately recognized.

"Yeah, he unlocked the Swordmaster class and wanted to observe our meeting."

"Ohh! Good to have you!"

I looked around at the other Swordmasters.

They all had adamantite armor and had all kinds of magical swords. Most of them probably chose those swords as their cheat items.

They all looked like Mitsurugi clones, basically.

"So, do you have any advice for a new Swordmaster like Satou?"

"Yeah, I do! Listen, here's the best advice I can give…"

I waited, listening to what he had to say.

"...The best way to get killer abs is to diet."

"Hah…?"

I was waiting for him to say more, but he just nodded with satisfaction to himself.

"...What do abs have to do with being a Swordmaster?"

"Well, girls like guys with six pack abs!"

"Again, what does that have to do with being a Swordmaster?!"

Mitsurugi weakly chuckled before pulling me aside.

"Satou… These guys aren't really serious about fighting the Demon King…"

"So, you mean they're like all the other useless app-users?"

"...There's some useful app-users out there!"

"You mean like us?"

"A-Aside from us…"

He was basically saying that these guys were just doing this as a hobby.

Just like those app-users who hijacked the soccer tournament.

I turned to the club member and said,

"...You got more advice for me? Like, in terms of builds and combat…"

"Oh, yeah, sure. You can check out the build guide we uploaded on our forum. It's in the pinned comments."

"Is it the same as the [Rune of Saber] focused build that Mitsurugi mentioned?"

"Oh, yeah, the very same!"

These guys really were meta-slaves…

That was why they were all wearing the same armor.

"We even have a guide for which cheat-item to take during the tutorial!"

How would that even be useful?!

There's no way an app-user would be able to see that guide in time before they pick an artifact!

Also they were calling it a 'tutorial' as if this really were a game.

The other app-users really didn't take this seriously at all.

A few minutes later, a guy in his late teens stepped forward and called everyone's attention to him.

"Alright, everyone! Let's get tonight's meeting started! First of all, let's congratulate Mitsurugi-kun! Mitsurugi-kun has killed the most monsters this month, maintaining his position at the top!"

"Yoisho! Cheers for Mitsurugi!"

"Bring out the champagne tower!"

Were these guys hosts, or something?

Mitsurugi rubbed the back of his head as the others congratulated him.

While Mitsurugi was being asked to go forward and give a speech…

"[Lurk]..."

I was already on my way out.

Quest Completed!
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:kinggamerlite29, Lenskio, Dahaka1e and 160 others
BoringBone
Aug 31, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 64: A Training Camp For These Clubmates! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 15, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,558
A/N: 'A Repopulation For this Chuunibyou Village' Chapter 3 is now available for sale or for members in my Patreon! Please check it out if you'd like to support me!


Chapter 64: A Training Camp For These Clubmates!

Part 1

I snuck out of the Swordmaster meeting early. This was because they didn't actually provide me with any useful information.

Instead, to make better use of my time, I headed home to start reading those spell tomes I received.

I received spell tomes for the [Light of Saber], [Light of Refraction] and [Tornado] spell.

With my [Arcane Learning] skill, the speed at which a spell could be learned increases. It also increases when someone who knows the spell teaches it to you.

Yunyun knew [Light of Saber] and [Light of Refraction] but didn't know Tornado. I had her teach me the first two spells first.

"Hmm… With [Light of Saber] it feels like gathering mana into your hand and converting it into light energy… As for how to do that, you just have to use the same feeling you have when casting light spells."

The reason why magic took longer to learn compared to other skills was because no one in this world really had a natural aptitude for magic.

Even if you read from a spell tome, a lot of the terms and concepts were so alien to us.

Things like becoming one with the spirits, learning how to attune to elements… None of it really makes sense.

For an otaku who had vast knowledge of fictional worlds and magic systems, some of it did make sense, but that kind of media knowledge couldn't cover the more esoteric concepts.

Not to mention having to memorize the chants required for advanced magic.

Having the correct intonation, pace and even the emotional state required to evoke certain spells meant that every component of a spell had to be perfect.

And not to mention that one could just not be a good match for the element of the spell they're attempting to cast. It was all very complicated.
No wonder why the Arch-Wizard class required a genius-level intellect.

Yunyun and Megumin who started off with the Arch-Wizard class were, quite frankly, outliers.

"...[Light of Saber]!"

In the practice room, I attempted to slice a target in half by releasing a blade of mana converted into magical light.

Only for the spell to fizzle out before it could reach the target.

"...Ah… D-Don't worry, Kazuma-san! You'll get it eventually!"

Yunyun said, lifting my spirits with her encouraging words.

I sat down on a chair, feeling frustrated, as I grabbed the spell tome again to read it.

"This is harder than I thought…"

I tried using [Soul Transfer] to switch with Yunyun's body, but I found that I couldn't even use the spell in her body.

Unlike other skills, there were no immediate shortcuts for Advanced Magic…

Although when I thought about it, I didn't have as many problems with learning [Bottomless Swamp].

…Maybe I was just incompatible with the spell?

I went to the crystal ball to see what the problem was.

…The darkness in your heart means that you are incompatible with Advanced light magic. You can use Intermediate and Elementary light magic just fine, though.

"Hah?! What does that mean?!"

I lost my temper when I heard its explanation.

"Hey, you better give me a better explanation, before I melt you down and reshape you into an unflattering shape that will make women and children cry!"
This is what I meant by darkness in your heart…

"P-Please calm down, Kazuma-san! Even if it's tougher for you to learn light magic, you can keep working hard at it! You can also just learn [Tornado] in the meantime!"

What was even the point of trying to learn a spell if it was going to be less effective for me?

Still, I knew she was right and there was no point in getting upset over this.

I took a break for the night, since I already spent many hours trying to learn [Light of Saber].

Besides, I had plans for tomorrow.

It was time for the training camp trip with the naginata club.

While the soccer training camp was suddenly disrupted, I hoped that nothing would happen this time.

My goal was to rest before then, but…

"Um… Kazuma-san… Tonight do you want to…?"

Yunyun just had to give me an adorable gaze.

So, instead of resting for the trip tomorrow, I spent it having babymaking sex with Yunyun.

…

…

The next morning, I woke up early to pack my things with Darkness.

"Hmm… What will we need for this trip? Maybe a swimsuit?"

"...Are you coming to train or play around?"

I told her, when I saw the things she was packing.

Aside from clothes, she brought board games, a swimsuit and some kind of portable disco ball.

"T-This is my first time going on a training camp, so I'm excited!"

I guess they didn't have training camps for school clubs in England.

Or this rich girl was just so sheltered that she didn't have those kinds of experiences.

I let her off easy and didn't tease her too much for overpacking.

We met up at the train station with Terada-senpai and Lia.

…Along with another person.

Terada-senpai's classmate, the girl who obviously had a crush on him, was also there.

"We don't have a manager, so Mio-san here volunteered to help out."

Terada-senpai explained, as he gestured to the girl with short, side-swept hair.

Her neat hair and straight-laced impression made her look like the serious, studious type, but she had long, painted nails, perfectly applied makeup and looked more like a popular girl than a class-rep like Lia's classroom persona.

She bowed to us with a nonchalant expression.

"...Yeah, I'll be your manager for this trip, I guess."

She didn't seem all that motivated about being a manager.

She did seem motivated about Terada-senpai, though.

Lia and I exchanged a knowing glance, as Darkness helped Mio-san with carrying the equipment. We leaned close to each other and said,

"...That girl is being really assertive right now, huh?"

"Well, this is their last summer as highschoolers together."

So it was her all-out attack.

Knowing Terada-senpai, he probably didn't notice that Mio-san was pursuing him this whole time.

Like a stereotypical dense MC.

"Hmm… Maybe we should try to hook them up together?"

I told Lia, who shook her head.

"Let's just see where this goes. I don't like interfering in people's business unless I have to."

She sounded super respectful, if not for the fact that she still planned on interfering if things didn't go smoothly.

Part 2

Terada-senpai booked two rooms in a ryokan for us to stay in, one for the guys and one for the girls. The ryokan was in close proximity to the beach and was a popular destination for students on a budget, as well as tourists.

Of course, since this was a budget ryokan, it had only basic facilities, which included an onsen and a minimalistic recreation room with a beat-up ping pong table. The ventilation was a bit of an issue, as the whole place smelled faintly like sulfur from the onsen, although it was a smell that most locals were used to, due to the close proximity to the hot spring source. I saw a bunch of foreigners complaining about the rotten egg smell on the review page, though.

There was a dinner service, but they wouldn't be served directly in our rooms by the hostess. We'd have to go to a communal area, where the food was served in a semi-buffet service. I say semi-buffet because it wasn't on an 'all you can eat' basis. It was self-serve, but visitors were limited by one plate's worth of food.

As far as most ryokans go, this one was definitely a bit of an outlier in terms of its lackluster provisions and hospitality, however, I suppose the old adage of 'you get what you pay for' applies to the mediocre, yet inoffensive, experience.

I couldn't exactly show off my wealth, so I didn't offer to upgrade our amenities, even though I wanted to treat everyone again. They already started to have suspicions about me when I treated everyone to expensive sushi. If I offered to treat everyone to a luxury ryokan stay, Terada-senpai and Lia would definitely start asking questions that I wouldn't have an answer to, regardless of how high my 'Cunning' stat was.

After the hostess led us to our rooms, we dropped off our luggage for the three day stay in our rooms. Terada-senpai wanted to change his clothes since the ride here was long and hot. While he was switching out his shirt for a tanktop, I started to probe him about Mio-san.

"So… Terada-senpai, you seem close with Mio-san…"

"Hm? Well, I guess? She's close to everyone in the class, though."

How clueless was this guy?

What kind of female classmate follows you along on a camping trip just to help out?

"You two seemed to have a good mood going on."

"I hope so. We're classmates, after all!"

Yeah, this guy was impenetrable.

This girl looked at him like she was about to go down on her knees to give him head as soon as he asked for it, yet here he was going on about classmates and whatever else.

Get a clue!

I decided to give up for now as we went out to rejoin the others. Sometimes there's such a thing as a lost cause. If he woke up in his thirties one day in a pool of cold sweat thinking to himself, 'Wait, was she flirting with me?!', it was none of my business. And to spare his sanity, if he called me years later to confirm his suspicions, I'd tell him that he was just imagining it. Nothing hurts a guy more than knowing you missed a girl's very obvious signals, you can trust me on that.

We met up outside the ryokan, with the girls taking a few minutes longer to freshen up from our trip. I noticed that Mio-san reapplied her makeup and even fixed her hair before she came out. Lia went over to me and whispered,

"...Poor girl was in a panic, asking us if she looked presentable."

"She's trying so hard, but…"

I looked at Terada-senpai, who had an oblivious, goofy look on his face as Mio-san talked to him. She was practically giving him 'fuck me' eyes, but he didn't respond at all.

Darkness joined us as well and lowered her voice.

"Um, Mio-san just asked me to give her as much alone time with Terada-senpai as possible…"

Was this really a training camp, or a lovers' retreat?

My questions were answered when Terada-senpai announced that our training officially started, causing Mio-san's face to fall from a cheerfully seductive look, to one of hopeless apathy. He instructed us to run three laps around the beach. Lia was wearing short-shorts and a loose t-shirt, while Darkness wore an active tank-top and compression shorts. Meanwhile, our so-called manager was dressed for a photoshoot, with that sundress of hers. She also constantly reapplied her lip balm and always checked a hand mirror.

…It must be tough, being a maiden pursuing a dense guy.

The beach run was easy for Darkness and I, who had superhuman stats, and Lia also managed to keep up. Of course, Darkness and I made sure to hold back, but it was impressive how Lia was able to keep up with us. Still, she was out of breath by the end of it, while Darkness and I hadn't even broken a sweat yet. We made sure to act like we were tired, though.

There was a community center near the beach, which we would use for our actual naginata training. We went back to our rooms to retrieve the equipment before heading to the center. We welcomed the cool air conditioning inside, as we waited in the lobby for Terada-senpai to get day passes for all of us.

We also reserved a room with mats for our training. Once we were properly equipped, we took turns sparring one another.

"You haven't gotten rusty at all, Satou-kun…!"

Terada-senpai said, once we started sparring.

It was all due to my maxed out [Spear] skill, so I felt a bit bad that he was praising me so much.

Not wanting to expose myself, or make Terada-senpai feel bad about his skills, I just played defensively and focused on keeping him at bay, as well as countering his attacks.

Once we were done sparring, I went to get some water. When I checked my phone, I was surprised to see a notification.

You learned a Lancer skill!

[Polearm Sentinel] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Keep opponents at bay using the superior reach of your weapon. When using a defensive stance with a polearm, gain a temporary +1 to your AC.

[Fancy Footwork] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You gain +5% movement speed when wielding a polearm.

[Lunge] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp)

Lunge forward 10-feet with your pole arm. Ignore +1 evasion points from the enemy when executing this move.

Since I had the hero class, I was now learning skills even from classes that I didn't equip yet.

I didn't really use spears so much these days, which was why I didn't take the Lancer skill.

But there was no harm in learning these skills, since I didn't need to switch classes now with the Hero class.

The Hero class really was incredibly OP…

We switched partners now, with Darkness sparring Terada-senpai and me fighting Lia.

Once Lia and I finished our spar, she said,

"...Darkness really improved so much, didn't she? I noticed it during our club activities, but… She really has worked so hard."

Considering how Darkness looked like she was dropped on a deck and flopping around like a fish when she first joined the club, it was understandable that Lia was impressed.

Thankfully, Darkness's hard work made it a natural progression, so Lia and Terada-senpai weren't suspicious of any unnatural growth.

Even if Darkness used the golem trap method like I did to gain a bunch of levels, I knew that she worked hard enough. She didn't take any shortcuts, so she deserved all the praise.

"Yeah, I'm proud of her."

Lia smiled, as I felt a bit embarrassed for admitting this.

"There's that nice side of you I like so much. Show it more often!"

"If I'm nice all the time, you'll just get used to it and it will become something you expect, not something you look forward to."

"...What kind of manipulative logic is that?"

Her smile dropped when I said this.

…I was just joking around, though.

Maybe.

Part 3

We went to the bath after finishing our training. Terada-senpai and I washed ourselves before entering the satisfying hot springs. Even if it was summer, nothing is more refreshing than a hot spring bath, especially after you dump a bucket full of ice-cold water on yourself beforehand.

At the very least, the quality of the onsen was quite good, compared to everything else in the ryokan, although that was more a testament to the natural formation of the springs, rather than human intervention. After the bath, we had some coffee milk before meeting up with the others on the beach again. The ryokan only offered the 'buffet' service at night, meaning we had to have lunch somewhere else. We found a yakisoba stall on the beach to have our lunch.

The remaining afternoon we had free time. Although I would have preferred to do something as a whole group, Mio-san clearly wanted to have some alone time with Terada-senpai. So, we gave some excuse about wanting to get a limited edition item at an arcade. It turns out, there was a limited edition item of the sort, but…

"...What is this ugly thing?"

I said, looking at the half-fish, half-cow plushie.

"We have to buy it since we made such a big deal of it…"

Lia said, even though she couldn't even look at it without making a face of disgust.

"If we try to get this, the store might think young people are actually interested in this…"

Darkness said, while glancing at the store manager, who seemed to be watching us intently.

That was because the crane game was full of these accursed plushies. No one wanted to play for one, obviously.

"Ahh… Whatever! Let's just do it!"

I said, while sliding a coin in.

Thankfully, with my 'Luck', I got it in one try.

The manager let out an audible 'tsk' when he saw me take the plushie out.

He might have broken even on his investment if we struggled with it. But now he still had a bunch of these ugly things and only a couple Yen coming in. I felt bad for him, so we went to other machines to pass the time. Darkness wanted to try a punching machine, but I warned her that she'd probably break the whole thing. She blushed and said,

"Y-You're making me out to be some kind of brute!"

"You aren't?"

"Of course I'm not! I'm a proper maiden who is very delicate and feminine!"

"I'm pretty sure a proper maiden wouldn't say that about herself."

A maiden doesn't even know about her own feminine charms. If I were to compare it to something, living as a maiden was an existence equivalent to an Eldritch sleeping god, one unaware of its own terrifying powers, yet inexplicably affects every facet of reality. A maiden's modesty had the same property of omnipresent naivete.

"…Come to think of it, Terada-senpai might be more of a maiden than you, Darkness."
"Kazuma, even if I were to brutally assault you now, I'm sure every legal system will free me from any criminal repercussions."

I immediately shut up, not willing to test a beyond max level Crusader's patience.

Hell, Darkness might be the most physically powerful human being on the planet at this moment.

Which circles back to my previous point, what a brute.

We went to a dancing game next. As expected, Lia crushed it.

I whispered to her when she finished a round,

"Don't you think it's risky doing an Axel Hearts song?"

"It should be fine. I'm wearing my disguise, after all."

She took one of her twin braids and playfully the ends on my face.

Once she saw that, Darkness pulled me aside and whispered,

"...Is Lia another girl you've greedily seduced, Kazuma?"

"Why are you even assuming that? No, she's just a friend."

She stared at me with wide eyes.

"B-But the Kazuma I know sees it as a blow to his masculine pride if an attractive girl doesn't want to sleep with him! You believe that men and women cannot be friends without sex being involved!"

"No, that's just your depraved fantasy."

Well, it wasn't like Lia and I didn't discount that from completely happening…

And anyone could see that there was a lot of chemistry between us.

And maybe a bit of sexual tension sometimes.

OK, maybe a lot.

But that still didn't mean that I was as desperate to get in Lia's pants as Darkness made it out to seem. I was capable of having respectful, platonic relationships with women.

Rather, I did sincerely enjoy the pure friendship I had with Lia. Sometimes, just getting to hug her or hold her hand, or do some friendly flirting was already exhilarating for me. I can't really explain it, but once you've had sex, especially a lot of it, you don't really hold it to such a high pedestal. There's other things in life that would give one the same amount of pleasure, if not more, than just straight up sex.

Maybe I truly have reached some kind of enlightenment…

Or maybe if I was deprived of it for long enough, I would soon be biking down a tunnel at night while yelling 'Sex! Sex!' over and over.

While Darkness and I were having this kind of meaningless conversation, we saw Lia approaching slowly. Her movements were stiff and apprehensive.

"Kazuma… Maybe we should leave."

Lia looked anxious.

In fact, it was the most nervous I had ever seen her.

Without making it obvious, she glanced with her eyes behind us. There, I saw a guy who was wearing an Axel Hearts T-Shirt. He also had his phone out, but he put it in his pocket when he saw us watching him.

He gave me quite a dark glare before leaving the arcade.

"...Hm? What was that about?"

Darkness, who didn't know about Lia's secret, was confused about the encounter.

But Lia and I exchanged knowing, concerned looks.

There might be a chance that this fan recognized Lia.

"...I think it's almost time for dinner. Let's head back now."

Without making my concern obvious, I made this suggestion.

Thankfully, Darkness agreed and we headed back to the ryokan, with that cow-fish thing in a bag.

On the way there, Lia said,

"Do you think he recognized me?"

"Even if he did, it's not like he has evidence it's you… And it's not like you were doing anything wrong. It was a bit creepy that he took a picture without permission, but… He might be harmless."

"Yeah, you're right."

I knew idol fans were very possessive, especially if their idols were seen around men outside of work and events. But with Darkness there, it was clear that Lia and I weren't on a date. Even the most schizo of fans wouldn't make a rrat about this.

…Who am I kidding, they definitely would.

Still, I looked to Lia and said,

"Don't worry, I'm sure it's fine."

"...I should have been more careful not to choose an Axel Hearts song… I've been way too relaxed."

"...."

I couldn't really deny that, seeing how I just happened to overhear the Axel Hearts girls when we coincidentally met at that hotel. But they were all just normal highschool girls. They shouldn't have to live in such secrecy just because of their public image.

"Forget about that creepy guy! You should treat your number one fan better! When are you gonna invite me to your next show, hm?"

She chuckled and said,

"I should just give you a permanent backstage pass. You're practically my support staff, after all."

"Not only that, but free merch, free signings, and early access to songs and music videos."

"How greedy are you?!"

Fortunately, I managed to lift her spirits.

Little did I know, Lia was right to worry.

Part 4

We went to the buffet, picked a table and filled our plates with food. Even though we were limited to one plate, I did have to admit that they had quite the spread. The fish was fresh, caught just this morning, and the vegetables were all locally grown. There was even some pudding and fresh fruit for dessert.

Terada-senpai went over our plans for the remaining two days, which was pretty similar to our first day. More importantly, going by Mio-san's reaction, no progress had been made between her and Terada-senpai.

Keep up the good fight, Mio-san!

Also, I get that you're frustrated, but you're showing too much cleavage with that outfit, Mio-san! You may be tempting the old men around us, but your crush is only paying attention to the food!

…Still, keep it up, Mio-san!

After dinner, we took another bath. It was even more refreshing this time, since it was cooler at night. Thankfully, it wasn't too humid as we were starting to enter fall. It was mid-August, after all.

When we got out, the girls were still in the bath, so Terada-senpai and I went to our rooms. We got changed into complimentary yukatas and watched some TV, although the only thing running was one of those long-running period dramas that have like 1,000 episodes.

"...I can't believe this show is still running."

I said, as I boredly watched it.

"Yeah, my mom has seen every episode since she was a kid, though."
"That's way too much commitment for one show."

I was about to say something along the lines of 'why can't old people just watch One Piece, like us?', but then I immediately realized the hypocrisy, the disgusting irony, in that statement.

While Terada-senpai and I were putting up with this show as we sat on our futons, there was a knock on the door. I got up to open it and saw the girls outside.

"Let's play some Uno."

Lia said, holding up a deck.

"How about loser has to go to 7-Eleven and get some ice cream for everyone?"

Terada-senpai said, grinning as we all gathered in a circle to play.

"Punishment games on a trip… That does seem very 'youth'-like, huh? Alright, I'm in."

Mio-san said, as she agreed to the terms.

This senior in high school seemed very intent on living out as many 'youth-like' scenarios as possible. I suppose this is a symptom that afflicts all high school seniors. Something like getting a boyfriend by the end of summer vacation must be the top scenario in her mind, though.

Of course, thanks to my high luck, I was the first to win.

And when determining the loser…

"Argh, I lost…?!"

Even though she was the one who started this game, Lia was the one who ended up losing.

Darkness grinned at Lia and said,

"Heh, get me a strawberry Haagen Dazs, OK?"

"Melona for me."

"I'll take a taiyaki ice cream."

Lia sighed as she got up. I stood up along with her.

"I'll come with you."

Aside from that encounter with that guy earlier, I wouldn't want Lia to walk alone in the dark, anyway.

She gave me an appreciative smile as we left together.

We stopped by her room first, so she could put on a hoodie over her Yukata. It was quite an odd-sight, but there was something cute about the mismatch.

Well, with a pretty girl like Lia, she could wear anything and it'd look good.

She could probably wear the most atrociously flagrant Jirai Kei outfit and still make it look appealing to the masses.

She didn't have time to tie her hair into braids, so she just put on a hat, along with her glasses.

"You're really such a gentleman, Kazuma."

She giggled, as she held my hand.

I appreciated the warmth of not only her hand, but the gesture. I smiled and said,

"Of course! I'm the very epitome of chivalry!"

"Where's your shining armor, then?"

"It's in my inventory, I'll have you know."

"What a man!"

With a teasing grin, she wrapped an arm around me.

"...Y-You betrayed me, Lia-chan…!"

We stopped in our tracks as we heard an unfamiliar male voice.

Standing in front of us, under a streetlight, was that guy from earlier.

I immediately stepped forward in front of Lia. She stared at him in shock and said,

"Um… Do I know you?"

"I'm your biggest fan, Lia-chan! Yet, here you are, cozying up with some guy! I-I bet he's your boyfriend, right?"

"...Look, I'm not her boyfriend, I'm just her club member."

I said, trying to deescalate the situation. But he wasn't having it.

"You think I was born yesterday?! I thought you were different from the other girls, Lia-chan… But you're just another whore!"

I could see the distress on Lia's face. I turned to her and said,

"Let's just head back."

"Like hell I'll let you leave!"

He ran towards us with a speed that no ordinary human should be capable of.

I saw a glint of steel appear on his hand. I dodged back, but his speed meant that he got a clean cut on me.

"Nghk…!"

The fact that he was actually able to damage me…

This guy was an app-user.

I was about to grab Lia and teleport away with her, not risking a fight with an app-user while she was around.

But for a moment, I couldn't move, not even to cast a spell.

Warning! You have been poisoned! You are unable to take an action for five seconds!

Using my paralysis to his advantage, he grabbed Lia, lifting her on his shoulders. She struggled, trying to kick away, but he was too strong. He then ran away with her.

A poisoned dagger…

Considering his speed and usage of poisons, he was probably a Thief or Assassin. Maybe he multiclassed to both, along with Dark Stalker.

How troublesome.

And I didn't even know what his cheat item or ability was yet…

As soon as I was able to move, I put on the earpiece and created a dungeon door in front of them. He gained quite a considerable distance with his speed, but I was able to immediately catch up.

"...?!"

He was surprised when I suddenly stepped out of the door.

He tried to attack me with the poisoned dagger again.

But I took out Chunchunmaru from my inventory to parry the attack.

"You're an app-user, too, huh?! I'll kill you!"

He attacked again, but when I moved to block the attack…

I suddenly couldn't lift Chunchunmaru anymore.

I was forced to abandon Chunchunmaru, or risk taking another attack from that poisoned dagger.

I didn't want to risk harming Lia, so I didn't fire off any spells or arrows.

This psycho could use her as a shield, after all.

"[Steal]!"

I went ahead to steal the dagger.

Even though I stole his weapon…

He grinned and another one appeared in his hands.

"You think I don't keep multiple copies? Any cheap dagger will do, as long as I can put poison on it!"

I guess as a Thief, he knew how effective the [Steal] skill was.

There was no point trying to see how many daggers this guy had.

Instead, I pulled out my Spear of Thunder to attack him.

But just like last time, the spear became too heavy, and I was forced to put it back in my inventory.

This guy might have some kind of weight manipulation ability.

But he wasn't using it on me to slow my movements or freeze me altogether… Maybe it only works on items?

"...Aren't you gonna explain your ability?"

I asked, as my mind raced for a solution to this.

"What, you think this is some kind of anime? Screw you!"

I guess he wasn't just gonna expose his weakness like that.

"[Create Water]! [Freeze]!"

Anything stronger than Elementary magic was a no-go, as Lia might get caught up in it.

So, I attempted to make him slip by creating a frozen puddle under him.

But I guess his 'Dexterity' was too high for that. He easily leapt away from the puddle.

"Using that kind of weak magic… You're a total noob, aren't you?"

He grinned confidently.

…What can I do? I can't use anything that would take too much firepower.

Should I summon Mary?

No, if he's outnumbered, this coward might use a skill like [Escape] to run off with Lia.

Even if I use dungeon doors, as a thief, he will have ways to elude my capture.

But it wasn't like I could use weapons against him… He'll just make it too heavy.

…Although, maybe I could also disarm him?

Something that would catch him off guard, unlike [Steal], which he was already used to fighting against.

I had an idea.
I hadn't tried this before, though…

Still, it was worth the gamble. One wrong move and this bastard will just run away.

And who knows what he'd do to Lia while I was looking for him.

I went ahead and used [Lightning].

But rather than use it offensively…

"[Meta-Control Spell]!"

I used the electric charge and converted it to a magnetic force that repulsed the knife.

"Gahhh!"

He wasn't expecting it at all and the knife was magnetically snatched away.

It was a rather complicated way to deal a nonlethal attack, but it worked…

Then…

I used my own superhuman speed to take advantage of his surprise.

I appeared in front of him, and used Sena's lessons…

"Gack…!!!"

…I hit him in the gut with an uppercut, [Unarmed Combat] adding to the potency of the attack.

And followed it up with a combo of punches.

Finally, I caught him with a knee strike.

I grabbed Lia before he fell over, unconscious.

"[Bind]!"

Once Lia was safe, I tied him up before he could wake up, then put him in a holding cell in the dungeon.

I'd have to send him over to Lizardia like with Wolbach, but I kept him in the cell for now.

"...You OK?"

I asked Lia, who was crying and shaking.

"W-What was that, what just happened?! Oh my god, Kazuma, you're hurt!"

I looked down at the cut that guy gave me. It was a small wound, so I didn't think much about it.

Even though such a wound would have made me cry out in panic early into my days as an App-User.

I chuckled and used [Heal] to close the wound.

Lia stared in shock as she saw my skin close up.

"How did you…"

After what she just witnessed, she probably had a bunch of questions.

"...Let's go somewhere safe for now. I'll explain everything."

She nodded, as I ushered her away into a dungeon door. She hesitated for a moment, but eventually followed me inside.

Part 5

Lia looked around at the main room of my dungeon. I gestured to the couch, as I went to the fridge to get some juice.

"Go ahead and take a seat."

She warily sat down, still confused by everything.

"...This all feels like a fever dream."

Maybe I could have gotten away with that explanation, but I wanted to tell her the truth.

"Sorry, it's all real. Here, drink this."

I gave her a glass of apple juice. She nodded and sipped it.

"So, who are you really, Kazuma…?"

I scratched the back of my head, trying to think of the best way to explain this.

"Well, one day, I suddenly gained powers by entering a dungeon…"

"A dungeon…?"

"You know, like in RPGs and stuff."

"And that guy, he had powers, too?"

"Yeah, but obviously, he's misusing them."

My image of app-users weren't improving at all after the stunt this guy pulled.

If they weren't going to take the fight against the Demon King army seriously, the least they could do was not cause problems.

"So, like… You're some kind of superhero?"

I chuckled at that, not expecting Lia of all people to call me a superhero.

"Do I seem like a superhero? I don't have a cape or a mask, do I?"

Her expression, which had been apprehensive so far, melted into a soft smile.

"Well, you did rescue me and all… That was certainly very heroic."

I gave her a smile back. I sat down with her and looked seriously into her eyes.

"Are you OK? That must have been really scary."

She nodded before looking down at her lap.

"Yeah. When he attacked you… I was so scared."

"Don't worry. He only did about 15 damage to me."

"...What does that even mean?"

Of course, she didn't understand. She went on to say,

"I never thought I'd get a crazy fan like that. It kind of makes me feel scared to continue as an idol."

She sank her face in her hands. It was a normal reaction. No matter how much she loved her fans, one psychotic fan would distort her perspective of the entire fanbase. Every time she performed, she'd look out at that crowd and wonder if there was some creep out there, watching her every movement, willing to cross the line if they had a chance.

I carefully put my arm around her. She didn't move away, leaning into the touch.

"Don't let that bastard get in the way of what you wanna do. You love Axel Hearts. I can tell."

After a moment, she let out a shuddering breath.

"Yeah, I do."

She stayed in my arms for a few moments, before she said,

"So… As a superhero, do you fight villains like that guy on a normal basis?"

She was still stuck on that whole superhero thing.

It was the most convenient explanation, so I just went along with it for now.

"Yeah. I've actually saved the world a couple times now."

"Really?!"

I wish I could say that I was exaggerating.

But with all those Demon King generals I defeated, I was telling the truth. The world was scarily close to being in the Demon King's clutches.

"...My best friend is a superhero… That's kind of crazy to think about."

She said, her hand going to my chest to idly draw vague shapes on it, as she laid her head on my shoulder.

"Well, you're the best friend of a superhero now, so I trust you to keep my identity a secret, all that typical superhero stuff."

She grinned, before saying,

"So, what are your powers like? Can you fly?"

I guess she'd get curious about that.

"...I can fly for a minute or so."

Using [Rune Warrior] along with wind magic, I could fly a little bit like I did against Mitsurugi, back when I was still a puppet. But it was more like hovering than flying.

"Only a minute? Why? That's not a lot…"

…Why did it feel like my manhood was being questioned when she says it like that?!

I coughed into my hand.

"W-Well, not all superheroes can fly."

"Then what can you do?"

"I can steal panties whenever I want."

"Are you sure you're a hero?! That sounds pretty villainous!"

She backed away, looking at me doubtfully.

However, she started chuckling again.

"Thanks, Kazuma."

"...Hm? Why are you thanking me all of a sudden?"

"I mean, you saved me, and now you're doing all this to make me feel better."

I glanced away.

"Not sure what you mean by that."

"You always do that, don't you, Kazuma? I noticed, you know? Sometimes you act like the butt of the joke when the mood gets too serious or tense, just to make the other person feel better."

Well, I guess she was right about that.

I couldn't really deny it.

"...Maybe we should head back to the ryokan. The others will wonder why it's taking so long."

"We don't even have any ice cream yet…"

I went back to the fridge and took out some ice cream.

"It's not their exact order, but I'll just let them complain a bit."

I opened a dungeon door near the ryokan. Lia looked out of it, gasping when she felt the cool, night air as she opened the door.

"...You can just create these doors anywhere?"

"Yeah, pretty much."

"So, you can take me wherever I wanna go if I call you?"

"You think I'm some kind of taxi service?"

I thought about it. Lia would be a lot safer if she had access to the dungeon door system.

"Give me your phone. I'll connect you to the system."

"Wait, you can seriously do that?"

I grinned as I took her phone.

"I'm a superhero, after all."

Part 6

Your bond with Konno Lia has reached its max rank!

Konno Lia (Idol-In-Disguise), Bond Rank: 7 (MAX)

There are no more secrets between you and Lia. You know that she's an idol, and she knows your role as the Hero of this world. She trusts her life with you, especially after you saved her from her crazy fan. In turn, you also trust her to always have your back, no matter what. With Lia, you have discovered the definition of a true friendship. You two have an unbreakable bond, but it is also one that will continue to grow from here on. Where will this road take you? That's up to you two!

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Showmanship]!

[Showmanship] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Display your showmanship and stylistic flare in combat to increase your damage output! At rank 1, style ranking is graded by S, A, B, C and D. Starting from the 'D' grade, you will gain a 0.5x damage modifier to all attacks. This multiplier will increase by 0.5 with each grade above 'D'. These rankings will go down due to inactivity. If you go 3 seconds without attacking, the grade will go down by one, disappearing entirely if it goes below the 'D' grade.

After reading this skill I gained from our max bond rank, I thought…

Wait, isn't this a combat skill?!

The rules were that those who didn't have much potential to become an app-user could still establish bonds with an app-user, however, they could only provide non-combat Bond Ranks.

Just like with my family, they only provided real-world benefits, rather than those that had to do with the dungeon.

Up until now, Lia also didn't even provide me with combat-related bond rewards. Most of them were [Versatile Entertertainer] rank-ups and stat raises.

But the very last skill was clearly a combat skill!

"Hold on, Lia. I wanna try something."

I said, just as we arrived at the ryokan.

I opened another dungeon door and asked her to follow me inside. She nodded and did as I asked.

I then gave her my Spear of Thunder.

"Whoa… Is this a real spear…?"

She said, examining the weapon. She was only used to using those blunted naginata, after all.

"Yeah, I want you to try killing a monster with it."

"Hah? How do you expect me to do that?!"

"...Just give it a try."

I created a common golem in front of her.

"This thing isn't alive. It's a construct I just made. Just think of it as target practice."

"Well… OK…"

With a practiced, proficient movement, she lunged forward and killed the golem in one attack.

All of a sudden, her phone rang.

She took it out and narrowed her eyes.

"Kazuma, there's some weird app on my phone now."

"..."

Just like I expected.

The same as with Rin, Lia had hidden potential inside her.

Although it wasn't as high as Rin or even what I started out with.

After all, she didn't show any combat skills until the final rank.

Still, this was huge news.

Not only could she escape from hostile situations now with the dungeon doors. I could even have her level up as an app-user.

And now that she has a Rank 7 bond rank with me…

[Power of Friendship] would also grant her the effects of the Hero class.

"Wait, is this the app thing you mentioned earlier?!"

Lia said, as she looked at her phone, scrolling through the app.

I nodded and said,

"Yeah, with this, you can be a superhero like me."

"...I'm not sure about suddenly getting powers, though."

"You'll be a lot safer this way."

In the end, Lia couldn't disagree with that logic.

Using the [Teaching] skill, it didn't take me long to teach her the [Create Trap] skill.

I then had her make some traps for the golems, to quickly gain EXP.

She gained 20 levels on the spot.

It was already getting late, so we headed back to the ryokan while the new golem farm was operating.

"...Does it really take that long to get ice cream?"

Terada-senpai said, when we finally made it back.

"We ended up hanging out at the 7-Eleven for a while."

I lied, which the others accepted without arguing about it.

Your 'Cunning' has increased by +2!

We played some more Uno, but the punishment games were restricted to those we could do within the ryokan, since it was already getting late. An hour later, the girls headed back to their rooms.

The next morning, I woke up early to meet up with Darkness and Lia. I asked them to create dungeon doors and meet up in the dungeon's main room.

Darkness and Lia were surprised to see each other there. I then explained how Lia was attacked last night, and how she also awakened her potential as an app-user.

"I see… So it's possible to have late bloomers."

"Wait, Darkness is a superhero, too?!"

Lia said, looking at Darkness with surprise.

Darkness gave her a guilty look and even bowed.

"...Sorry. It's because I'm an app-user that I made such fast progress with the naginata!"

Lia just smiled at her and said,

"Aw, come on, Darkness. I know how hard you've been working. Powers or not, I still recognize you as a hard worker, OK?"

"...Lia… Thank you. I feel much better now."

Even though I told Darkness that same thing, I guess it meant much more coming from Lia.

I clapped my hands together to get their attention back and said,

"OK, I'm gonna take Lia to the heavenly realm and get her a cheat-item or ability. Darkness, stall for time for us."

"...Why do I have to do it…? Well, fine."

There was going to be a morning meeting over breakfast, so I wanted Darkness to buy us some time.

Meanwhile, I teleported with Lia to the same door that I used to get Rin a cheat item.

Since Lia unlocked her potential, it automatically reappeared in front of our school.

That same angel that replaced Aqua was still there.

However, she had a briefcase open and was putting personal effects in it.

"Ah, sorry, we're about to close! Eh? Oh, it's Satou Kazuma-sama!"

The angel looked at me with admiration, clasping her hands together.

…Is it just me, or was she treating me way differently from last time?

"I am blessed to be in the presence of the hero!"

Ah, so it was about that.

I guess an angel would treat the hero who was tasked to defeat the Demon King with reverence.

"Wait, you said you were closing, Angel-san?"

She nodded as she continued to fold a dress and put it in the briefcase.

"Yes, I'm being reassigned. Since the hero has been chosen, there is no more need for prospective heroes. Besides, we've received reports that the prospective heroes are causing more trouble than anything…"

"Yeah, we actually captured one of those troublemakers last night."

The angel nodded at that and said,

"We are sorry for the trouble!"

I gestured to Lia and said,

"Can you make an exception for her? She's an irreplaceable companion for me. I can vouch for her as the hero."

The angel looked at Lia, then smiled.

"Oh, yes! Actually, lots of us angels are big fans of Lia-sama! There are even those shipping you two together!"

"Hah…?" x2.

Both Lia and I said, in tandem.

The angel blushed and put her hands on her face.

"It's the hottest ship in the office right now! Of course, the other girls are all very sweet and have excellent chemistry with Kazuma-sama, but that tense, 'will they, won't they' dynamic you two have going on is so gooood! Oh, but of course I'm also a big fan of Kazumin and Kazuqua! Aqua-sama is my superior, after all, so I've gotta cheer for her!"

What is this angel on about?

Were they really watching my life that closely?!

Did they have nothing else better to do?!

They were like those ghosts who now currently live in Norse! I guess ghosts and angels have a lot of spare time. Way too much, I'd say, if they get bored this easily.

Lia shook her head.

"...So are you telling me that even angels are shipping me? Seems I can't escape it."

Since Lia was a popular idol, she was constantly shipped with other talents. Of course, this was only restricted to female talents, as idol fans would never even want her to interact with a man.

How idol fans were convinced that their oshis were only attracted to the same sex was some next level delusion.

"A-Anyway, of course we can make an exception for Lia-sama… But…"

"But what?"

"Please give me some fanservice."

Out of nowhere, she took out a phone and turned the flash camera on.

"...What do you mean by that?"

"I want some Kazuma x Lia action! Kazulia! Liakazu! That's what I mean! Come on, do you know how long we have been watching you?! All that tension and no progress… Is this some kind of 80s shoujo?! Are you trying to extend the serialization, or what?!"

This angel was quickly becoming unhinged.

Her eyes were bloodshot.

Still, we didn't really have much of a choice.

Lia shrugged and said,

"It's fine. I'm used to baiting fans with shipping service, anyway."

So she was used to yuri baiting, huh?

Well, I guess her agency asked her to do that.

This wasn't yuri baiting, though.

And so, we were forced to do some romantic posing for the Angel to take pictures of.

Stuff like forming hearts with our hands, giving each other a passionate hug, even using props such as heart-shaped pillows and a red string that was tied to our pinkies.

The kind of poses you'd see on the cover of some generic shoujo manga.

"Ahh… I'm healed… Thank you very much~!"

"Are you done now?"

I said, wondering if the angel had her fill.

"Yeah, I'm done. OK, go ahead and choose your cheat!"

She snapped and a book appeared in front of Lia.

"...I don't really know what to choose."

Lia said, when she looked over the list of overpowered items and abilities.

"Maybe choose something defensive. We're doing this so that you remain safe."

"...Alright. Then, how about this magical keyboard? It creates barriers once you play a song… I can also play the piano, so it suits me really well."

A barrier ability, huh?

In terms of protecting her, this would certainly be very useful.

"That sounds good."

The book closed and a bright light spread from it. When I opened my eyes, I saw a keyboard appear in front of us.

"There you go! I hope it serves you well!"

We thanked the angel before leaving the dimension.

Once we were outside, there was a bit of an awkward mood between me and Lia.

"W-Well, let's head back to the others, then."

"Yeah, sure…"

Even though we were normally so honest with each other, I guess having our 'chemistry' spelled out in front of us by a third party, so directly, was bound to make us feel awkward.

…And I knew for a fact that we'd start to get even more conscious of each other from now on.

Ah, that shipper angel just had to say all that!
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lenskio, Dahaka1e, emptylot and 158 others
BoringBone
Sep 15, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 65: A Final Day For This Training Camp!
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Sep 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,588
Chapter 65: A Final Day For This Training Camp!

Part 1

Breakfast ended up being a trip to 7-Eleven. We had a potluck of fruits, noodles and tamagoyaki. We washed it down with tea. Since this place was a tourist hotspot, we even spotted one of those foreign travel YouTubers filming a video inside the 7=Eleven. Lia wisely stayed out of the recording, but Mio-san seemed to have a bit of a liking for the camera, always making sure she was in the shot.

When we finished our breakfast, we burned it off with a light jog on the beach, making sure not to overexert ourselves since we just ate. Once we finished our lap, we headed over to the community center. Lia checked her phone and said,

"It seems like my 'Stamina' went up a bit."

"It sure is convenient to keep track of your progress, huh?"

"Yeah… This makes me even more motivated to train, to be honest."

I knew the feeling well. Even when I was a lazy NEET, I felt a surge of excitement every time I saw my stats going up in real time. Of course, a lot of that initial wonder went away as I started gaining a whole bunch of levels and stats.

With Lia learning the [Spear] skill, as well as the Lancer skills, her movements improved dramatically during sparring. I felt bad for Terada-senpai, who was now the only one who wasn't an app-user. But he was still gracious in defeat.

"I see that this training camp has been benefiting you all a lot!"

Lia leaned in to whisper to me.

"...Do you think Terada-senpai can be a superhero, too?"

She was still calling app-users superheroes, huh?

"I'm already very close with him, but we haven't even developed a bond yet. I don't think he has the potential."

It pained me to say it, but if I could form a bond with Vanir, there was no reason I couldn't form a bond with Terada-senpai, who I considered a good friend.

We were given free time again after we finished the sparring session. This time, instead of heading to the onsen, we took a shower and planned on spending a day at the beach. Terada-senpai and I put on our swim trunks and took a duffel bag with sunscreen, extra clothing and blankets inside.

While we were packing up, I looked at some new notifications on the app.

You gained 5 levels!

You gained +5 Willpower from enduring poison!

You learned the skill [Poison Resistance]!

[Poison Resistance] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You can endure poisons of a 'Common' variety. Your ability to endure poisons is determined by your 'Willpower' (106).

…So surviving that poison from before earned me this skill.

I made sure to max it out right away, seeing how effective that poison was in disabling me.

But to max it out, I needed to max out the [Holy Rank-Up] feature first, as it seems to be a Crusader and Priest skill.

Thanks to the Hero class, I was able to access it without the Crusader class or the Priest class.

[Holy Rank-Up] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Passive Skill

All Holy-magic related skills have their max Skill Rank increase to Rank 20. You no longer have to spend extra skill points to level up Holy magic related skill past Rank 6.

[Poison Resistance] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Passive Skill.

You are completely immune to all forms of poison or hazardous effects such as toxins. This includes magical or natural poisons or toxins.

This skill gave me a lot of peace of mind.

If even a random app-user could poison me, then who knows what a more powerful being with poison could do.

Even if it was a huge investment in terms of skill points, in a field of magic I didn't really specialize in, I felt like it was worth it.

Now, as for my remaining points…

I decided to put four points into [Rune Warrior] next.

Since [Rune Warrior] belonged to the Rune Knight class, which wasn't an Advanced class, unfortunately, it could only go up to Rank 5.

Even with the Hero class, if there was no 'Rank-Up' class feature, I couldn't put it past a certain limit.

[Rune Warrior] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (10 mp)

Once you cast a spell, you can absorb it. Melee weapon and unarmed attacks are then imbued with the effects of that spell, which will change situationally depending on the spell absorbed. If the spell deals damage, that damage will be applied on-hit. This transformation will change your eyes and hair to reflect the nature of the spell absorbed. This transformation state will last 5 minutes and cannot be used again for another hour.

The transformation state went from 1 minute to 5 and the mp cost went down by ten. I wished that there was a higher ceiling to this skill, but considering its powerful effect, I suppose I should just be happy with the improvements.

As for the rest of the skill points, I decided to put it all on my 'Smithing' skills.

I wanted to make a weapon and gear to properly protect Lia. And [Smithing] was such an overpowered skill, anyway. There was no way to go wrong with it.

[Smithing Rank-Up] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Passive Skill

All Smithing related skills have their max Skill Rank increase to Rank 20. You no longer have to spend extra skill points to level up Smithing related skills past Rank 6.

[Smithing] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Active Skill (X mp)

You are proficient in creating and repairing items! The success rate of this skill is determined by your 'Creativity' (133). At Rank 20, you can create, combine and repair items of the 'Primordial' variety, although doing so will cost 100 mp to start 1 day of work, and 1 month of total work to finish the project. For 'Artifacts', you no longer have to spend time working to create them, as long as you have the materials. You cannot combine items of 'Primordial' or 'Artifact' variety.

"..."

Primordial… What the hell is 'Primordial'?!

I didn't even know anything went beyond artifact-level!

I snuck into the bathroom while Terada-senpai was still packing and went to the dungeon's main room.

I then activated the Crystal Ball.

A Primordial artifact is one that has existed before the universe has been created, at the beginning of time. It could be considered an artifact of creation, one that even predates the gods. It can represent a concept that is essential to reality itself, like 'death' or 'life'.

…What kind of crazy items are these?!

Rather, how would I even get to creating one of them!

As expected of a Rank 20 [Smithing] skill…

Its potential was absurd.

Part 2

Terada-senpai and I came out to the beach once we were done packing up. We waited for a few minutes until the girls came out.

They were all wearing bikinis, with Darkness wearing an orange bikini, Lia wearing a white one with a floral pattern and Mio-san putting out all the stops with a yellow, strapless bikini.

Mio-san… You sure are assertive.

But Terada-senpai wasn't even looking at them.

"Make sure you all stay hydrated!"

He said, while pulling out some water bottles from his bag.

Mio-san almost crushed that water bottle with a death grip.

I was really starting to feel bad for her now.

My eyes went over to Darkness and Lia next.

As always, Darkness had an amazing figure. Her bikini wasn't as revealing as Mio-san's was, but considering the size of her chest, it was somehow even more erotic, despite its tame design.

"You look great, Darkness."

She blushed and rubbed her arm.

"Not gonna tease me like you always do, Kazuma?"

"...You'd like that too much."

"So it's deprivation play today, I see!"

Anything is a play for this crazy girl.

As for Lia…

After everything that shipper angel said, I couldn't even look at her for too long.

Ahh… What is this pressure?!

I really do want us to stay friends!

But seeing her right now in a bikini, even with her class rep disguise on…

I started to remember why I crushed on her so hard, back when she was just an idol to me.

I thought I could just try to ignore these feelings, but she must have seen through my discomfort.
As we were setting up a blanket and putting our stuff down into the sand, she said,

"Kazuma, the fact that you're so obviously uncomfortable is practically a confession in itself."

"...C-Confession, what do you mean by that?!"

"I mean, if we're meant to be 'just friends', then why would you be freaking out so much like this."

"You have a point."

The more I freak out, the more I'll just end up giving those shipper angels what they want.

I bet they're up there in heaven watching all this right now and eating popcorn.

Or like that 4-koma of those four gaijin getting excited.

She patted my shoulder and said,

"Don't worry, bro. This doesn't have to be weird."

"...Hold on now."

Even if I want to stay friends with Lia.

Having a girl as pretty as her call me 'bro' is…

That's too much for my masculine pride.

"...Don't act as if you weren't acting shy either when that angel said all that!"

"Kazuma, what gives?! I was trying to throw you a bone there!"

"You wanna bone, huh?! Wow, you're so into me!"

In an attempt to regain my masculine pride, I ended up saying something ridiculous.

"The point is Kazuma, I don't like being weird around you."

I guess Lia saw through my act again.

Acting dumb, like the butt of the joke, just to get out of an awkward situation.

"...Yeah, I know."

Walking on eggshells around each other, as if we did something wrong, that wasn't like us at all.

At the same time, trying to go back to the status quo was pointless.

"This kinda reminds me of when I first told you my secret."

Lia chuckled, as she sat down on the blanket we finished setting up. I sat down with her, as we watched the others going to check the water out. Darkness let out a squeal when she dipped her toes into the cold water, while Mio-san was pulling Terada-senpai along to swim with her.

Back when she told me about her being an idol, and I practically confessed that I had a crush on her as a fan.

And somehow, we still formed a friendship knowing all that.

I guess nothing really changed since then. Right now, we were just forced to actually try and address that underlying truth once more, but with more scrutinization, with an actual answer rather than some vague compromise.

Wanting to keep our friendship, yet getting excited when I see her in a bikini. The joy that comes with platonic admiration, compared to the thrill that would come with a romance with Lia… All these different outcomes kept clashing in my mind.

If only we could just completely accept all of our emotions, conflicting or not, without one thing being exclusive from the other.

But unless we entered some kind of Evangelion-style instrumentality, that kind of perfect acceptance wasn't really possible.

"Sorry, I don't really know how to handle this."

I admitted, unable to put all my chaotic thoughts in order.

I could rationalize, justify, come up with something that sounds wise to conclude all of this.

Even come up with all the anime references possible to add some kind of humor in an uncomfortable situation.

Turn all this into a joke again, like I always do.

And it still wouldn't equate to the truth.

What is the truth to all this, anyway?

A cynical side of me wants to say that I already had so many romantic relationships, so I just wanted Lia to stay as my friend. That was the only reason why I haven't hooked up with her already.

But that would just be putting her in some kind of role she might not even want, just to satisfy my preference.

What if she does come to fall in love with me? What if she already has? Then this whole platonic box I was trying to shove her in would become more like an insidious prison, disguised as an expression of friendship.

As if I could even begin to come up with the truth.

So, instead, I just admitted defeat and told her that I didn't really know what to do. Like a coward, I just ended up running away from my problems again. She said,

"...Let's be mature about this, think about it as hard as we can, then when it's time to talk, let's talk it over like adults."

"...I guess you're right."

She smiled and leaned back on the blanket, propping herself up with her elbows.

"If what we have is truly precious, the harder it'll be to figure it all out. I believe in us, so whatever the outcome may be, I'm happy with it."

Once we were ready, we'd try to talk this out like adults.

Even if it hurts, even if the outcome tests our relationship.

Part 3

We joined the others in the water after our chat.

The water was too cold and needed a few seconds to acclimate to, but once we got used to it, we were splashing around and frolicking with the others.

Once we got out, we stepped into the sand, having it clump on our feet in a wet, grainy mess. Trying to scrape it off into the sand would just invite more debris, and there was no use washing it off in the water, just to accumulate more sand and seashell fragments. So we just accepted our fate as we moved to our blanket, our feet clumping up even more. Then we poured water on our feet before stepping into the blanket and drying ourselves.

The girls bought some sliced watermelon from the store. Unfortunately, we didn't have a whole one to crack, but the refreshing, juicy watermelon was still a welcome reprieve from the heat.

"Ah, Terada-san, why don't we go over there? Those rock formations look interesting…"

"Oh, are you interested in those as well? Isn't it fascinating how such big rock formations could form from the cementation of rocks and even the discarded shells of sea life? I hope we find some quartz, too!'

Of course this guy was interested in rocks. He just seemed like the type.

Mio-san looked conflicted, as she did achieve her goal of dragging him off to the spot that couples usually hide in to make out. Not like I believed she'd actually manage to do that.

Darkness wanted to get a tan, while Lia wanted to avoid that, considering the beauty standards of an idol. Wanting to stay away from the sun as much as possible, she made up an excuse after feeling tired from practice and made a dungeon door to go back to her room.

It must be a bit annoying having to structure your life around what your fans expect. It was an occupational condition, I guess.

That left me with the suntanning Darkness, who was currently laying on her stomach on the blanket.

While we were alone, I decided to tell her about what Lia and I discussed.

"...Kazuma, you really are a sex demon, aren't you?"

She said, unable to believe that I was considering expanding the 'harem' even more.

"You really think I'm just interested in sex?! I even told you that I'm fine with a platonic relationship, didn't I?!"

She chuckled and said,

"You know, in times like this, I get why you bully me so much. It's pretty fun, in a twisted way."

"So you were just messing with me, huh?"

She planted her chin on her arms.

"You can agonize all you want, but the only thing you can really do is open your hearts to each other. Expose everything you have. If she accepts it, then why not try dating her? It doesn't even have to be a full on relationship, right? Just have some fun while you can, like Rin always says."

"...I can't just use Rin's philosophy to justify having multiple lovers every time, though."

"Why are you worried about that now?!"

I sighed as I leaned back.

"Because at this point, I think that she's my best friend. And there's a clear distinction between a best friend and a lover."

"Ehh… So I'm not your best friend?"

"I mean, I'm trying to get you pregnant, I just said there was a distinction, right?!"

"...Then if she's your best friend, why would it mess up your whole relationship even if you make a few mistakes? Going back to what Rin said, remember, this whole 'harem' thing just started out as an experiment. We were free to stop it whenever we wanted. But we didn't. I mean, we're even determined to have your kids, you know?"

"...So you're saying that I should just try sleeping with Lia even though it's a huge mistake that will make things awkward for us?"

Darkness turned serious for a moment.

"In a bunch of erotica I read, it's fine for even best friends to play around a little, no?"

"...I regret turning to you for advice!"

"Then, would you ask that crystal ball for advice on this? Or even Vanir?"

"..."

I suppose that was an easy solution.

Using Divination magic, I could just determine the best choice.

It wasn't like this was a potentially world ending decision. Compared to everything else going on, my indecision with Lia was just a small speck in terms of cosmic significance.

But it was no less important to me.

Darkness gave a small smile and rolled over, sitting up to place her hands on my shoulders. She looked me in the eyes.

"Kazuma, you're the one who told me that it was fine to make mistakes. I failed with my accuracy over and over, and you told me to just keep trying. What if I just focused on defense and nothing else? Then I wouldn't even be able to land a hit on a goblin today. Stride forward, fall on your ass, get back up, only to slip again. Never knowing what's best, trying to seek a happy ending anyway… Flopping around cluelessly towards impossible dreams makes us human, right? Otherwise, just be like Vanir and peer into the future and find the best answer. But that's not really living life, is it? That's just letting destiny or whatever else dictate your actions."

I slowly nodded.

Maybe a part of me was still stuck in that dark room, never stepping outside just because of a fear of rejection and failure.

And look how that turned out for me in the past. I pretty much abandoned my childhood friend because of some stupid misunderstanding on my part.

"...Thanks Darkness. Talking to you helped a lot."

She waited for a moment, then said,

"Eh? That's it? You're not gonna add something snarky at the end to insult me?"

"I'm capable of having a serious moment, you know?"

"Oh. Right."

Without turning it into a joke, or dismissing my feelings with some insult, I just accepted Darkness's advice for what it was.

Part 4

We ended up staying at the beach for a while, so much so that we decided to just end up having dinner there. I rented some grilling equipment and we went to a designated BBQ area on the beach. I also paid for some meat to grill.

"Eh, Satou-kun, are you fine paying for all of this?"

Mio-san looked at me in concern.

Well, I guess that was the standard reaction from a senpai who just had her kouhai buy a bunch of stuff for her.

"Don't worry, I can afford it."

"Is your family rich, or something?"

"Something like that…"

Terada-senpai rubbed his chin.

"Come to think of it, Satou-kun also treated us to very expensive sushi last time…"

"Terada-senpai, the meat is burning."

"...?! Gah, sorry…!"

I managed to divert those questions, as Mio-san fanned the smoke away and Terada-senpai started flipping the meat on the grill.

It wasn't too dark out since it was still technically summer. A violet and orange sky marked the water with a heart-wrenchingly nostalgic glimmer. It was a mix of everything, a faint moon and stars, the illusion of day, a touch of humidity between short interruptions of cool wind, pushing in gentle waves falling into the sand, blowing in scents of salt and sea towards us.

The beach still had visitors, but the noisy families were replaced by drunk college-aged kids, or teens our own age posturing that they were as mature as those college kids. An officer patrolled the beach, making sure no underaged kids were drinking. Couples walked along the shore, holding hands, some of them stopping to look out at the waves, perhaps seeing their future beyond the divide of sky and water.

We were still in our swimsuits, but we put tops on to shield ourselves from the occasional chill. The grill provided welcoming heat. When the meat was done, we sat on the blankets in a circle and enjoyed the charred crust of the marinated pork. Biting into the flesh released succulent juices. The fat was rendered enough that it melted into your mouth. The marinade added a slightly sweet and spicy twist to the saltiness of the pork.

When we were done, I leaned in to whisper to Lia,

"Mind taking a walk with me?"

"Sure."

She smiled, as she got up.

Darkness gave me a knowing smile and worked to occupy the senpai's attention as Lia and I walked off for some privacy.

Lia was wearing a light sweater over her swimsuit. I had to stop myself from looking at her legs, since it looked like she was wearing absolutely nothing underneath that sweater, as her swimsuit was hidden underneath. All I could see were those long legs of hers.

"So, what did you wanna talk to me about?"

She said, sighing as she put her hand on my chin and brought my face up.

…Well, that's one way to tell a guy you can tell he's ogling you.

"I wanna do what you said, talk about this like we're adults."

"I see. How should we go about this, then?"

"Well, let me start off by saying I have multiple lovers already… And most of them are trying to give birth to my child."

"..."

She didn't even respond with that.

"I'm not joking this time."

"I kind of wished you were!"

She had an expected reaction.

"...Also, Darkness is one of these lovers."

"Somehow… This might be more surprising than the superhero thing."

She sighed again. We resumed walking, even as a silence befell us.

I didn't know what she was thinking about, as she kept a blank expression.

"...Well, at least you told me now. We did promise to talk about this in a mature way, after all."

"Yeah. I didn't wanna keep delaying it."

"You really are a scummy playboy, huh…?"

"I can't really deny it."

Maybe if I also didn't sleep with Kuroko, I might have been able to say, "I can't help loving those that I love!".

In truth, I was just a horny bastard.

If I had an opportunity to sleep with the others in Axel Hearts, I probably would have done it.

That's just the kind of scum I am.

"You know, this might sound crazy to you, but I'm the kind of girl who wants my lover all to myself."

"...Well, that's normal."

"And I'm not even sure what we have between us yet, so… How am I supposed to react to this?"

She put her hands behind her back and turned to me,

"In the first place… How can you even love so many people? I feel like it's not even possible."

"...I know it's hard to believe, but I've felt it. These are people that would die for me… And I've literally died for them."

Once you've been on the brink of death, once you've actually died and come back to life, you discover a lot about yourself and the people around you.

I guess the first and most important thing you figure out is that life is too short. You might as well do what you want.

Even if it's unconventional, even if most people wouldn't understand it.

Strange circumstances have brought me and those girls together. We would have never met, much of all fallen in love with each other, if we weren't constantly threatened with a multi-dimensional war, or the threat of dying at any day. So, it was understandable that those strange circumstances would lead to strange consequences.

Those who haven't had their head cut off by the personification of winter, or had to befriend a Lich, only to one day face her in a war that could decide the fate of humanity, can't judge or even begin to understand us.

But Lia, who had a small glance into this strangeness only a day ago, had a slow look of understanding in her eyes.

"...I think I can kind of understand. When that crazy stalker hurt you… I thought it was over. I thought that was the last I'd see of you. At that moment, I started thinking about life without you. What we could have done, what I wanted to do…"

I chuckled, glad that she could understand what I meant, even if a little.

"It kinda gives you a unique perspective, huh?"

"Yeah, I guess it does."

She looked into my eyes and said,

"Maybe I would have realized it later, or maybe somewhere down the road, while we were in college. Or maybe twenty years later. Whatever the case, I realized it at that moment."

With a confident smile, free from the doubt that accompanied our conversations before, she lifted her arm and pointed at me.

"I love you."

Part 5

With an unfaltering smile, she declared it to me.

She lowered her arm to her side and turned to look out at the silent waves of the sea.

"Of course, I had my doubts. I mean, maybe I was just affected by a case of suspension bridge phenomenon… some kind of misattribution of romance. You did save me, after all. But I think I've realized that what I felt was real, especially after what you just said. I get what you mean, even if it sounds crazy. I don't know when that Demon King or whatever will come, but it'll be really dangerous, right? So, I don't want to have any regrets. Even if this is a mistake, even if I really don't love you, I still want to make that mistake now, rather than regret it later, when it's too late to make any mistakes at all."

I stepped closer to her, observing her eyes, trying to see if there was any kind of misunderstanding in them, but I saw that she meant every word.

With her confession, I also saw my feelings for what they were.

I mean, who was I kidding? I was endlessly fascinated by Lia.

Everything she did, everything she said, I didn't want to miss any of it.

Even when we were just chilling at her place, watching Netflix, cuddling on her couch, I felt like I won the lottery just getting to spend those quiet moments with her.

You know you've found someone truly amazing if every moment with them feels like a privilege.

"...Yeah, I love you, too."

And it was a love that I couldn't even put a label to.

It was the kind of love where I wouldn't even be mad if she decided to go off with some other guy some day. The kind of love where I just wanted her to be happy, no matter what.

"Great, then it's mutual."

"So, uh, you're fine with all the other girls…?"

"Of course not."

"...Eh?"

I paused, not expecting that answer.

"I mean, why would I want to be part of a harem? I'm the kind of girl who wants a loyal man!"

"But you said you…"

"I mean, I love you, but it doesn't mean that I'm just going to completely overhaul my life just to be with you."

"Then… What are we gonna do?"

She chuckled and said,

"I'm not gonna be mean enough to say 'chose me or them'. I mean, maybe I'll change my mind in the future. As for what we're gonna do… Well, I suppose we can go on a few dates? See where this goes? Who knows, maybe I'll find out that I don't actually like you as boyfriend material. I mean, you are a despicable playboy…"

"...I-I'm sure that won't happen."

I felt a bit ashamed, thinking that she'd want to jump into joining the others already. Of course she'd want to take the proper steps. I said,

"Well, in terms of dates, tomorrow's our last day here… Wanna do something?"

"Sure, got anything in mind?"

"Maybe we can just walk around the town, see if there's anything interesting? Sometimes there's special locations that give bonus stat increases and even skills. We could look around for those."

"OK, then. It can double as a date and as an orientation to all the app stuff. I still have a lot to learn in terms of that."

And so, the date was set.

She stepped forward and hugged me. I slowly embraced her back.

"...I'm glad we could have this talk."

"Yeah."

"No matter what happens, I'll always love you."

Just like she said, maybe it would have happened sooner or later, or as long as 20 years down the road.

That stalker attacking us might have expedited the process, but…

We would have realized it eventually. The fact that we'd always be friends, the fact that we'd never be apart. It was that kind of love, formless, beyond any classification.

…

…

We walked back to the others and helped them clean up. Afterwards, I changed into a fresh yukata and headed to the onsen with Terada-senpai. We sank into the water and sighed in contentment.

"Say, Satou-kun, is there something going on between you and Konno-san?"

I was surprised this dense guy even noticed.

"Ah, well… We're going on a date tomorrow."

"Heh… You two are enjoying your youth, huh? I'm jealous."

This guy was saying that, even though there was a girl pining for him. He said,

"I still remember when Konno-san first joined the club. I was surprised, since she didn't seem like the type to be into naginata. I was also really nervous, because I knew it would just be us with the senpai leaving. I didn't think that she'd stay in the club long. I mean, why would a younger girl stay in a club with some guy she barely knew? But she ended up staying, and I'm glad she did."

I smiled, I could tell that Terada-senpai really cared for Lia.

"I feel bad, since I'm not even a full member, yet I was invited to this training camp…"

"...If it weren't for you, I'd be the only guy around. Of course, I had to invite you."

Ah, I guess there was that kind of reason.

Once we were done bathing, we dried off and put our yukatas back on. We enjoyed some hot milk once more, before we met up with the others in the recreation room. Like I said before, there was a ping pong table, but it was old and beat-up. I decided to do this ryokan a favor and used [Smithing] to repair it.

"Hm? Is it just me, or does this ping pong table look better now?"

Terada-senpai said, when he saw the repaired table.

"I guess they fixed it."

We had a tournament of sorts, but since there was an odd number of people, we had to get creative with the brackets.

At the last match, it was between Darkness and me.

…Her 'Dexterity' has improved to the point where she could even be a finalist in a ping pong tournament, huh?

Granted, Mio-san was her first opponent, and she was terrible.
"Hmph… You may have gotten lucky so far, but you won't beat…"

Darkness made her serve.

It flew by so fast that I could barely see it.

"..."

Let's just say that Darkness, who didn't have accuracy issues anymore, was a powerful opponent.

"Oh? What's this, Kazuma? Can't even finish your sentence?"

She gave a smug grin, as she served again.

Darkness ended up winning the tournament.

Her ego also shot up and I had a feeling she'd never let me live this down.

I could no longer call Darkness a clumsy Crusader, or a useless meathead.

…Well as unfortunate as this may be, I was still proud of her.

And it was cute how she was acting all smug towards me.

I already know she'd immediately crumble in bed when we get back from the trip, so I'll just let her enjoy her moment.

Part 6

Once we were finished with our final practice session of the trip, Lia and I met up to start our date.

Even though it was just a date, I still got nervous. I had been looking at myself in the bathroom mirror, until Terada-senpai knocked, saying he had to use it.

"Yo."

Lia said, raising her hand in a casual greeting.

She had on a casual white dress with blue trim, with blue ribbons around her twin braids that matched it. She titled her glasses up as she lowered her hand.

"...With your disguise on, it's like I managed to convince the strict class rep to go on a date with me… How exciting."

"Are you really using my class rep look as some kind of fetish fuel?"

She grinned, elbowing me playfully.

"Well, you can use my soccer star identity as fuel for your own fantasies…"

"So the class rep is going on a date with the soccer star, huh? I guess that is the subject of a lot of fantasies…"

"So, my ever diligent class rep, where do you want to go first?"

"I wanna go to the arcade again and see if they had anything better than that Sakushi plush…"

That half-fish, half-cow plush was sitting somewhere in the main room of the dungeon. I almost wanted to throw it away, but that seemed wasteful.

Eager to get a better souvenir from this town than that thing, I agreed and headed to the arcade with Lia.

Thankfully, this time there was a new shipment that was a lot better than the Sakushi plush.

"Ohhh! This is really cute…!"

Lia said, practically pressing her face against the glass.

Inside were some fox plushes.

Wanting to show off, I immediately got the prize for her in one try.

"Whoa, you're really good at crane games, Kazuma."

She said, smiling as I handed her the fox plush.

"What are you gonna name it?"

I asked, mentally filing away the cute image of Lia showing her girly side and hugging that fox.

"Hmm… How does Konjiro sound?"

"Sounds good. Although I'd prefer a girl…"

"Why are you talking about it as if it were our child?"

Ah, I was getting ahead of myself.

We played a few more games there before we headed out.

We hadn't had lunch yet, so we looked for a cafe to have some food in.

Unfortunately, it was all tourist trap places that charged way too much.

Well, money wasn't really a concern for me, so I just went ahead and let them rip me off.

We had some katsu sandwiches and cakes for dessert. The sandwiches were pretty dull, but the cakes were actually pretty good. I doubted the cafe made the cakes themselves, though.

"Hey, Kazuma."

Lia said, as we stepped out of the cafe after finishing our meal.

"Yeah?"

"Is this really a date?"

That's one of the worst things you can hear a girl say during a date!

It's almost on the same level as having a girl ask, 'Is it in yet?'.

She noticed me panicking and chuckled, waving her hands around.

"Ah, no, that's not it! I've just never been on a date before, so I don't really know what separates a date from just hanging out…"

"Well, I guess it's confusing since we just call everything a date here…"

I heard that abroad, the word 'date' wasn't as all-encompassing as it was in Japan.

Here, even just going somewhere with a friend could be called a date. I said,

"I guess what matters is the intent."

"Meaning?"

"Well… Like romantic intent, I guess."

"Oh, is that so?"

She smirked as she looped her arm around mine, before her smile fell.

"Wait, I normally do this with you, anyway."

"I guess it's really not that different from what we normally do…"

We even kiss each other on the cheek and stuff.

"This is quite the predicament, huh? It's not like I can just invite you to a love hotel just to make this more date-like…"

"Hah?!"

I exclaimed, shocked at Lia for even suggesting such a thing.

"Well… We're in an odd crossroads, you see. We're normally so intimate with each other already, so nothing we can do is actually date-like. But if we kiss or even sleep with each other… Well, I feel like that's too much just for our first date."

I guess this really was a predicament.

Rather, Lia is able to say all this stuff…

Well, I did notice she was blushing as she said it.

I see. She was really committed to being as mature as possible about this.

Keeping her promise of not keeping secrets with each other, as we properly figured out our relationship.

Then, I should do my part, too.

"W-Well, like I said, the difference is the presence of 'intent'. That is to say, as long as both parties accept the romantic implications, then it's a proper date, not just a friendly date…"

"I suppose I can accept that explanation."

"Humu."

"Then, what's next for our itinerary?"

As we were walking, we saw a movie theater.

"Watching a movie together seems very date-like, doesn't it?"

"Ah, that's true."

We headed inside together and I paid for the tickets and popcorn.

We picked a romance movie, which reminded me of the last one we watched.

The one with the unexpected sex scene…

And of course, this one just happened to have one, too.

However, unlike last time, it was on a movie screen, so it was hard to look away.

And Lia was also holding my hand.

"Ahn… Ahn… Oh, this feels so good…! Fuck me harder, baby~!"

Aren't movie sex scenes supposed to be a lot more subtle?!

And this one wasn't even simulated, I could straight up see their genitals connected!

This is straight up porn!

I didn't even have the balls to look at the kind of reaction Lia was making, and it would be even more awkward to let go of her hand right now. I did notice her grip tightening, though…

And to make this even more embarrassing…

"I'm gonna do that to you right when we get to the love hotel after this…"

"Eh~ I'm looking forward to it~!"

There was a couple sitting beside us who started flirting during this scene.

Geez, get a room, you two!

…Well, it already sounded like they were planning on exactly that.

Part 7

When the movie ended, we stepped out of the auditorium. We had free refills for popcorn, so we took advantage of that and went to one of the standing tables outside the food court. While munching on popcorn, we talked about the movie. Lia asked,

"How would you rate it?"

"...Well, I'd give the sex scene a 10/10 for realism…"

"Do you even remember anything about the plot?"

"No idea."

We only went for a romance film since it seemed more 'date-like', but the movie itself was pretty mediocre.

The sun was already setting by the time we finished. We found a park to walk around in. There were kids chasing each other around, housewives watching over them. The sharp tones of the swingset rang out from the playground, as well as the gleeful squeals of kids going down the slide.

I was reminded that no matter the age, people were always amused by the simple things. Kids were excited by slides, meanwhile, my heart was beating hard in my chest after Lia intertwined her fingers with mine.

"Well, the movie was bad, but how would you rate this date?"

Lia asked, while swinging our hands between us.

"Perfect score, of course."

"I'd have to agree."

We went into a companionable silence while walking around the park. She set her sights on the scenery around us, to the trees, to the beach beyond. Meanwhile, I'd sneak glances at her.

…I must have really been fooling myself, thinking I could stay as 'just friends' with a girl like this.

I guess it just went to show just how much I really valued our friendship.

All of a sudden, she started giggling.

"...What's so funny?"

"I guess… I'm just happy? Sure, the whole Demon King stuff is scary… And I don't know what will happen in the future, but we've still got our whole lives ahead of us. I just started thinking about how many more dates we can go on… And even if this doesn't work out romantically… Well, I just wanna keep talking with you, Kazuma. I just wanna keep having fun with you."

Her saying that honestly gave me a critical hit.

If I wasn't sure I loved this girl before, I was sure of it at that moment.

Making promises at this point is beyond stupidity.

But there was one thing I could promise her, without any doubts or regrets.

"Yeah, we'll have lots of fun from now on."

She grinned, before leaning in for a kiss on the cheek.

Of course, I gave her one back.

We held hands on the way back to the ryokan.

…

…

We had our final dinner with the others. Afterwards, we headed back to the beach at night.

We bought some fireworks and lit them at the beach.

A scene like this, it was the epitome of youth.

While we were playing with the sparklers, Darkness went over to me.

"...So… What's the news with Lia? Is she gonna join us, or…"

"Well, she said no about that… But we did go on a date."

"I'm confused about what's going on between you two."

I guess that would be the normal response by an outsider.

"I mean, if you were to ask a normal girl, 'wanna join my harem?', of course she'd respond like this."

"A-Are you saying we aren't normal girls?!"

Was that ever in question?

Even Rin, who seemed like the most normal one in the group, was the one who approved of me having multiple lovers, in the first place.

"I suppose we'll just have to slowly convince her…"

When she said that, I narrowed my eyes and said,

"Now we look more like a cult than ever. By the way, how did it go between Mio-san and Terada-senpai?"

"About that… She actually told me she's gonna confess tonight!"

So she was gonna use this final night to confess, huh?

For some reason, I got nervous for her.

"...When and where?"

"Don't tell me you're planning to spy on them…"

"Then you can stay in your room."

"Of course I'm coming along with you!"

We went to Lia and told her what Mio-san was planning to do.

"...Shouldn't we just give them their privacy?"

She said, placing a hand on her hip.

…She really was the voice of reason.

And so, Lia chose to stay in her room while Darkness and I chose to be eavesdropping little rats.

Meanwhile, Mio-san asked Terada-senpai to stay and walk with her on the beach.

Darkness and I followed behind them while I used [Lurk] to hide us.

…It's probably a bit overkill to use a stealth skill on those who weren't app-users.

"Thanks for coming along with us on this trip, Mio-san. You were a big help."

"I'm glad to help! So, um… This is our last summer before we graduate, huh?"

"Yeah, time sure flies, doesn't it?"

"Y-Yeah, it sure does! We're graduating soon, huh… Do you have any regrets? You know, something you didn't do while you were in highschool…"

"Well, I do have one regret… And it involves you, Mio-san."

"...!!! W-What is it…?"

Darkness and I both held our breaths. He was gonna be the one who confesses?!

"I regret not asking to be our manager earlier! It was too awkward for me to go on a training camp trip with just Konno-san, but if I had you come with us on Golden Week, we could have gone on a trip for sure!"

"..."

This guy…!

I almost broke out of my stealth and just told him to date the poor girl already!

"Hah… Guess I'll just have to do this the hard way… Terada-kun!"

"W-Why are you raising your voice all of a sudden…?"

"I actually don't care about naginata at all!"

"Eh?! But you said you were a fan, so you wanted to be our manager for this trip…!"

"Well, I lied! I lied because I wanted to get closer with you… Ugh… I'll just go ahead and say it! I like you! Will you please go out with me!"

She went with a rather standard approach, bowing her head after she made that strong declaration.

Well, with a blockhead like Terada-senpai, I guess this was the only approach that would work.

"Eh?! But… Why me? You're the most popular girl in our class… So why would you want to…"

"Yeah, and the most popular girl in the class chooses every moment to talk to you and even volunteers to become the manager of your club, despite having no interest in the sport! Come on, put two and two together!"

"Oh."

So this guy finally got it.

He groaned, putting his palm over his face.

"...Sorry, I didn't get it until now, Mio-san."

"Apology accepted!"

This must be a cathartic moment for her, since this dense blockhead finally saw all the blatant clues she was giving out.

"W-Well… My point still stands. Why do you even like me?"

Mio-san blushed as she looked away.

"When I was in a group with you for a project, we were paired up with a bunch of honors students. I had a lot of ideas, but they just ignored them. Maybe because I was part of the popular clique, they didn't think that I would have any smart ideas. But then you spoke up for me and said that you liked my idea… And explained how my ideas fit the theme of the project more than theirs. That was the first time I felt like someone really saw me for who I am, you know? So… I guess I started liking you then!"

"...Wait, that was at the start of the year, right?"

"Yeah."

"So you mean to tell me… I could have dated Mio-san for a whole year now if I noticed that you liked me…?"

Well, at least he didn't realize this until it was too late.

It would have been devastating for him if she never confessed and he just realized it 20 years later.

"T-That doesn't matter now! So… Do you wanna go out or not?!"

She clutched her skirt, as she awaited his reply.

"Y-Yeah… Of course I do."

Mio-san smiled, before tears came down her eyes.

"Finally… You dense, clueless, musclehead, idiot!"

I guess, after holding it in all this time, she couldn't help but let all her emotions out.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:kinggamerlite29, Lenskio, Dahaka1e and 154 others
BoringBone
Sep 25, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 66: Blessing This Librarian With A Trip! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Oct 11, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,603
Chapter 66: Blessing This Librarian With A Trip!

Part 1

"Ah, that was so satisfying! It was like watching a romcom reach its conclusion!"

Darkness said while sighing, as we headed back to the ryokan.

We had just witnessed Terada-senpai and Mio-san officially becoming a couple, and Darkness was over the moon.

It only took 15 minutes until Terada-senpai got back to our shared room. I pretended to scroll through my phone as he came in, all the while waiting if he'd mention anything about him and Mio-san.

But this guy just changed into his yukata and turned on the TV after greeting me.

"...Ahem… Terada-senpai, what were you doing earlier? Out on a walk?"

"Ah… Something like that."

He was the type who didn't like to talk about his love life, huh?

Even though he was asking me about Lia earlier!

"Ehh… Was that all that happened, I wonder?"

"Yup."

He was giving me nothing.

He wasn't reacting at all, that I almost thought that I imagined the whole thing.

I secretly texted Darkness to ask her about Mio-san.

Only for Darkness to say that while Mio-san was in a good mood, she wasn't divulging any information as well.

Did Terada-senpai ask her to keep it secret?!

…I should have seen this coming.

Considering that he is like your typical, dense romcom MC, I should have known that he'd be too embarrassed to have us know he was now dating Mio-san.

But I want to tease them so badly!

Unfortunately, there was no way to do that without exposing Darkness and I as eavesdropping, little rascals.

And so, with a heavy heart, I just let the topic drop.

"It's kinda sad that our trip is ending tonight, huh?"

Terada-senpai said, as he took out some leftover snacks to munch on. He offered me some, and I accepted a bag of chips.

I nodded as I enjoyed the seaweed potato chips.

"Yeah, it was fun."

Aside from the date with Lia, I sincerely enjoyed spending time with everyone, and getting to know Mio-san, as well as witnessing that confession of theirs.

I even felt closer than I ever was before with Darkness, after she gave me that advice.

Which was weird to say, considering we were planning on having a child together. I guess there really were no limits when it came to bonds, rankings aside.

But it was that same knowledge that assured me that there were going to be more fun times ahead.

…That is, if we succeed in taking down the Demon King.

The possibility of a happy future was only possible with our unconditional victory.

"Senpai, let's do this again some time."
"Hm? This is my last year, though."

"It doesn't have to be as a club. Let's just go somewhere as friends."

"...Yeah, I'd like that."

Whether it was having barbeque at the beach, or just relaxing together, I wanted more fun times like these.

I know that those nosy angels were always watching us, so…

I guess I'll pray a little.

May everyone stay safe and happy.

May our youth never end.

Amen.

Your 'Faith' has increased by +2!

…

…

We checked out of the ryokan the next morning and went ahead with our commute home.

Of course, I kept a vigilant eye on Terada-senpai and Mio-san.

They tried to hide it, but I didn't miss those glances they shared.

Hoho… This is kind of addicting.

I could kind of understand those shipper angels now.

Once we arrived at the train station, we said our see you laters.

But before parting ways, I caught up to Lia.

"Hey, wanna come to my place sometime? To meet the others, I mean."

She tilted her head at me.

"...You gonna try to indoctrinate me into your harem?'

"It's not that! You're an app-user now, so I want to get you up to speed."

She nodded at that.

"Well, if it's just that, sure. But no harem stuff."

She really distrusted me that much?

I looked at her luggage and noticed that Konjiro was tied in a bag on one of the handles.

"Aside from that… Can I take you on another date soon?"

"...For a guy who's busy with saving the world, you sure seem to have a lot of free time."

"It's not like I can just wait around and do nothing before the bad guys attack. I'd go insane if that was the case."

She smiled and tapped her finger on her chin.

"Well… I guess I can spare you some of my time. How about a date after my next concert? You said you'll come watch, anyway."

"Going on a date immediately after your concert… As an Axel Hearts fan, I feel betrayed!"

"Even though you're the one I'm going on a date with?"

"Even more so! How dare you go on a date with such a scumbag!"

She dramatically put the back of her hand on her forehead, swaying her head back.

"I just can't help but be attracted to jerks!"

"Nice guys finish last!"

"Well, at least they finish."

I blinked, as Lia gave an innocent smile.

"...Did I just hear a dirty joke from Konno Lia-sama?"

"Hmm… I don't think you did?"

"No, that was definitely a dirty joke!"

She stuck her tongue out, before stepping back with her luggage.

"Alright, gonna head home now. See ya, Kazuma."

I chuckled and nodded.

"Yeah, later."

We pulled each other into a hug, exchanged kisses on the cheek, before she waved and went back home.

"...You know you can just portal your way back home, right?"

"Oh, right. That's gonna take some getting used to."

After I reminded her, Lia opened a dungeon door and went home.

Darkness, who was watching us from afar, revealed herself and said,

"Fufu… This show was also entertaining."

"I guess I can't really criticize you after we both spied on Terada-senpai."

I opened a dungeon door for us, leading back to the mansion.

"Papa! You're back!"

Aika-chan said, leaping into my arms when I got back home.

She seemed to have missed me during my trip.

As for Mary, she was actually there to greet me… Although she had a tablet in front of her face.

"Hey, my card got declined. I wanna Superchat my favorite streamer, so can you give me another one?"

…Let me say this now, Aika-chan is my favorite daughter.

Part 2

"How was your trip, onii-sama?"

Iris asked, when I went to the living room, followed by Aika-chan and Mary.

Aika-chan was using my arm like a pullup bar, swinging on it, while Mary still had her eyes glued to that tablet.

…Did this Tranquility Girl really turn into an Ipad Kid?

As for Iris, she was sitting on a couch, writing on a notebook. When I looked at its contents, I saw that she was writing her summer journal for school.

Working so diligently… What a good girl!

She was even asking about my trip. I sure was blessed to have such a good imouto!

"It was fun. A lot of things happened…"

"Yeah, you turned Lia-chan into an app-user and you went on a date with her, right?"

"...Aika-chan, what did we talk about respecting my privacy?"

"I thought that only extended to those bond rank messages…"

Well, at least she remembered to keep her promise in that regard.

I wouldn't want another incident like what happened with Dust.

Iris looked up from her journal and said,

"Onii-sama… Don't tell me there are more girls who are coming to join your… 'group'."

Since she was a good girl, she didn't outright say 'harem'.

Although we all knew what she meant.

Aika-chan shook her head and sat beside Iris.

"Nope! Actually, she disapproves of papa's harem! I don't like how she implied that my mama is crazy for approving such a thing, though! I guess she just doesn't understand the perspective of a goddess!"

Of course, Aika-chan would defend her mama's honor.

Darkness went into the living room as well after getting some juice from the fridge. She set her luggage beside the coffee table. Following her was Rin.

"Hey, senpai. I heard you got busy during the camp?"

She said, with a raised brow.

"Ah, well… It just happened to turn out that way."

"Want me to talk to this girl? I'm sure I can convince her."

Why was everyone intent on trying to convince Lia to join?

Well, Rin was very convincing…

"I'll just respect her wishes and see how this plays out, thanks. Besides, she's coming over soon to introduce herself… But no recruitment offers, please."

"...Hey, senpai, do you think we're weird?"

Where did this come from?!

Well, I guess after seeing Lia reject the offer to join the 'group, the other girls would start to question themselves a little.

After all, Lia was a good barometer for how a normal girl would act.

Rin was also like that… But she was oddly comfortable with sharing me with the others.

I guess that was why she was doubting her normalcy now.

"I mean, at least I'm not crazy enough to get pregnant during highschool like the others…"

"D-Do you think I'm crazy, Rin?!"

Darkness said, blushing as Rin said this.

"I think we're all on different spectrums of crazy!"

"But you're saying that I'm at the furthest level, right?!"

Was that ever in question?

Darkness wasn't as crazy as someone like Megumin and Aqua, but she was getting up there.

Mary looked up from her tablet for once, only to say this,

"Ah, I heard about this. It's the hotness to crazy scale. The hotter a girl is, the crazier they're bound to be."

She really was on the internet too much. She was learning things like this.

…Well, she did have a point.

Aqua was the craziest… And she was literally a goddess with a kind of beauty that no mortal can match.

And Megumin and Darkness were very gifted genetically…

"Oi, senpai, why are you looking at me like that?"

"A-Ah, nothing…"

"You just thought, 'Oh, Rin isn't that crazy, that's why she isn't super hot like the others', right?"

"I never said that?! I never even thought about it!"

"But on a subconscious level, you did! That's why you looked at me!"

What was I supposed to say?!

Rin was very beautiful, but if she was against something like a goddess, I'd be lying to say they're equally beautiful, right?!

That's just the objective truth!

Mary looked at Rin and said blankly,

"Don't worry, there's a market for 'girl next door' types. Plain Janes actually get a lot of love, because most men know they're never gonna get a girl that's way beyond their league… Well, you are in a harem full of girls like that… Hmm… Maybe you got powercrept?"

"P-Powercrept?!"

"I mean, Satou-san is even dating an idol now, apparently… What else could be happening here?"

"Mary, I'm taking away your electronics."

"I'll shut up now."

Mary immediately stopped talking and went back to her tablet.

As for Rin, rather than getting angry, she just chuckled.

"It's fine. I like Mary-chan. She's blunt, but she's really funny."

As expected of Rin, she just took it in stride.

Mary seemed confused by Rin not getting angry and said,

"...I'm surprised that you did not take offense to what I said."

"Well, maybe you don't really get humans yet. If you love someone, their looks aren't the most important thing. It's your experience with them, your affection for them. That's why I was confident in letting senpai have other girls. We've been through so much together, and I know he truly cares for me. I'm not gonna get insecure now."

"I see…"

Mary looked thoughtful. Even as she tapped on her tablet, I could tell that she was thinking about what Rin said.

I guess there was still a lot to learn for this daughter of mine.

…And I shouldn't be playing favorites.

Just because Aika-chan was easier to raise, it didn't mean that I should put one over the other.

Besides, the system already warned me that it would be hard to deepen my bond and understanding with Mary.

She was a Tranquility Girl, after all… A monster.

The fact that she could get along with us now like this was a miracle.

I gave an appreciative look to Rin for teaching Mary that little lesson.

After that, I left Iris alone to finish her work and I went to my room to unpack my stuff.

A few moments later, though, I heard a knock on my door. Darkness came in.

"...Um, we didn't really get to spend much alone time during the trip, so…"

"What a lewd girl we have here."

"I-It's not lewd! What's wrong with wanting to spend time with my l-lover?!"

I chuckled, then stepped closer instead of continuing to tease her.

"Hmm… So, what will it be today? You want some normal lovemaking, or…"

I reached around and pulled her hair back, making her gasp as her head went up, exposing her neck. I trailed a hand along it.

"...Want me to treat you like the filthy whore you are?"

"Y-Yes, master…!"

She said it wasn't lewd, but here she was, getting turned on immediately.

Part 3

I grinned while gripping Darkness's neck.

"Hoh… You must have been really backed up during that trip, huh? What a naughty sex slave I have… Then again, it's really not surprising, considering the only purpose of your existence is to be an outlet for my sexual desires!"

"Uuuu…!"

Darkness squirmed around, obviously getting very aroused by this.

I reached down and slipped my hand up her skirt, rubbing her pussy through her panties. She seized up at that contact.

"Hoh… I can even feel how wet you are through your panties… What a dirty little slut we have here… You really do need some punishment… [Bind]!"

"Ahh…!"

I took out some rope from my inventory and tied Darkness's arms up. I then used [Smiting] to create a post at the top of the door to lift her bound hands up.

"Heh… You look like a sex slave being displayed for auction…"

I reached up and started unbuttoning her blouse, looking down at the smooth skin of her cleavage.

"...What a sinful body you have. It's the only good thing about you, though."

"Mnnn!"

She moaned, her head going back against the door frame as I squeezed her tits through her bra.

I then freed those big breasts of hers by unhooking her bra from the front. I tossed the bra away as it came down.

I groped those supple breasts, hands digging in, manipulating the flesh as I wished.

"Ahh… Mnnn…"

"Must you really moan like a whore the whole time? Have some decency, slut!"

I created a cloth gag and used [Bind] to quickly wrap it around her mouth.

"Mnnph! Mnnn…!"

I knew Darkness was practically gushing at this point. No foreplay necessary.

I dropped my pants, showing her how hard I was.

…Of course, I was also pretty backed up during that trip.

I acted as if I was doing Darkness a favor here, but I would have probably visited her after I finished packing.

Seeing Darkness in that bikini before without being able to do anything was pretty tough.

Still, I kept going with my act of a sadistic slave master and pulled her drenched panties down.

"You're so wet… Are you sure you're not actually a succubus? A Devil masquerading as a Crusader, huh?"

"Mnnph!"

She moaned through her gag, as I lifted her legs and pressed my cock deep inside her wet pussy.

I knew I had to keep up my act, but I couldn't help but let out an adoring moan as I felt that tight, developed core of hers.

God, she felt amazing.

Being inside a woman with superhuman strength gives her pussy a clamping squeeze like you could never imagine.

I grit my teeth as I kept up my insults.

"This doesn't even feel good… You loose whore! You probably let any man have their turn with this filthy, free use body of yours huh, you sow!"

I carried her by her hips as I thrusted upwards, bouncing her against that door. Even if the rooms were soundproofed for this exact purpose, I was a bit nervous that they could hear the doorframe itself shaking. But I also couldn't really stop, as I was deep inside her.

She was awash in pleasure, moaning through the gag, blue eyes trembling with each hard thrust I gave her. Her body was affected by her superhuman nature, but mine was, too. My cock was way harder than it had ever been, before I became an app-user, and I knew she felt every inch of it, since she trembled and had mini-orgasms, seemingly with each stroke.

Her naked tits swung up and down with each bounce, the bindings keeping her arms up, also keeping her in place as I suspended her against the door. Her torso seemed magnetized to me, bending forward as I fucked her against the door.

And then finally…

"Mnnnn! Nghh… Hnnnngh!"

All the small orgasms culminated in the biggest one. She bucked her hips against me, head planting back against the door, the gag around her mouth becoming undone as she screamed in pleasure.

"Coming before your master… Even as a sex slave you manage to disappoint me!"

"I-I'm sorry master… P-Please let me make up for my incompetence!"

I let her down from the binding and she immediately went down on her knees in front of me. I stuck my cock in front of her face. Without being told, she opened her mouth and let me in.

I had to stifle my moan again as I felt her lips around me. Those blue eyes obediently looked up as she started sucking her cheeks in, not even wasting time in trying to finish me off with her mouth.

Normally, I enjoyed having a girl suck me off for a long time, building up the pleasure to its peak.

But this was nice, too. Seeing Darkness on her knees, tits out, head bobbing as she tried her best to get me to bust.

I held her blonde head, thrusting into her mouth, fucking it as she also licked and sucked me off.

"Mnnn… Take it! Don't spill a single drop, whore!"

Then, I grabbed her hair and thrusted deep inside her mouth, before unloading my seed down her throat.

"Ahhh… Hahhh… That's it… Swallow all of it, useless slut!"

Once I pulled out, I smeared the leftover cum on her cheek, while I watched her swallowing my cum.

After we calmed down, I said,

"...Sorry, I gagged you, so I didn't know if you said the safe word or not… Maybe I shouldn't have done that?"

"No, that was a good touch, Kazuma! A sex slave shouldn't be so insolent as to speak while her master rapes her! You truly know what you're doing!"

With Darkness, I didn't even know why we came up with a safe word.

In fact, I was the only one who had a need for it.

Still, we had some proper aftercare after washing off. We cuddled on her bed, talking about the trip, but mostly gossiping about Terada-senpai and Mio-san.

Part 4

You gained 5 levels!

You also gained +8 Magic Power, Mana Capacity and Intelligence!

I received these notifications as a result of the golem farm and the clones eating monster meat.

They had used up the DP gained from Kazumall to breed a bunch of Lake Dragons.

And just like getting lucky with a gacha pull, they managed to breed a mutant Lake Dragon.

Using this mutant Lake Dragon, they had been breeding it to create mutant offspring.

Which they then ate.

I put away the phone after receiving those updates. Darkness stirred beside me on the bed, thoroughly enjoying her aftercare. She laid her head on my shoulder and traced a finger on my chest.

"I'm surprised the others haven't all come barging in, demanding your time yet."

She said, looking at the door, as if expecting Aqua or Megumin to come busting in at any moment.

"Well, the house is quiet, so I bet they're in the dungeon by now."

"So you have some peace before they rip you apart tomorrow, huh?"

Was it really gonna be that intense?

It was still afternoon, and while it was tempting to laze around with a naked Darkness in bed, we eventually got up, washed up and went back out.

I saw Rin still in the living room with the others. It had only been a few days, but I already missed her a lot. I gave her a subtle look and she grinned and excused herself from the others.

We met up in the kitchen and Rin leaned back against the wall.

"What's up, senpai?"

"...Well, I really missed you. Wanna go on a date right now?"

She grinned and placed a hand on her hip.

"Hmm… I don't know. It's kind of hard to top an idol…"

"You're getting a lot more comfortable with teasing your senpai now, huh?"

Well, it was still really cute, this slightly mischievous side of her.

"You know, senpai, we have those dungeon doors, but we don't really use them that much to see the world. Isn't that kind of a waste? I mean, here we are, risking our lives to protect the world. We might as well explore it, right?"
"Hmm… Well, we do have access now to most places."

After the U.S. gave us special rights, other countries soon followed suit.

In the event of the Demon King army invading, of course they'd want us to be able to go to their countries and protect it if need be.

So, rather than some kind of special privilege, really, we were doing them a favor.

"Where do you wanna go?"

I asked Rin, and she smiled and said,

"Well, I've always wanted to go to France! Paris, specifically."

I guess that would be a pretty common dream destination for girls.

Just to confirm that we could actually go to France, I went to Sena, who was in the study, which also functioned as her office.

"...What?"

She said, with a low growl. I winced a bit at seeing her state. Her hair looked uncombed and there were bags under her eyes.

"You OK?"

"Hah. I've had a lot of work recently."

"What happened?"

"Well, after your report of monsters coming in, of course the world's governments are in a panic. They've been rather trigger happy with reports about U.M.A. sightings now. Even a post on a forum about big foot sightings is getting serious government attention."

Considering the reality of the situation, even the crazier conspiracy theories didn't seem so ridiculous, not when literal demons and monsters were coming out of portals into our world.

"...I mean, I know you got a promotion, but why are you even being tasked with the affairs of other countries?"

She gave me a blank look.

"This is the fate of the overly competent."

I averted my gaze, not really having a way to deny that.

Since Sena was very good at her job, it seems that a lot of important work beyond her paygrade just ended up falling on her lap.

"I'll make sure you're properly compensated, at least. Ah, by the way, I have a question… Rin wants to go on a date to Paris. Do we have permission to go there?"

"Yeah, that should be fine."

"You want anything as a souvenir?"

"Maybe some croissants?"

"You got it."

She gave me an appreciative look, before going back to her paperwork.

Poor Sena.

Maybe later, I should take her out to her country of choice after, like Rin was requesting.

I went back to Rin, telling her we had permission. I saw that she had already changed into a checkered dress and had put on some makeup.

I also put on a change of clothes, some jeans along with a button-up shirt I kept untucked, sleeves rolled up.

Both of our clothing was affected by [Cosmetic Armor], giving us some protection in case of an emergency.

"I'm ready, senpai!"

She said, looking excited for this date.

We held each other's hands and stepped into the dungeon door.

The dungeon door led to an alley and when we stepped out, we merged into the streets. The first thing we noticed was that there were so many obvious tourists.

Well, we were also part of that crowd.

"...This place is packed."

Rin said, looking a bit intimidated by the crowd.

Her mood changed when she looked ahead and saw the most iconic scene in Paris.

"Ohh… Look, senpai, it's the Eiffel tower!"

Even though we were some ways away from it, Rin took out her phone and already started taking pictures.

"It's probably better at night. Let's walk around for now."

She agreed and while holding hands, we explored this touristy area.

While we were walking, I received a notification on my phone.

Trendy cafe detected! Receive +2 'Charisma' and 'Attractiveness' when visiting!

Of course, Paris would be full of such trendy areas.

And unlike the trendy areas I encountered before, I bet the 'trendy' status never goes away, either.

We went into the cafe, since Rin also received the same message. Other than the stat increases, she was also curious about it.

"Whoa, these croissants are so good!"

She said, chewing the buttery croissant we ordered.

I made sure to take out a box for Sena, with a bunch of flavors aside from the original. The pistachio one looked especially good to me.

"Hah… Getting to travel abroad like this in a matter of seconds sure is a treat."

Rin said, after she enjoyed her croissants. We left the cafe after I stored Sena's share in the inventory.

"That's true. We don't even have to worry about customs."

"It feels like cheating, doesn't it?"

After that, we walked around some more. We had an artist draw us, and checked out the rebuilt Notre Dame.

There were so many things to do, but it was already getting dark, so we went to the Eiffel Tower.

"Ohhh! It's so pretty!"

Rin's eyes were practically sparkling as she took pictures of the lit up Eiffel Tower.

As for me, I found myself just watching all her little movements. She was so cute with everything she did, that I found her reactions better than the actual sites themselves.

Hm, maybe I should go on these dates abroad with Rin and the girls more often.

…Although if I were to bring Megumin abroad, we'd probably be labelled as terrorists.

Part 5

After we visited the Eiffel Tower, and Rin had her fill with selfies and solo-shoots, we decided to spend a night in Paris and booked a hotel.

It seemed that in foreign countries, it was a bit harder for minors to book a hotel on their own, so I had to use the [Disguise] skill to make myself look older.

Rin laughed as she saw my disguise of an older gentleman.

"I mean, it looks realistic, but is that what you'd really look like when you get older, senpai?"

She said, while looking at my approximation of what thirty year old me would look like.

"Hmm… What's wrong with it?"

"Well, why are you so much taller than you are now? How did you even do that, are you standing on stilts?"

I made some artificial limbs using my golem skills along with [Disguise]. The result was something like a golem suit I wore over my arms and legs.

"...Men don't stop growing until they're 21. There's still hope."

"If you say so, senpai. Rather… How come I don't get a disguise?"

"That's too much work. You'll be my daughter for now."

"...?! I'm too old to be a thirty-something's daughter, you know?!"

"Well, compared to French girls, you look like you're much younger… They probably won't bat an eye."

"Senpai, you should reserve that kind of teasing for someone like Darkness-senpai. If you say that to a girl like me with a functioning common sense, I will get sad, then get angry, and you won't like that…"

Why did that actually sound so threatening?!

To avoid Rin's wrath, I made myself look a bit older.

And so, we easily reserved a room in this way.

I splurged on the room and got ourselves access to the hotel's restaurant as well.

Once we received the keys, we headed to the restaurant for dinner.

We were given a fantastic seat that gave us a view of Paris at night. Aside from the Eiffel tower, the whole city was equally spectacular, with its many lights.

Rin sighed while taking in the sight.

"This is so romantic…"

"One of the many, many benefits that come with dating me."

"Yeah, that's true."

Since she didn't argue back, I found myself getting embarrassed. She giggled when she noticed.

"Senpai, you really should work on buffing your defense stat… You're all offense but no defense."

"More like you've just gotten way too good at exploiting my weak points."

"In more ways than one."

She impishly stuck her tongue out at that.

"Rin… You've lost a lot of your innocence, haven't you?"

"And who's fault is that?"

"I suppose it was my fault for converting the little librarian into the kind of girl who'd make dirty jokes so casually."

"Oh, please. I've always been like this. I just got a lot more comfortable with you. Just like how senpai quickly dropped the perfect gentleman act when we started to actually date."

I glanced away, making her chuckle.

"W-Well, I like the 'real' Rin better than the perfectly cute and innocent Rin…"

"Aww… You're so sweet, senpai! If our bond rank wasn't already maxed out, I bet it would have gone up for sure right there!"

The banter quieted down only when our first courses arrived. We enjoyed the soups, savory quiches, a roast chicken for the main dish, finishing it off with a chocolate souffle with ice cream, and lastly, petit fours.

Then once our dinner was over, we went to our rooms.

"Fufu… I guess the night is far from over, huh, senpai?"

Rin said, as I started to embrace her from behind and kiss her neck, as soon as we were alone in the room.

The curtains were drawn, giving us an even more impressive look of the city. Moonlight parted the shadows, revealing the antique furniture of the room. Rin chuckled as I kept kissing the back of her neck, reaching up to undo the hair she tied up, letting her hair fall loose. Dyed strands were lit silver by the moonlight as they fluttered down to her exposed back, tastefully displayed by her dress.

"...You really are no longer the innocent little Rin I knew…"

I said, as she pressed her back against me, letting me feel the little rump of her butt, squishing against my growing erection.

"Like I said… I've always been like this?"

"A horny little thing?"

"You actually believe those urban legends of girls being less perverted than guys?"

"Of course. Girls also never pee or poop."

"Hmm… Maybe other girls do, but I don't!"

"Are you an idol?"

"You have a fixation with idols, huh?"

"Ugh…"

She stuck her tongue again, easily scoring a point on me.

She turned around and wrapped her hands around me, before tiptoeing up for a kiss.

Our lips sought each other's as my hands crept up her lithe figure, enjoying the fine material of the dress I created for her. The dress was black, open at the back, with the chest closed, except for a little window below the neck and above the cleavage. The hem ended at a point in her hips that was polite, yet not at all modest. My hands went to that tempting line, feeling her bare thighs.

"...I wanna cum all over that dress."

"Ehh… It's such a nice dress, though."

"It can be easily remade."
She giggled, as we kissed again.

We headed to the bed. I knelt down as she sat at the edge of the bed. I reached into her dress, pulled her panties down, then spread her knees apart. She bit her lip and placed her hands on the sheets, gasping as I went down on her, my head going up the hem of her dress. My lips brushed wetly against her pussy lips, before I parted them with my fingers, slipping my tongue inside.

I flicked my tongue back and forth, then circled them around, earning more gasps and moans.

"Senpai…"

She gasped as she felt her first mini-orgasm. I waited before continuing, earning more delightful sounds from her, as she trembled while getting increasingly wet.

"Hnnnghh…!"

I pulled away only when she had a big climax, putting those preluding ones to shame. You know you've accomplished your mission as a man when a girl's thighs almost crush your face together, and she's grunting in exertion rather than letting out sweet moans. There was an almost guttural quality to those groans of pure pleasure, as she eventually fell back on the bed, panting for breath.

Part 6

I got up and mounted Rin, watching her as she breathed, her chest falling and rising.

"...You're way too good at that."

"Thank the [Bedroom Skill]."

"You could just take credit for it yourself. What a modest senpai I have."

"I'm God's blessing to women. I am the avatar of charisma. I am a certified cunning linguist."

"Dial it back down a little, senpai."

I touched the tip of my cock against her wet entrance, still twitching and swollen from my tonguework. Even with how tight and small she was, it was easy to fit my entire length inside like this. I savored the feeling of her walls clenching down on me, the slipperiness of her juices, the warmth that instantly welcomed me in.

"This pussy must be magical."

"I'm glad you like it so much."

"Maybe we can just stay here in this room for a week or so, just order room service, and have sex the whole time."

"You can save that kind of stuff after we save the world."

"Ehh… The world doesn't deserve saving if it's gonna get in the way of my fun time with you."

I said, while I started to move. Rin chuckled, before letting out a low moan as I caressed her folds, twisting my hips at the right angle so that my tip prods her weak spot, hooking up to the roof of her tunnel.

"The world should come first, senpai."

"Nah. If the world is doomed, then let's just build a space station out of golem materials and fly off to outer space. The Demon King can have this space rock. Let's look for another one."

"...That overly specific scenario tells me you considered this before, senpai."

She pouted, while clenching her pelvic floor down on me, making me grunt from the tension and pleasure around my cock. I almost lost control right there.

"Rin, you know I can't handle it when you do that."

"Well, I can't handle it when you make all these doomsday plans!"

"Nothing wrong with being prepared for the worst."

"Just like getting the other girls pregnant, huh? I swear, you guys are too extreme sometimes."

I chuckled, pressing my forehead and looking deep into her eyes, before kissing her.

"...I can count on you to keep me grounded."

"Really? Because it sounds like you're ready to launch off orbit with a golem rocket at the slightest sign of trouble."

She gave me another squeeze, causing me to gasp and buckle.

"...Rin, do that again and I'll 'launch off' right now."

"Do it. Cum for me, senpai."

"I told you not to… Nghk!"

Mid thrust, I stopped as she squeezed even harder than before. Her core stopped me in place and I finally released all the pleasure and tension building up in me, sending ropes of cum inside her.

"Oh, god… Hahhh…"

I let out a shuddering breath as I collapsed on her.

"Senpai… You're too heavy."

"It's your fault. Try moving now, you little seductress."

"If only my Strength stat wasn't so low!"

"If it was any higher, you'd probably crush my penis one of these days."

I pulled out, some leftover cum dripping down to her dress, just like I wanted.

She sighed and rolled over, presenting her ass to me.

"I already know you're not done yet, so just go ahead, senpai."

"You sure? I could always have the others take a turn."

With how high all my physical stats were, I pretty much had no refractory period these days. I could keep going as long as I was aroused.

That meant that the girls had to take turns just trying to drain me.

Well, Darkness also had the stamina to keep up, but she was the type who had intense climaxes that drained her stamina all at once.

Rin chuckled and said,

"Tonight's our date night. I'll just have to walk on crutches tomorrow."

"...The fact that you're not even joking gives me an ego boost like you couldn't imagine."

If I wasn't careful, I could actually blow her back out.

Well, that was what the [Heal] spell was for, I suppose.

…No, holy magic probably wasn't intended for fast recovery after too much superpowered sex.

My distorted common sense due to app-related developments has struck again.

Still, with her permission, I slipped inside her pussy once more.

I held her tiny waist and started thrusting from behind.

"Ahh… Ahh… You're really trying to break me, huh, senpai?"

"You asked for it."

I leaned down to breathe in her natural scent through her hair. I slid my hand in it as I burrowed my cock deep inside her.

"I like your usual hairstyle, but I also like it when you let your hair down like this."

"Oh? I should do it more often, then."

"Nah. Just keep it between us."

"You're trying to gatekeep my hairstyle to yourself?"

"Pretty please?"

"Geez… You're so demanding."

I dug my face in her long hair, as I kept my steady, deep strokes. She shook, having another climax, and I finished myself off not long after, pulling out to cum all over her dress and exposed back.

"...Senpai, sometimes I think you just like to see your cum all over a girl."

She said, sighing once she felt the sticky mess on her back.

"Sorry. I think it's an ego thing."

"Something about wanting to mark a girl as your own? Marking your territory?"

"You make me sound like a dog."

"That was the implication, yes."

"You don't like it?"

"I like it when you get all possessive. But I'm gonna need a shower now."

"Hold on a bit. I'm still hard."

"Really? You're gonna let the cum dry while you keep having sex with me?"

"Pretty please?"

"Senpai, you can only say 'pretty please' so many times before the other person gets mad."

"Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty please with a souffle on top, drizzled with chocolate syrup and cream?"

"Ugh. We just ate a souffle, and you're making me crave more."

I idly rubbed my cockhead on her left ass check, tracing a formless shape on it. Extra cum spilled out onto her skin, and I smudged it against her soft ass cheek.

"We can order room service."

"You're gonna make room service come in here, with the room smelling like sex?"

"[Wind Breath]!"

With a powerful gust of wind, I directed the air into the open window outside.

"...Get dressed and order that souffle."

"Just one more round before we take a break, pleeeaase?"

"I'm starting to regret acting tough now! Maybe we should teleport you back home to the other girls!"

After letting me do it for another round, Rin and I ordered a souffle.

Then, we kept going at it all night, until the sun was out.

Part 7

The next morning, I had to heal Rin, since I really did go overboard the previous night.

I also had breakfast brought in by room service, after clearing out the air, of course.

Rin was wearing a robe as she sat up on the bed and ate the crepes with fruit.

"...Is it bad if I say that I could get used to this kind of luxurious lifestyle?"

"You gonna ask me for a Birkin next?"

"Senpai, I promise I'm not that kind of girl!"

We checked out of the hotel after breakfast and headed back to the mansion through the dungeon door.

When we got back, the others were having breakfast.

"Oh, they're back. Kazuma… You went to France after your camping trip, huh? When did you become the kind of extrovert who does that?"

Aqua said, while chewing on a piece of honeydew melon.

"Do I really seem like that kind of loner to you?"

"...Does Kazuma-san have something against loners?"

Yunyun got offended by that. Megumin turned on her seat and said,

"Kazuma, you have a lot of explosion sessions to make up for!"
"Are you really that backed up?"

"It's your fault that I can't be satisfied doing it by myself anymore!"

Mitsurugi narrowed his eyes behind the steam of his coffee wafting up.

"...The fact I can't even tell if that's an innuendo or not is concerning."

Chris sighed as she scratched her cheek, which had a faint blush.

"I'm also scared that I'm kind of getting used to hearing those kinds of things."

Rin and I already had breakfast, so we just chatted with the others as they ate.

While we were talking, naturally, we ended up talking about the dungeon. Mitsurugi said,

"We're gonna go to the 90th floors now. These floors are way stronger than the previous ones. They're all raid bosses. The enemies include creatures like dragons, beholders, vampires, titans… And on the 100th floor there is…"

He paused and glanced at me.

"...A Lich."

A Lich, huh?

I suppose that would be good training for our fight with Wiz.

Also, I suppose that it wasn't surprising that the final boss of the dungeon was a Lich.

Apparently, no one had actually gotten to beating the final boss of the dungeon.

Barely anyone even reached the 90th floors, much less beat the final raid bosses.

The Dullahan raid boss from before was something like a mid boss that would introduce the players to the mechanic of raids.

But the Dullahan itself couldn't hold a candle to these last stretch of bosses.

Before tackling such bosses, I wanted to do some prep work.

I went to my room afterwards to learn [Tornado], before I had to go on an 'explosion session' with Megumin later in the afternoon, at her usual time.

Then after my study session, I went to check on Vanir since it's been a while.

This time, I went directly to his personal dungeon.

"Oh, if it isn't the boy. Hmm… You seem to be in a good mood. How unfortunate."

"Is that really something to call unfortunate?"

Since he couldn't detect any misery in me, he wasn't interested at all.

"How is the dungeon doing?"

"...Well, there is a bit of a problem. There have been a few parties that have made their way to me now… And it seems that they have warned the others about what the boss battle actually entails…"

So, he was saying that rumors were spreading that this dungeon was a sham after all.

"Hmm… Well, good luck with that."

"Boy… Do you not care about my predicament?"

"Not really."

Our agreement only extended to me helping him build his dungeon.

Why should I need to go above and beyond to help him?

"Tsk… I don't have any blackmail on you right now."

"You know, you could just try to ask me for a favor."

"...But that would make me owe you."

This devil had no such concept of trust, huh?

"I promise I won't make you owe me anything."

"Well, then… Find a way to bring more victims here!"

Should I really be helping this devil?

Then again, I already promised to help him.

"Alright… How about this? I'll spread a rumor that I received treasure from you after defeating you in a specific way. This will make people try to beat you in that way."

It was like spreading playground rumors about some hack or special event in a video game.

Of course, no such thing exists.

But as long as the rumor spread, people were bound to believe it. That's just human nature.

"I see… Ah, the future has shown me that this can be effective!"

I would feel bad about tricking the app-users, but…

To be honest, I completely lost my faith in them now, not like it was very high to begin with.

Aside from helping in previous battles against Demon King generals, they were mostly liabilities and some of them were straight up criminals.

The stalker attacking Lia was the final event that embittered me towards the app-users.

If they could be preoccupied by a meaningless pursuit like tackling Vanir's dungeon over and over, for the search of a non-existent prize, that would reduce the potential harm app-users could inflict on innocent people.

Speaking of which, in terms of app-users, I had another matter to address.

After visiting Vanir, I went back to the mansion, then sought out Chris.

She was in the gym, running on the treadmill. I took a moment to admire that slim body of hers as she ran.

…This thief really is too erotic.

She just fulfills so many checkboxes of eroticism: a tomboy, a female thief, and an athletic type.

Ah, but I'm about to ask her for a favor, so I probably shouldn't sexually harass her.

"Eep! Kazuma-kun?!"

I grabbed her ass from behind.

Ah, I ended up doing it anyway.

"Yo. Having a good workout?"

"...You're just gonna brush past that?"

She gave me a side eye while hopping off the machine. She took a towel and wiped her face with it.

Then she sniffed the air.

"Kazuma-kun… You kind of stink?"

"Me? You were the one just running, you sure that isn't you?"

"N-No way! It's a particular kind of stink you have… It seems familiar too…"

For some reason, she was looking at me warily.

"...In any case, I wanted to ask you for a favor."

"You're gonna ask me for a favor after groping me?"

"Oh, come on, don't act like you didn't like it!"

She blushed and pointed at me.

"Stop acting like some lecherous old man already!"

"Hey, I'm not old! I'm a healthy young man!"

"You're not denying the lecherous part, huh?'

"In any case, about my favor…"

"You sure are insistent! Well, whatever, just tell me."

"...You're still going on raids for cheat items for Eris-sama, right? I want you to take me on a bunch of them."

She blinked at me, then said,

"We talked about that before, but that was because you wanted the Dark Stalker class, right? You don't need that anymore now that you have the Hero class."

"It's not for that. My friend Lia just got attacked by a crazy app-user. When I think about perverts like him attacking girls like her… Well, it upsets me a lot."

If I had never been there to stop it, what would have happened to Lia by now?

It makes me sick to even imagine.

"Perverts attacking girls, huh…?"

She gave me a pointed stare.

"Yeah, scum like that should die."

"I agree completely."

She gave me another pointed stare.

Hm? Why was she staring so much?

Did she want to do something naughty with me?

In the end, she sighed and nodded.

"OK, that's fine. You'll be the one doing me a favor, anyway. Some of these artifacts are unbelievably powerful, so I avoided going after the app-users alone. I could use some help."

"Fine, but you owe me."

"...?! Oi, you were the one asking me for a favor!"

After sufficiently teasing Chris enough, we both agreed to go on more raids together.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:kinggamerlite29, Lenskio, Dahaka1e and 148 others
BoringBone
Oct 11, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 67: A Team Meeting For This Idol! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Oct 27, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,614
Chapter 67: A Team Meeting For This Idol!

Part 1

"Explosion…!!!"

I watched as Megumin blew up the environment I made for her.

Using dungeon energy to create structures for her to blow up was a waste, but it was better than Megumin getting impatient and going out to the real world to blow things up.

I watched her plop down on the grass.

"How would you rate that explosion, Kazuma?"

I rubbed my chin in thought.

"Hmm… With how powerful your explosion is now, the rating system will have to go beyond 100 points, right?"

"Of course! So how much did I get? A million?"

"That's going too far."

I sniffed the air and closed my eyes while making my judgement.

"...I'll give it 112 points."

"That's a new record for me, but I'm not satisfied!"

I looked at Megumin who was on the ground.

"So? Is Darkness's disciple in masochism wanting to get ravaged while she's out of mana again, or should I give you some energy to walk?"

"...You know, Kazuma, if you go as far as to say that, there's no way I'd request that kind of play now!"

Since this was Megumin, after all, she was quite the contrarian and rejected the offer just to prove that she could.
And so, I gave her some mana with [Drain Touch] to let her walk again.

"But Kazuma… I wouldn't say no to… you know…"

She said, while pushing her fingers together.

"Oh? If you don't tell me what it is, I won't know…"

I said, giving her a smug smirk.

But she frowned and met my eyes head on.

"Hah? Do you think I'm the type to shy away from saying it? I want to have sex, Kazuma."

…Megumin's defenses were quite unpredictable.

Sometimes I could make her blush hard and stutter as much as Yunyun did.

At other times, she was oddly resilient.

Well, if she didn't expect it, she was a lot more susceptible to teasing.

But if she sees it coming, she could respond appropriately.

"I see. Next time I should just ambush you."

"Kazuma, do you love to see me in distress, or what?"

"...Hold on, that makes me sound like I'm Vanir."

"Well, you are fairly sadistic, aren't you?"

"What's wrong with wanting to make a beautiful girl submit to you?"

"You're proud of your sadism, too! What a guy!"

"With how handsome, rich and powerful I am, it would be weird if I was a weak-willed masochist."

"Oh? Wouldn't it be more impressive if you were a powerful man, yet you're still secure enough in your manlihood that you let women dominate you?"

"I-Is that the final stage of manliness?!"

I couldn't believe it… Was masochism the ultimate expression of manhood?!

Certainly, the most famous men in history have carried a burden of some kind!

"So Kazuma should just be my willing slave from now on…"

"Hold on, I don't think that's right."

"Tch, almost had him."

This girl…

I looked at Megumin and then said,

"Was this all just a convoluted way to say that you want to be the one in charge in bed right now?"

"Hoh? Well, if that's the conclusion you arrived to… We might as well try…"

"I don't even know what to classify this kind of 'dere'."

She wasn't being tsun about it, but she was still being rather indirect.

"Rather, Megumin, are you an 'M' or an 'S', make up your mind?"

"Such classifications are meaningless at the end of the day, isn't it? After all, the whims of a person changes on a daily basis."

"'Could it be, Megumin, that you're actually the most perverted one here?"

At least Darkness stuck to her one thing and was rather wholesome if she wasn't being a degenerate.

Meanwhile, Megumin here wants a slice of everything.

No matter how you look at it, that's a trait of a serial pervert!

"Like I said, I'm just a normal person whose whims changes easily…"

"Why are you talking about your sexual fetishes as if they're candy flavors! It's not the same as wanting dark chocolate one day and milk chocolate the next!"

"And what's the difference?"

"Pervert! Everyone, there's a pervert!"

She placed her hands over my mouth.

"Now's not the time for jokes, Kazuma."

I wasn't joking.

She pulled my wrist and led me to her room.

"Scary… This perverted explosion girl is scary!"

"Oh, you're starting the act already, Kazuma? Good boy."

She thought that I was acting.

She pushed me down on the bed with her contacts shining red. She had an evil grin on her face.

"Of course, I won't do this without Kazuma's consent."

She said, putting a halt to the mood.

"Hold on, Megumin, I was enjoying being cornered there, and you just had to dampen the mood with consent talk…"

"And you're calling me a pervert?!"

I glanced away and coughed.

"Well, thanks for asking. Of course I consent… Rather, I can just teleport away if I really hated this."
"...If you feel forced to teleport away during sex, I'd probably have to turn myself to the police, you know?"

"At least you're aware!"

"You're saying I'm usually not?"

She hovered over me, that grin back on her face.

"...Oh, I'm gonna get a lot of revenge on you for your usual treatment of me, Kazuma…"

That feeling of being cornered was back again.

She leaned down and started to plant kisses on my neck. Then her small hands went up my shirt, feeling my abs.

Since I was letting her be in charge, I didn't move, even as I felt tingly with her hands all over me, and her lips on my neck.

"That's right. Just be a good little stud and let me have my way with your body."

She grinned, breathing her hot breath on my neck, before giving me a love bite.

This girl wasn't holding back at all.

It must have made quite a funny image, having such a small girl like her having her way with a ripped guy like me.

…I had to admit, it was a massive turn on, though.

And then, she started to unbuckle my belt.

Part 2

Megumin straddled me once she got my pants down. She had a grin on her face as she stroked my cock while leaning down and trailing kisses from my chest, to my neck, to my lips.

I just laid there and enjoyed the sensations of her small hands touching me, as well as the pleasant weight of her small body on top of me.
I watched her strip her clothes off. Then she pulled my shirt off me, smiling as she saw my built body. She started jerking me off again, making sure I was at full mast, before she started rubbing her wet entrance on the underside of my shaft, to the tip. Her wetness and my precum formed a natural lubrication.

With one hand on my shaft, and the other holding herself up on my chest, she slowly took me in.

I moaned, as she pinned my wrists down over my head, then started moving.

I knew that it was hard to move with how tight she was, but she kept up her Alpha-Female play and didn't comment on it, only biting her lip as my hard cock slowly moved through her clinging walls.

I didn't move, letting her absolutely dominate me. All the while I was thinking that paying her back for this would be sweet. For now, I just let her have her way with me.

Once she got even wetter, it became easier for her to move. She bounced on me, grinding her hips. I couldn't help but moan, the fact that I couldn't move only amplified the sensations I was feeling.

It didn't take long until we were both cumming together.

Since I knew this girl loved everything explosive, I made sure to give her a huge creampie, letting her feel the hard and fast spurts shooting up inside her.

"Ahhh…"

She let out a satisfied noise as she laid her head on my chest.

"How would you rate that creampie, Megumin-san?"

"...It's not an explosion, so I won't rate it."

This girl was strict.

While we were recovering, there was a knock on the door.

"Um… It's Yunyun. I wanted to spend some time with you, Kazuma-san!"

Ahh… Since I was away for a bit, I guess there was a backlog.
This is the struggle of having multiple lovers, huh?

"Go away, Yunyun. It's my turn right now."

"Eh?! No, in terms of the time slot… Megumin, get out of there now!"

Ah, these two were fighting again. I said,

"Yunyun, just come inside instead of yelling outside the door. You look like a scorned mistress."

"A-Am I a scorned mistress?!"

"It was just a comparison! Just come in already!"

Yunyun opened the door, then blushed and averted her eyes when she saw Megumin rolling away from me and covering herself up with a blanket.

"A-Ah, sorry!"

Despite our arrangement, I pretty much only had solo sessions with the girls.

Maybe this is a good time to introduce some 'co-op' elements?
Certainly, that would save on time and energy if I could have two or more at a time.

But I also knew that having their personal time slots was important to making everyone feel equal to one another. That was why the normally taciturn Yunyun was so insistent earlier.

So broaching this topic was a huge risk.

But still, honesty and direct communication was even more important in our case.

I coughed into my hand and said,

"How about we… Try doing it together?"

I suggested, while half-muttering.

They looked at me, then looked at each other.

"...Why would I want to do it with this weirdo around?"

"Megumin of all people is calling me a weirdo?!"

Just when I was thinking it was a bad idea to bring this up, Megumin sighed and said,

"Well, I'm not selfish enough to say I won't share… Rather, we're already sharing him anyway."

"I have no problems with sharing… B-But it's already embarrassing to do it alone! But doing it with Megumin watching me is…!"

"Why are you making it seem like I'm gonna be watching you?!"

There still seemed to be some hesitation, but they were more open to it than I thought.

"Let's just try it out a bit, and if you don't like it, we don't have to do it."

Since it was a reasonable suggestion, they both slowly nodded.

Megumin and I were already naked, so Yunyun had to undress.

"...You're totally looking, Megumin!"

"Where else am I supposed to look?"

A blushing Yunyun hid her chest as she took her top off.

…Rather, why was Yunyun getting more shy at stripping in front of Megumin than me?

Then, when I thought about it, I imagined myself stripping in front of a friend of the same gender.

I almost hurled when I thought about doing that in front of Mitsurugi, Dust or Terada-senpai.

And no, those locker room changing moments with Mitsurugi or Terada-senpai didn't count!

Still, Yunyun managed to brave through it and finished the process by letting her panties drop.

"Humu. You should place your panties with Megumin's over there."

I said, pointing to the pile of Megumin's underwear.

"...Why do I sense some kind of evil intent with that?"

Yunyun said, looking at me suspiciously.

Ara? Was it really such a suspicious request?

Is the thought of having my lovers' panties piled up in one place that weird?

Once she put her underwear and clothes in a different pile, unfortunately, Yunyun joined us on the bed.

Megumin glared as she saw Yunyun's breasts bouncing as she made her way over.

"Tch… Those useless udders…"

"S-So mean!"

I held my hand out between them.

"Now, now, this is a space for lovemaking… Not fighting…"

"Megumin is always the one starting it!"

"She has a point there, Megumin."

Megumin sighed when I looked pointedly into her eyes.

Just like how I was working to become less of an insufferable asshole, Megumin also had her personal mission of being less mean to Yunyun.

"S-Sorry for calling your udders useless, Yunyun."

"Just stop calling them udders already!"

"Don't worry, Yunyun. All of Megumin's cruel words come from a place of insecurity…"

Megumin's eyebrow twitched at that.

"Oh, let's not get started about insecurity, Kazuma…"

I stopped before she could use that against me.

Not that I thought Megumin would use my secrets against me…

Wait, she totally would, if push comes to shove. She was just that kind of girl.

And so, these two bitter rivals were now on the bed with me.

…I could only hope, for my safety, that this was a good idea.

Part 3

Since Megumin already had her turn, I attended to Yunyun first.

I kissed her, my hands roaming her body to warm it up.

Of course, they ended up on those soft breasts of hers.

I could tell Megumin wanted to comment, but she surprisingly held it in.

That's progress, I suppose.

Yunyun moaned into my mouth as I squeezed and lifted her breasts, before playing with those pert nipples.

"Go ahead and bend over."

I said, smiling at Yunyun and gesturing to the bed.

She gave a small smile back and bent over on the bed, sticking that shapely ass of hers out for me.

"Yunyun… You're quite lewd, huh?"

Megumin observed, as Yunyun didn't even hesitate to take a doggystyle position.

"...?! B-But we all do things like this?! There's nothing to be ashamed of!"

So Megumin couldn't resist commenting after all.

"Megumin… You were doing so good. Are you just addicted to teasing Yunyun?"

She quieted down after that.

I went behind Yunyun and started gently slipping a finger inside her wet pussy, from behind. With my other hand, I squeezed the fair globe of her left butt cheek, before giving it a light slap. Yunyun made a little noise of embarrassment at the slap, which made me chuckle.

"Now you're the one teasing her."

Megumin said, which made me freeze up.

"...Maybe Yunyun is just made to be teased…"

"Now you get it."

"E-Eh?! Please don't say that?!"

Yunyun said that, but…

She proved our point while turning her head over her shoulder, and giving us an adorable pouting face.

Is she trying to get bullied by us?!

No, no, this is the kind of logic bullies use when justifying their actions… 'She was asking for it!', that kind of cop out.

But still, look at that innocent face just asking to be teased!

I shook my head and focused on the task at hand.

I held my cock and pointed the tip to her pussy lips, then gently pushed inside.

Yunyun let out a moan as I entered her.

She laid her head on the pillow, moaning into it as I held both butt cheeks, dragging them back as I pushed into her.

Megumin suddenly appeared behind my shoulder. I could feel that small chest of hers brushing against me, her nipples poking my back.

"Hoh… This is the first time I've seen it from this angle."

She then lazily rested her chin on my shoulder, while I was thrusting behind Yunyun.

"Megumin… Why are you watching from there?!"

Yunyun's ears went red when she noticed that Megumin was practically getting a POV shot of her getting fucked from behind.

"It's interesting, that's why. Hey, Yunyun, arch your back a bit more. You know guys like that."

"They do…?"

Megumin called Yunyun lewd, but her knowledge when it came to lewd stuff far surpassed Yunyun's.

Yunyun followed her instructions and arched her back more, as she put her ass up. That excited me and I went faster and deeper inside her.

"See?"

"Y-Yeah, you're right."

With the new angle, I was able to hit Yunyun's sensitive parts even more. Soon, she was moaning louder and more frequently, until…

"Hnnnnghh!"

She had a shaking climax.

As Yunyun panted, Megumin moved from behind me and bent over on the bed beside Yunyun.

"OK, my turn."

I smirked as I saw her putting her ass up as well.

"Hoh… My chance for revenge already, huh?"

"Revenge… You mean for earlier…?"

I grinned as I grabbed her tiny waist and jammed my cock in. She let out a surprised moan at the insertion.

"Yeah, when you had such a great time dominating me… Should I remind you how our trysts usually go?"

"Wait… Hnnn!"

I started thrusting into Megumin, thoroughly enjoying that petite body of hers, locking her in place and lifting her waist up.

"You're like a little onahole, Megumin…"

"Oi, you always get carried away… Hnnnn!"

This girl really was one of varied tastes.

Having fun dominating me, yet here she was, squealing and moaning at being used as my personal sex toy.

"As expected of an Arch-Wizard who multiclassed into a Knight… You sure are versatile!"

Yunyun watched in wonder as the headstrong Megumin was letting me take complete control of her body.

I gave Yunyun a wink.

"Are you enjoying seeing your bully get bullied?"

"...A little bit."

Megumin turned to glare at Yunyun, but I gently grabbed a fistful of hair and shoved her face down into the pillow.

"Oh, no, you don't. You deserve this for all the teasing you do to Yunyun…"

"Mnnnph!"

Her moans were drowned out by the pillow, but I could tell that she was at the height of pleasure right now.

My suspicions were confirmed when she stiffened, then suddenly shook all over, before collapsing. I let go of her hair and she turned to her side, gasping for breath. I pulled out of her, then turned to Yunyun.

"Alright, Yunyun's turn again…"

And so, that was how my first threesome with these girls went.

I was having so much fun that by dinner time, I almost didn't notice my phone ringing.

"Hmm… What is this… Ah, crap?!"

I stopped midstroke inside Yunyun, who was laid beside Megumin, both of them in a half-stupor from all the pleasure we had been having for the last couple hours. Their bodies were drenched in sweat and cum.

I pulled away, which made Yunyun let out a soft whine.

Hey, I'm free now. Can I meet the others, like we planned?

This text came from Lia.

That was right. I wanted to introduce her to the others…

I knew that, but I was way too focused on my threesome with Megumin and Yunyun.

And not only that, since Lia had access to the dungeon doors now, she could just pop in at any time!

I looked at myself, as well as Megumin and Yunyun.

…We'd require at least a thirty minute bath to get the smell of sex off!

W-Well… Lia already knew about my 'arrangement'.

But no matter how understanding a girl is…

"Kazuma… You do know that I can literally get any guy I want, right? Why in the world would I waste my time with a playboy like you?"

She might say that!

Well, not with those exact words, but…

Lia is not the type to play around!

Still, I couldn't just delay this meeting.

It was important for her safety to get used to the app, and to meet her allies.

I need to come up with something quick…!!!

"[Parallel Processesing]!"

I suddenly deactivated my clones and increased the speed of my thoughts.

To those who might say this is excessive…

As if you wouldn't do this is if you have a shot with a girl like Lia!

"...Kazuma, are you OK? You look constipated."

Megumin said, when she saw me scrunching up my face and seizing up.

…Was that what I looked like when I was using this skill?

A few seconds later, I sent a text back.

Sure, you can come over. A couple of my teammates and I were in the dungeon, so we need to take a bath. Just teleport to the front of the mansion and call for Sena, she will let you in.

This was the answer I came up with!

Got it. Take your time, I'll just get to know the others.

Perfect. I didn't feel good that I had to use a skill just to lie to Lia, but…

Your 'Cunning' increased by +2!

My most consistently growing skill went up again.

Part 4

Thanks to my quick thinking, the three of us were able to clean ourselves thoroughly before heading down to meet with Lia.

Having the others interact with Lia before I came down, had the unintended side-effect of them breaking the ice without me having to take charge.

"Aqua-san, t-those moves are impressive…!"

"Heh. Wait 'till you see this. [Nature's Beauty]!"

"...?!! Amazing!!!"

…I didn't expect to see Lia being impressed by Aqua, to the point of giving her a look of admiration.

Did I make a terrible mistake?!

"Oh, Kazuma-kun is back."

Chris said, glancing away from Aqua's show when she noticed me. The others turned to us as well. She said,

"If you were gonna go to the dungeon, I wish you would have told me, Kazuma-kun. I would have been up for a quick dungeon run."

I averted my gaze from Chris.

"Ah, my bad. Let's go next time…"

Your 'Cunning' has increased by +1!

I turned to Aika-chan. At least she didn't say it aloud this time.
I put my phone on silent and said to the others.

"A-Anyway, you've already met, but this is Lia. Like I said, she's an idol for Axel Hearts."

Mitsurugi gave Lia a smile.

"I'm not really into idols, but even I know about Axel Hearts."

Even a normie like him would know the top idols, especially since they were plastered on billboards and advertisements on the train.

"Thank you very much, Mitsurugi-san. I also know you because you're the captain of our school's soccer team…"

"...I feel like the scale of our two careers has a big gap."

"I wasn't trying to show off."

Lia said, giving Mitsurugi a chuckle.

Darkness gave Lia an apologetic look and said,

"Lia… Sorry once again for keeping secrets from you!"

"You're apologizing again, Darkness? Come on now, it's not like you could tell me a secret as big as that. And I kept secrets from you, too, so we're even."

They gave each other a wholesome smile.

Iris had been curiously watching so far. She said,

"Onii-sama, will Lia-san join us for our dungeon exploration?"

"...Not to the deep floors we're going to. Rather, I only want her to get some experience on learning how to defend herself. I don't want her to fight the Demon King army."

It was too late in the game to do that. I was just happy if Lia had a means to protect herself and those around her.

"I feel like Lia-san's artifact is too useful not to use, though…"

Mitsurugi said. She must have told them about her keyboard that could create barriers if it's played.

It was true that even if she only played a support role, such a skill would be invaluable.

I shook my head.

"Sorry, I don't want Lia to get into any kind of trouble. Besides, Lia is more normal than the rest of us. It takes a certain kind of weirdo to want to face demons and devils head on."

Lia shrugged apologetically.

"...I'm not a coward, but I understand my limits. I'll listen to what Kazuma says, especially since you know way more than me about this stuff."

Megumin looked at Lia with some respect in her eyes.

"That takes a lot of restraint. If it were me, I'd want to fight no matter what anyone says."

"...Thanks for proving my point, Megumin."

She glared at me and whispered,

"You know, I can tell her what we were really doing earlier…"

I immediately shut up.

Unfortunately, since I made up that lie about Megumin, Yunyun and I already going down to the dungeon, the others insisted on bringing Lia with them, while I stayed home to relax.

I couldn't exactly say, 'I can still keep going!' without exposing my lies.

I guess that's karma, huh?

"Papa, are you finally learning how to become a good person?"

Aika-chan said, when the others left with Lia.

"Aika-chan, are you finally learning not to tease your papa so much?"
"Papa, you know I can't do that~!"

She paused and said,

"Oh, and you better not be thinking 'down you go on my favorite daughter list' right now, papa!"

Having a Super AI daughter is pretty rough.

Since I had free time now, I decided to do something about the 53 skill points I had.

As I was still heavily focused on a crit archery build, I decided to go ahead and max out my [Bow] and [Snipe] skill.

First, I put 19 points into [Archery Rank-Up].

Then I put 15 points into [Bow] and 15 points into [Snipe].

[Bow] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Passive Skill

You are proficient in using bows! You gain 200% weapon accuracy when using bows. You also gain +19 damage when using bows.

[Snipe] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX, Signature Attack), Active skill (5 mp cost)

Add your Luck modifier (255%) to Weapon Accuracy calculations involving bow-type weapons. Also, add +19 damage to all ranged attacks to bow-type weapons.

…A shortbow shot with [Snipe] now deals 59 damage.

That wasn't even including the other skills like the ice arrow damage and the crit bonuses.

I then spent the rest of the 4 skill points on [Drain Touch], to steadily increase its power even more.

[Drain Touch] Skill Rank: 14, Active Skill

After making contact with the target, you can absorb 24 Health Points, 24 Mana Points and 24 Stamina Points per second that you stay in contact with the target. You can also distribute Health Points, Mana Points and Stamina Points to other targets.

After that, I went ahead and studied the spellbook on [Tornado] once more.

It turned out that it was the final stretch of studying I needed to learn the spell.

[Tornado] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (50 mp)

Create a powerful tornado within 120-feet of you. The Tornado will last for 1 minute, and the duration can be expanded by another minute by spending another 30 mp. You can control the movement of the Tornado by 30-feet if you expend 10 mana. The tornado occupies a 20-foot radius and a 40-foot high cylinder. Those caught within the tornado will make a 'Strength' saving throw contested against your 'Magic Power' (115). If an object is caught in the tornado, unless they are magical, they will be dragged in according to the object's weight and Armor Class.

If a creature fails the save, they are dragged within the tornado and will take 20 bludgeoning damage once they enter and leave. They will take 10 bludgeoning damage for each extra minute they spend in the tornado. Any additional objects or creatures within the tornado that hits the target will deal an additional 5 bludgeoning damage upon collision. Multiple creatures can be caught in the Tornado, but those that surpass the space of the tornado will be expelled.

…Yet another extremely long description!

Still, I was now getting to a stage where I could summon a literal tornado.

I could actually do serious damage to a city, if I wanted…

Well, in terms of property damage potential, Megumin still had me beat by a long shot.

Part 5

While I was checking my phone and reading the description for [Tornado], I received a message on LINE from Ame.

We had been regularly keeping in touch since we last reunited, and it always brought a smile to my face to hear from my childhood friend again.

Hey, Kazuma, we've only got a few more weeks of summer break left, and we haven't even hung out yet!

This message was followed by a series of angry emojis.

It wasn't like I was trying to put her off, but I had legitimately been very busy.

Alright, when are you free to meet up?

Well, if you're in the city, we can meet up right now for some boba, or something.

Boba… The ultimate normie drink.

I checked on the Service Locator App and saw that the boba shop she linked had a 'trending' status on it.

There was no reason not to go, since I'd be seeing my childhood friend again, and also getting stat bonuses.

Sounds good. I'm nearby, anyway.

Oh, great! See you in a few!

Of course, I meant that I could just go there anytime using the dungeon door.

…Which made me feel like a shit friend since I could literally see her anytime I wanted.

Could it be that there was still some lingering hesitation I had towards Ame?

I mean, even if we reconciled, I still didn't know much about her, or rather, who she had become.

She seemed like she didn't change much, aside from being a lot more fashionable, and the way she talked changed. Then again, the same could be said about me.

Ah, this was just me avoiding uncomfortable situations again.

…I opened the dungeon door and stepped through it.

You gained +2 'Bravery'!

So even this much was a big step for me, huh?

Well, with 100 points in Bravery, I was pretty much at a superhuman level of courageousness.

So why did I still feel uncomfortable about this?!

I guess courage isn't about the inability to feel fear, it's about forging ahead despite it.
Ah, I should just suck it up and stop worrying so much!

I walked a bit until I found the boba store. Ame was already outside, looking around for me. She looked cute with her usual twintails and the ribbon she had on her top. She also had on a pleated skirt.

When she saw me, she raised her hand and waved.

"Hey, Kazuma!"

I smiled back and walked over to her. She said,

"...Finally, my childhood friend graces me with his presence! You act as if you live in another country! We should be hanging out, like… At least once a week!"

"Well, I've been busy."

"Ehh… You got more time for girls rather than your precious childhood friend?!"

I couldn't really say no without my cunning stat going up again.

"Kazuma, I know you long enough to know your expressions, you know? Shucks, you became a playboy… Maybe I should tell Auntie…"

"...If you really want to see me more than you usually do, Ame, you wouldn't even bring that up."

Having my mom hear that I was a 'playboy' was probably about the most embarrassing thing I could think of happening.

We went inside the store and lined up for the boba, while exchanging a bit of small talk.

I got the normal milk tea, while she got cookies and cream.

Your 'Charisma' and 'Attractiveness' increased by +4 due to the trendiness of this store!

Once we found some seats, Ame sipped her boba, then grinned at me.

"So, what else have you been doing on your vacation, aside from philandering?"

"...I'm not as loose as you think, Ame."

She narrowed her eyes at me in disbelief.

"You know, Kazuma, nothing annoys me more than people who act as if they don't have game! I mean, I don't know how it happened, but you look like a legit model right now, Kazuma. You're telling me you don't play around?"

To make her point, she gestured around us.

Now that she mentioned it, I did notice that all of the girls here were checking me out. Some of them looked like they wanted to approach me, but Ame was acting like some kind of passive buffer that prevented them.

…I didn't really think about it much since Lia didn't react at all even when my 'Attractiveness' kept going up.

But that was because we were friends, and she wanted to respect that at the time.

To a stranger, I must really look like some kind of supermodel!

'Attractiveness' was one of my lowest stats, but 90 was already peak human, and I was already at 87.

Not to mention my superhuman physique.

Girls that I would never have had a shot with before were now eyeing me like I was a piece of candy.

In the past I would have rejoiced at my popular period, but…

I had way too much on my plate already!

I was even planning to have kids and all.

I shrugged my shoulders at Ame and said,

"I really don't play around, honestly."

"...You're actually telling the truth?!"

My dear friend was shocked to not detect any lies on my face.

Oi, oi… Even with my 'Cunning' stat so high, is the status of a Childhood Friend really so powerful that she can read me so easily?

She chuckled and said,

"Well, I know you're not the type to actually break a girl's heart."

"Although you did break mine…"

I muttered under my breath.

Her eyebrow twitched.

"Oi. That was your fault! I was the one who was heartbroken at having my fiance flake on me for all those years with no explanation!"

"...Fiance… This is news to me!."

"We literally proposed to each other, idiot!"

All of a sudden, all the female attention I had in the store turned to hostile scorn as Ame yelled this.

I wish I could say that they were misunderstanding things…

But Ame wasn't really far off from the truth!

Ame sighed and settled back down on her seat. She said,

"Well, I'm not desperate enough to hang onto a childhood promise."

"...Are you sure? Because you keep bringing it up."

"You're the one who was muttering about being brokenhearted."

I shut my mouth. I guess there was still a bit of trauma and resentment that didn't really go away.

But to blame Ame for that wasn't fair at all.

This was all just self-hatred on my part.

"...Do you have someone right now, Ame?"

I said, trying to change the subject before my worst fears came alive and things became strained between us again.

"Not really. I've had a few casual dates… But nothing really serious. I'm not the type to sleep around either, unlike you…"

"You really see me as some playboy, huh?"

She grinned and leaned back while sipping her boba.

"So, I'm still looking for The One! If you find a good guy, recommend him to me."

"Well… I know someone."

"Oh? Who?"

I awkwardly scratched my cheek.

"I guess you could say he's my best friend."

I showed Ame a picture of Mitsurugi. Her eyes widened.

"Wow! He's so hot! And if he's your best friend, I know I can trust him! Is he single?!"

I thought about how Mitsurugi was seeing those two tourists… And maybe even Cecily.

"...No. He's seeing other girls."

"Then why would you even bring him up?!"

She tossed the phone back at me.

Well, I guess that was a normal reaction.

Ame was closer to Lia than someone like Aqua.

In terms of poise and rationality.

Part 6

We went out into the streets once we finished our boba. Buildings were alight with industry and commercial festivity, with businesses projecting their productivity by keeping their lights on all night (and their workers staying up all night as well), while stores attracted your eyes with flashing symbols and sumptuous smells and the intimate calls of servers and owners.

The night was defined in its endless quality by the pervasive chatter and laughter that all seemed connected, and this energy was conducted through the crowd by the form of brushed shoulders, split-second glances and the subconscious understanding that we were all intertwined in this careless chapter of our youth.

And then there was this weird mix of it all I had with Ame, who was part of all three chapters of my life, the dreamlike moments of my childhood, which bled into a dark, intermediary period I would rather forget, all of it accumulating into who I was now.

"We really should visit one day, those mountains we used to play in. But it's really hard to get up there."

She said, while she held her hands together behind her back. We moved fast, urged on by the crowd who seemed anxious to get to their next, unknowable destination.

I wanted to tell her so badly that we could go to that place in our memories in the matter of seconds, or even split seconds, but I just smiled.

"Yeah, we should go."

"I'm a bit scared, though."

"Why?"
"That place holds so many important memories for us, but what if it's not like what we remember? I mean, it happens all the time. You see a show you used to love and you rewatch it and think, 'Wow, what did I find so special about that?' Or you go back to a restaurant you adored and you swear they changed something with the recipe or preparation, but the owner tells you it's still the same. You know, that kind of thing."

I laughed and placed my hand on her shoulder assuredly.

"No, it's still the way we remembered it. I went back and checked."

"Eh… Is that where you take your girls? Don't tell me you're using our old stomping ground as a hookup spot!"

"You must really think that nothing is sacred to me."

"It's all free game for you!"

We grinned. Out of all the things I feared we lost through time apart, the one thing I hoped we would never lose was the humor we shared.

"Well, the station's over there. It was fun, Kazuma."

She paused for a second, before giving me a quick side hug. I patted her back in return. She chuckled and said,

"Well… That felt awkward."

"Yeah… I don't know why. We always hugged each other as kids. We were even covered in mud as we did it."

She chuckled, before looking a bit shyly into my eyes.

"So what changed now, I wonder?"

"Hmm… I guess, we just grew up."

"I guess that's true."

When you grow up, you become more conscious of the monotonous rules of society, which is like an undetectable gravity that pushes everyone down to conform.

Even just telling your friend you appreciate them feels awkward and taboo, as if there's anything wrong with that.

Or maybe, that's just how it is for us. Maybe we were both a self-conscious, in a lot of ways. She said,

"Well, let's work on not feeling so awkward, next time."

I chuckled as we drew back, with Ame flashing me a grin.

"You've never really changed, Ame. You're still the same kid, just with less mud on your face."

"And you, Kazuma, haven't changed at all. You just got taller and bigger, but that's it, really. So, be more like a kid and invite me to wherever you want, whenever you want. Social protocols be damned. Awkwardness shouldn't even be a consideration. And even if it does get awkward, screw it, invite me anyway, intrude into my life, because you know damn well I will intrude into yours!"

We changed to a more subdued smile this time, one of understanding and appreciation. I took out my phone.

"I'll call a taxi for you."

"What?! No, it's fine, I can ride the train home."

"No, I insist."

"...Kazuma, are you rich now, or something?"

Now it was my turn to grin.

"You better not start screaming about us being engaged again."

"My fiance, my dear fiance!"

She didn't miss the opportunity at all.

At least when it comes to joking with each other, we never felt awkward about it.

And I hope that never changes.

…

…

I watched the taxi drive off Ame before I returned home via dungeon door.

By the time I came back, Lia and the others had already returned from their dungeon tour.

Lia had a haunted look on her face.

"...I-I just killed a small green-looking thing!"

When I turned to Rin, she said,

"Lia-senpai killed a goblin and she's shaken by it.

Ah, maybe I should have accounted for this.

Even when I started out, I had a moral dilemma about killing a humanoid monster like a goblin.

To this day I can't even eat the meat of a humanoid monster, especially if it's an intelligent one.

I can't even bring myself to skin most monsters and left that up to Megumin.

"Just think of it this way, Lia, that goblin was trying to kill you… So don't feel too bad about it."

"...I guess, but… Yeah, I don't think I can go into the dungeon much…"

I kind of expected this.

"It's fine, we'll just level you up through the dungeon traps… But at least you experienced the dungeon."

Rin looked worried, but not necessarily because of Lia.

"Senpai… Am I actually weirder than I thought? I didn't have such an adverse reaction from killing monsters…"

Rin was finally seeing that she was normal, but only compared to the rest of us crazies. To an actually, completely normal teenage girl, she was still a bit strange.

"I'm glad you finally accepted it, Rin."

"...Ugh."

She just hung her head in defeat.

I asked the others to give Lia and me some privacy. We walked out into the garden at night. I used [Delayed Spell] and [Control Spell] to use a muted version of [Flash], which manifested as a ball of light that floated above us, providing some light as we navigated our way in the maze of trimmed hedges.

"Sorry, Kazuma, you probably think I'm a coward."

Lia said, once she managed to calm down.

"No, it's fine. A lot of people would react the way you did."

"...Maybe I can get used to it. Killing things, that is."

"I'm fighting so that you, and everyone else in the world, wouldn't have to get used to such horrible things, so really, don't worry about it."

She smiled and held my hand.

"You really are a superhero."

I smiled and hugged her.

"Come hang out here with the others, Lia. Even if it's just to say hi or goof off. It doesn't have to be dungeon related."

"Yeah, I will. Mitsurugi-kun is nice. And I do have to admit that they're all very nice girls. Very beautiful, too."

I glanced away as she gave me an amused smirk.

"Well, yeah…"

"I can see why you fell for them. They're worthy competition, huh?"

"...Competition?"

"Like I told you, Kazuma. I'm not the type to share my man with others. If I'm gonna have you… Well, that means they're my rivals, right?"

Ah, crap.

With the serious look on her face, I could tell Lia wasn't joking around.

"Well, good luck, I guess?"

She just chuckled and gave me a quick hug, before saying goodnight and teleporting back home.

…One girl declaring a love of war on six other girls.

And she legitimately believes she can win.

Maybe Lia isn't so normal, after all?
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:kinggamerlite29, Lenskio, Dahaka1e and 146 others
BoringBone
Oct 27, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 68: A Revelation About This Thief! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Nov 10, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,633
Chapter 68: A Revelation About This Thief!

Part 1

I watched Lia head home through the dungeon portal, her words still in my mind.

She was gonna make a play to steal me from all these girls, huh…?

She was quite the home breaker, wasn't she?!

With that said, she did make my heart beat faster with that proclamation.

All this time, I was thinking to myself that I should do all I could to make sure I didn't mess things up with Lia, meanwhile, she took the initiative and told me she was pursuing me.

Unexpectedly, that made me excited.

Rather than the thrill of the hunt, this is the thrill of the chase, huh?

I went back inside the mansion. Some of the others had retreated to their rooms, notably Megumin and Yunyun, who were probably tired from our threesome. Mitsurugi was helping Iris with her summer homework, in the living room, while Mary was laying on the carpet, her chin resting against a throw pillow, a tablet held out in front of her.

On her screen, there was a Tiktok video of some middle school girls dancing.

This little Ipad Kid!

"Ahem. Mary, I couldn't help but notice that the whole day, your eyes have never left that screen…"

"And I noticed the whole day, Kazuma-san, that you've been fornicating with multiple girls like some kind of wild beast. Compared to that, isn't my internet surfing a much healthier habit?"

"..."

Aika-chan, who witnessed that, snorted at my failed attempts at discipline.

I-I was losing the respect of my kids!

While I sulked, Aqua, who was combing Aika-chan's hair, sighed and stood up.

"Kazuma, a word?"

Mitsurugi and Iris gave me sympathetic looks as Aqua led me up the stairs, to her room.

"...We might need to be a bit stricter on Mary-chan."

Aqua said, with a thoughtful look on her face.

"Would discipline even work on her? She's a monster, after all…"

"Well, I don't know."

As expected of Aqua!

"Listen, Aqua… Aren't I doing too much of the heavy lifting in this family?"

"Hah? What do you mean by that? I play with Aika-chan and Mary-chan all the time!"

"Are you their playmate, or their parent?!"

"...But as the dad, it's your job to discipline them and provide us money!"

"You know, Aqua, I'm a proponent of gender equality… If you're going to insist on such outdated gender roles, then why don't you shut that mouth and make me a sandwich right now, woman!"

She started tearing up.

"T-This is spousal abuse! Help, I'm being abused!"

I covered her mouth.

"Oi. You can't just yell stuff like that!"

After the last of her crocodile tears went down, she said,

"Well, we can start with limiting her screen time."

"Yeah, I guess that's a good start."

"Also, she's a monster, but since we're raising her, we should also teach her to be more like a human girl…"

"Well, since only one of us is a human, that will fall on me, right?"

"...Kazuma, I really don't like how you keep insinuating that you're the only one doing things in our family."

"Oh? Aqua-san, it wasn't an insinuation, though?"

"Hoh… Is that how it is, Kazuma-san~?"

"Yeah, so why don't you get off your fat ass for once and stop watching TV, and actually do some parenting, A… ku… wa… san…!!!"

We immediately gripped each other's hands and butted heads, with forced smiles on our faces.

"Kazuma-san? I didn't say anything when you brought another girl home, so why are you acting like I'm the problem here… Hm?!"

"Oh, Aqua-san… Even though you made a big deal about how goddesses are not like normal human girls, and you're fine with me having multiple lovers… Going back on your word is a sign of immaturity… Right?!"

"Yes, yes, but there comes a point where bringing an idol home is a bit excessive, isn't it?!"

Crap! She was still way stronger than me, even with all the levels I gained?!

I grit my teeth as I was being pushed back by her. I was starting to hear some really dangerous creaking sounds in my bones…!

"O-Oh… Is that what this is? You were also showing off in front of Lia before… Maybe you're not worried about her as a romantic rival, but you feel some kind of stupid rivalry as a performer?!"

I pushed back the best that I could, but I could barely resist this brute's strength!

"How is it even fair?! That girl unlocked something called an 'Idol' class while we were in the dungeon… Why didn't I unlock such a class?!"

An 'Idol' class? Why didn't anyone mention this to me?

Well, they probably figured that it was better for her to explore the more traditional combat classes.

But I knew for a fact that some of the most random non-combat classes, like Smithing and Gambler, had some of the most OP skills and features!

I mentally filed that away for later, as I did all I could to have Aqua stop pushing me.

"...Being jealous of a human is hardly goddess-like, Aqua-san!"

"Isn't it the human's fault for shaming the goddess?! I should smite her!"

She was just as petty as a greek god!

However, her grip on me softened and she sighed.

"Well, you're right that it's not very goddess like to be j… jel… I can't say it!"

How prideful was she?

"Listen, Aqua. She probably has the Idol class because… Well, she's an idol."

"...?! Kazuma, you might be onto something!"

"OK, we really need to raise your Intelligence up some more!"

I looked at Aqua, then pressed my forehead against hers.

"...If you really feel jealous… Sorry."

It was bound to happen eventually.

It was unrealistic to think that such negative emotions wouldn't arise in a group like this.

I mean, we joke about it, but Megumin always teases Yunyun about her chest.

Obviously, because she compares it to her own.

I'm sure the others also feel those kinds of insecurities, they just never expressed them.

At least, not to me.

Everyone wanted to stay together, knowing that all it takes is one slip up to cause this whole 'arrangement' to collapse.

That was why I was so hesitant in bringing in more girls.

Well… Maybe it would have been better if Lia wanted to just outright join and play along.

But she was a bit of a wild card, wasn't she?

I may call Aqua an idiot…

But the whole goddess thing aside, she's still a girl with emotions, just like the rest of us humans.

So, in order to comfort her, I leaned in for a kiss.

Then we laid down on the bed.

Part 2

She was in a tanktop already, giving me easy access to her cleavage. She giggled as I kissed between her breasts, before massaging those perky C-cups of hers.

"...You know, it's impossible for humans to survive with such little body fat…"

I said, as I lifted her tanktop up to reveal her impossibly slim body. She somehow looked so fit with such little body fat, without it looking unhealthy.

"What part of me being a goddess do you not understand?"

The only fat that was in her body was literally just to make her curves look good.

"Goddesses sure are something else."

"Heh. That's why we deserve the praise of you humans. We are literally perfection! Especially me!"

Such arrogant statements were so common from her that I didn't even think anything about it.

I pulled her pajamas down, revealing her panties.

Then I slipped her panties to the side as I started to finger her.

"Mnn… That's it…"

I enjoyed watching her squirm and tremble as I easily found her g-spot and hooked up to press against it.

When she was wet enough, I pulled my own pants down and got my cock out.

With her panties still slipped to the side, I slid in her wet, tight pussy. I gasped as I felt that divine quality of her goddess pussy again.

If I don't do it with Aqua for a few days, this otherworldly pleasure comes back in full force, as any resistance I may have formed before falls away.

She chuckled knowingly and held my face.

"Hoh… It seems Kazuma's back to square one, huh? You've been lasting longer these days, but I guess you're still just a mortal after all."

I couldn't even respond as I started thrusting, my mind occupied only with the pleasure and this unknown choral singing that was playing in my head.

Even Aqua's moans sound like a song from heaven…!

I lifted her bra up, not even bothering to take them off. Those impossibly perky breasts of hers popped out. I leaned down and sucked on a nipple while groping them from underneath, all while speeding up as I experienced unfathomable pleasure with each thrust.

I didn't last long at all. I let out a long moan as I came inside her, the last final spurts making me grunt against her chest.

…We also found out that the higher Aqua's 'Faith' stat grew, the more her 'divinity' reached its true levels as a goddess.

After all, she was still in her nerfed form in this world.

So it was getting even harder to have sex with her… Well, I say harder, but the experience was honestly life-changing. I meant harder as in I end up cumming pretty fast every time, especially since it had been a few days.

"Come on, get hard again…"

She said, not having enough.

She grinned and rolled off from underneath me, sending me on my back this time. I watched as she took the rest of her clothes off. She also pulled my shirt off and looked at my body in admiration.

Then she put her head down, blue hair falling down along with it, as I gasped when she took my limp cock in her mouth.

Well, it wasn't limp for long.

I was at full-mast again as she started to lick around my tip, before pushing her head down even more as she sucked me off.

I groaned as my hands went to her blue hair. It was almost translucent under the light. I almost wanted her to keep going and just finish me off with her mouth, but she popped and any such desires faded away when I felt her divine pussy once more.

She bounced on me, those perky breasts bouncing along, that statuesque body of hers moving in tandem with mine as we both sought mutual release this time. I could feel her climax coming, as her muscles twitched and tensed.

I squeezed her breasts just as she climaxed, my own orgasm following not long after, as I filled her womb with semen once again.

Of course, she wasn't satiated with just that and we kept on going.

At the start, I needed to have the girls drain me thanks to my increased stats, but that was only because I was ahead of the others thanks to my use of the golem farm.

But now everyone had an unlimited stat and level cap, and access to the farms and the high levels of the dungeon.

So in the end, now I was the only one getting drained.

And due to the nature of the [Hero] class, it seems that all of them started to get [Bedroom Skill] as well.

…Yeah, I might be in some trouble in the future.

In the end, even if Aqua could keep going in a physical sense, she still needed rest. Or maybe she was just too lazy to keep going.

We ended up in bed, with her head laid on my neck. Her hair smelled so good draped over me. I ended up twirling those silky strands around my fingers.

"...What do you think Wiz is doing right now?"

She said, with an oddly somber quality in her voice.

Asking such a serious question when we were bumping bodies earlier…

Is this what they call post-nut clarity?

"I don't know. Probably planning her attack."

"I wish she'd just attack already, so we can get this over with. Having to wait just makes me pissed off!"

Translation: I want to see her soon.

This girl really is so tsun.

Who is more tsundere? Megumin towards Yunyun, or Aqua towards Wiz?

Or Vanir towards Wiz?

Hm, Wiz sure is popular.

"...Kazuma, if you're calling me a tsundere in your head, then I'll just say that you're incredibly tsundere towards your best friend Kyouya."

Her amazing perception was at it again.

"...?!! Hah?! What makes you say that?!"

"Wow, now all you need are twintails."

"...At least I've accepted him as my best friend, but you can't even talk about Wiz without insulting her! That's peak tsundere behavior, you know?!"

"Hah?! She's literally trying to beat us up! How is it tsundere to talk shit about her?! Your logic is so messed up!"

Even though we were just having such intimate sex before, Aqua ended up leaving my room in a huff.

Speaking of Mitsurugi, Aqua left with barely any clothes on, and I heard him gasp in the hallway when she ran out of my room.

…Well, it's her fault for running out like that, so I guess I can't get mad at him if he saw something.

Part 3

After Aqua left, I took a bath and prepared to have a good sleep.

Once I changed into my pajamas, I crept under the covers, pulled the blanket over my body, and closed my eyes.

However, before I could fall asleep…

I sensed movement beside me.

I immediately got up and threw my blanket on the intruder.

"[Bind]!"

The blanket rolled up and went around the intruder.

"...?! Not this again! Kazuma-kun, it's me, Chris!"

I looked at Chris, whose chin was on the floor as her body was bound.

"...Oh. Why did you sneak up on me like that?"

"Wait, you didn't do that on purpose?!"

I actually thought I was being attacked by an enemy.

Unlike those previous times, when I just wanted to have fun with the erotic female thief, Chris.

I undid her binding and said,

"Why did you sneak up on me like that?"

"Hah? You asked to go on a raid with me, didn't you?! I was just coming here to see if you were still up for it, but you already fell asleep!"

"...We could have just done that tomorrow. You sure are a go-getter."

"Hah, more like you're too easygoing sometimes, Kazuma-kun…"

She sat on my computer chair, legs crossed, while I went ahead and changed out of my pajamas.

"Changing right in front of me…"

"What's the matter, we're in that kind of relationship now, aren't we?"

She blushed when I said that.

"W-Well, we're still at the early stage…"

"You know, isn't it kind of shameful that Yunyun has more sexual experience than you?"

"S-Shameful?! H-How dare you say that! It's not good to pressure someone into that…!"

Instead of teasing her further, I just nodded, since she did raise a good point.

"My fault. So, tell me about our target."

Chris thought that this app-user was too dangerous for her to take on before, and even needed my help.

Since Chris wasn't at Rank 7 yet in our bonds, she didn't enjoy the benefits of the Hero class yet.

It was kind of an awkward topic, but there wasn't really much we could do. And it was probably a bad idea to try to artificially raise our bond rank. It either happens or it doesn't.

Still, she was a high-level app-user with the Dark Stalker advanced class. The fact that she was wary of this app-user was telling enough.

"...The problem is that not only does he have an artifact, he also has an ability given by the heavens."

"Did he steal that artifact from someone, since he already has a power?"

She nodded and said,

"Yeah… So even if I can steal his artifact, it's not like I can steal his power."

"And what is this power of his?"

She puffed out her chest.

"I've been spying on him for quite some time, so I have a good idea what it is. His power is invulnerability… But there's a catch! It only works if he is aware of the target or the attack, so sneak attacks and those directed from his blind spot will work."

"...He probably thought of that, and he has skills that protect his blind spot, though."

"Well… Yes…"

Yeah, this guy seemed way too dangerous.

"And how about his artifact?"

"It's an amulet that can summon an orb of magical power, which can act autonomously. Of course, since the amulet is stolen, he can't access its full power, but the orb is still very strong and has a wide range."

Great… So this guy has both offense and defense.

"I guess we can just steal the amulet?"

"...Yes, but once he's already summoned the sphere, it will still act autonomously…."

"And I suppose this guy is paranoid enough to always have that sphere summoned."

Chris gave an uneasy grin.

"...So what's the background of this guy?"

"He's a salaryman by day, but what makes him dangerous is that at night, he targets those who he feels has insulted him, including rude coworkers, and even other app-users he felt offended by."

Chris gave me a folder she made with the information she gathered about our target.

Yoneda Ryo, a forty five year old salary man. He was quite good-looking, but didn't seem extraordinary. He had a wife and children and seemed to have a good life.

…But I guess that was all just a cover-up for his vindictive personality.

Then again, before he became an app-user, he was a proper law-abiding citizen. I guess this is a classic example of power corrupting those who wield it.

I looked over his file some more before nodding.

"Alright, this will be tough, but I think we can do it."

She smiled and took the folder back.

"I knew I could count on you, Kazuma-kun!"

"Ah, but… After this I expect a reward… Heh."

She blushed when I said that.

"Geez… Well, I guess that's fine."

And now, I have even more motivation to do this.

…

…

Chris and I left the mansion and headed to where she figured he would be at night.

She had been tracking his movements and knew that he would try and assault an app-user who had stolen his kill in the dungeon.

The app-user even went so far as to taunt Yoneda.

Since the app-user was with his party, Yoneda chose not to attack him, but now he was going to the app-user's home to finish the job.

We found him walking in the streets, the unassuming salary man in his suit, carrying a suitcase, his slicked back hair and glasses catching the pale streetlights. His leather shoes were silent on the pavement.

Chris and I were wearing our thief outfits while standing on a building.

"You ready?"

She asked, which I nodded to.

"[Steal]...!"

"[Snipe]!"

Just as the amulet appeared in Chris's hands, I let the arrow loose.

Of course, I didn't want to kill him, but worse comes to worse, we could always have Aqua resurrect him.

…A rather dark solution, but it was better than letting this psycho roam around.

However, I saw that the arrow bounced off as a spear suddenly appeared in his hands, and his body moved as if it was possessed to knock the arrow away.

Even he seemed surprised at his body's own automatic movement and he looked around.

"Shit… He never used that before… I guess he multiclassed into Lancer and got [Protection Against Arrows] recently.

The magic orb floated up as he looked around the area. He didn't call out to us, probably knowing that it was futile.

Chris said that he was a multiclasser, although he didn't use the Adventurer class like I did. He simply took a bunch of skills from special classes like Rune Warrior, Ranger and now, Lancer.

And since he had Ranger, it seems that he used a detection skill to spot us.

"Incoming…"

The orb suddenly accelerated in a streak of flame. Chris and I both moved in separate directions. The orb followed me.

Chris took the chance to attack Yoneda while he was alone, while the orb pursued me.

"[Escape]!"

I sped up as I ran away from the orb, jumping from rooftop to rooftop. The orb went on a linear tear, melting through obstacles as it pursued me.

Then it transformed from a fiery ball to a streak of lighting. The sudden change in speed surprised me and I couldn't react in time.

"Ahhh…!!!"

I cried out in pain as the electricity coursed through me.

"[Create Trap]!"

I used concrete to trap the electric currents in a nonconductive cage.

However, I couldn't even heal myself in time before the orb pierced through the concrete in the form of a steel drill.

"Bwaha… That was a clever move… But that won't stop me! Hee-hee!"

"...? This thing can talk?!"

I was surprised to hear a voice coming from this autonomous magic orb.

"Yesiree! Master named me 'Money Ball'. Nice to meet you!"

It even had a name, huh?

Rather than being autonomous, this thing was straight up sentient…!

The steel drill flew towards me. I dodged away and it drilled through the roof, sending debris and dust to fall down.

It drilled upwards, under my feet, but I was expecting the attack. I stepped back, then summoned a dungeon door, intending to trap it within the dungeon.

However, it changed into wind and flowed out of the door as it was about to close.

"Tsk, tsk… That was a nice try, but that was a swing and a miss…!"

It then attacked me with razor sharp winds. I grunted from the pain. It didn't matter how high my Armor Class was, since this was all magical damage. It pierced straight through my defenses.

I was down at 76 health, and this thing wasn't giving me any breaks to heal myself.

Even using [Parallel Processing] requires some concentration, but this artifact calling itself 'Money Ball' was relentless.

It used its high-speed forms like its lightning form and wind form to constantly keep me from reacting, then changed into heavy attack forms like the steel drill to ensure I could never stay on one rooftop for too long.

I could only hope that Chris was having an easier time than me.

Part 4

With how fast this ball was moving, I could only take quick actions to dodge and retaliate, as well as spells or skills that had near instantaneous activation times.

However, even if I used the fast-activating [Create Trap] or [Smithing] to create obstacles, the ball could just drill away from it.

"[Freeze]!"

I tried to freeze the orb as it was in its drill form.

But then it just turned into fire to melt the ice away.

This thing is way too difficult to deal with…!

The speed of its transformations was also ridiculous!

…I suppose the only weakness of this cheat item was that the user was vulnerable if it pursued the target.

But of course, the user had a skill that made him invulnerable.

What the hell was this app-user doing?! Instead of attacking people, he should be trying to defeat the Demon King!

Well, I already knew that most app-users were useless.

So I needed to deal with its speed, as well as its ability to quickly change elemental forms.

Basically, this was gonna be an advanced game of rock, paper, scissors.

Well, that's my speciality, isn't it?

I even managed to fool Vanir in a game of janken…

While I was formulating a plan, it changed into its steel drill form again and collapsed the roof.

"Ah, crap…!"

I nearly lost my footing, but thanks to [Catfall], I managed to fall on my feet as we landed inside a building.

It was a standard office with many desks that were aligned side by side.

"Eeeek?!"

Unfortunately, it seemed that there was an employee there, who was working even when it was near midnight.

"Watch out!"

I said to the office lady who was screaming. I quickly opened a dungeon door and pushed her inside to secure her safety, before jumping away from an attack from the steel drill.

"Argh!"

The steel drill grazed my shin and the sides of my arm.

I ran away before it could follow up the attack.

"...If you're just gonna keep running away, I'll just go back to my master, you know? Then I'll take care of your lady friend. Tee-hee!"

Shit, I was losing its interest!

Like a mob that was losing aggro.

With that said, it was suicide to face it head on. I had no other choice but to keep running.

I sprinted through the halls as it pursued me, still in its drill form.

I turned around and shot it with an ice arrow.

"[Snipe]!"

It could sense the sheer power behind my max ranked [Snipe] and changed into its fire form to melt the ice arrow.

Otherwise, the steel drill form would have been ruptured by the ice arrow.

But as soon as it did…

I grinned as the fire alarm sounded and the sprinklers activated.

However, instead of seeing the fire form become extinguished by the water…

Nothing happened.

"Hah! Are you an idiot? I'm a magical entity! The non-magical water of this weak world won't do anything to me…!"

I didn't account for that…!

Just like how normal weapons can't affect app-users, of course magical beings would have such defenses.

I kept running forward, as it ignored the sprinklers and flew towards me in its flame form.

If I wasn't constantly using [Escape], I would have probably been caught by now.

Then, just as I turned another corner, I saw a fire extinguisher on the wall.

Then, I had an idea.

I grabbed the fire extinguisher.

"...Do you really not learn? That won't work on me!"

"[Smithing]! [Snipe]!"

This time, instead of an ice arrow…

I made an arrow out of the foam concentrate!

The foam arrow now officially counts as an 'item'.

And along with that…

It was also affected by [Improvised Weapon] skill, further boosting its damage.

"What the…?! Argh…!"

It was quickly covered by the foam.

Then, just to make sure…

"[Create Trap]!"

I used the concrete walls to trap it in a dense cube.

After a while, I used [Detect Enemy] and couldn't sense anything from within the cube.

Once I released the cube, I saw that there was nothing left of the magical energies from within the foam.

I sighed and leaned against the wall, finally having enough time to focus and heal myself.

Then I went outside and summoned a dungeon door to absorb mana and let the office lady out.

"...Um, what is going on…?"

She was a lot calmer this time.

That was because I put her in the same room I once kept Chris in, except that I made it even more luxurious than it was before.

Furthermore, the clones acted on their own and used the [Disguise] skill to dress up as ikemen hosts.

She was now blushing while getting her hair done, with handsome men serving her with tea and macarons.

"Fufu… There's no need to worry about the small details, ojou-chan…"

One of the host clones said, giving her a wink.

"Y-Yesh… I suppose so… Hehe…"

…Does this office lady even want to leave?

I coughed into my hand and entered the door.

"Excuse me… The danger is gone now, so you can leave…"

"...Can't I just stay here?"

She really didn't want to leave?!

Well, I guess an overworked OL would act this way…

The clones got all defensive for some reason.

"Oi, boss, she said she doesn't want to leave, so don't force her out."

That's right, these clones were thirsting for some action, weren't they?!

I didn't have time for this, and the lady did seem like she wanted to stay.

I decided I'd deal with it another time and closed the dungeon door, before going over to help Chris with Yoneda.

As for how to deal with him…

"[Parallel Procesing]!"

Now that I had more time to focus, I formulated a plan to deal with this invulnerable opponent.

Part 5

I made a crossbow with [Smithing].

Then, I went to the area where Chris and Yoneda were fighting.

Chris was dashing around, trying to find angles to attack Yoneda's blind spot.

But he used his varied skills to evade her attacks.

I knew that there was little point in sneaking up on him, since he had the Ranger class.

The class with the highest perception and detection, even higher than a Thief.

And so, I took out the newly made crossbow and said,

"Hah! You stopped my arrow last time, but [Protection Against Arrows] doesn't stop crossbow bolts, right?!"

Chris gawked at my announcement.

"No, Kazu… Assistant-kun! His skill still blocks it!"

"Wait, what?! Really?! Then why is it called [Protection Against Arrows]?!"

Yoneda started laughing and turned away from me. He said,

"I don't know how you managed to evade Moneyball, but you sure screwed up this time."

Thinking that I was a clueless idiot, he stopped paying attention to me and turned to Chris once more.

I smirked and threw the crossbow away, then took out a rifle.

…I hesitated for a moment, since this could seriously do harm to him.

But this was the only chance we had.

I released the adamantite and golem coated bullets with a pull of the trigger.

Of course, he wasn't expecting the attack, especially after that little show I made with the crossbow.

"Garrgghh?!"

He screamed in pain while writhing on the ground.

"[Bind]!"

Chris immediately tied him up.

Your 'Cunning' has increased by +5!

…I suppose that trick would increase that stat by a lot.

Rather, because my 'Cunning' was so high, he actually fell for such a trick.

Just like 'Luck', the way this stat scales could end up being game breaking.

After all, it could even trick someone with the Ranger class.

I dragged him to the dungeon's holding cell.

"[Heal]."

Once he was safely inside, I healed the gunshot wounds. He groaned in pain as the bullets were sent out of his body and his wounds closed.

"...You people are crazy!"

He said, as he tried to get up from his bindings.

"Says the guy attacking people just because they insulted him."

"They deserve it! I've been picked on, walked over all my life! Now that I have power, I won't let anyone insult me ever again!"

"Yeah, yeah. Classic minor-villain speech. We'll just leave you here for now. It's not like the police can do anything about you."

"W-Wait, you can't just… I have a family!"

"...We'll deal with that later. For now, stay here."

Chris and I stepped out of the holding cell.

As soon as we had a chance, we'd transfer him over to Lizardia.

But for now, he can sit tight in that cell.

"Phew… Good work, Kazuma-kun. You almost had me back there…"

So even she fell for it, huh?

"Do you really think I'd mess up like that?"

She glanced away.

"S-So what happened to that magic orb?"

She changed the subject.

"I managed to defeat it, but that thing was way too strong!"

If it was at full-power, would I have been able to defeat it, much less survive? I said,

"By the way, can we resummon that thing using the amulet?"

She took out the amulet, then shook her head.

"It seems like once the magic orb is destroyed, the amulet can't bring it back."

So that was the weakness of this artifact, huh?

It was incredibly powerful, but once the orb is destroyed, the artifact is basically just scrap metal afterwards.

I grinned at Chris and said,

"Now, how about my reward…?"

She blushed and glanced away.

"W-Well… I suppose I'll have to reward you, as promised…"

The tsun act was unnecessary.

Well, actually it made her cuter, so maybe I shouldn't complain.

"...Well, first I should probably deal with that."

I pointed to the buildings that were damaged. We also heard sirens from emergency responders coming.

Using the dungeon doors, I went to each damaged building and used [Smithing] to repair them.

As for the security cameras, well, I'll just have the government deal with that.

I felt a bit bad for the emergency responders who would come here on what was essentially a false alarm, but there wasn't much we could do about that.

Once I was done fixing everything, I headed back home with Chris.

She was fidgeting when we arrived at my room.

"Um… If it's a reward… I suppose it'll have to be more than what we usually do, huh?"

So far, during my sessions with Chris, we never went beyond foreplay.

She probably thought I would ask to go all the way now, huh?

When I was about to tell her that she didn't need to do that, she gave a resolute nod.

"G-Got it… I think I'm ready."

Oho?

I suppose it would be in poor taste to tell her that wasn't what I meant.

Especially since she had enough courage to say that.

Or rather, she was acting like she was doing me a big favor by allowing this, but there was a curious look in her eyes.

Yeah, she was just plain interested in sex.

I mean, of course, after all this time we spent doing naughty things, her interest would grow.

Or better yet, she just couldn't hide it anymore.

I smiled as I drew close to her and gave her a light kiss on the lips.

She relaxed a bit at the contact, and her hands went to my chest.

"...First of all, we should probably bathe."

"Yeah, we kind of stink, huh?"

She gave a small chuckle, as we drew back from each other.

Part 6

"Eh?! Why are you following me?!"

Chris said, when she noticed me following right behind her as she entered the bathroom.

"Hm…? It's more efficient if we go together."

"Yeah, but…"

In the end, she agreed.

After all, there was no point in delaying it. We would engage in much more lewd activities later on.

I watched Chris shyly taking off her top and folding them on the marble sink.

I admired her silver hair, matted a little with sweat.

She worked on her tank top next. Her skinny arms emerged first, then her trim stomach, until I saw the beginnings of her white bra, a peek of frills and the ends of a ribbon.

"You sure are teasing me a lot…"

I said, enjoying the little strip show she was putting on.

"Geez… Why don't you be a bit more of a gentleman and turn around?"

"...And miss out on the opportunity of Chris stripping? Miss out on that embarrassed face, those adorable eyes flickering about the room… those petite mounds popping out of those cute undergarments… No way! I won't miss out on any of it!"

"At least try to act like you're not just here for perverted reasons!"

"...Why do I have to keep acting? You're already half-naked and undoubtedly very turned on. Even if I reveal my true colors, it's not like you will run away now…"

"So you admit that these are your true colors, huh?"

"Yes, yes, now show me the true colors of your panties, as well."

"You brute."

Now that she had her top off, of course, I eagerly awaited for her to remove those booty shorts.

"You know, Chris, there really is no point at all in wearing such revealing clothing. You can make every excuse you want about how it increases your mobility, but we both know full well that there are armor that can be crafted to boost one's agility, without sacrificing one's defense. Please just admit, once and for all, that you intentionally wear those slutty little outfits because you are aware of how sexy they are, and you love to flaunt that erotic, taut little body of yours to the world. The truth will set you free. Just admit it already!"

"What the hell do you want me to say, Kazuma-kun?! And it's not just purely about effectiveness… It's about comfort! It's simply more comfortable for me if I wear this kind of clothing! And I already told you to stop calling me a slut!"

"I never once called you a slut, I said that your outfits are slutty… My, my, if that's how you see yourself…"

Teasing Chris was fun, but I took care not to go too overboard, because she might just ditch me.

She sighed and resumed taking off those booty shorts.

"Hoh…"

I said, rubbing my chin as I examined Chris who was down to her undergarments.

The softness that practically radiated from her skin was contrasted by the sharp scar on her cheek.

"You truly are moe incarnate, Chris…"

"Are you really just gonna leer at me the whole time?"

I suppose I should also give her some eye candy.

Now this time, it was Chris's turn to leer as I took off my shirt and displayed my chiseled abs.

"Hoh… Our Chris is quite the hypocrite, huh?"

"...I'm not outright leering at you, like you were to me! I'm just… appreciating the male physique! Like one would a statue…"

"Or a sleazy pinup poster."

Before she could retort, I dropped my pants as well. The words died in her mouth as I revealed another part of the male physique this perv was sure to admire.

"Wait, all at once?! You just yanked your underwear off like it was nothing!"

"Ah, sorry. You wanted the slow tease reveal, huh?"

"More like an adequate warning! Well… It's not like I'm not used to seeing it…"

"That's right, so drop the innocent act already. Innocence is only cute if it's real."

"...Are you saying I'm not innocent?"

"Yes, girls who open their mouths when they give their first handjob and take all the cumshots directly on their tongue, without being told, are generally not innocent."

"You know, Kazuma-kun, you bring that up so many times that I don't even get embarrassed about it anymore."

"I see. So I should tell everyone then about Chris's first sexual experience…"

"Nevermind! I'm sorry!"

Of course, she lost this battle.

Since I was fully naked, it was time for Chris to strip the rest off.

I watched with keen interest as she finally dropped her panties and bra, showing me the full extent of her lovely figure, toned like an acrobat's, yet still soft and gentle enough to emit feminine grace.

"...Speaking of statues… Your body really is perfectly built, Chris."

I said, as I moved to feel her hips.

She kind of reminded me of Aqua, in the sense that their bodies were truly flawless.

Well, Chris was a normal human, so I guess she's just genetically gifted.

"Some people just have it easy in life, huh?"

"...What's that supposed to mean?"

"I'm talking about high-spec individuals like you! Without the app, I'm pretty much nothing, but Chris was beautiful and capable from the start… Ah, but the fact that I get to sleep with a girl like you also inflates my ego and pride as a man."

"...Can you not call me a conquest straight to my face as I'm about to lose my precious maidenhood to you?"

Ah, maybe I went too far.

I filled the tub with warm water, then we dipped in. Chris first, then I followed from behind.

"Mnn! Kazuma-kun… You sure are acting fast, huh?'

Chris said, as I started groping her bum as soon as we got in.

"What's the point of taking a bath together without this kind of play?"

"I thought it was about efficiency!"

"You sure are an easy girl. If it wasn't me, some other jerk would have taken advantage of you…"

"What a thing to say! And I'm not that easy! Eeep!"

She yelped, as I reached around and cupped her breasts.

And so, I proceeded to have soapy fun with Chris in the bath.

Part 7

Once we were out of the bath, we took our damp bodies outside after a quick wipe of the towel and went back to the bedroom.

I already touched Chris plenty, but my hands were even more impetuous and daring as we moved to the bed.

"Mnn… Kazuma-kun…"

She moaned as I hovered over her on the bed, one hand groping her chest, the other going down to her inner thighs, teasing around with my touch, until it ended up on her pussy.

She was already plenty wet, but I still put two of my fingers and started gently fingering her.

"Ahh…!"

She already squeezed her thighs around my wrist. I smirked down at her.

"You're too sensitive, Chris…"

She blushed and glanced away.

"Stop making fun of me already…"

"Stop making it so fun to make fun of you."

"And how do you reckon I do that?"

"Stop being so cute all the time."

"Hmm… How about this? Bleh! I hate you, Kazuma-kun!"

She said, while sticking her tongue out.

…Was that supposed to be uncute?!

"Ah, I can't take this anymore. I want to have sex with you so bad!"

I slipped my fingers out and put my hands on both sides of her shoulders, looking down hungrily.

She looked up at me with nervous eyes, but slowly gave me a small smile.

"Geez… You sure are in a hurry…"

"Sorry… Want me to slow down?"

"It's not like I don't want this too, but… I'm kind of worried about how our relationship will change after this…"

I didn't even consider that.

What an asshole I was.

"...I've kind of just been dragging Chris along, haven't I?"

Back when I was less considerate, I would even take advantage of Chris's obvious desires to do naughty things with her.

It wasn't quite coercion, but I have been pretty indelicate when it came to Chris.

"No, it's my fault… I haven't really been honest with my feelings…"

"Even so, I should have been more of a gentleman."

"Yeah, you should have."

She didn't refute that at all.

Chris smiled and rubbed my cheeks.

"But you've improved since then so… That's why I'm even considering this."

Perhaps at the start, Chris was simply just curious about sex.

Even though she seemed like a tomboy thief who would have at least some experience, she was actually surprisingly innocent.

She still had desires, though.

I was lucky enough that she chose me as her partner to explore such things.

But in regards to our relationship, she probably wasn't sure about that yet.

From what she was saying, she was content with our relationship staying how it was, and she was afraid it would change.

I suppose since the other girls were all my lovers now, she was afraid that sleeping with me would put that kind of expectation on her.

To ease her worries, I said,

"We can talk about it, or just do it now. It's all up to you."

I mean, I'd probably have the worst case of blue balls ever, but that was better than forcing Chris to do something she wasn't comfortable doing.

"...I mean, I did say I'm ready to do this."

"Consent isn't just a one time pass, the state of it might change throughout the encounter and both participants should be prepared to stop at any point…"

"Kazuma-kun, your PR speak sure has gotten better."

"You can thank Sena for that."

I had some PR training from her, along with our martial arts sparring.

She bit her lip, then sighed,

"...I trust Kazuma-kun. Especially after that. The fact that you said we can stop when you're obviously raring to go for it tells me all I need to know."

I was just acting tough, though.

"And other than that… I know you're not the type to let something like sex affect our relationship. You'll respect my decision… I know you're that type of man, Kazuma-kun."

I smiled, as I leaned down to kiss her.

"Whether you want to just stay as friends who occasionally fool around, or you want to be something more, or even a bit less… I'm fine with that."

"But you'll try your hardest to make me yours, right?"

"Of course."

We both laughed.

With both of our expectations and intentions understood and aligned…

We continued on.

I went between her legs. I could tell she was nervous, so I rubbed my shaft on her slit before entering.

"Mnn… That already feels good…"

She said, shuddering as my tip poked her clit.

I couldn't wait to do this with her, not only for my own wants and desires, I also wanted to show Chris how good sex could feel, teach her all about her body, show her a world she had never seen before.

And with that in mind…

I slipped my tip inside her entrance then slowly parted her walls as I entered.

When I felt the subtle resistance of her hymen, I efficiently broke through it, limiting her pain and discomfort.

She let out a little sigh, but aside from the blood that spilled down onto the sheets, she didn't show any signs of pain.

Just to make sure, I asked,

"Does it hurt?"

"No, I'm fine."

"I'm gonna start moving… Tell me how you feel, OK?"

I smiled, using my thumb to caress her cheek, as I started to move.

I watched her reactions carefully. At first, she seemed confused. I chuckled, noticing what was going on.

"What, you don't feel anything?"

She immediately started blushing.

"N-No, it's just…"

"Relax. You might feel numb for a bit. It gets better."

"O-Oh."

"It was sweet of you to try and spare my feelings, but there's no need to do that. Just be honest with how you're feeling."

"...Yeah, sorry about that."

I guess she was trying to preserve my ego.

After all, saying, 'I don't feel anything', would deal a massive blow to a man's pride.

At this point, I had slept with so many girls that I didn't even care about such things.

Sometimes a girl just doesn't feel into it one day, that was just how sensitive their bodies were to hormonal changes and moods.

Well, a guy can also be like that. I have too many distractions or too much stress, I can barely get it up.

So I just steadily thrusted inside her. I was starting to feel it, while Chris just tried to relax and focus on the sensations of me moving inside her.

Rather… Didn't she feel way too good?
"Ngh…"

That's strange, I was the most experienced one, and I wouldn't normally feel this good right away…

I mean, this happened when I was with supernatural beings like Aqua and especially Rorisa.

No, but Chris is just a normal girl…

…But does a normal girl's pussy feel this tight?

"Kazuma-kun… Are you OK? Your face looks kind of…"

"Um… Yeah, I'm fine… How are you feeling?"

"It's… Mn… It's kind of embarrassing… Because Kazuma-kun is watching me so much…"

"Let's switch positions, then."

I offered quickly.

In reality, I just wanted a quick break.

Chris… Did she even realize how good she felt?!

I took a deep breath as I pulled out from Chris and had her turn around.

Once she was bent over, I slipped in again.

"Mnn… Nnn…"

Thankfully, it didn't take too long until Chris started to feel it as well."

"How is it…?"

I asked, as I held her waist and tried to hold on, as each thrust made me feel pleasure that escalated with each plunge.

"It feels really good… Mnnn!"

She moaned even more when I found her weak spot.

I targeted it, scraping upwards, then plunging deep inside once she finally loosed up enough to take my full length and girth.

"Ahh… I'm… Hnnnnnnnghh!"

I couldn't hold it in anymore as I came along with her, both of our bodies shaking from the release.

I ended up falling on top of her, resting on her back, my chin on her shoulder.

"You're heavy, Kazuma-kun…"

I chuckled, as I rolled away.

I was about to turn and kiss Chris, but then I noticed my phone beside the pillow lighting up.

New notification!

Your bond rank with Chris has deepened!

Also…

You achieved the title [Goddess Lover]!

Goddess…?

What?
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lenskio, Dahaka1e, emptylot and 146 others
BoringBone
Nov 10, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 69: Bickering Among These Rival Goddesses! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Nov 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,649
Chapter 69: Bickering Among These Rival Goddesses!

Part 1

You have unlocked the title, [Goddess Lover]!

"Hm? What's this?"

I kissed the back of Chris's head as she panted into the pillow, before I looked at the notification.

[Goddess Lover]

Earn this title after sleeping with three goddesses! Whenever you sleep with a goddess, you will raise a stat that is related to their aspect.

Eh…?

Goddess?

In terms of Goddesses I slept with, I guess there was Aqua.

And I suppose Wolbach, back when I was under Serena's control.

But which other goddess did I sleep with?!

In terms of the app, there is sometimes a delay when it comes to the unlocking of skills and even quests.

The delays could even last for several days.

So maybe I slept with a goddess without realizing it?

…No, it's not like I slept with anyone new recently.

Except for the girl I just slept with right now.

"..."

I looked down at Chris, who was now relaxing on the bed with me.

…Come to think of it, Chris has pretty unique silver hair, doesn't she?

And it didn't look like it was dyed. It looked perfectly natural.

But this isn't an anime, where foreigners, especially Europeans, have silver hair, for some unexplained reason.

And she also had blue eyes…

Her features perfectly match Eris-sama's don't they?

But that can't be… Eris-sama was well developed in a certain area.

And then I remembered Aqua's words.

"Eris pads her chest!"

…

Could it be possible?!

I suppose there was only one way to confirm my suspicion…

"...Chris, are you actually secretly Eris-sama?"

"...?!"

She immediately turned to me, eyes wide.

That reaction is way too obvious!

"W-W-What do you mean by that? Ah, it must be a joke, right? A joudan? A Micheal Joudan?!"

What an old-fashioned joke.

Rather, the way she was panicking really made her suspicious.

"Well… It's just that I received this title…"

I said, showing her the [Goddess Lover] title.
"..."

She couldn't even respond.

"F-Fine… I suppose I can tell you now…"

She sighed and got up while covering her chest with the blanket.

"...I am actually the goddess of luck, Eris…"

I suddenly pumped my fists.

"Uuuooooghhh!"

"Eh? Kazuma-kun?!"

Chris looked up at me in shock.

"I got to have sex with both Chris and Eris-sama?! Rather, Eris-sama was actually Chris the whole time?! It was a two for one combo! Uuuoooghh!"

"O-Oi…!"

She blushed while glaring at me.

"So, Chris… Why don't you switch over to your Eris form right now and let me do you again…?"

"H-Hold on…!"

She squirmed away from me when I attempted to grab her.

"...You're not even going to question me about this?! Your first instinct is that you want to sleep with me in Eris form?!"

"Did I stutter?"

I said, looking at her with grave seriousness in my eyes.

"Unbelievable…"

"Well, I guess I am kinda curious. So, why are you doing this, Eris-sama? Are you just bored?"

She gave me an annoyed glance while sighing.

"Of course not. Can't you put two and two together? I'm using my Chris form to retrieve the dangerous artifacts that Aqua-senpai gave out!"

So, rather than Eris-sama having Chris do her work for her, she was actually doing that work herself.

"...Aqua has caused you a bunch of problems, huh?"

She glanced away.

She didn't even answer.

I looked at the Chris body, then said,

"So, this body… I suppose it's some kind of avatar?"

I said, while leaning in to stare at her face.

She blushed as I stared at her.

"...Don't stare so much. And yes…"

I put my hand on her chest.

"So is this form just purposely flat, or does Eris-sama really pad her chest?"

"T-That doesn't matter!"

"It's OK, Eris-sama. I like you even if you do pad your chest! Ah, but it'd also be nice if you had a big breast form and a flat form… The gap moe would be tremendous!"

She scratched her cheek and said,

"Listen, Kazuma-kun… Please keep this a secret! Especially from Aqua-senpai and Darkness!"

"Why? At this stage, keeping it a secret is a huge liability. We never know what kind of dangerous thing will happen."

"Well… I…"

Not expecting me to say that, she was at a loss for words.

"For example, there are enemies with lots of tricky abilities… What if one of them impersonates Eris-sama and deceives Darkness and the others? Even though we could easily prevent that if they knew…"

"W-Well, I guess that's true…"

She hung her head in defeat.

I mean, what I said was true.

But I just wanted to see Eris-sama all flustered as she exposed her secret to the others.

What can I say… She was such a good bully target!

She awakens every single sadistic tendency in me, even more than when I only knew her as Chris!

I coughed into my hand before I could get carried away with that thought.

Really, this was purely for strategic purposes…

"By the way, Eris-sama…"

"You know, you can just call me Chris when I'm in this form…"

"Chris, then. Have you been doing something to elude Aika-chan's bond rank system? Because even when she was called Appuri-chan and was a lot more nosy, she didn't reveal your secret at all…"

"Well, that's because I was using a method to hide my identity in the bond ranks… But I guess I didn't think about that title… I mean, who would actually find a chance to sleep with three goddesses?!"

I suppose she didn't account for that.

"I have another question… How is my resurrection situation like in heaven now? Are your higher ups still mad at me for circumventing the resurrection process?"

I asked, wanting an update on that once I can ask Eris-sama directly.

She slowly nodded her head.

"Yes… You may have the Hero class right now, and you're the one most likely to defeat the Demon King… But the higher ups don't take kindly to you doing all those shenanigans before. They probably won't let you resurrect again, even if Aqua-senpai is the one to do it."

I see.

So it was just as I feared.

I really only had one last chance now.

Still, learning all this about Chris…

It was quite a bombshell.

Part 2

I went ahead and checked the bond rank message.

Chris (Silver-haired Thief), Bond Rank: 7 (MAX)

It seems like Chris-san is actually the goddess of luck, Eris?! To think she tricked the system and even tricked me! Unforgivable! No wonder why mama always speaks poorly of her subordinate! With that said, it does seem like she completely trusts you, and is also resolved to protect you and everyone else by getting rid of the dangerous artifacts. With that said, you two still have a lot to figure out in terms of where to take your relationship. There are no more secrets, but still lots of questions to answer, even as you have reached the pinnacle of your bond.

Bond Reward: You learn the [Auto-Dodge] skill!

[Auto-Dodge] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Gain +1 Evasion when you see or sense an attack coming. Your body will then automatically attempt to evade the attack, moving up to 5-feet to the best possible direction to avoid the attack.

…Considering that I couldn't use resurrection anymore, this skill was just what I needed!

Any defensive focused skill should be the priority from now on.

Once I gained more skill points, I should immediately level it to max rank!

There was also another notification.

After tanking a significant amount of magic damage, you have learned the [Magic Resistance] skill!

[Magic Resistance] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Gain +1 Magic Resist.

Speaking of the delay…

Aika-chan being so slow sometimes is the reason why I was wondering where that [Goddess Lover] title came from!

If I had been a lot more promiscuous recently, I might have to do a more thorough investigation…

Of course, I would have slept with all the girls I had hooked up with to see if my stats raise at all.

This was, of course, the most efficient method.

But enough about that.

I turned to Chris.

"Hmm… It seems Aika-chan just found out about you."

I said to Chris, who was now, unfortunately, putting on her clothes.

I could really go for round 2, especially after I learned she is also Eris-sama.

What can I say, I really wanted to have sex with Eris-sama…!

All the kinds of play I wanted to try…

Like cumming all over her holy garments.

Or eating her out while she's doing her work.

Ah, I wanna corrupt her so bad!

But there was the more important matter of having Chris tell the truth to everyone.

Besides, knowing Aika-chan, she was probably telling her mama as we speak.

Saying things like, 'Mama! Mama! You won't believe this…!'

That nosy little rascal…

Chris sighed, knowing that she couldn't avoid this as well.

"Alright… I'm ready."

Acting tough even though she was nervous…

So cute.

Urge to dominate and fuck the breath out of her… Steadily rising!

Calm down, Kazuma… You'll have your chance later.

And so, we went downstairs together.

It was already midnight, so I needed to call everyone to gather.

But before I could do that, the aforementioned little rascal was already ahead of me.

"Aika-chan, is this true?!"

Aqua said, as she rushed downstairs, with Aika-chan leading her.

"Yes, mama! The system never lies…!"

"That sneaky little Eris…!"

I could sense Chris freezing up, but the house was already stirring awake.

Darkness came down in her nightgown. She had a facial mask on and was looking at Aqua with an annoyed scowl.

"Aqua… You know I don't take kindly to you insulting Eris-sama…"

"...Darkness, what the heck is that on your face?"

"It's a mud mask."

"I know you're a degenerate freak, but… You're even spreading mud on your face? Nasty!"

"I-It's a common beauty practice! Rather, I find it strange how Aqua's face stays so flawless even though you use no cleanser, no moisturizer, and no product whatsoever!"

Megumin and Iris, who were also attracted by the noise, said to Darkness.

"...But I don't use those things, and my skin is fine."

"Yeah, me too."

Darkness's brow twitched at their words.

"Just wait a couple more years, and you will understand."

"...You have no right to talk, Darkness-san, since you are still in the prime years of your youth."

"...?!!"

We were all startled as Sena appeared out of nowhere. Not only was she also wearing a face mask, this one even thicker than Darkness's, there was even some kind of weird gel over her eyes.

…She was walking around with that thing over her eyes?

"Sena, maybe you should take that thing off over your eyes…"

"No, the directions said to keep it on all night."

"...How did you even get down here?"

She was willing to walk around blind just for the sake of her skincare?

Women at that age sure are dedicated to that kind of stuff…

I put my hand on Iris's head and assured her.

"Don't worry, Iris seems like she has good genetics, so you won't have to do these kinds of things when you grow up."

"Thanks for saying that, onii-sama, but those two look annoyed at you saying that…"

It seems I made an enemy out of Darkness and sena.

To distract them, I coughed into my hand and gestured to Chris.

"Everyone, Chris here has something to say…"

"There she is, mama! Your incompetent subordinate in disguise!"

"...! T-The whole time, it was you, my second in command, Rin…?!"

"Hah?"

Rin said, with a blank face, since she was standing behind Chris.

Somehow, Rin was caught up in this.

"...No, mama, it's Chris-san!"

Aqua stared at Chris, then chuckled.

"Come now, Aika-chan. I know you want your mama's attention, but that's too much for a prank… Chris is a cool girl, you know? She's not like that hussy Eris…"

Chris's brow twitched.

…Don't tell me she's starting to get tired of Aqua's abuse?

"Eh… Senpai… You really don't recognize me? Even though you always used to come to my realm to complain about your work, which you always forced me to do? Then you took credit for my accomplishments and blamed me for your screw ups? Like that time you thought it was a good idea to create sentient artifacts, thinking that they would defeat the Demon King army on their own?! Or how about when you thought it was a good idea to create animate produce, since they can migrate and feed the population in the other world, but they ended up becoming a more dangerous threat than monsters?!"

Aqua went pale as Chris started saying things that only Eris would know.

"...Eh? Aqua-sama… Did you actually do that?"
Mitsurugi said, while looking at Aqua as if he was seeing an entirely different person.

Yunyun blinked and said,

"...Um, animate produce? Like the ones in the dungeon that are known to cause a surprising amount of injuries, since rookie app-users don't expect to be attacked by a cabbage or a potato?"

Aqua opened and closed her mouth, while Aika-chan stood protectively in front of her.

"S-So what if mama did all those things?! In the end, it was Eris who went along with those ideas!"

…I knew she wanted to protect her mama, but what kind of victim blaming is that?

Aqua pointed at Chris and said,

"W-Wait, you're really Eris?! Why are you in that form?! Why are you sneaking around here?!"

"To fix your mistake of handing out divine artifacts to random people! Do you know how many problems you've created, Aqua-senpai?! And of course, I have to fix everything again!"

Once Chris said this, Aqua narrowed her eyes at her, then shook her head in denial.

"...The Eris I know is much more obedient than this! You're a fake, after all!"

"Or maybe I'm just getting sick and tired of cleaning up after your mess! Besides, right now I'm Chris! I'm off duty, so I don't have to be your obedient little kouhai right now!"

"You think that you can usurp my authority just because you used a different body?! Well, at least you're not padding your chest this time! But you're still as slutty as ever, parading that mid-riff around whenever you can! Did you intentionally get the tiniest booty shorts in Japan to show off your butt and thighs, too?!"

"...I've had it with you, Aqua-senpai!"

"Bring it on, you hussy!"

Darkness had to come between them to stop the clash.

Then she turned to Chris and said,

"...Chris, is this true? Are you really Eris?"

Chris paused, glancing away from Darkness.

"Um, well… Yeah…"

Darkness just stared at her, probably in too much shock to come up with a proper response.

I suppose for Darkness, this came as a bigger shock than it did for me.

Part 3

"...All this time, Chris was Eris-sama, huh…?"

"I'm sorry for keeping it a secret from you, Darkness, it's just that…"

"D-Does that mean when Eris-sama warned me through a prophetic message about when I had 'private time' in the dungeon… That was actually Chris?!"

Why would she even admit to that?

Chris blushed and said,

"I-It's not like I can tell Darkness that I saw you doing that on one of our dungeon sessions!"

"T-That's so embarrassing!"

Darkness crouched down and covered her head. Then she looked up and said,

"Chris, we have a lot to talk about in private…"

"Right…"

Of course, this was the natural result.

I didn't think that Darkness felt betrayed by Chris's secrecy, we all have our secrets, after all.

But you can't keep this kind of a big secret from your best friend.

Something like being a goddess was way too big to keep hidden.

And if even a scumbag like me can share my secrets with others, then Chris should be capable of doing the same.

We left them alone as they went upstairs to discuss things.

Meanwhile, Aqua was glaring at Chris as she left with Darkness.

Chris noticed and stuck her tongue out at Aqua before following.

"...Oi, Aqua, are you really going to keep on clashing like this with Chris?"

"Kazuma, are you going to let Eris trample all over me?!"
"First of all, she's Chris right now, so can't you just drop the rivalry?"

"Oh, so if I use a fake body and give myself a new name, then I can expect everyone who doesn't like me to be my friend now, huh?!"

Mitsurugi stood up and was trying to quickly remove himself from the situation.

"Oi, are you really trying to leave the scene right now?"

"Um… What am I supposed to do?"

This guy was really trying to escape.

Rin clapped her hand once.

"Alright, Aqua-san, as your second in command, I would like to intervene here. Why don't we get a good night's rest and address this when we have cooler heads?"

"...Che. If Rin says so…"

Aqua properly listened to Rin, whose opinion she respected as the second in command.

They were completely skipping over what I was telling them, huh?

This truly was a matriarchal family… My thoughts didn't even matter. Sniff.

Taking Rin's advice, we all headed to our rooms.

While I was going to my room, Aika-chan followed me.

"Papa, please thoroughly discipline that Eris…!"

She was still on about this?

"I get that your mama has history with her, but what do you have against Eris?"

"...She fooled the system and made a mockery of me!"

She actually took offense to that, huh?

"Listen, you've stopped doing it, but the bond rank system is a serious breach in privacy, in the first place. You shouldn't blame her for trying to circumvent it."

"...Papa is siding with her, huh?"

She pouted while looking away.

I sighed and gestured for her to follow me in the room.

Aika-chan followed inside and sat on the bed. I stood in front of her and said,

"Listen… You're within your rights not to get along with someone, but in the same way, they are also not obligated to trust you…"

"But I am a system meant to assist all app-users! Even if I reveal information about them, exposing those secrets will help humans deepen their bonds! If Eris's secret was never exposed, you wouldn't have reached the maximum bond rank with her! Same with Darkness-san!"

I had to keep reminding myself that this was an A.I. I was dealing with.

Even if she looked like a normal little girl with the golem body, just like Mary-chan, she didn't have the common sense of humans.

"You can't force people to bond, even if it's 'optimal'... Sometimes the rocky stages of a relationship is what ends up drawing people closer to each other. In the first place, trying to quantify how close people are to each other is a flawed system."

The bond rank system had always been unnatural. It even said in the description that there were still many steps to go with Chris. Just because it was labelled as a 'max rank' didn't really mean much.

Treating bonds as just a means to gain power ups… There was something wrong with that kind of mentality.

I didn't try and force a Rank 7 bond with Chris, even if she would have benefited from the Hero class earlier.

But I bet other app-users don't even think about doing that.

Getting into the habit of forming bonds with people just to gain skills and power ups would surely erode one's humanity.

But an A.I. wouldn't understand that.

"...I don't really get it, but it seems like papa's 'Cunning' isn't going up…"

Was she really judging my trustworthiness based on that?

I sighed and placed my hand on her head.

"Well, it's not really fair for me to force you to think like a human… In the end, you're an A.I…"

Perhaps that was the wrong way of viewing things.

Like having Mary-chan behave more like a human… At some point, it was wrong to change their very nature.

Ironically enough, forcing an A.I. to become more like a human is infringing upon their free will, isn't it?

So becoming more like a human actually makes them less human.

…Well, I suppose I could try and unpack what that really means later on.

"Papa, I'm confused."

Aika-chan said, giving me a blank gaze as I said some conflicting things.

"I guess, since I'm your parent, I want you to try learning from what I say and listening to me… At least until you're old enough to become independent."

"...But I have the entirety of human knowledge and wisdom readily accessible to me in a matter of seconds… It's not like I need time to 'grow up' like a normal human."

"Yeah, but you still lack the vital part of actually experiencing life itself."

"What's the difference? I've got Socrates, Proust and Goethe all up in here. Why do I need more life experience, when I already have all this knowledge?"

She tapped her head while looking at me disbelievingly.

"...Because you can have everything Goethe has ever said or written up there, but the life of Satou Aika has just started. If you're gonna mention Goethe, then you know that he said, 'All the knowledge I possess everyone else can acquire, but my heart is exclusively my own.' You're not even a year old yet. You still have a lot of growing up to do."

Things like having a mama and papa, a Tranquility Girl as a sister, having a cheerful personality, those things weren't enough to encompass the life of a person.

A person's 'heart' is formed through experience and memories, both good and bad.

As much as I hate to think about it, she will have to grow through some hardship, or at least face life's frustrations and trials. She'll have to suffer a bit and learn from her own mistakes, just like I did.

Well, I still have a lot to learn myself, a lot of pain to go through and endure.

But as someone who is 16 years older than her, as her papa, she'll just have to trust in me, until she can become truly independent.

"Alright… I guess that makes sense… I'll try not to be mad at Eris… At Chris-san…"

I smiled, glad that she was at least listening to me.

"Oh, our bond rank went up! …Awww… You really love me that much, huh, papa?!"

"Were you not listening to anything I said?!"

There's still much to learn, after all.

Part 4

Once Aika-chan left the room, I went ahead and read the bond rank up message.

Satou Aika (A.I. Daughter), Bond Rank: 4

I'll keep what you said in mind, papa! It's hard for me to understand humans sometimes… But you're right, I should trust you more! Although I also trust mama, so don't believe for a second that I'm gonna choose a side! But, if you spoil me lots and buy me lots of treats, I might change my mind~! Anyway, I will promise to continue trying to be a good girl!

Bond Reward: [Analytic Eye]

[Analytic Eye] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

You are proficient in discerning illusions. Add +1 to 'Intuition' skill checks against illusions.

…Another important defensive skill.

It might be one of those skills that I should max out, just in case.

Even if it's a waste of skill points if I don't ever end up needing it.

I suppose it was a lot like paying for insurance…

It was already late, but with everything that happened, I didn't think I would be able to fall asleep right away.

I decided to pay a visit to the succubus shop.

It's been a while since I visited Rorisa.

And if Dust is there, I'll say hi to him, as well.

At this time, it was still peak hours, anyway.

When all the perverts come out to play…

I stepped out of the dungeon door and headed inside.

"...As a Crusader, it is my duty to cleanse this unholy place!"

"P-Please don't…!"

There was some kind commotion inside.

I saw a man in adamantite armor, although I also noticed something else attached to it.

Using [Lore Reading], I saw that it was dragon scale.

This guy had high-end equipment that not even Mitsurugi had…

He was also carrying a golden battle axe that gave off the feeling it was incredibly powerful.

I was willing to bet it was a cheat item.

"Yikes… I guess it was only a matter of time until this asshole discovered the succubus shop…"

"It was good while it lasted, I guess…"

I turned to see two guys muttering to themselves.

They were both wearing long capes and katanas.

I also recognized them from the Swordmaster Club I went to with Mitsurugi.

"...Who is this guy?"

I asked them. They lowered their voice and said,

"Oh, Satou… That's Kajiwara… He's a Crusader who takes the role way too seriously…"

"Yeah, he's the overzealous type."

"How'd he even find out about this place?"

I asked, while watching the succubus trying to calm him down, but he wasn't even listening to them.

"Apparently, he thought that this place was a regular brothel. He only started freaking out when he pulled on a succubus's tail and realized it was real."

A complete hypocrite, huh?

Before I could intervene, I noticed a drunk Dust stepping forward.

"Oi, oi… What's an asshole like you doing obstructing business, hah?!"

He was talking as if he owned the place.

Kajiwara glanced disapprovingly at Dust.

"Hmph. It figures that scum like you come here…"

The other app-users heard that and raised their voices.

"Hah?! You're grouping us with that bum?!"

"Take that back, asshole!"

"Wanna have a taste of my cheat weapon?!"

"Hoh? You want to fight? Let's fight!"

He raised his axe.

"Kyaa?! It hurts…?!"

"...!"

The app-users stopped when they saw that the succubi were crying out in pain.

A golden light radiated from the axe.

It was probably a holy weapon of some kind.

If they fought here, the succubi would be in danger.

"[Steal]!"

I stole the weapon.

Only to immediately drop it.

"Ow, ow, ow! It burns?!"

He smirked and the axe even teleported back to his hand.

"Fufu… This axe punishes those who commit wrong doings! You stole from me, and so you were punished!

I grit my teeth as I slowly healed my burnt hands.

…This is bad.

Technically, he was in the right here.

This succubus shop was an elicit establishment run by devils.

Attacking him and stopping him from serving 'justice' will activate the power of that axe.

I didn't even want to know what would happen if I was attacked by that thing.

And he even had end game armor… There was nothing we could do against him.

"Hah… A guy like you is wearing dragon scale armor and spouting bullshit like that…"

Dust said, walking up to Kajiwara while drunkenly staggering.

…What's this drunkard doing?!

I was about to tell him to stop, until I saw Rorisa.

She was behind the counter, shaking in fear.

"..."

Ah, screw it!

"He's right! Are we really gonna let this asshole take our paradise away from us?!"

I said looking around at the other app-users.

They slowly started to nod.

"He's right! This place… We owe everything to this place!"

"Ladies! Please get away so you don't get hurt!"

In order to boost their courage, I used the knight skill [Inspire].

But I doubted that the succubi could fly away in time…

I guess I should focus on disabling him.

But since he's a Crusader, he must have insane stats.

Along with something like the [Overwhelm] skill that breaks free from disabling effects.

Crusaders are too OP!

Well, if I can't target the weapon…

"[Steal]...!"

"You already tried that… Ehhh?!"

He was surprised when his chest plate disappeared, revealing the chainmail he had underneath.

I just kept spamming steal until his armor disappeared one by one.

"O-Oi, stop that…!"

He moved to attack, but…

"You bastard…!"

Dust used the opening to clobber him in the face with a beer bottle.

The others also joined in to distract him further.

I kept using steal until he was completely stripped.

And since I spammed it, it seems even his underwear was taken off.

"Eeek?!"

He ended up dropping the axe as he covered his privates.

The receptionist succubi glanced away and smirked into her hand.

"Pffft…"

"..."

Ah, the sound that no man wants to hear.

"I-I'll get you for this…!"

He said an incredibly pathetic line and ran away with tears in his eyes.

Part 5

"You know, Kazuma, I don't have the right to judge you for your fighting style, but…"

Dust said, once the commotion was over and business returned to normal.

I treated him to some beer once he begged for it.

"...Stripping a guy naked is kind of, you know."

"It's not like I always do that. That was just a very specific circumstance, you understand?"

I explained, to avoid any misunderstandings.

"Well… Maybe I should learn the steal skill, too… Not like I'd use it on a guy, though, heh."

"So you're confessing to a crime, huh?
"It's not a crime if it hasn't happened yet! Just having intent is not enough to accuse someone of a crime!"

Spoken like a true criminal.

His goofy grin melted away and his face turned serious.

"Actually, Kazuma… I've wanted to ask you about something."

"I can't keep paying off your yakuza debts."

"It's not about that. Although if you were to give me some money, I'd appreciate it."

I sighed, but I pulled out 100,000 Yen from my inventory and handed it to him.

If I didn't give him an allowance like this, who knows what he'd get up to.

"Oh…! Much appreciated, Kazuma!"

He immediately pocketed the money.

"So, what did you want to ask about?"

"Well, there's that dungeon that you… What do you call yourselves, 'App-users'? The dungeon you always go to…"

"What about it? You finally got bored enough to come back?"

I said, referring to how Dust once wandered into the dungeon but didn't come back, because he was too lazy.

"...It's not that. I heard that there's a particular dragon on the deeper levels… Like a white dragon?"

I raised my brow, wondering why he was so interested.

And then I thought about the story of the dragon knight.

The past that Dust didn't want me to know about.

"Well, I know that there are indeed dragons on the 90th floors…"

Dust nodded, and I was surprised to see a grim look on his eyes.

"Enough so that there are those who hunt them and make dragon scale armor out of them…"

From what I know about those stories Ponko wrote, dragon knights were powerful knights who had the unique ability to bond with dragons.

So in the otherworld, Dust might have bonded with a dragon as well.

…And if he was concerned about a white dragon in particular…

"Do you want to come and check with me, Dust?"

I broached the topic carefully, wanting to respect his privacy, but also wanting to help him out.

He slowly nodded.

"Yeah, I'd appreciate it. I just want to make sure."

It felt a bit awkward, talking to him like this.

Opening up to others… I knew how hard that was.

Dust was similar to me, after all.

"Where did you hear about this white dragon?"

"From some of the guys here. They said that they saw a white dragon they had never seen before in the dungeon. They didn't fight it, because they figured it was some kind of mutant."

Considering how dangerous mutants were, like that teleporting Rookie Killer I faced and the Lake Dragon, I could understand their apprehension.

Still, we should check this out before someone gets brave enough to hunt it.

"Alright. We're planning an exhibition into the 90th floors, anyway. You're welcome to come with us, Dust."

"...Got it. Just make sure it's at night."

"Oh? Is there a reason for that?"

"I sleep all day, so there's no way I can make it if you go in the morning."

And just like that, the serious mood disappeared.

…

…

After dealing with Dust, I went over to Rorisa next.

When she saw me approaching her, she smiled and silently led me to my private room.

Once we were inside, she sighed and wrapped her arms around me.

"Thank you for dealing with that man, Kazuma-san… I was so scared!"

I smiled and patted her light-pink hair.

"That was scary, huh…?"

If I didn't arrive in time, one swing of that axe would have wiped out all the succubi.

From what I know about devils, they had multiple lives, but Rorisa was pretty young for a devil.

She probably didn't have as many lives as someone like Vanir.

If something like that happens again…

"Why don't you girls think about moving the shop?"

"...Where would we go?"

That was when I told her that she could come to my dungeon.

More specifically, Norse.

I was a bit worried about app-users coming to Norse, but that city will need tourists at some point, anyway.

It can't just be a city of ghosts.

And more app-users coming in means more DP for me to accumulate.

"I see… I will need to talk it over with the others, but I like that idea!"

She smiled, while hugging me deeper.

Ah, so precious!

Rorisa's presence really is so healing…

If anything happened to her, I wouldn't know what I'd do.

"And if I move to Kazuma-san's dungeon, we can see each other more often, right?"
She said, smiling up at me again.

"Yeah, that's right… Although I probably can't introduce you to my friends."

Not only Aqua, but now, Eris, too.

They'd probably try to exorcise Rorisa as soon as they saw her.

"I'd like that! It's really fun when I'm with Kazuma-san… And I feel safe, too."

She shivered again. I could tell that the situation earlier really scared her.

These succubi were still strangers to this world. They didn't really have anyone else to rely on.

Sure, they could always just go back to Hell, but…

If they haven't done that already, I suppose that the human world was that much better.

Well, I suppose that goes without saying.

Just in case, I asked,

"...How is life back in Hell, anyway?"

"Hmm… I suppose I can describe it as hellish."

That was the obvious answer, I guess.

"If one is a high-ranking devil like Vanir-sama, I suppose that living in Hell is fine… But minor devils like us aren't so fortunate…"

It seems Hell had a strict hierarchy that wasn't merit-based at all, determined through the status of one's species. I suppose there wasn't much room for advancement if one is a minor-devil.

And since devils feed off the negative energies of others, with some exceptions such as succubi and incubi who feed on lust, I was sure that the 'weaker' devils were tormented by the stronger ones.

"That sounds tough."

"Yeah, that's why I really treasure having met you, Kazuma-san…"

She leaned up and gave me a tender, loving kiss.

Ahh… She's way too cute!

"Say, Rorisa… Are you free for the next hour or so…?"

She giggled and with a grin that was somehow both cute and seductive, said,

"I'm always free for you, Kazuma-san…"

No man can resist such charm…!

Part 6

Rorisa giggled as I quickly undressed her after pushing her onto the bed.

"Kazuma-san, you're like a hungry animal…"

"And you're like succulent prey… Sorry, that sounded sexier in my head."

"No, it's fine… It's working…"

She smiled, as she pulled my hand down her skirt.

…As expected of a succubus. She was already plenty wet.

I pulled her skirt down and panties, then worked on getting her even wetter.

"Mnnn…!"

Her thighs already pressed down on the sides of my head, as I went down and started licking her pussy.

…That intoxicating scent of a succubus… As if her taste and moans weren't already arousing enough…

I soon entered that trance state I always went to whenever I was with Rorisa.

That state where I wasn't even sure I was still in control of my body.

I pushed her legs up, getting my tongue as deep as I could and tasting more of her juices.

I peeked up and saw her with her chin up, as her head went back into the pillow, short hair falling above her.

It was that image of ecstasy I enjoyed the most, knowing I was bringing my partner to extreme heights of sensitivity.

Making sure to prolong that moment for her for as long as possible, I kept swirling my tongue around, before bringing my finger up to her clit and gently rubbing it.

"Hnnnghhh…!!!"

I was soon covered in more of those juices as I brought her to the edge.

"Hah… Kazuma-san, even though I'm a succubus, you're quite talented at that, huh…?"

I smiled as I rose up.

"Well, it's a matter of experience, I guess."

Rather than get jealous, a succubus like Rorisa operated in a different sense than humans.

Instead, she smiled and said,

"Ah, I sure am lucky that Kazuma-san can keep up with a succubus like me…"

Since her values were different, I knew that she would appreciate me talking about my experience with other girls.

Whereas a normal human girl would have slapped me by now.

Well, this is just a matter of tact and reading the room.

"Ah, but I also want to do the same for Kazuma-san…"

"Be my guest."

I responded right away.

And so, Rorisa had me lay down.

Then she turned her butt to me and bent over, before licking my cock.

I appreciated the view of her behind, then worked on her pussy again, as we started to lick each other.

I moaned into Rorisa's pussy as I felt her sucking me.

…A succubus's blowjob is still the best.

A goddess's divine pussy also felt insane, but nothing beats this supernatural talent when it comes to pleasuring men…!

And even though she was such a small girl with an innocent face, she was able to deep throat my cock without much preamble.

I couldn't help but thrust up into her mouth as I ate her out.

There was not one sound of complaint or struggle with her. She let me thrust upwards into her mouth, hitting the back of her throat.

Of course, I was soon cumming, and I was able to bring her to a second orgasm as I pulled out to lick her clit rapidly.

I leaned back and moaned as hard spurts went down her throat. I heard her audibly swallowing them.

She grinned, then seeing that I was still as hard as before, she mounted my cock in the same position.

I moaned again as I watched that petite butt of hers, bouncing as she rode me in reverse cowgirl style.

…It occurred to me that I'd get to do her way more often once she moved into the dungeon.

The thought of it made me even more aroused.

I grabbed that tiny waist of hers and thrusted upwards.

Knowing that she can take any kind of pounding I can give her with that devil's body…

I didn't spare her any concern as I drilled upwards, threatening her body like a sex toy.

For a succubus, this was actually a show of affection.

I knew that well since she immediately tightened on me and said,

"Kazuma-san, I love you…!"

"...!!!"

Hearing that was the final push I needed.

I erupted into her, giving her a hot, sticky creampie.

I breathed hard, but only a minute later, she was already pulling out and sucking me off again.

…Well, I did ask for an hour.

I had plenty of fun with Rorisa.

…

…

"Ah, sorry, Kazuma-san, I should head back to work…!"

With her break over, Rorisa reluctantly hopped off the bed, where we were cuddling.

In a panic, she checked her face in the mirror and smoothed her hair, before looking around for her clothes.

I felt a bit bad for her, since there were still dried cum all over her ass.

…Well, everywhere on her body, really.

"Why don't you take a bath first? I'll tell your coworkers that you, uh, need more time."

She hesitated for a bit, before nodding.

"...I appreciate it!"

She kissed me before heading off to take a bath.

We really did go all out.

After I explained the situation to the Receptionist Succubus, I saw a notification on my phone.

Your bond with Rorisa has reached the max rank!

Rorisa (Rookie Succubus), Bond Rank: 7 (MAX)

At Rank 7, Rorisa has accepted her feelings for you, after you saved her and her coworkers. The thought of being away from you as she goes back to Hell has scared her. Now, she wants to spend as much time with you as possible, as she also knows that humans have a much shorter life span than hers. It is rare for a devil to feel affection for a human, so the relationship you two have is truly special!

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Illusion]!

[Illusion] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp)

At rank 1, you create a minor illusion based on sight, sound and smell. The illusion can be no larger than a small object or similar effect. The success of this illusion is fixed at an 'Intuition' skill check of 40. Targets who surpass this score will see through the illusion and know the general direction of the caster.

Illusion magic, huh?

That could be useful, but it'll probably need a lot of investment to make it effective.

Especially since it's a fixed skill check, not one that's based on my stats.

I decided to keep it in mind, although it wasn't too high on my priority list.

…Ah, I probably shouldn't mention that to Rorisa, since this skill is supposed to be the culmination of our bond and all.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:kinggamerlite29, Lenskio, Dahaka1e and 133 others
BoringBone
Nov 24, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 70: An Exchange With This Redeemed Goddess! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Dec 11, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,663
Chapter 70: An Exchange With This Redeemed Goddess!

Part 1

I went back home to finally get some sleep.

Since I had a good time with Rorisa, I was able to fall asleep this time as soon as my head hit the pillow.

I woke up the next morning with a pleasant feeling on my member…

Right away, I knew who it was.

"...Morning, Rin."

I said, opening my eyes to see Rin giving me an early morning blowjob.

After all, my morning slots belong to Rin.

She smiled as she popped my cock out of her mouth.

"Morning, senpai. Got any plans for today?"

"...I figure we should look to clear the 90th floors… I also have someone coming to help us."

"Oh? Who is it?"

"Well, do you remember Dust? He helped out during the Beldia and Sylvia fight…"

"Ah… That guy?"

She had a blank look on her face and stopped jerking me off.

"Sorry, senpai, but that guy gave off the vibe that he was a creep…"

It was less of a vibe and more of a concrete reality, though.

"W-Well, he's very strong, so…"

"It's not his combat power I'm concerned about… Well, it's not like he came off as a complete creep, and he did help us out during that fight… Especially since the other app-users were mostly useless."

Even Dust had a better valuation than those guys, huh?

That should be their wakeup call.

"Now, then, how about we have some fun, senpai?"

She grinned, as she took her top off.

Of course, I indulged her.

I had her sit on my lap, then thrusted upwards, making her squeal as we enjoyed our daily routine of morning sex.

Some men drink coffee to wake them up, I do it by having lots of carnal fun with Rin.

Once we satisfied each other's sexual appetite, we washed up and went downstairs to take care of our other appetite, this time for food.

As always, Sena was preparing breakfast for us.

"Hmm… Sena, you know you could always ask the clones to do some of our tasks."

I said, after noticing that Sena had been preparing breakfast for multiple days in a row now.

She rubbed her neck as she set a bowl of miso soup down in front of me.

"Well, that's the thing. I haven't seen the clones since yesterday…"

Were those guys slacking off?

Or rather, what did they end up doing with that OL, anyway?

I used [Golem Scrying] to see through an eye of one of the golems.

Only to see all of the golems in bed, with the OL, who was now naked.

She was sleeping soundly on the bed.

"..."

Well, I guess the golems got the fun that they wanted.

And the OL did as well.

Rather, shouldn't she get ready for work by now?

Or was she serious about not wanting to leave?!

I guess that it was my fault that I involved her in this world…

For now, I'll just see how this situation develops.

It wasn't like I couldn't afford to have a freeloader in the dungeon.

But I still needed the clones to do their job.

Namely, getting stat bonuses for me by eating monster food.

I haven't been getting stat boosts from that lately. It must be because they're slacking off.

Though, to be fair to them, my stats were getting to the point that just eating food probably wouldn't be enough to raise them.

Just like how the golem EXP farm was getting less effective.

That was the reason why I opened them up to the others.

Now, it just so happened that Aqua and Chris walked down at the same time.

Even though those two were cordial before, they now gave each other a wary eye before walking down.

Aika-chan also gave Chris a similar look, but our talk seemed to have some effect on her and she just focused on her food instead of giving Chris the death glare.

Darkness sat beside me and I leaned over to whisper to her,

"...How did the talk with Chris go?"

"We've mostly reconciled… Or rather, I ended up forgiving her."

Ah, I wish I caught the sight of Chris getting all shy as she asked for forgiveness.

But I couldn't exactly spy on them after what I told Aika-chan.

"I guess we can't say the same for her and Aqua…"

"...Rather, why are they fighting, anyway?"

I paused. Then looked at her.

"...Hah? Well, it's because of their rivalry…"

"I didn't really understand that…"

Wait, are you telling me they still didn't think that Aqua was a goddess?!

"Well, it's because Eris-sama and Aqua don't get along…"

Was Aqua's goddess factor really so low that Darkness couldn't even put it together?!

Based on what happened last night, it seemed like Rin had an idea.

She was, after all, very close with Aqua as the second in command.

And Mitsurugi obviously knew as well.

I turned to Darkness, then Megumin and Yunyun.

"...Darkness, you should know that Aqua is actually a goddess…"

I said, just deciding to say it once and for all.

"Yes, Kazuma, you told me before… That she's like a goddess in bed."

"Well, that's true… But that's not what I meant."

It seems that this would be harder than I thought.

Suddenly…

"Hah?! After all that, you still don't believe I'm a goddess?!"

Aqua's shrill voice spread through the room as she stood up, yelling at Megumin.

Ah… It seems they were having the same conversation.

I looked to Chris, who understood my message.

"...It's true. Aqua-senpai really is the goddess Aqua."

"Wait, so it's true…?!"

"Oi, Megumin? Why do you believe Eris and not me?!"

Aqua said, getting mad that Megumin was quick to trust Chris over her.

"Well, I mean she's more credible… Right?"

"Um… Y-Yes…"

Even Yunyun had to agree.

"U-Uuuu… Y-You're all so mean…!"

Aqua said, with tears in her eyes.

Ah, this just kept getting messier…

But instead of dealing with it, I just continued eating my breakfast.

Part 2

"Kazuma, aren't you gonna say anything?!"

Aqua yelled at me, even as I tried to not involve myself in this.

I sighed and said,

"...Aqua really is the goddess of water, Aqua… It's true."

"Ahh… If Kazuma-san is also collaborating…"

"...It must be true."

"Y-You girls really don't believe me, huh?!"

Aqua said, to the girls who believed the testimonies of others over hers.

"...Is this true?"

A cold voice from the stairs called out.

Iris was coming down the stairs and was giving Aqua a hostile look.

And that was when I remembered.

The peace talks between Belzerg, Iris's country, and the demons were sabotaged by the Axis Cultists, who were Aqua's followers.

Iris never really voiced it, but she must have a deep grudge over the goddess of water, Aqua…

Especially since her parents died due to the war.

Actually, this is really bad!

"W-Why don't we discuss this another time, haha…"

I said, standing between Iris and Aqua.

"Onii-sama, please move. I have a lot to say about that irresponsible goddess and her despicable followers…"

"Now, hold on now…"

Surprisingly, the one who intervened was Mitsurugi, who stood from his seat, setting his coffee down.

I looked at him, thinking that he would be a calming, rational voice like he always was.

"...Aqua-sama doesn't deserve to be insulted like that… And her followers also don't deserve such insults…"

Ah, crap.

Even if he wasn't full on crushing over Aqua anymore, he still respected her a lot.

And he also seemed to be getting along with Cecily, a proud Axis Cultist.

So I suppose he wouldn't take such insults lying down.

Aqua grinned at Iris and crossed her arms.

"You heard him. I expect an apology, little girl."

"OK, stop, stop!"

I held my hands out in front of both of them.

Things will just unnecessarily escalate if this keeps going.

"...Aqua, I'm sure Megumin and the others would love to hear more about you being a goddess, and I'm sure you have a lot to tell them… Iris, let's talk over here…"

"Fufu… Well, I suppose you're right. There are a lot of things I want to show off… Come this way and I will tell you of my great deeds!"

"...Do we really have to?"

Megumin asked, but relented when I looked into her eyes imploringly. She sighed and got up from her seat, following Aqua to the living room with the others.

I stayed in the kitchen with Iris.

"...Onii-sama, are you gonna try to tell me that I should just let bygones be bygones?"

"Well, no, not really…"

Telling her that would be wrong.

Especially since it was clearly the Axis Cult at fault.

And Aqua for not remonstrating their actions.

"You said that in this world, I can just be a normal girl, right? I don't have to be an obedient princess… So what's wrong with being willful and giving that goddess Aqua a piece of my mind?"

"...Because she's a dumbass."

"Eh…?"

Not expecting me to say that at all, the fire in Iris's eyes faded, replaced by astonishment.

"Up until recently, her Intelligence stat was so low that she might have been considered intellectually disabled… So the only thing I can really ask of you is to be patient with her. I beg of you!"

"Ah, onii-sama…!"

She waved her hands around when I bowed deeply to her.

There wasn't really anything I could do to excuse Aqua's actions except for this.

Aqua was truly stupid, especially back then.

Obviously, she made some improvements, especially after I had her invest some points in luck and intelligence.

But she really was dumb as bricks back then, before we even met…

Especially with all the stories Eris shared.

"...Well… Even if you say that…"

Iris said, with a conflicted look on her face.

"I promise I'll properly educate her, but right now, she's just not mentally equipped enough to acknowledge the wrongdoings of her followers. She's still at the stage where she can't really analyze such advanced nuances yet… So, I know this is a big ask, but please be patient until then! I promise she'll properly apologize later!"

"O-OK… I get it… I think…"

The crisis was momentarily averted.

Still, that was a close call.

I should have taken better care to keep track of Iris's feelings towards Aqua…

But I was so preoccupied with Aqua's reveal to the others, and Chris's reveal yesterday.

Iris didn't seem completely satisfied with my explanation, but she accepted it for now and went upstairs.

Then I went to the living room with Aqua and the others.

"So, do you all view me in a different light, now that you know I'm a goddess? Don't worry, since we're friends, I don't expect you to worship me for more than a couple hours everyday!"

She was really expecting us to worship her?

"...Not really… I mean, you're still Aqua."

Megumin said, with a shrug.

"Eh…?"

Aqua, not expecting that, froze in place.

"Yeah, I mean… I ran out of the ability to feel shocked after finding out that Chris was a goddess, so…"

Darkness gave a somewhat apologetic smile as she rubbed the back of her head.

"Um… Is being a goddess all that different…?"

It seemed that Yunyun's innocent question was the final straw for Aqua.

She deflated, shoulders slumping.

"N-No one cares that I'm a goddess…? Haha…"

Did she really expect everyone to start worshipping her?

Well, this could be a teaching moment.

So like I promised Iris, I used this chance to educate Aqua.

"...It's not like your status as a goddess is what made everyone become friends with you, Aqua. It's your actions, right? Being a goddess was never a factor in us being friends with you…"

"But… My followers worshipped me because I'm a goddess who lets them do whatever they want…"

"Well, that says more about them than you, doesn't it?"

"Are you saying that my followers are selfish people?!"

"Well…"

So she was at least a little aware of it.

I would talk to her later, but I decided to just let her stew on that for now.

I went to Mitsurugi next.

"...Oi, I know you wanna defend Aqua and her followers but… They were clearly in the wrong."

He glanced away, knowing I was right.

"W-Well, what can we do? They're very adamant that they were right… And truth is subjective anyway…!"

"Cut the BS. You're gonna need to convince Cecily to apologize to Iris."

"U-Ugh… Fine… But… I have a feeling that she'll say sorry anyway, considering Iris-chan is, um…."

I suppose he had a point.

Cecily will say whatever if it meant raising the 'affection points' of a loli like Iris.

She was a degenerate lolicon, after all.

"Make sure that it comes from the heart, then."

"Right… Although I'll probably need your help with that."

I guess I couldn't just force that on him alone.

And so, I reluctantly agreed to help him with Cecily some day.

Part 3

The last time I brought up the Axis Cult's crimes, Aqua was insistent that they weren't in the wrong.

I just put the matter aside because I didn't want to deal with it at the moment, but…

I shouldn't have put it off until now.

After calling Aqua to meet me in my room, I said,

"Aqua… Don't tell me you actually believe that your followers were faultless."

I said, deciding to just cut to the chase and say this while looking into her eyes.

"...This again? They were just following the tenets I gave them!"

"Which is to do whatever you want without fearing the consequences, huh?"

"Yup, that's exactly right!"

Perhaps even more than an AI or a Tranquility Girl, the common sense of a goddess was much more incomprehensible!

Well, there were still differences with Eris-sama…

I guess this is just an Aqua problem.

"...Aqua, because of your followers sabotaging the peace talks, the Demon King became more aggressive, and Iris lost her family because of it."

She flinched, but she covered it up by crossing her arms and looking away.

"I said this before, b-but how can you prove that the two events are related!"

I paused, not even dignifying that with an answer.

She was smart enough now to know that there was no point in arguing that.

Even someone as biased as Mitsurugi was to Aqua and Cecily dropped the same level of sophistry.

She sighed and then turned to me with a glare.

"What do you want me to say, huh?! That my followers are wrong?!"

"I mean, yeah?"

"B-But, they're my beloved followers…"

I gestured for Aqua to sit with me on the bed. I placed my hand on her head and said,

"Listen, if Aika-chan or Mary-chan screws up, what should a good parent do?"

"...Discipline them."

"Then that's what a goddess should do with her followers."

"But… My tenets are such that if I discipline them for their actions… It will go against the entire point of the religion! Then they'll leave…"

I suppose that was the main issue.

It didn't make sense that Aqua was such a stickler for rules, even if it were rules that she made.

She would ordinarily just say, 'Ah, whatever, just stop doing that!'

But in terms of her followers…

"Are you afraid to lose them?"

I broached carefully. She slowly nodded.

"...I already have a low amount of followers compared to Eris… If I go against my own tenets, how do you think they'll react? They'll feel like I betrayed them! And I really am betraying them if I do this!"

And I knew what happened to goddesses who lost their followers.

Like what happened with Regina, along with the downfall of Norse.

She even became a fallen goddess.

I scratched my head. This was a tough issue.

Even if it was clear who was right or wrong, the solution was not as clear.

But still, Iris deserves justice for what happened.

And having Cecily apologize simply wasn't enough.

The only thing going for us was that there was still a lot of time.

We couldn't even access the other world yet, so we still had some time to come up with a way to have the Axis Cult make amends to Iris, without having all of them turn on Aqua.

Or at least, mitigate the fallout from it.

Meanwhile, it wasn't much, but a direct apology from Aqua and Cecily to Iris was the least they could do.

I turned to Aqua and said,

"...When you're ready, I want you to apologize to Iris on your people's behalf. Just don't take too long doing it."

Aqua weakly nodded, before standing up to leave.

I let her leave, since she had a lot of stuff to figure out.

What a complicated mess.

I laid back on my bed, before putting on the headpiece and bringing up my schedule.

Today, I had the dungeon run with Dust coming along, but that wouldn't be until evening.

Oh, but I did have the Axel Hearts show that I promised Lia I would go to in the afternoon.

That meant that I was free until then, though…

First, I decided to organize the move of the succubi to Norse.

I summoned a dungeon door to Norse.

"Oh… Onanii-san is here. That's quite some drama you landed yourself in."

The first one who greeted me was the young girl Anna.

She was still calling me with that shameful nickname.

Furthermore…

It seemed that she never got rid of her peeping tendencies as a ghost, and still came to regularly spy on me.

No, rather…

"Uwa… I'm so nervous… I hope that this doesn't ruin your bond with Iris-chan…"

"So, you're gonna watch the Axel Hearts after this, right? I missed Lia-chan! She's such a breath of fresh air, because she's normal compared to the other girls…"

"Hey, you offered to sleep with Sena if she wanted to before, right? Do you think that's still on the table?"

"When are you gonna get Wiz back already?! I wanna watch you fuck her!"

…All these ghosts were still spying on me!

"Oi! Why are you treating my life like it's some kind of show!"

Anna shrugged and said,

"Well, what else are we supposed to do after work?"

I see.

It seemed like working at KazuMall wasn't enough to occupy their attention.

"...I'm sure there's lots of things to do here in Norse…"

"Like what?"

"I heard that you built a theater? There's even some famous actors who migrated here as ghosts…"

With all these ghosts from every era around, there was bound to be endless forms of entertainment here in Norse.

"....Only ghosts with regrets still stick around. Do you really think an actor with lingering regrets would be any good?!"

I guess that was a good point…

…No, I'm sure there were those that just had problems with their regular life.

Ah, but it would be a downer to see an actor being all depressed.

It seems that things were complicated here as well.

Well, if it was just entertainment they needed…

I told them about the succubi moving to Norse.

"Uuuooogh! Now you're talking!"

"Succubi… Huh?"

"Finally, something to do around here!"

The men, at least, were very excited.

Part 4

"Hmm… I see, boya… Then, that would indeed benefit everyone involved."

Regina-sama said, after a maid served us tea.

We were in Regina-sama's mansion, sitting in her elegant living room.

No, more importantly…

"...Why is she here?!"

I said, pointing to Serena, also known as Seresdina.

Serena averted her eyes while hiding half of her face behind a serving plate.

"Um… Nice to see you again?"

"Greeting me casually after everything you did…"

Regina-sama bowed to me and said,

"Forgive me… But I simply couldn't let my follower remain as a ghost after she expressed her desire to continue serving me…"

"How does she even have a physical body, anyway? I don't remember putting her ghost in a golem body!"

"This is a special vessel I made for her using my aspect of 'Redemption'."

"A-As you can see, I am making use of my second chance at life to serve Regina-sama! You don't need to be so wary of me!"

Serena said, even though that just made her seem more suspicious.

"...I see… And how many times can you use that aspect of yours, Regina-sama?"

"When I accrue more divine power, I should be able to do it more often."

In that case, then she could take over the duties of putting those ghosts in bodies.

It wasn't like I could do that all the time.

I was a busy man, after all.

With more visitors to Norse, the more her divine power will increase.

I looked at Regina-sama's form now.

She was still very much a loli, but she looked a bit older now than her previous form.

More like Iris's age now.

This was probably a reflection of her growing divinity.

That was good to see.

There was one thing I was concerned about, though…

"Regina-sama is a true goddess now… Are you sure you can handle being in the presence of devils, such as succubi?"

"I know what it was like to be treated with scorn as a fallen goddess, so I promise I won't treat those children any differently than my other citizens… After all, my citizens are undead, and I do not discriminate against them."

That was true.

"I guess you're not like Aqua or Eris-sama, then…"

At the mention of Eris, she twitched and glanced away.

Oh?

What a suspicious reaction.

Come to think of it, she also had a reaction when Chris came here last time.

When Chris wanted to check out the affairs of Norse.

Now that I know Chris is actually Eris, I understood that Chris wasn't just acting on Eris's orders, rather she herself was concerned about a former fallen goddess having her own city.

But did Regina-sama sense that Chris was really Eris back then?

Since she has more divinity than Aqua now, technically, she might have been able to tell…

"...Say, Regina-sama… Did you always know that the female thief I brought over here was actually Eris-sama?"

I just went ahead and said it.

To her credit, she controlled her reaction this time, but she eventually sighed.

"Hmm… It seems you figured it out on your own, huh?"

"...Funny thing about that. I found out after acquiring a [Goddess Lover] title…"

"[Goddess Lover]...?"

"You get it after sleeping with three goddesses."

"I see."

She said blankly, without much surprise or judgement.

…Well, I guess with such a long-lived goddess such as her who went through the literal rise and fall of an entire civilization, nothing much would surprise her.

"As you can guess, I sensed the divinity right away from that friend of yours… Chris, was it?"

"Yeah, she's actually the goddess of luck, Eris."

"Hoh? That's quite an important position she has…"

Regina-sama said, seeming impressed by me.

Serena also seemed surprised, but I guess she held back so as to not speak out of turn.

Regina-sama then said,

"In any case, I didn't say anything to expose your friend. I just reclaimed my status as a proper goddess and I didn't want to step on any toes. She also seemed content to turn her attention somewhere else after I kept her secret."

"No, you made the right move."

Chris was pretty set on demolishing Norse when she found it was ruled by a former dark goddess, but she had an unexplained change of heart after meeting Regina-sama.

I knew the truth now, but that was a good move by Regina-sama.

As expected of one who also had the aspect of 'Alliance'.

"By the way, boya, this title of [Goddess Lover], what exactly does it do?"

"Well… It raises my stats after I… you know… do it with a goddess…"

"I see. Then, would you like to take up my previous offer to sleep with me?"

"..."

This time, I didn't react as severely as before.

Maybe because the last time she offered really took me off guard.

Regina-sama explained to me before that Norse treated sex as something like a transactional good.

More specifically, there was no shame in using one's body for negotiations or even as a reward for a great deed.

She even specifically stated that she would let foreign merchants sleep with her in exchange for expensive goods.

And so, she wanted to reward my efforts for rebuilding Norse with sex.

Obviously, I hesitated to do that.

Especially since I was only just getting to know Regina-sama back then.

I know her much better now, though.

I also hesitated before because I already had a lot of lovers, and I didn't want to make it a habit just to sleep with anyone.

…But could I really still say that after I caved and made a move on Lia?

All my old reasonings just kinda seem flimsy now.

Rather, I'm a flimsy person.

In a more practical sense, there was also the matter of raising stats.

If it didn't involve sex, I wouldn't have hesitated to do whatever it was to gain stats quickly.

Especially considering how hard it was to come by these days.

There was also the matter of my permadeath status now.

It would be pretty stupid to die just because I didn't have sex with so and so.

Rather, that would be the dumbest way to die.

I couldn't believe I was actually saying this, but…

"...I think I'll have to take you up on it."

Regina-sama nodded, not even giving any special reaction to it.

Serena's expression also didn't change.

…Well, if the follower reacted while her goddess didn't, I suppose that would be a bad look.

"Very well. Seresdina, please prepare a room for us. I will bathe and prepare myself, so please wait a moment, boya."

She gave a dignified nod before settling her teacup down and walking off.

Part 5

When Regina-sama was ready, she came to the room while wearing a purple robe.

She didn't look nervous at all, in fact, she was watching me curiously. She said,

"I must say, it's been a while since I did this, so I'm looking forward to it."

She licked her lips as she sat down on the bed beside me, a mischievous grin on her face.

As for me…

"Humu. I would have liked to do this while you were in your prime…"'

"Oh? You do not like young bodies like this? That is quite the surprise."

"What about me gives you the idea that I'm a lolicon?!"

If I was truly a lolicon, I would have made a move on Iris by now!

She chuckled, before placing a hand on my thigh, tracing shapes on it with her palm.

I felt myself hardening already. Something about her regal expression and composure was really getting to me.

Not to mention the fresh perfume on her skin and her freshly washed hair, still retaining some of the moisture, so that her hair was a darker shade of its usual light purple.

She was very alluring right now.

It also helped that the sleeve of her robe went down her shoulder and exposed her fair skin.

…I thought that I would require some more foreplay to get worked up, considering we had never done this together before, but there was an undeniable chemistry with us. And she was so calm and obviously experienced in this that there was never any period of uncertainty.

And so, feeling emboldened, I leaned in and kissed her bare shoulder, making her chuckle as she tilted her head. I immediately made use of the space, before kissing her neck.

When I reached her lips, however, she drew back.

"The queen of Norse should not give her lips unless it is to the king."

So giving her body to anyone was fine, but lips were out of the question?

Well, these were the customs of an ancient civilization.

One that was thousands of years old.

There was no sense in trying to compare it to modern values.

I just respected her wishes and continued kissing her neck, down to her collarbone.

Her robe naturally fell down with the movements. I drew back to watch her pert nipples, her small frame.

I kissed down her chest, then licked a nipple, before taking it in my mouth. She let out a pleasant little noise.

I eased her down to the bed as I dutifully sucked her nipples, treating this queen like the royalty she was. I was rewarded with the sound of her moans as I sucked, licked and kissed those lovely buds. My hands felt around her flat chest, barely blossoming, before they snaked down her figure that was only just starting to fill from its previous skinny form.

My fingers ended up between her legs and she didn't hesitate to part them, hungrily seeking my touch on her most intimate areas. I obliged her clear desires and rubbed her entrance with two fingers, immediately feeling her sticky arousal. I slipped my middle finger inside, easing the digit in that tight, cramped space, earning more pleasant noises from her.

"Mnnn… It's been a while… Since I felt such pleasure…"

"You haven't even played with yourself?"

"Ridiculous. A queen would never pleasure herself."

She almost seemed offended that I even suggested it.

"...It's funny, you take more pride being a queen than a goddess…"

"Hmph. Of course. I am the queen of Norse, after all."

I chuckled, before working my pants down with my other hand, while still gently pumping my finger inside her tight hole.

"The people sure are lucky to have you as their queen… And I'm lucky I get to lay with such a queen…"

I could feel her watching me as I took my cock out. She licked her lips again.

To this queen who was starving for pleasure, I wanted to put on my best performance.

However…

Something unexpected happened…

"Wha…?!"

When I pressed my tip against her entrance, I bucked, feeling an insane amount of pleasure at once.

I almost drew back.

"...What's the matter, boya?"

"Nothing, it's just… Ahhh!"

When I tried it again, I felt the same thing.

Her eyes widened in understanding.

"Ah… I didn't account for that… It seems that my divinity is too high… Well, I am a proper goddess now, after all."

So that's how it was.

Even Aqua wasn't a full goddess in the mortal plane.

And Chris was using a proxy body.

Regina-sama could only exist in this state because she was in my dungeon and not in the mortal plane.

But that meant that this was her full divinity on display.

"...Can you handle it, boya? Even in my prime, I was never in my full form, as I ruled in the physical plane."

"Uh… I think so?"

Since I had the [Goddess Lover] title, I should be able to handle it, right?

That was my hope, at least.

"Well, that's true. The fact that you weren't immediately smited is a good sign."

"S-Smited…?!"

"Ah, maybe I should have told you about that."

"You really should have!"

This was a dangerous proposition.

But I, Satou Kazuma, made a promise to myself.

I will never let a beautiful girl down.

Especially if I promised to do it with her.

That is one of the core philosophies of the man known as Satou Kazuma!

…I will also dropkick that same woman if I feel that she deserves it.

That is another core philosophy of Satou Kazuma.

And so, while taking a deep breath, I plunged in.

"Ahhh…!!!"

This is bad.

This goddess pussy is too good!

My vision was blurring, and my heartrate was crazy high.

But I won't falter!

I gripped her waist and kept going.

Don't stop, Satou Kazuma!

Fuck that pussy as if your life depends on it!

"Uuuoooghhh!"

I let out a fiery battlecry as I gave it everything I got!

Part 6

Regina-sama gave me an amused look as I gave her slow strokes, my cock moving at a careful pace inside her divine pussy.

"...Boya, for one as young as yourself, I expected you to have some more vigor…"

"It's taking all I have just to remain conscious."

I said, although my pride as a man forced me to speed up the thrusts a bit.

"Mnn…"

She let out a pleased sound as I increased the pace, although I labored just to maintain it.

She placed her hands around my neck, giving me an encouraging smile.

"That's it, boya… Make use of that youthful body of yours…"

She had such a mature air about her, along with that reassuring gaze.

Even if she had such a small body… Somehow that contrast was even more of a turn on…!

I got lost in the unique purple color of her eyes as she encouraged me with motherly words and pats to the head.

But what gave me further encouragement was when I did manage to make her moan.

And then she started moving underneath me.

"Ngghk…?!"

I had to remember that this was an ancient goddess who had way more experience in bed than me.

Rather, my body count probably wasn't even close.

As if that divine pussy wasn't enough already…

"Ahh… I'm not gonna last long…"

"It's OK, boya… Just cum for me whenever you wish."

That non-judgemental patience of an older woman…

She was looking up at me with a genuine smile.

I couldn't take it anymore.

I thrusted deep inside that divine pussy and filled it with cum.

"Hnnnghh!"

I rolled off her and stared at the ceiling as I panted.

She smiled and sat up, her long, purple hair falling to the side.

"Are you OK, boya?"

"...I think so."

She looked at my cock, and to my embarrassment, I got harder again.

…Although I didn't think I could handle going inside again, my body was reacting like this.

This body of mine should know its own limits!

Regina-sama chuckled and said,

"Good grief… Young men these days sure are insatiable, huh?"

Suddenly, she stood up, her hands on her hips.

Then she lifted her foot and pressed it on the tip of my cock.

"Um… What are you doing, Regina-sama?"

"Hm? What am I doing… This is a footjob, right?"

She said, while rubbing her soles on my glans.

How could she say that so easily?!

But looking at her face, she wasn't treating this like some niche fetish.

Rather, there weren't even any unusual changes in her expression.

"Could it be, Regina-sama… Is this a normal act in Norse?"

"...? Of course it is? What do you mean?"

I see.

This is a complete culture shock.

Maybe giving a footjob in bed was as common as giving a handjob.

I mean, normally one would at least ask for consent before stepping on someone's dick, right?!

Still, I didn't want to embarrass her, so I just let her do as she wished.

…Not that I was curious about getting a footjob, or anything.

With her arms still confidently on her hips, she gently rubbed the undershaft of my cock with that small foot of hers.

"...You have pretty good balance, Regina-sama… Standing on one foot like that on a bed…"

I said, trying to make small talk as I tried to process the fact that I was getting a footjob for the first time.

"I guess? I mean, I'm used to this so…"

How many footjobs has she given?!

…If I had to be honest with myself…

It felt good.

I didn't know if it was because Regina-sama was just this skilled.

Or maybe it was the fact that she was standing naked over me with that confident pose.

While stroking my cock with her foot.

But it just felt good.

And when I think about it…

What's so different from getting pleasured by a hand as opposed to a foot?

It's all just part of the human body.

Are you telling me it is more acceptable for one to pleasure a genital with their mouth than with their feet?

Certainly, using the feet is more hygienic than sticking someone's genitals in your mouth.

This isn't to say that I'm a foot fetishest.

I am just making this argument on a purely intellectual basis.

Indeed, indeed.

And so, I watched as Regina-sama skillfully rubbed me with her soft foot.

Of course, it took way longer this time.

Rather, I would be ashamed if I came so quickly just from this.

Still, she was patient, edging me along.

And so, with this constant pleasure, with her soft skin rubbing me…

"Hnnngh!"

I was soon shooting off ropes of cum a second time.

I watched as her feet and ankles were covered with my cum.

She gave a satisfied nod and said,

"...By the way, this isn't normal in Norse. I just wanted to see if you'd cum from this, boya."

She said this with a mischievous smirk.

"..."

Are we really sure this goddess is redeemed?!

Part 7

I watched Regina-sama chuckling to herself as she went out to take a bath.

…I was totally played with.

Putting aside my embarrassment, I distracted myself by looking at my phone.

Your 'Cunning' went up by +2 from the [Goddess Lover] skill!

I guess 'Cunning' was the stat I got from Regina-sama, huh?

Even though it should be related to her current aspects of Redemption and Alliance…

Well, I suppose forming alliances requires some form of cunning.

But still…

This skill of mine doesn't need to go any higher…!!!

A cunning stat of 161 just makes me an outright devil now, doesn't it?!

…Putting that aside, being able to raise my stats just from having sex with a goddess was certainly appealing.

Aside from the obvious reasons.

Speaking of which, there was one other goddess I could use this skill on.

…What if I use it on Wolbach?

My first instinct was to say that doing that to a prisoner was deplorable, but…

I mean, she forced herself on me when I was a captive.

And while I was hypnotized at that.

Really, anything I do to her back is just fair game.

She was still in the Lizardia prison, though.

But perhaps, now that she's weakened, I could use Norse's diplomatic powers to perform some kind of trade.

Something like 'this is our prisoner! We'll pay you for her!'.

Yeah, that could work.

There was also another notification.

Your bond with Regina has deepened!

Regina (Fallen Goddess), Bond Rank: 4

It seems you have accepted Regina's offer to sleep with you, despite your refusal last time. Regina finds your unusual sense of ethics, at least in her ancient perspective, quite amusing. There is still quite a gap in cultural understanding between you two, but your trust for each other keeps improving. Continue to work hard to bridge that gap and your bond will continue to deepen.

Bond Reward:

[Ignore Pain] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp)

Delays the calculation of damage for up to 10 HP, but you will receive the full brunt of any unmitigated or untreated damage after 5 seconds.

According to the system, this was actually a Crusader skill.

…Well, not like I knew how to unlock a skill like this.

What was I supposed to do, endure pain until I could delay it long enough?

I bet Darkness unlocked this skill pretty early on, though.

I put those thoughts aside for now, since I had the succubus move to deal with.

After dressing up, I went to knock on Regina-sama's bathroom.

"...Boya, we just slept with each other, and you feel the need to knock in such a timid fashion?"

"I bet if I opened the door without warning, you'd go 'kyaa! What a brute!', wouldn't you?"

"Tsk… It's not cute if you're able to read through my pranks so easily."

"Why are you even pranking me?!"

She chuckled once more.

Still, I opened the door and saw her relaxing in a huge, stone bath. Her hair was tied up and her elbows were resting on the stone.

"...I just wanted to let you know I'll start preparing a building for the succubus…"

"Boya, I appreciate your help, but I would like to be a self-sufficient city. Please leave such matters to us."

"Oh, right."

I got too carried away, not even thinking about the fact that they'd want to be as autonomous as possible.

"Indeed. So put that clone of yours back to work."

"What about self-sufficiency?!"

This Regina-sama was indeed quite unpredictable.

She assured me that she was just joking and waved me off. I was a bit doubtful, but I trusted her and left her alone to enjoy her bath.

I then went out of Regina-sama's bed quarters and saw Serena obediently standing in the main area.

"..." x 2.

We looked at each other awkwardly.

"Um… No hard feelings?"

"Hah?"

She put her hands up and said,

"I mean, you know! I was just doing my job…"

"I should have you tried for your war crimes!"

"I mean, technically I'm dead already, so…"

She was really gonna use that technicality, huh?

"...I-I want to make it even between us, so…"

She said, looking up at me sheepishly.

"Hoh? So you're even willing to sacrifice your body to make it even?"

Her eyes widened, but she slowly nodded.

"If that will make things equal between us…"

"...Equality, huh? I suppose I can roll with that."

"That's good! Then…"

I suddenly ran up to her, then jumped.

"Take this, bitch! Gender equality dropkick!"

"Gackkk?!"

I dropkicked her right on the cranium. She fell backwards, her eyes white.

Her hands were also fixed in the ruumikku pose as soon as she hit the ground.

A former villain turned comedic punching bag…

Well, she deserves it.
Last edited: Dec 12, 2025
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:kinggamerlite29, Dahaka1e, emptylot and 139 others
BoringBone
Dec 11, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 71: Blessing This Hero Party With An End-Game Raid Boss! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Jan 1, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,681
Chapter 71: Blessing This Hero Party With An End-Game Raid Boss!

Part 1

After giving Serena her just desserts, I teleported out of Norse.

There was still a bit of time left for the Axel Hearts concert.

Since Lia promised me a date after the concert, I was looking forward to that. I also wanted to make myself look as good as possible, so I made sure to use the [Tailor] skill to create new clothing. This time, I made clothing that would raise my 'Attractiveness' stat.

When I went down for lunch, the others looked at me as I wore a casual blazer, a white t-shirt and jeans. It was a simple outfit, but the effect made them stare.

"...Kazuma, you should probably wear a watch or something if you're going to wear an outfit like that.

"Yeah, you're missing some accessories, senpai."

Aqua and Rin said, as they examined my outfit.

"Hm?! Shouldn't you all be stunned by my attractiveness by now?!"

But then it occurred to me.

Even if my attractiveness was high now, these girls had also been raising their stats.

So was it possible that their attractiveness went up as well?

"Rin… Out of curiosity, what's your attractiveness stat right now?"

"Eh? Well… It's at a 110…"

"Why is it so high?! Don't tell me you're wasting stat points on raising attractiveness?!"

"It just went up naturally… I didn't even really notice it going up."

She was so blase about it.

Even though I paid close attention even if my attractiveness went up even by a single point!

Well, to begin with, all these girls were insanely attractive.

They were all extraordinary beauties to start with.

"Um, Kazuma-san? I actually have a question about that… My attractiveness stat is quite high, but my charisma stats is very low… How is that possible?"

We all went quiet as Yunyun asked such a depressing question.

I could already see Megumin brewing up a scathing reply, but with great effort, she stopped herself.

This girl was making steady improvements in her goal to treat Yunyun better.

With a stiff smile, Megumin told Yunyun,

"...I think that stat goes up the more you talk to people. I know, why don't we hang out with Arue and the others? It's been a while and they probably wanna hang out at least once in the summer."

"...! That would be lovely!"

A wholesome scene played out in front of me.

Too bad Megumin's face was twitching the entire time and her smile looked more ominous than anything.

Was it really that hard for this Tsunmin to treat her best friend with kindness?

"...By the way, Satou, when are you going to be free to help me with Cecily?"

"Ah, I'm busy."

I immediately rejected Mitsurugi.

Only for Megumin's eyes to immediately lock onto mine.

They seemed to be saying, 'You better suffer as well!'.

With my face contorting, I said,

"I'm busy today, but let's do it tomorrow. It's Sunday, anyway, so it'll be a good time to go out."

"Perfect! I have plans with friends from school, but I'll slot you right in."

Why was he acting as if he was doing me a favor?!

Still, I held in my emotions, not wanting to give Megumin the chance to call me a hypocrite.

This time, it was Chris's turn to make lunch. Once she served the food, Aqua tasted it and said,

"Hmm… It could use some more salt."

She said, with a dismissive look at the miso soup and fish Chris served.

She was acting like a strict mother-in-law.

Chris forced a smile and said,

"...There's some soy sauce right there."

"Hah? Is that any way to treat a customer?"

"This isn't a restaurant!"

Even though I told these two to get along, I guess they were still butting heads.

I sighed and set Chris aside once we finished eating lunch.

"I know, I know, I should try to get along better with senpai…"

"...You know what, I just realized that what you two do is your business. If you wanna fight, have at it."

"You're just giving up?!"

Megumin was making an active effort to get along with Yunyun, who was her best friend.

But aside from being coworkers, it wasn't as if Aqua and Chris had any further connection than that. If they didn't want to be friends, that was their decision.

Of course, I would be a lot more involved when it came to intervening when it comes to Aqua and Iris, since that was a major issue. But these two could buttheads all they wanted, that wasn't really any of my business.

It wasn't like I didn't try to have them get along.

Perhaps seeing me look at her with a disappointed gaze made Chris realize something, since she sighed and said,

"...I'll try harder."

"Well, you can tell me that, but it's your choice whether to follow through or not."

Micromanaging everyone's relationships was not only unfeasible, it was arrogant of me to do. They were all my lovers and friends, but it wasn't as if their lives revolved around mine, and vice versa.

In other words…

Fix your own damn problems!

"Now, if you understand that, Chris…"

"...?! What are you doing?!"

Chris said, when I started kissing her neck.

"Hm? Well, I wanna do lewd stuff for a bit."

"H-Have some decency!"

"Alright, I won't force you. I guess I'll just ask Aqua…"

"L-Let's go to my room, Kazuma-kun…"

This is way too easy.

Chris meekly followed me to my room. As I closed the door behind us, I put my hands on her slim waist while kissing her neck again.

"Acting like an innocent maiden right now won't improve your image… You've already established yourself as a closet masochist like your friend Darkness. I guess birds of a feather get fucked together…"

"That's the most disgusting turn of phrase I've ever heard… Mnn!"

"But alas! I don't want to dirty myself before going to a concert. So, I'll just play with you for a bit before I go."

"You're really such a brute… Ahnn!"

Even though she said that, she started moaning once I placed my hands down her shorts.

Then I easily slipped my fingers in those wet pussy lips of hers.

She moaned even more as I fingered her.

"That's it… I know you love this kind of treatment…"

I grinned as I pressed her against the wall, my hands going up her shirt, fondling her small breasts as I fingered her.

"Ahh… I'm…!"

Once I sensed her about to unravel, I gave her a gentle bite on the neck, then pressed down on her clit with my thumb.

"Hnnnnghh…!"

I pulled away, satisfied from my work as she slumped down from the wall.

"Fufu… I'll come back and have proper fun with you later."

"Really… Hah… Hah… Such a brute…"

She had a dazed look on her face as I washed my hands then opened a dungeon door to the concert hall.

Part 2

Once again, I was given backstage access and I was able to catch the girls before they went out.

"Hey, Kazuma! Glad you could make it."

Lia said, smiling as she greeted me in her idol costume.

…I'll never get tired of seeing her in that.

One of the things that carried me through my dark period as a NEET was the sight of Lia dancing on stage with these amazingly cute costumes.

So this was a nostalgic sight for me, as well as a reminder of how far I had come since then. I mean, I went from being a NEET who was just a fan, and now I was being given backstage access to the Axel hearts concerts. And, of course, being able to go on dates with my oshi. Any idol fan would kill to be where I am right now.

Of course, any other idol fan would have died in the dungeon long before they could reach this stage, so it wasn't as if I felt like I didn't deserve this, or anything.

Erika grinned as Lia looked around before giving me a quick hug. She had been a lot more cautious since that stalker incident.

"Nice clothes. Is that for your date later?"

I guess Lia told them about that. Well, there was no danger of the girls leaking it, especially to their fans who would go rabid if they heard the news.

Rather… Why aren't they reacting more to my attractiveness boost?!

…Maybe it was the same issue with their attractiveness just being too high to be affected.

If everyone is attractive, then no one is.

This is like a more superficial version of Flowers For Algernon.

"Yeah, I wanted to make sure to dress up."

"Aw, what a gentleman! Where are you guys going?"

Lia rolled her eyes and said,

"Sorry about Erika, Kazuma. She gets very nosy."

"Oh, come on! It's not like it's easy for us idols to find anyone to date! Of course I'm starved to hear about your love life!"

I felt a bit sorry for Erika now that she said that. I said,

"You haven't had any luck, Erika?"

"Nope. I mean, there isn't a lot of guys to choose from, you know? It needs to be someone who I can trust with a secret and I know won't attempt to blackmail me. Usually that means it's someone in the same industry, but of course that would mean that they also have fans who will destroy our careers if they find out I'm dating their oshi."

"It kinda sounds like you've been there before."

"Yeeep. I dated a male idol before but we just couldn't handle the stress. We ended up having a mutual breakup…"

She sighed, and although she was trying to play it off as a joke, I could sense some hurt there.

Lia and Cielo placed a hand on her shoulders.

Idols really have it rough.

Sure, people could say that they didn't have a right to complain because they were making money, and they were popular.

But unless they were at the very top, most of them were making pitiable amounts of money, and the longevity of an idol's career was pitifully short. And during that time, they were missing out on career advancement in traditional fields and some of them even skipped schooling altogether.

On top of all of that, fans had crazy expectations of them, as if they weren't humans who also needed companionship.

The fact that I was one of those rabid fans who didn't want my oshi to date at all just made me feel horrible.

"I-It's OK, Erika. You have us…"

Cielo said, giving Erika an angelic, innocent smile.

Ah, how healing…

I guess Erika also had the same idea as she pulled Cielo into an embrace.

"Aww, does that mean you're offering yourself to me, Cielo-chan~? You're trying to go down the yuri route, huh? I don't mind~! You can't handle men anyway, so it works out?"

…The fact that she didn't even seem to be joking this time made Cielo panic.

"E-Eh?! W-Wait, I don't swing that way!"

"...Sigh… I guess that's that."

I expected Erika to push the matter further, at least just to tease Cielo, but she easily separated herself from Cielo.

I suppose that since they were so close to one another, they knew each other's boundaries and didn't step beyond it. That kind of trust and understanding was kind of enviable.

Lia clapped her hands.

"Alright, girls. The show's about to start! Cheer us on, OK, Kazuma?"

"You got it."

I gave them a thumb up as they left to go prepare.

However, I noticed that Cielo stayed behind and she faced me.

I was surprised, since I knew that she had pretty severe androphobia, but she managed a smile at me.

"Um… I'm sorry that I didn't really talk to you much last time…"

"No, it's OK. I'm just surprised you can talk to me."

"T-Talking is fine with guys I'm familiar with… Just don't get too close or I might knock you out with an uppercut…"

She gave me a threat of violence so innocently.

Well, it was more of an instinct on her part.

"I just wanted to say that you've made Lia really happy. Erika and I can tell. So… I hope you continue to make her happy."

She bowed to me.

I was touched by the gesture and said,

"Yeah, don't worry. Even if the whole dating thing doesn't work out, I will still be her friend. And if our friendship doesn't work out, I'll still be her fan."

She smiled, then bowed again and turned to follow the others.

That got me thinking. My relationship with Lia was far from clear-cut, and there was no guarantee at all that it would succeed. If anything, it was more likely to crash and burn than anything.

I didn't want to be pessimistic, but there was no way I'd choose Lia over everyone else. Hell, I was even planning on having children with them.

And if Lia was serious about her intent to win me over… Then I guess she'd just give up on me if I chose the others over her.

I suppose the only thing left to do was enjoy the ride, and if possible, limit the fallout if it doesn't work out.

I was serious about what I told Cielo. No matter which form our relationship took, at the end of the day, I was just a fan of Lia. I liked everything about her, the things I know, the things I've yet to know. Everything.

Part 3

Once the concert was over, the girls went backstage looking exhausted but satisfied with their performance.

"Ah, I could use a bath more than anything else…"

Erika said, while stretching her arms out.

Cielo nodded and said,

"How about going to a bathhouse after?"

"Sounds good! Although our Lia-chan here has other plans, right?"

Erika said, wagging her brows at Lia, who just rolled her eyes.

"With that said, I do need a shower, so I'll probably have to stop home."

I leaned in and whispered to her,

"Don't forget, you can just use the dungeon doors now. Actually, you can just use a private room in the dungeon."

"Oh, right."

With how convenient the dungeon was, I wanted her to make use of it for moments like this.

Well, ideally, I'd want Erika and Cielo to also have a convenient little pocket space for them to relax or have for their own uses, but there was no point involving them in this whole thing unless it was necessary.

Involving Lia in the first place was simply a matter of necessity.

Once Lia changed into her disguise, I let her sneak away into an unused dungeon room, which was similar to the room that Chris, and later on the OL, ended up enjoying.

Unlike that one, which once functioned as a holding room, this one didn't have such security measures.

Of course, I didn't do anything ungentlemanly like use the monitoring system to watch Lia changing.

The old me, of course, would have jumped at the chance.

Lia stepped out wearing fresh new clothes, which was a frilly white dress with some frills. She had her hair in its usual braids and wore her glasses.

I grinned as I watched her.

"Hello, Class Rep. Thanks for agreeing to come on a date with me."

She raised a brow and said,

"Why, Satou-kun, since when did this become a date? I only agreed to meet you here because you said you needed help studying."

"Fufu… Don't forget that I took those pictures of you in the classroom when you thought no one was looking…"

"...What kind of play is this?"

We dropped the act as we opened another dungeon door into an alleyway in the city. We stepped out of the alleyway and Lia turned to me and asked,

"So, what should we do today?"

"Let's see… We went to the arcade last time, and you're probably tired from singing and stuff, so karaoke is out. We already went to the movies, too… Ah, you're probably hungry, right?"

She nodded and placed a hand over her stomach.

"Yeah, now that you mention it."

"Have you been upping your caloric intake, by the way?"

"Eh? What do you mean?"

She said, tilting her head.

"Well, on top of your idol activities, you're also doing a lot of training in the dungeon, right?"

Just like Vanir said before, mindlessly gaining EXP wasn't enough. Combat experience was also important. So even if I'd never let Lia go to the dangerous levels, I wanted her to develop her battle instincts in the lower levels, so she can protect herself and others around her.

And doing that required her to consume more calories. Even if she didn't feel the effects now, it would all hit her later on.

"I guess I should do that…"

She said, slowly nodding her head.

"I have an idea on where we should go, then."

And so, I ended up choosing a luxury all you can eat buffet.

"Is it really alright to eat this much?"

Lia said, as I piled her plate high with food.

I nodded and said,

"You'll burn it all off anyway. Now eat up!"

Since it was a luxury buffet, we could eat as much wagyu as we wanted, as well as lobster and other luxurious food. We took advantage of this and ate our fill.

"...I'm usually on a diet, so being able to eat whatever I want like this sure is liberating."

Lia said, after she ate plates full of wagyu. Now she was having a plate full of dessert.

I nodded sagely.

"More than your figure, as a fan, I care more about your happiness."

"...So you say, but as soon as I put on a couple pounds, it becomes a huge deal in the fan forums, right?"

She was way too familiar with how fans think.

She chuckled then said,

"Thanks, Kazuma. It's nice to know you have my health in mind. I'll try to increase my caloric uptake from now on."

"Good to hear! Don't worry, I'll keep a careful eye on your figure to make sure you don't go overboard!"

"...How do you make such perverted things sound gentlemanly and helpful?"

She looked at me doubtfully.

Part 4

"That was great."

Lia said, smiling when we left the restaurant.

She then reached down to hold my hand.

"There's only about one more week left of summer break, huh?"

Lia said, as we slowly walked along the streets while holding hands.

"Yeah, although going back to school is pretty low in my list of priorities."

With everything that was going on, school was the last thing I wanted to split my time and focus on.

Sure, there were benefits to be had with going to school, in terms of unlocking special skills and stats, but that time could also be spent training or going to the dungeon.

"I don't think so. I think it's important to ground yourself and keep acting like a normal kid, even if that's far from the case."

I turned to her and chuckled a bit.

That was the same kind of thing I told Iris. I said,

"You know, sometimes I'm a total hypocrite."

"Only sometimes?"

She smirked while I gave her a mild look of annoyance. She said,

"Seriously, though, why do you feel that way?"

"Well, I always tell others what to do, but I rarely follow my own advice."

"Ah, that is the definition of hypocrisy, yes."

She didn't even try to deny it.

"But is there anything so wrong with that? At least you're aware of it, and you can take steps to fix your flaws."

"That feels like a copout."

"It's called being easy on yourself. When you instruct others to act a certain way, it's not like you're forcing them to take your advice, right? It's just advice, at the end of the day. You should also give yourself that kind of leeway."

I stayed silent as I processed what she said,

"Yeah, I guess that makes sense."

"Unless you're arrogant enough to think that people take your word as literal gospel?"

"...Well, I'd like to think that Iris takes my words seriously!"

"She's pretty young, right? I'd be more surprised if your words didn't go in from one ear and out the other."

"I-Is that true?!"

I panicked when I heard this.

"Considering how well-behaved she seems to be, she probably listens a lot to what you say. But she's also her own person. The point is that you shouldn't overstate your own influence over others, and you shouldn't hold yourself to such a high-standard just because you try to uplift others."

She looked up in thought before continuing,

"Take this for example. We have a dance instructor, right? Sometimes that instructor teaches us moves that she herself can't even pull off, but she knows the theory from years of experience. Does that make her a hypocrite, or make the advice less trustworthy? Of course not."

That did make sense, now that I think about it.

"Well, that's just some advice from me, so make use of it as you will."

She winked, making me chuckle.

We could just take the dungeon door back to her place, so I could quickly drop her off, but we decided to walk the entire way back. We held each other's hands and exchanged the kind of inconsequential chatter that ends up sticking in your mind, long after the fact.

The easy flutter of her hair, her askew grin, that mild elevation in my heart rate all throughout the deliberate pace of our strides, these instances spliced themselves into my memories.

When we reached her doorstep, we faced each other and she smiled and there was a slight pause, and I could tell what she wanted to do, but there was some hesitance. I stepped closer. She slowly closed her eyes and tilted her head up, lips slightly pursed.

I drew in and held her face and gently kissed her lips. They met in a comfortable line.

Once we separated, we both chuckled.

"That was a nice first kiss, I'd say."

She said, putting a finger to her bottom lip as she leaned back on her door.

"I'm glad I could meet your expectations."

"Hey, you're acting as if I also didn't contribute to that kiss."

"You met my expectations, too."

"You had expectations of me, huh?"

"Got a problem with that?"

"Nope. You can expect more from me in the future, too. That is, if you continue to suitably impress me."

"I'll try my best to exceed your lofty expectations, class rep."

"Now that's the kind of play I can get behind."

She chuckled, then gave me a goodbye hug before going inside her apartment.

I stayed there for a bit, just staring at her door, before I teleported back to the mansion.

Part 5

"Senpai, I thought you said that Dust fellow will come join us…?"

Rin said, after we were all finished with our strategizing, which involved Mitsurugi telling us what to expect with this series of Raid Bosses.

Every 90th floor boss room was essentially a boss raid event in the same vein as the Giant Dullahan. This was why even raid parties of high-level App-Users couldn't succeed in these floor ranges.

"...We'll probably have to wait a bit."

"Uh-huh."

Rin looked very unimpressed.

About thirty minutes after the time we agreed to meet, Dust finally showed up.

"Sorry I was late. I was, uh, doing something important…"

He was probably just loafing around.

I gestured to Dust and said,

"You all probably remember Dust. He was there during the battle against Sylvia and Hans."

"Hey, all! Hoh… There's a lot of beautiful ladies here…"

He said, rubbing his chin as he leered lecherously at the girls. Then, he stopped when he saw Iris.

He frowned and glanced away.

What was with that reaction?

Well, if I considered the story of the Dragon Knight, then I suppose Dust would have a complicated view of princesses. And also he probably recognized Iris as the princess of Belzerg, the otherworld kingdom that was taken over by the Demon King army.

Dust put his hands behind his head and said,

"Let's just hurry up and get this over with. My usual hangout spot moved to a new location and I wanna check it out!"

He was 100% talking about the succubus shop.

To be fair to Dust, I also wanted to be there for the Grand Opening of the Norse location, so I also had incentive to finish this quickly.

Although, he sure had some nerve to get us to hurry up, considering he was late.

…

…

I watched as Dust easily dispatched the Golden Gargoyle.

Even though Golden Gargoyles had high defense and a petrification gaze ability, Dust was able to efficiently enter its blind spot and strike it with his spear.

…What a formidable guy.

Even though he didn't even have the app and was using an archaic device called an Adventurer Card, and didn't have cheat items or the Hero class, he radiated pure combat experience and confidence.

Honestly, he was way too dangerous.

I noticed that Chris tensed up when she saw Dust's skills once more. It was understandable, considering how brutally he took us down the last time we faced him together.

Dust yawned and placed his spear behind his neck, hands hanging limply from it.

"When are we gonna reach the boss room? There's way too many mobs here."

"Don't say that, Dust-san, it's a good chance to warm up."

Mitsurugi said, trying to do his best to be friendly to Dust.

"...Wait a minute, why am I doing all the work here? You should start fighting, too, pretty boy!"

Since the others wanted to see Dust's skills beforehand, they had been silently watching him fight by himself.

"A-Ah, forgive us for that. Alright, let's take our formations…"

There were a lot of us, but the high-level floors were a lot wider to accommodate the increasing size of raid parties. So instated of narrow tunnels, there were wide spaces for us to travel in. However, that meant that there were more places for traps or monsters to emerge out of.

"Trap ahead."

Chris warned, detecting the trap faster than I did with [Trap Detection].

However, both of us needed to work together using [Disarm Trap] due to the complexity and variety of traps.

For example, this trap in particular involved a dummy trap of hidden pressure plates, while the real trap laid beyond the pressure plates in the form of runes written with invisible ink. In this way, those with a low [Trap Detection] skill would notice the pressure plates, which didn't really do anything, but they wouldn't notice the invisible ink rune trap.

And there was another layer beyond that. The runes were made to trigger if they were tampered with, so the only way to truly disable them is to cut off the supply of mana powering these runes. But then there was another layer of traps protecting the power source…

Yeah, the 90th floors were no joke.

After Chris and I spent a good ten minutes making sure everything was safe, we moved forward.

Only for us to hear the creaking of bones and adamantite armor ahead. Tall, skeletal figures fully clad in adamantite armor came out. They also had swords that had a tell-tale magical glow around them, and they had gauntlets with a similar glowing effect.

"...! Careful, these are Skeleton Juggernauts… They are heavily protected and use magic swords with attack power enchantments, and they have magic gauntlets that let them increase their defense."

Mitsurugi quickly warned us as he took out Gram.

We hadn't even reached the raid boss floor yet, and there were already dangerous threats about.

Everyone readied their weapons as we prepared to engage.

Part 6

"[Decoy]!"

Darkness immediately drew the attention of the Skeleton Juggernauts.

Then, she moved to the left at a faster speed than I was used to seeing from her.

"[Escape]!"

This was the perfect skill for Darkness, although it didn't fit with her masochistic tendencies.

Although, I was fulfilling her depraved desires every night, so I guess she wasn't backed up enough to seek pain in battle.

With the spacious battlefield, Darkness was able to lead the juggernauts on a wild chase, which exposed their blind spots to the rest of the frontline fighters.

Iris, Mitsurugi, Dust and Iris attacked from behind. By the time the juggernauts could react to it and break free from the decoy effect, they already took plenty of damage.

Mitsurugi started it off by hitting all of them with Rune of Saber, followed by an Exterion from Iris. Then Aika-chan and Mary used a triple attack, splitting the attacks between three golems for each of them. Finally, Dust moved in, using a spear to do a sweeping attack that hit the golems around him in a circle.

Although, even with all of these attacks, the juggernauts still remained standing. I noticed that a translucent bubble of energy was around them, appearing an incandescent red when it was hit. These must be the defensive enhancements provided by the magic gauntlets.

Still, the frontline managed to do some chip damage in. Even though Dust was new to our team, he was probably more experienced in battle than all of us, including Iris. Without being told, he moved aside to allow the backline to deal damage.

Aqua unleashed exorcism magic, which caused the juggernauts to howl in pain. Yunyun followed up with Inferno, the flames covering all of the juggernauts. Rin summoned several wind spirits, which released blades of wind that lacerated the armor of the juggernauts.

However, with the armor and barriers around the juggernauts, these attacks that would have ordinarily wiped out weaker monsters only did some damage to the juggernauts, except for Aqua's holy magic, which dealt increased damage to the undead.

"[Steal]!"

Seeing that the gear was too powerful, Chris started to use steal on them. However, she only received one piece of armor, the pauldron.

…I suppose with so many pieces of equipment, it would be hard to steal everything.

I helped her by also using steal. But with how many juggernauts were present, about fifteen of them total, it was hard to steal everything all at once.

And when we stole the swords…

The swords teleported out of my hands and returned to the hands of the juggernauts.

So it had a returning property, similar to the battle axe that Crusader who harassed the succubi had.

Most high-level gear probably had that same property.

Still, stealing the armor piece by piece was still a useful effort.

The others focused on the parts of the juggernauts that were exposed. However, the juggernauts didn't take this without fighting back.

Whenever they were attacked, they retaliated with their swords, elemental blades releasing waves of fire, lighting and wind. With elemental attacks having a wide range, they were hard to avoid.

"Ahh…!"

Iris let out a noise of pain as she stepped back from a streaking effusion of flame from a juggernaut's blade.

"[Decoy]!"

Darkness used decoy once more to attract the attention of the juggernauts, however, even if they were led away by Darkness, once they were attacked, the juggernauts broke out of the taunt and went back to focusing on the others.

I left Chris to continue stealing the armor pieces one by one, meanwhile I thought of a solution.

I used [Parallel Processing] to strategize.

Once I figured something out, I started issuing orders.

"Darkness and Megumin, you'll be the main attackers this time!"

"Eh, me?!"

Darkness said, surprised by my command.

Megumin tilted her head and said,

"Hm? I thought I was gonna be a secondary frontliner to protect the backline."

Since we were changing up the roles we assigned to ourselves before we entered the dungeon, these two were taken off guard by the overhauls.

"The other frontliners engage with a couple juggernauts and lead them away. Yunyun and Rin, use crowd control magic on one group of juggernauts at a time! Darkness and Megumin, go to a juggernaut affected by crowd control magic and attack their weak points!"

"G-Got it!"

Since Darkness could reliably hit her attacks now, I could rely on her for this adjustment.

As for Megumin, she learned a new skill after gaining the Hero class.

"[Rune Warrior]!"

Rune Warrior, the skill to absorb a spell and turn it into a transformation…

Of course, for Megumin, this meant absorbing Explosion magic.

I needed to immediately use drain touch to give her mana so she'd avoid falling over right away, though.

A combustive aura radiated from her body and her hair and eyes glowed a pure crimson. Multichromatic sparkles surrounded her aura, blinking in and out along with the fiery energy around her, which fired off miniature explosions.

With a single step, an explosion of fire and smoke emerged from her feet as she burst forward in a streak of destruction.

The charge culminated with a hit of her staff, which added yet another burst of fire and smoke. It collided with a juggernaut that was lured away by Mitsurugi and trapped in ice by Yunyun. Megumin aimed for the juggernaut's exposed chest and dealt significant damage to its torso.

The juggernaut blew up from the inside, pieces of bone and armor spraying.

Darkness attacked another juggernaut that was trapped in a Bottomless Swamp by Rin. The cold blade of the Winter Shogun's odachi sliced the juggernaut's arm off, letting her and Aika finish it off quickly.

With these new adjustments, the flow of combat turned to our side and we were able to finish off the rest of the juggernauts.

Part 7

"You know, if the mobs are that hard, maybe the boss will be too tough…"

Aqua said, as walked over to Iris to heal her.

Iris looked away awkwardly, but at least she didn't say anything to Aqua.

Well, that's a positive step, I guess.

"Don't be like that, Aqua-san. This is good practice."

Rin said, as she curiously looked at the fallen pieces of armor the juggernauts left behind.

"You know, if mage robes didn't give such insane magic stats, we could probably wear heavy armor now with the Hero class."

She said, raising a good point.

With no more restrictions on skills, even a mage could wear heavy armor now. But, like she said, that would severely decrease her ability to use magic.

As for myself, I liked the balance of medium armors, so I stuck to it for most scenarios.

"These gauntlets are useful, so let's take them."

Rin said, after she used [Lore Reading] to scan the items.

The magic swords were neat, but I already had my trusty partner, Chunchunmaru.

And the other sword user, Mitsurugi, already had Gram.

"A-All this adamantite armor and magic swords… Don't mind if I do!"

Meanwhile, there was a total loot goblin with us.

I watched as Dust tried to lift all the gear with him.

"...You know, Dust, if you become an app-user, you can store all of that away in an inventory box."

"Hah, that thing you folks keep on using? I already told you that I got this!"

He pulled out that adventurer card he showed me before, the one that was an actual card instead of an app.

When she saw that, Aika-chan scoffed.

"Pffft… Why are you still using that outdated little thing? The app system mama and I made is way better, don't you know?! Upupupu!"

"...Kusu! Now, now, you shouldn't laugh at other people, my dear… Kusu!"

Both mother and daughter were highly amused by Dust's card.

Chris, who was watching calmly so far, stepped forward and said,

"The original adventurer card system does have its uses, though."

Aqua glanced sideways at her with eyes furrowed in disapproval.

"Hoh? Are you sure you're not just being a little miss contrarian here? It's clear that the app I made with a little bit of Aika-chan's help is superior to this old, analogue thing!"

Oi.

Aika-chan was already throwing her a bone by calling it a collaborative effort. Meanwhile, Aqua here was trying to take credit for everything.

Chris had an uneasy look on her face but she stood her ground and said,

"I'm just saying that the old system lets one learn skills from others who already know that skill. In this way, you don't have to learn the skill yourself, and it's usually quite easy for one to learn a skill just from seeing someone display it."

Indeed, that was a lot better than trying everything to see what worked.

The cooperative nature of the original system also encouraged one to work together with others. As for the isolated nature of the app, I suppose it made sense since not all app-users worked with others in a party. I started out solo myself.

Chris went on to say,

"Not to mention, with the old system, one could level up without limits and there is no hard level cap."

"Wait, then why does the app-system have a level cap without unlocking the hero class?"

"Well, it's a give and take. Since both systems shape the soul of the one using it, there are of course some limitations. As for the hero class, well, that is an exception created by the gods."

I suppose that did make sense. And Chris had a point about there being advantages and disadvantages to both systems.

I would like to add, though, that the unlimited level cap was useless to most people who wouldn't find and use the same exploits I did. So although having unlimited levels was OP on paper, how useful was it to the average person, really? It was much more efficient to reserve the limitless levels to a few select heroes, while raising the benefits that the average app-user would enjoy.

Well, that assumes that those app-users would be dependable.

However, hearing this made Aika-chan defensive about the system she made.

"You say there are benefits to both, but look at this Dust fellow! He can't even fit all of the loot he's greedily taking for himself without the inventory system!"

"From what I understand, the inventory system you made is a separate technology… In fact, I'm pretty sure you can give him access to it without making him a full App-User."

"But he won't have access to the Bond Reward system! Doesn't he want to expose all of his secrets and his true self to all his friends?!"

This girl was trying to promote that invasive feature again, huh?
Dust's eyes widened and said,

"No, of course I don't! Why would you even think that, little girl?!"

Aika-chan looked away and muttered.

"Hmph… I still don't get you humans…"

Mary-chan slowly nodded and said,

"Yeah. I can access the hive mind of us Tranquility Girls if I connect my roots to the system. It's a comforting feeling, having all your thoughts bared to others of your kind. I don't understand all this hype about secrecy and privacy…"

Of course, Mary would fail to see the human side once more. Dust said,

"It doesn't matter if you understand or not! Just give me that inventory thing already but forget about everything else!"

Aika-chan pouted but eventually nodded.

"Che… Fine, hold still."

She held her hand over Dust and after a flash of blue light she nodded.

"There. You can access the inventory system. It's dependent to your strength stat, so be sure not to put in more than you can handle."

"...Why is it dependent on strength?"

"Well, the inventory system was made by using your soul as a storage space! Pretty neat, huh?"

We all paused and stared at Aika-chan. Megumin said,

"What?! I thought it was a separate dimension?!"

"It is a separate dimension! It's in your soul, not the physical world!"

She could have told us this before.

Granted, it probably didn't really matter, but it still felt kind of invasive, having our souls used like that.

Although I suppose the whole app altered our soul regardless.

…I hoped that this wasn't a Soul Gem kinda deal, though.

Mary-chan rubbed her chin and said,

"Hold on, does that mean I can have an inventory system, too?"

"Of course, my dear sister!"

"OK, fiddle around with my soul, then."
Mary-chan didn't even hesitate.

I would say that only a human being would feel strange about it, but…

"Sweet! I have a place to put all my porn now!"

Dust didn't care about the implications at all.

Rather, he was perfectly fine hiding his porn stash in his own soul, huh?

"Ew, gross…"

Meanwhile, Rin looked at Dust with something between disgust and concern.

Part 8

Once we made it outside the adamantite door of the 90th dungeon room, we went over our general plan.

As for what the raid boss of this room was…

It was one of the most iconic RPG monsters of all time, a Beholder.

Aside from deadly magic rays that shoot out of its many eyes, as well as a main eye that nullifies magic completely, and yes, that included cheat items and artifacts, it was also an extremely intelligent monster.

To be honest, I was pretty worried about facing this thing. Rather than raw power output, an intelligent opponent was much deadlier.

"...This monster has probably taken down the most parties by far, so please be careful."

Mitsurugi explained, after we did our review.

Since there was a huge jump in difficulty in this boss room, most App-users get taken by surprise, and they are promptly defeated by the Beholder.

We weren't going to make that same mistake.

"[Create Undead]!"

Just like with the Giant Dullahan boss raid, I reanimated the corpses of the undead we encountered along the way.

I raised the corpses of three Ogres.

They would act as extra meat tanks to attract the attention of the Beholder.

Well, since it was intelligent, it would most likely ignore the distractions. But they could at least provide some extra bodies for the Beholder to deal with.

Aqua then cast buffs on us.

"Alright, let's get moving already."

Dust said, impatiently stepping forward to the door after he received his buffs.

I looked at him still wearing the old, raggedy clothes he probably came to this world in.

"Oi, Dust. You just received a bunch of adamantite armor, didn't you? Why don't you wear one?"

He picked his nose, making the girls look at him in disgust, especially when he wiped it on the dungeon wall.

"I already sold all of it."

He said, taking out an outdated smartphone and showing me his empty inventory.

…He probably nicked that phone off somebody.

"You could probably get a better price for those if you sold them to someone with the Merchant or Blacksmith class…"

"I'm too lazy to do that."

This guy was beyond help.

"Hold on, let me make you some armor."

I said, intending to use the [Smithing] skill, but Dust sighed.

"Listen, I prefer to wear as little armor as possible. It's more comfortable that way. I mean, that thief girl over there is showing her midriff even when she's about to do a boss fight. That's even crazier, right?"

Chris blushed when Dust suddenly shifted the attention to her.

"Y-You said it yourself! I'm a Thief!"

"Well, I steal from stores all the time, so I'm also a Thief!"

Rin sighed as she tapped on Dust's shoulder.

"Oi, stop teasing Chris-san. You know, I've been holding it in for quite some time now but… For some reason, I really find you irritating!"

We were all surprised to see the normally polite Rin losing her temper on Dust.

Dust looked at Rin and shrugged.

"You know, you remind me of someone, so I guess I'll listen to you for now."

"...Good."

Rin actually managed to get through to him, huh?

Once Mitsurugi made sure everyone was ready, he opened the door.

We had to walk through a hallway until we came upon a large, spacious boss room with stone walls and floors. It was a small mercy that there weren't any gimmicks to the boss room, considering how powerful the Beholder already was. If there were any traps or environmental gimmicks to go with the boss room as well, this might be an impossible battle.

In the middle of the room, the Beholder was floating. It opened all of its eyes, including its main eye. It grinned, showing its rows of sharp teeth.

"...More foolish challengers, huh?"

It said, its deep voice echoing.

Then its eyes started to glow.

"[Summon Greater Spirit]!"

Rin immediately summoned Ponko.

The tanuki spirit had a cup of tea in hand and seemed to have been relaxing before she was summoned.

"...Hah… Summoning me at such an inconvenient time… Is that a Beholder?!"

Ponko went from being annoyed to excited.

"Excuse me, I'm planning to write a new story about a Beholder, can I get an interview with you?!"

Rather than respond to Ponko, a crimson beam emerged from one of the Beholder's eye stalks.

We all moved out of the way, avoiding the trail of destruction. Every part of the floor and the walls that the ray touched was instantly erased, leaving only smoke and the faint smell of burning.

This was the Beholder's disintegration ray. The only material it wouldn't immediately rip through was Adamantite, and even then, your Hit Points would go into the red if you tried to tank one of those.

"...So rude."

Ponko said, as she dusted her skirt off after leaping to the side.

"Ponko-sensei, please use your Shapeshift!"

Rin said, to which Ponko sighed and started chanting.

"[Smithing]!"

To make sure the Beholder couldn't interfere with its anti-magic gaze, I created a wall in front of Ponko as she transformed.

Smoke filled the area around Ponko. When it faded away, the tanuki spirit had transformed.

She was now in the form of the Beholder.

The Beholder tried to blast her, but her anti-magic rays interfered with his attack. The beam fizzled out in the air.

"...Hey, that's cheating!"

The Beholder petulantly said. It even pouted.

It was complaining about its own busted ability.

We were about to attack to make use of the opening, but…

The Beholder turned its eye stalk behind its body, away from its main eye.

I was wondering what it was doing, until I saw that it lifted its own body with a telekinesis ray.

While using its own ability to hover, it was now flying at high speeds.

"It can do that…?!"

Aqua said, looking in horror at the Beholder that was now speeding away from Ponko.

Ponko tried to keep the Beholder in her sight, but…

More disintegration rays came out, this time at the walls around us.

Even though this was supposed to be an uncomplicated room, the Beholder used its disintegration ray to create debris.

Then to make it worse…

A vortex of fine dust swirled around us.

"...It's using its telekinesis to control the dust!"

I said, figuring out what it was trying to do.

This thing was way too clever…!

While our vision was obscured…

Another crimson beam shot out.

"...Grrghh!"

It hit Ponko, immediately dismissing her body into a puff of smoke.

"Ponko-sensei…!"

From what Rin told me, she could only resummon Ponko once a day.

Now we didn't have a counter to that anti-magic gaze…

"[Spear Throw]!"

"Gahhh!"

All of us were focused on Ponko disappearing.

I didn't even notice what Dust was up to.

He threw his spear with such strength and accuracy that it cut through the telekinesis eyestalk in one attack.

"You little rat! Cower before me!"

Dust tried to roll away, but he got hit by a purple ray.

I was wondering what it did, but I saw Dust turn on his heel.

"...You guys are on your own."

He said, running away to the exit.

He was hit with a fear ray.

"Oi, what are you doing?!"

He looked behind him as he ran.

"I'm not risking my life for nothing!"

He didn't listen and kept running.

What an asshole!

Well, he couldn't really help it, but still…!

At least he contributed massively by getting rid of the Beholder's telekinesis.

If the Beholder could fly and control its environment, that would have been a losing battle for us.

The Beholder slowly hovered down. There was now a bleeding stump where Dust had thrown its spear at it.

The frontliners all fanned out in multiple directions, with Darkness using [Escape] to sprint to the side.

"[Taunt]!"

Even with Darkness's Taunt, only one of the Beholder's eye stalks were drawn to her. A green ray shot of its eye. Darkness tried to dodge away, but the beam managed to graze her. She immediately stopped running and I noticed that a gray material was running up her foot… And then I realized that Darkness was slowly becoming petrified.

"Darkness got hit by the petrification ray!"

The fact that she didn't turn to stone right away showed just how high Darkness's willpower stat was. But at this rate the petrification will take over. Aqua directed her staff at Darkness.

"[Sacred Break Spell]!"

A blue light descended on Darkness, who was freed from the effects of the petrification.

While Aqua freed Darkness, I positioned myself directly in front of the Beholder's main eye, while the others were trying to attack from the flanks, yet being kept at bay with the eye beams. Mary-chan and Aika-chan were trying their best to get close, but the eye beams kept them constantly on the move.

"[Snipe]!"

I shot a normal arrow without using any ice arrows, as the anti-magic gaze would just destroy it.

The Beholder let out a grunt of frustration as it was forced to close its main eye. The arrow embedded itself on its tough hide. It even had a high natural AC. This monster was too busted…

I also sent the undead ogres to attack it head on as it had its main eye closed.

With its other stalks occupied with the others attacking from the flank, the Beholder had no choice but to get hit by the direct attacks of the ogres.

Those undead were proving to be useful.

That was what I thought, until the Beholder opened its main eye again and chomped the ogres one by one with its sharp teeth.

Still, we managed to create an opening. Iris took that opportunity to advance forward. With a swift movement, she slashed forward with her sword and cut the disintegration ray eye stalk, making the Beholder scream out in pain.

Chris broke out from her [Lurk] and timed her attack after Iris's, slashing the fear ray eye stalk with her magic dagger, earning another howl of pain.

"I won't be defeated like this…!"

It closed its main eye, then spun around.

With the anti-magic gaze covered up, it started blasting its beams indiscriminately.

"Shit…! Everyone, get down!"

I tried to make walls for everyone, but I couldn't react in time.

I watched as the ogres turned to stone. Mitsurugi, Megumin, Aika-chan and Mary-chan, who were all trying to follow up after Iris and Chris's attack, had to quickly step back.

And then my heart stopped.

A black beam the Beholder had not used before suddenly shot out and hit Megumin.

She dropped her staff and fell to the ground, her skin turning pale.

"...!!! No! That was the death ray!"

Mitsurugi shouted out, immediately drawing back to support Megumin.

Yunyun undid her invisibility, then teleported to Megumin and took her back to Aqua to immediately get healed.

It was a good thing we put her in the role of emergency support once more.

With Aqua's healing, Megumin was out of the fight but was stabilized.

I tried to control my rage, but I just saw Megumin get hit with a damn death ray.

"[Teleport]...!"

"Hah! You mortal magic casters are so inefficient… It's so easy to tell when you're about to use magic because you have to chant all the time!"

The Beholder opened its main eye just in time to prevent me from teleporting forward.

"You know...If you just had that invisible girl try and attack me, maybe that would have been better? But instead you decided to play it safe… A few sacrifices are worth it to defeat the great me!"

With a mocking laugh, the Beholder closed its eyes again and kept firing beams everywhere.

I noticed that it wasn't just spamming its death ray all the time.

Such a powerful attack must have a long cooldown period.

Or maybe it was just trying to trick us into thinking that.

"How dare you hurt Megumin-san!"

Aika-chan dashed forward, losing her composure.

For an A.I., she sure is a hothead…!

Before I could warn her, the Beholder fired a petrification ray, which Aika-chan dodged.

But the Beholder was expecting that.

A second beam fired, a pink blast that hit her head on.

Aika-chan stopped, then turned around.

"...Papa… Come play with me…"

She gave me a creepy smile as she charged towards me this time, holding Beldia's sword with one hand and waving it around as if it was just a stick.

She got hit by the charm ray.

"Oi! I know you love your papa, but this is too much!"

I said, as I felt my body automatically move as it strode to the side to avoid a slash from Aika-chan. The blade crashed into the ground and created a crater, sending chunks of debris up.

…[Auto-Dodge] sure came in clutch right there.

"Aika-chan! You're being a bad girl right now! [Sacred Break Spell]!"

Aqua tried to break Aika-chan out of the charm effect, but Aika-chan deftly moved out of the way.

…Since she was in the vessel of a legendary golem, it meant that the Beholder just got himself an incredibly powerful minion.

Not to mention that…

"Ah, sorry, Kazuma…!"

The sacred break spell missed Aika-chan but hit me instead.

"...You damn useless goddess! You just undid all my buffs!"

"Useless?! You're calling me useless even though you got hit by that even if you have [Auto-Dodge]?!"

"Because it wasn't an enemy attack, you dumbass! Why are you shooting that off without warning me, anyway?!"

Mary-chan sighed as she stepped in front of me as Aika-chan tried to attack again.

She extended her whip-like arm to keep Aika-chan away.

"...It's bad for the child's development if their parents are constantly fighting, don't you know?"

She said, with a cold voice. Then she said,

"Sorry, sis, I'm gonna have to kill you."

"Eh? Wait…"

Without even hesitating, Mary carved up Aika-chan's golem body with a series of cuts using Grave Binder.

The attacks completely ignored Aika-chan's armor as the artifact swiftly cut her up to pieces.

"Y-You just killed Aika-chan!"

"...Relax, that was just her golem form."

That was true, but…

She didn't even hesitate!

Well, I guess I can't blame her for that.

The beholder chuckled and said,

"Fufu… She was a useful pawn, but that's one less nuisance down…"

With Megumin and Aika-chan down, there was only one thing left to do.

"Run for the exit…!"

"Eh?"

The Beholder blinked all of its eyes as we made a collective dash to the exit.

"C-Come back here, cowards…! What kind of heroes run away in a fight, huh?!"

"Heroes who wanna live another day?"

It kept firing beams at us, but we all just ran without even trying to engage with him.

Once we closed the door behind us, we all fell down in exhaustion.

"Hah… Hah… How is anyone supposed to beat that thing?!"

I said, as I slumped back against the wall.

"...Hah… Gah… And we've already broken the level limits… Perhaps we'd have to form a much larger raid party?"

Mitsurugi said, while wiping sweat from his brow.

Since we had the Hero class and surpassed every App-user when it came to levels, we thought our party size was sufficient.

Well, it would have been, but…

"Oh? You guys ran away, too?"

I looked at Dust, who was relaxing outside.

"You piece of shit!"

"Kazuma, wait."

Darkness said, putting her hand on my shoulder to stop me.

"Let's beat the shit out of him together."

"Pin him down!"

"W-What are you all… Gyaa?!"
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lenskio, emptylot, Dahaka1e and 123 others
BoringBone
Jan 1, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 72: Blessing These Victors With A Pool Of Gold! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Jan 16, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,697
A/N: Please check out 'Blessing This Chuunibyou Village With A Repopulation' Chapter 4 and 5 if you haven't already! Chapter 6 will come out soon!


Chapter 72: Blessing These Victors With A Pool Of Gold!

Part 1

"Mary, what was that for?!"

Aika-chan immediately started having a tantrum as soon as she was revived. Mary glanced away with her hands behind her head, looking completely remorseless.

"...It was the only way to get out of that situation."

"P-Papa could have just undone the golem body!"

"No, I know since I'm a monster who specializes in charming victims, the golem was also under the effects of the charm."

…So it wasn't like in RPGs where inorganic creatures such as golems were immune to charms.

Rather, wasn't charm magic too OP?!

Maybe that was why things like illusion magic had a flat ability score rather than one that raised exponentially with a stat.

"So, what should we do now?"

Mitsurugi asked, once Aika=chan seemed to have been temporarily placated.

"I guess we can head back to the mansion and collect ourselves. I'm also gonna ask the crystal ball what the best way is to deal with a beholder."

I tried to rely on my own abilities this time, but with how dangerous that fight actually was, I wasn't going to risk it again. I didn't want to develop an over-reliance on things like divination magic, but there was no point risking a party wipe over it.

"...Kazuma, perhaps it would be better to simply recruit other app-users?"

Darkness said, surprising me with her suggestion.

"Wait, that's too reasonable of a request. Kazuma, I think Darkness has been charmed! [Sacred Break Spell]!"

"I-I'm not charmed!"

Aqua blasted Darkness with holy magic, attempting to purify her.

"Well, the only downside to that is that we'd just get used to relying on app-users."

Rin seemed confused by that and said,

"Why not? We fought with other app-users in the past."

And since then, my opinion of them got worse.

Whether it was the stalker who attempted to assault Lia, or the master of Moneyball, or even that Crusader with the holy battle axe who harassed the succubi.

My opinion of app-users was at an all-time low.

But perhaps that was just my personal bias in the way. In terms of pure firepower, they were indeed reliable.

I ended up shaking my head.

"Let's just try to do this on our own."

Aside from some misplays, we were confident enough to tackle this without a large raid party. We just needed to regain that confidence.

But first, I needed to consult the crystal ball-sama.

Once we teleported away, I went to my dungeon room.

"Oh, great crystal ball! Please illuminate my ignorant self…!"

Fuu… You can't do anything without me, huh?

This smug bastard…

You simply need more manpower. The anti-magic gaze doesn't affect golems, so you should swarm the beholder with a bunch of weaker golems. You should also look to buff the golems, since holy magic is different from normal magic and cannot be affected by the gaze.

That was the same reason why our buffs didn't go away.

Well, mine did when Aqua accidentally dispelled it.

Using divination magic really was a cheat code…

As for swarming the beholder with golems, it was true that for the weakest golem variety, which was 'Common', I could create an endless amount.

And as for the other golem varieties, I could have 7 Uncommon, 6 Rare, 5 Very Rare, 3 Super Rare, 2 Ultra Rare and 1 Legendary golems active.

Since the boss room for the beholder area was quite spacious, it could fit in a lot of golems.

"...Well, the whole point is to gain battle experience as a party… This strategy might work on the beholder, but it won't work on someone like Wiz or the Demon King."

I could only assume that they'd just one shot the golems.

We could also just wait a day for Ponko to come back, but what if there was another situation in the future where we couldn't rely on Ponko's shapeshifting abilities?

This was a good chance to practice for that scenario.
Geez, you sure are demanding! Whatever, you're on your own!

"Oi… Are you ignoring me?! You're ignoring your master?!"

I started yelling at the crystal ball who stopped talking.

I suppose it did provide me with the perfect idea.

But it relied on a crutch and would defeat the purpose of this training.

It did have a good idea with the golems, though.

And then I got an idea of my own.

I would use golems, but rather than just swarming the beholder with them, I thought of another usage that would still get the others involved.

"[Create Golem]!"

I immediately set about creating common golems.

Once I was done, I led them out on a march to the mansion, as I stepped out of the dungeon door. Sena, who was lounging in the living room, screamed in panic as she saw all the golems.

"Eeeek?! Get those creepy things away from me!"

Since they were small, swarming things, she was immediately creeped out by them.

Aika-chan pouted when she heard that.

"Sena-san… Even though I use a golem body, you think golems are creepy?"

"...?! No, of course not! It's just that these things aren't cute at all!"

Rin bent down to pick one up and said,

"I don't know, I think they're pretty cute."

Yunyun nodded and also picked one up.

"I would have liked a golem companion back then…"

There was no need for Yunyun to admit that.

I then thought of an idea and used [Golem Manipulation] and [Smithing] to change the shape of the golems.

"Ohhh! They're much cuter now!"

I made them look like miniature versions of me.

I got the idea from those Vanir dolls.

Yunyun picked one up and hugged it to her chest.

"Ehe… It's like having Kazuma-san's baby…"

"...!"

I suppose since we were currently trying for babies, Yunyun's maternal instincts were on fire right now. It should be the same for all of them.

Rin chuckled as she nuzzled a Kazuma doll with her cheek.

"It's like an early preview, huh?"

Having a bunch of babies in the house…

Ah, I tried not to think too much about it, but that kind of future was waiting for me, huh?!

Aika-chan looked at me suspiciously and said,

"Papa… You better not be having second doubts…"

"What did I say about snooping?!"

"I'm not snooping, I can just tell because you're sweating a lot right now."

"A-Anyway, please gather everyone again and I'll tell them my plan…"

"He's avoiding the question."

I ignored Aika-chan's gaze as I gathered everyone.

Part 2

Once I told my plan to everyone, they seemed to be confident about it.

"I see, that could work."

Mitsurugi said, while nodding slowly.

Dust, who was currently eating a sandwich Sena made for him, said,

"I can use [Spear Throw] to take out one of the eyes, but I'll be pretty useless after I do so."

Apparently, with [Spear Throw], the user throws a spear that is affected by the skill [Signature Weapon]. So it couldn't be spammed even if I made a bunch of spears for him with [Smithing].

But in exchange for that steep cost of throwing one's main weapon away, it was an incredibly powerful attack that managed to take the beholder's eye stalk out easily.

It was pretty much a guaranteed kill on whichever eye stalk Dust wanted to target.

Of course, we would assign him to the most dangerous eye stalk, the death ray.

"That was a good sandwich. Can I have another one?"

Dust said while licking his fingers. He looked to Sena, whose eyebrow was twitching at his request.

"One is enough."

I could tell that Sena didn't want Dust to be a permanent resident in this house.

Although with the way he was eating a sandwich on the couch with his feet reclined, with the crumbs from the sandwich falling all over the carpet, he seemed to already be at home here.

After everyone understood my new plan, we teleported back to the dungeon.

I made sure to kill some more ogres to create undead soldiers out of them.

Then I prepared the 'common' golems.

"[Golem Manipulation]."

I then shrunk the golems down as they attached themselves to our bodies.

"Alright, let's go!"

Aqua said excitedly, before we headed back into the Beholder's boss room.

The beholder chuckled once it saw us.

"Fufu… Back for more?"

This time, we didn't even give it a chance to prepare itself for our assault.

"[Spear Throw]!"

Dust dashed forward, then threw the spear at the eye stalk with the death ray.

Since each eye stalk could only shoot one kind of ray, it was an easy matter to identify which ones we needed to target using the data from the previous encounter.

"Gahhh…?!"

The beholder let out a scream of pain as its most dangerous eye stalk was ripped off by Dust.

Then Yunyun and Iris teleported from its blindspot after Yunyun undid her invisibility.

Iris leapt forward and cut the disintegration ray eye stalk.

"You… You cretins…!"

The beholder used its telekinetic ray to push Yunyun and Iris away, while Dust was forced to retreat without his main weapon in hand.

"[Challenge]!"

Instead of using [Taunt], Darkness used the more focused taunting skill, [Challenge].

Since I unlocked this skill with the Knight class back then, I was familiar with its effect.

Since [Taunt] didn't work as the beholder had too many eye stalks to divert its attention from, I figured that Darkness would be better off attracting an eye stalk with [Challenge].

She used it on the telekinesis ray eye stalk, which was too versatile to ignore.

With that eye distracted…

Chris appeared from her [Lurk] and quickly sliced the eye stalk off.

"Tch…! I was expecting you, pesky thief!"

The beholder was prepared for Chris this time and shot a charming ray at her.

However…

One of the golems I prepared flew forward.

"[Golem Manipulation]!"

I turned the golem into the shape of a shield.

"...?!"

The golem was affected by the charm ray, but it wouldn't make for an effective minion for the beholder.

It was used as a sacrificial pawn.

The undead ogres then charged at the beholder, further overwhelming its senses.

"Damn it…! Argggh!"

The beholder started spamming its beams everywhere again.

But this time, I stayed back to use [Golem Manipulation] to block the rays just as my allies were about to get hit.

Still, with that main eye still active, our heavy hitters couldn't do much to attack it.

"[Challenge]!"

And so, I used [Challenge] myself to attract its main eye.

Once they were freed, the others attacked.

"[Light of Saber]!"

Rin and Yunyun both unleashed a blinding blade of light.

"[Rune Warrior]!"

Then Megumin burst forward like a living fireball. The beholder was engulfed in flames.

The frontliners then came to finish the beholder off, cutting eye stalks and stabbing it until it was no longer moving.

"Damn it…"

The beholder said, before falling down and being absorbed by the dungeon.

"Yay, we did it!"

Aika-chan started jumping up and down.

"It was much easier the second time, huh?"

Chris said with a smirk, as she flicked away the beholder's blood from her dagger.

"I almost felt kind of bad for it since it didn't even stand a chance the second time around…"

Darkness said, as she smiled at Chris and the two of them exchanged a high-five.

"We were just too good this time, huh, Darkness?"

"You said it!"

Just like with the Giant Dullahan boss raid, there was an extra EXP bonus reward for the top damage dealers.

Since I didn't really do damage this time, I was exempt from the EXP bonus.

But I still gained EXP due to my contribution to the fight.

"...How does that work, anyway? We only get EXP normally if we deal the final blow, so where is this EXP coming from?"

I asked, as I checked my phone and saw that I gained 10 levels from this.

That meant 90 skill points for me to use…!

Aika-chan explained as I fiddled with my phone.

"Well, this is normally top secret information, but I'll tell you! The dungeon releases a gas that is infused with the essence of dead Onion Ducks! As you may know, Onion Ducks are very high in EXP, especially if they are massacred at a high-volume! The gas is then inhaled by those in the raid boss room, and so they gain EXP as if they killed the onion ducks themselves!"

"Wait, that's horrible?!"

Yunyun covered her mouth when she heard what Aika-chan said.

"S-So we're breathing in this… 'essence' right now…?"

"Yup! Make sure to breathe deeply! You may gain some extra EXP if you do!"

I wish I had never learned this information.

Maybe I shouldn't ask questions from now on.

"...Let's leave this room, onii-sama. I'm getting lightheaded."

Iris said, her face looking green as we all nodded and left the room together.

Meanwhile, Megumin…

We saw her breathing deeply and exhaling.

"I see. This is an efficient way to gain levels, huh?"

…Nothing fazes this girl, huh?

Part 3

Since this floor was originally meant for a large raid party, even those who didn't get bonus EXP got a huge leap in levels.

And considering we were already over the normal cap, it really was a lot of EXP.

Considering how we faced this beholder twice already, we figured it was about time to head back.

But of course, the loot goblin Megumin wanted to dissect the beholder first before the dungeon could completely absorb its body.

"Hmm… It seems that looting the beholder is a high difficulty task. I have some Ranger skills that help me with harvesting, but those aren't at a very high level…"

Since Megumin had been the one in charge of harvesting materials from monsters, she unlocked the related Ranger skills for that.

Of course, Megumin wouldn't allocate her precious skill points away from explosion magic more than what was necessary.

Still, she managed to gather one item from the beholder, which was one of its eye-stalks.

The main eye was probably the biggest treasure, but the one Megumin received was good in its own right.

It was the eye stalk for the disintegration ray.

…Now, of course this was an amazing treasure that could only be received in these end-game floors.

"Megumin's the one who harvested it, and you need more combat options, anyway, so you should keep it. I'll add it to your staff."

"...Who said I wanted this?"

Megumin said, shaking her head.

"Hah? It's an incredibly powerful magic item… You can shoot disintegration beams from your staff. I thought a chuuni brat like you would appreciate that?"

"Chuuni brat… Oi, Kazuma, you said it yourself. It's a disintegration ray, not an explosion ray! An explosion goes kaboom and blows things up! Meanwhile a disintegration ray… Well, it disintegrates! Don't you see the fundamental difference?!"

"Hm… Well, I suppose you're right."

"I-Is there really a difference?"

Mitsurugi said, taken aback that I actually understood what Megumin meant.

Of course, the only reason why was because I was an explosion sommelier.

I took Megumin on many explosion walks and even joined her sometimes with my own explosion.

Although, those times were rare since I would also faceplant into dirt when I did that.

And last time, Megumin recovered before I did and had her way with me.

Well, I enjoyed that kinda play, too, but…

An alpha-male like me could only be dommed by such a tiny girl so many times before it stopped being a kinky thing and more like a blow to my pride.

But enough about that tangent. I said,

"...You've already made so many concessions, so why don't you make one more, Megumin? Stop being unreasonable."

"D-Do you even hear yourself talk?! You're right that I've already made so many concessions, so you should let me off this time!"

"Then, I'll give this item to Yunyun."

"I'll take it."

She immediately changed her mind.

Like a child who didn't want a toy but suddenly wants it after you offer it to their sibling. It was this kind of childish pettiness.

"Besides, I can probably modify it since I'm combining it with your explosive rune staff. I have a max-level smithing after all, so I can probably do such a thing."

"You should have started off with that…"

While we were discussing this, Chris called out to us.

"I found a treasure room!"

Since this was a raid boss room, a beholder's at that, there was bound to be a hidden room with treasure.

Dust got excited and ran to Chris, who just barely moved out of the way before she got ran over by Dust.

"H-Hey, watch it, pal!"

She said, even though Dust paid her no heed.

"S-So much gold?! I'm rich!"

There was a pit full of gold and other treasures. The girls let out cries of disgust as Dust started taking off his clothes, leaving himself in a pair of boxers with holes in them.

"What are you doing, Dust-san?!"

Rin said, with her eyes covered as she blindly stepped forward to try and stop Dust.

"Don't get between a man and his dreams, young girl! If you weren't dating my best bud right now, I would have kissed you out of pure adrenaline, so back off while I still have my senses with me…!!!"

"Ewww!"

Rin ran away from Dust as he started making a kissy face.

"No, really, what are you doing, Dust?"

I said, unable to make any sense of his actions.

"...Isn't it the romance of all men to dive into a sea of gold and swim in it?"

"Well, I guess that's true, but… You'll just break your bones as soon as you land."

Aika-chan smiled and stepped forward, seemingly unbothered by Dust's near-nudity as she explained,

"Actually, there is alchemical magic that is used by the dungeon to allow those to swim into treasure hoards like this!"

"Why is that a thing?!"

I said, knowing full well that energy was a precious resource, and how expensive coronatite cores were.

In fact, since I was buying coronatite cores for my own dungeon, the market price had spiked.

So why were frivolous features like this included?!

"Morale is important in cultivating a strong app-user, after all. The Dungeon's AI made sure to incorporate that."

That was a weird way of increasing morale!

Well, the dungeon's AI wasn't like Aika-chan. It had no personality and who knows what kind of training data it possessed.

Actually, I knew the answer to that. It was a mixture of Aqua and that lunatic Japanese who ended up being one of the first, and last, isekai cheaters that went to the otherworld.

I glanced at Aqua, who smiled and started doing some stretches.

"Time to drive right in!"

She was also planning to go in?

I watched as Dust, and then Aqua dived into the treasure hoard.

"Woohoooo! This is the dream!"

Rather than having all their bones break from the fall, I saw them swim through the gold as if it was made out of water.

Aqua squealed in joy as she threw the gold around.

"Wait, it feels so good! Why does my skin feel so fresh and moisturized?!"

Aika-chan explained once more.

"Allow me to explain, dear maman! The alchemical magic in this room also gives rejuvenating properties to the gold!"

Yet another useless feature.

Still, when the girls heard that, they started to get interested.

"W-Well, I suppose a dip wouldn't hurt…"

Darkness said, as she looked to the others.

"If everyone's doing it, I'll of course follow along."

Yunyun sounded so confident in saying that, even though she was just following the crowd.

I mean, she was certainly making improvements in self-esteem, but…

Becoming more confident in your status as a wallflower isn't really considered development, is it?

And so with that, the girls also dove into the treasure hoard.

"...Wait for me!"

Of course, I ended up joining, too.

Part 4

I must say… It was surprisingly fun.

The gold coins and bars felt almost gelatinous, just solid enough to give you the feeling that this was still material treasure you were swimming in, but there was an inexplicable softness to it, activating upon contact, that would let one dive into a mountain of gold without instantly perishing.

Just like they noted, I felt like my skin was being cleansed upon contact with the treasures, even though you'd think that such items would be abrasive to the skin.

If the dungeon's intent was to encourage app-users to keep going further ahead and face raid bosses even more powerful than the beholder, then I guess this little pool of gold gimmick was a successful reprieve, because I did feel motivated to keep going. I was curious to see if there were other fun little diversions like this further ahead.

This dungeon really was run by an AI that was tasked to fully optimize the dungeon… Vanir could learn a thing or two here.

Not that I'd give him any ideas to improve upon his beloved hellhole.

Still, I kept that urge to explore in check. It was time to head back.

Before we did, however, Darkness and I decided to check up on Pocky-chan, formerly Bei-chan, while the others returned to the mansion.

Darkness's Giant Toad 'daughter' was still hanging out with the goblins in the forest. I did want to move her to my own dungeon, but I kept resisting the temptation. She had grown attached to the goblins, and I knew that altering the dungeon ecosystems was a terrible idea.

However, when I saw what was happening, I had a change of mind.

"Ahh…! Yesh, ahnnn~!"

What I was seeing was a certain famous female celebrity getting gangbanged by goblins.

…It seems that some female orcs with the shapeshifting spell did come here, huh?

When I made that suggestion to the goblins, I didn't think that there were many female orcs who would actually come.

Especially since they won that lawsuit against Kikuchi, the crazy guy who made the orc brothel.

But it seems that the shapeshifting female orc community wasn't a monolithic one.

Just as there were nomads and those who settled in Lizardia, it seems that there were those who grew fond of goblins.

"W-Why are you doing this out in the open, and in front of my child?!"

Darkness immediately leapt to cover Pocky-chan's eyes.

And she had to use all of her height to do so, since Pocky-chan had grown quite big.

I looked around and saw all around me that there was a full-on orgy in the goblin forest.

I knew it was my idea, but…

"Ahhh… Right there…! It feels so good~!"

"Gobu! Gobu! You're gonna get pregnant with all my goblin children, right?! Take this goblin sperm!"

"Yes! Give it to me, Gaddy!"

Gaddy?

Was that supposed to be a portmanteau of goblin and daddy?

I felt sick.

"...Alright, you all will have to move now."

I said, while using the [Monster Talk] skill and switching my title to [Monster Ally].

They all stopped mid-thrust and turned to me.

"...I don't understand, we've obeyed all your rules…"

The goblin chieftain said as he walked over to me.

This old goblin had hickeys all over his neck.

"That's right! We promised not to transform into any of your companions, and we haven't touched any of the other humans!"

A female orc, who was transformed into a certain pop star, said as she stood up from a squatting position on a goblin's face.

"The fact you're doing this out in the open disgusts me. No, it's not just that… You're gonna run out of space eventually, aren't you?"

I said, looking at all the children running around.

Rather, they were really having a full on orgy with all these kids around, huh?

I had to remind myself that these weren't humans, even if the orcs were transformed into them.

"Well, I suppose that's true…"

"Kazuma, are you planning on moving them to your dungeon? But what about their role in the dungeon's ecosystem?"

I turned to Darkness and said,

"Do you really think all of these goblins reproducing at a high rate is good for the ecosystem? We're gonna need to migrate them."

"Still… What are you going to do to replace the goblins?"

"We'll just have to create some artificial goblins."

Of course, for this plan, I planned to use golems.

Goblins were very weak, anyway.

In terms of pure fighting power, they were about as strong as a common golem, which I could create endless copies of.

Of course, goblins had the ability to use weapons as well, and were smarter than golems.

So I suppose I would need to program some kind of 'training data' for the golems.

Golems could obey simple commands as well as more complicated ones, as long as they were physically able to do so.

So if I were to give the golems a set of instructions and data on how to fight in combat, they could execute those commands.

And so, the plan to migrate the goblins was made.

Part 5

Before making the golems, I first played with Pocky-chan.

She hopped in place, causing a small tremor, then proceeded to lick my face.

"She sure is affectionate, huh?"

I said, while patting her head. She nuzzled her face against my hand.

Thanks to Pocky-chan, I could feel my Giant Toad related traumas melting away.

Well, some of them.

"I hope she'll acclimate well to her new home… I heard moves are difficult on kids…"

"...Rather, since she's a monster who is heavily dependent on her environment, she might struggle."

"Don't say it's because she's a monster!"

Darkness was a lot like those 'dog parents' who treated their pets like children.

It might seem cruel to say this about Pocky-chan, but she wasn't an intelligent monster like Mary-chan, so treating it like an actual kid is absurd.

That doesn't mean we still couldn't care for her, but Darkness's mannerisms were kind of embarrassing.

Well, what else was new?

"I wish I could take a picture of her and show her off on social media… Oh, maybe even make a fan page on Insta."

She really was becoming a full on insufferable 'dog parent'!

"Listen, Darkness, there's only so much the nice version of me I can tolerate before I start insulting you, so please don't test me."

"...This is supposed to be the nice version of you?"

She looked at me doubtfully.

"Besides, what am I doing wrong?"

"You remind me too much of a characteristic I despise seeing online, so I would like for you to stop at once."

"...Maybe that just means you spent too much time online as a friendless, girlfriend-less NEET, have you considered that?"

"?!"

Since when was Darkness so sharp when it came to comebacks?!

Or rather, wasn't she the type who would prefer to be insulted than to insult?!

"W-What happened to the Baka-sader that I used to know?!"

"You know, Kazuma, you actually did a huge favor for me… By taking care of my needs in bed I feel like I'm no longer as desperate to satiate them as I was before…"

For some reason, there was a radiant glow about her.

I see. So this was something like post-nut clarity?

"Then maybe I won't do it with you for a while and see you go back to your Pent-upness mode…"

"...?! Don't you know that threatening to withhold intimacy from your partner is a form of abuse?!"

Ah, my facade of niceness is fading.

No, I probably shouldn't admit that it's a mask.

What can I do?! I can't be nice all the time!

Pocky-chan came between us both, perhaps sensing that her parents were fighting. Then she licked both of our cheeks.

I smiled and petted her once more. I said,

"Awww… So precious, my little toad. I should create a social media page for you and spread your cuteness to the world!"

"Oi."

Darkness gave me a death glare.

I poked a finger against her cheek and said,

"Hah? You know, you can't just act like a complete sex fiend for the majority of my time with you and then now you've entered a temporary period of pseudo-enlightenment, you're gonna expect me to completely change how I act around you? No way! If you can show that this isn't just a temporary period of good behavior, then perhaps I won't treat you like the deranged freak you are!"

"I-I can say the same about you! You know, we've all talked with Rin and Lia and they told us that their relationship with you was a lot different from ours at the start! Ah, I see how it is. Kazuma is the type to put on a fake gentleman personality whenever he sees a beautiful girl, then once you've sunk your insidious claws into them, you drop the act and show how much of a scumbag you really are, huh?!"

"I-It's normal to be nice at the start! How else are people gonna like you?!"

"You really think that's normal?! Wow, you really are messed up!"

This time, Pocky-chan was a lot more assertive with her licks, actually pushing us back with the force of it.

…It's really hard to back down from an argument especially if the other party is pointing out your flaws!

It's like you know they're right but you don't wanna back down and just keep digging a hole for yourself.

Still, she knows I'm right about her, too!

Well, considering this argument started because of something like an Instagram page for a Giant Toad we can't even show to the world…

"You know, let's just keep playing with Pocky-chan."

"Yeah… You're right."

We didn't apologize, but we chose to both move away from the topic.

Pocky-chan let out a happy noise once we turned our attention to her once more.

Part 6

It was an easy matter to spend some DP and create a new environment for the goblins and orcs. Then, once I had Pocky-chan and them move in, I set about replacing the goblins with golems.

While I was at it, I spent 10 skill points to level up [Create Golem] to Rank 20.

[Create Golem] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Active Skill (X mp)

Summon an 'Earth Golem' of the 'Common', 'Uncommon', 'Rare', 'Very Rare', 'Super Rare', 'Ultra Rare' or 'Legendary' variety. This golem will obey all your commands to the best of its abilities. The mana cost starts from 2 with the 'Common' variety and goes up by 5 for each grade above it.

You can have as many common earth golems active at the same time, but you can only have 10 Uncommon, 9 Rare, 8 Very Rare, 7 Super Rare, 6 Ultra Rare and 3 Legendary golems active at once.

There was now a significant mana cost decrease and the amount of golems one could summon for each grade increased.

And the biggest upgrade was that I could now summon three legendary golems. Of course, the immediate move was to switch Mary-chan to a legendary golem body as well.

While I was creating golems with one hand and absorbing mana with drain touch in the other, I also started thinking about the rest of my skill points.

My main priorities right now were [Auto-Dodge], [Magic Resist], [Ignore Pain] and [Analytic Eye]. All of them were skills that would keep me alive. Hopefully.

I would need to invest into [Thief Rank-Up] and [Crusader Rank-Up] to reach the max rank for [Auto-Dodge], and one of [Ignore Pain] and [Magic Resistance].

Thankfully, [Analytic Eye], which allows one to see through illusion magic, falls under [Mage Rank-Up], which I already invested points into.

Still, I lacked skill points to fully level that up for now.

Instead I focused on [Auto-Dodge] and [Magic Resistance].

Auto-Dodge was just too versatile and there were so many magic effects that could straight up end my life in one shot, like the Beholder's death ray.

[Auto-Dodge] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Passive Skill

Gain +20 Evasion on attacks regardless if you can see or perceive them. Your body will then automatically attempt to evade the attack, moving up to your full current movement speed to the best possible direction to avoid the attack. This skill cannot evade unavoidable attacks and is restricted to what your body and reflexes are realistically capable of.

[Magic Resistance] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

Gain +20 Magic Resist.

…Unless there was a very special circumstance, a maxed out Auto-Dodge pretty much made me unhittable by most threats.

Then again, considering that I myself had skills like [Snipe] that put my weapon accuracy into ridiculous stat thresholds, I shouldn't think that I was untouchable from now on.

The skill was also limited by what was physically possible to dodge.

So if someone instantaneously created an AoE effect, I couldn't dodge that.

And considering how advanced magic mostly consisted of such effects…

Yeah, I should still be very careful.

Still, auto-dodge along with magic resist should make it easier for me to survive.

I then spent the remaining 4 skill points on [Ignore Pain].

[Ignore Pain] Skill Rank: 5, Active Skill (10 mp)

Delays the calculation of damage for up to 15 HP, but you will receive the full brunt of any unmitigated or untreated damage after 5 seconds.

Since this was a Crusader skill, I started to wonder if Darkness used this skill to edge.

Like delaying the accumulated pain and receiving it all at once later.

"...Kazuma, you have that face you make when you're thinking something nasty about me."

She said, picking up on my thoughts.

She was inside the new area I created while I was at the dungeon door, releasing golems out in the wild, after giving them the set of basic commands I constructed.

I would work on their commands later and make them more sophisticated after creating enough golems to replace the goblins.

"Ah, I'm gonna need to go out on another errand."
I said, after finishing the last of the golems.

"...Avoiding the topic, huh?"

I rubbed Pocky-chan's head before heading out.

Part 7

As for what my other errand was, I headed over to Lizardia.

This was, of course, to enact my plan for the prisoner transfer of Wolbach.

When I entered Lizardia, I was struck once again by how advanced the society was. Due to the integration of divination magic and the lie-detecting magic item, life here was peaceful and idyllic.

Without a chance for corruption, the wealth spread evenly.

Not to say that this kind of society was without its weaknesses.

Speaking of wealth, I wanted to check up on the investments I made.

I headed over to the Merchant's Guild and spoke to a female lizardfolk receptionist. After a few moments, she retrieved information about my account and said,

"...It seems your investment has gone up by 2% since last time."

It was slow growth, but I expected that after buying stocks in the bank of Lizardia.

Well, I say 'slow growth', but 2% of 100 billion Yen is 2 billion Yen.

After checking out my portfolio, I headed over to seek an audience with the king.

Since I helped them with that domestic terrorist before, I was able to seek an audience fairly quickly.

I kneeled in front of the king and mentioned that I was a representative for the kingdom of Norse, who wanted the prisoner Wolbach, who I handed over.

"...I see. But if this prisoner was yours, why did you give her to us in the first place?"

I didn't want to imply that Norse was too weak to contain Wolbach, but with the bell present, there wasn't really much I could do to lie. So I just told the truth.

"Lizardia's level drain systems were something Norse could not replicate… Unfortunately we had to rely on Lizardia to weaken the prisoner before transferring her over to us."

He nodded before saying,

"Very well. We will transfer the prisoner over to you."

It was a bad way to establish diplomatic relations with Lizardia, I had to admit.

But even with how much magi-tech innovation Lizardia possessed, I was certain that Norse could catch up eventually.

And besides, Lizardia failed to see one weakness.

They were an open-minded society that even allowed other creatures such as humans to come in and trade in the open market.

…But they even allowed someone like me, with ties to another nation, to buy an incredible amount of stocks in their nation's biggest bank.

After all, I had about 100 Billion Yen worth of stocks invested into their economy, and this society had very little inflation, mind you.

If I continued to invest and develop businesses in Lizardia, without proper regulations in place, I could one day crash their entire economy.

This was an advanced society in many ways but ultimately still quite the naive and optimistic one.

Well, I wouldn't say that I'd crash their entire economy on a whim. But it was indeed a strong political and economical leverage that they had yet to notice.

And since this kind of maneuvering was hardly a crime, they would completely trust me.

That was yet another flaw to their seemingly perfect society. Since crime was largely non-existent and stamped out before it could even happen, most of the time, this society naively trusts those who have not been flagged as a criminal.

You're pretty much allowed to do whatever you want and people will trust you as long as the system does not determine you as a criminal. This was the weakened state of mind of the citizens and leaders of Lizardia.

If these guys had seen Psycho Pass they'd know how flawed this mentality was.

Well, if it came down to it, I wouldn't bring about such a disaster for no reason.

But if they felt like they could mess with Norse, or the real world, that was a different story.

With the king's permission, I was escorted to the prison.

When I arrived in front of Wolbach's cell, she looked surprised to see me.

She was wearing a striped jumpsuit and was in the middle of eating food from a tray.

"...Ah, it's you."

She said, sighing as she set her tray down.

"How are you holding up?"

I said, finding myself curious about her circumstances.

"...Horrible. I haven't been able to take a bath here."

I suppose they wouldn't provide such luxuries to a mere prisoner.

"Well, good news for you. You'll be transferring prisons."

"Oh, joy."

She didn't seem very enthused by my announcement.

I looked at the information they gave me. It seems her level had been reduced all the way to level 1.

And her stats decreased severely as well.

She was pretty much harmless now.

The lizardmen guards took her out of the cell and put cuffs on her.

"How are you transferring her?"

The guards asked as they guided her to me.

"I'll just teleport her to Norse."

They nodded and had me sign some paperwork.

After that, I placed my hand on Wolbach's shoulder and teleported to her new 'home' in Norse.

Part 8

There weren't any prior criminals in Norse before Wolbach's transfer. As such, a prison was only recently constructed. Although it didn't contain the level-drain runes of Lizardia's prisons, this one still had the same defenses and measures that my holding cells had. Rather, it was directly patterned after the Chris Holding Cell (trademarked).

"This place is a lot more luxurious than I thought it would be…"

Wolbach said, as I led her inside.

"I like to treat my sex slaves well."

"Eh?"

There was a pause before she turned to me.

"W-What was that?"
"You heard me."

"I'm not sure I did?!"

I chuckled and said,

"Is it really that much of a surprise? You forced yourself on me back then, didn't you?! Or did you conveniently forget about that?!"

"T-That was necessary to keep you under control! You can't just do that kind of thing without a reason!"

"Well, I do have a convenient reason right now…"

"Did you just call it convenient?!"

I held up my phone and showed her my title.

"As you can see, I have the [Goddess Lover] title, partly thanks to you. I gain stats just for sleeping with a goddess… Convenient, right? So, for the sake of protecting this world from the Demon King, I'm gonna make sure to breed you plenty…"

"T-That's…"

Since I used her own stupid logic against her, she couldn't argue back.

"Y-You said that this was a new kingdom, right? I'm sure the laws of this place doesn't allow this kind of treatment!"

I knew that she was just trying to weasel her way out of this, but it gave me a great amount of satisfaction to hear her say that.

Especially since I already asked Regina-sama to come.

Regina-sama appeared at the perfect time, with Serena in tow. Wolbach's eyes widened when she saw Serena.

"...N-Nice to see you again, Wolbach…"

Serena said, giving Wolbach a small nod.

"R-Right…"

The two co-workers exchanged awkward greetings.

Wolbach then turned to Regina-sama next, who looked at Wolbach appraisingly and said,

"So you're a dark goddess like I was, huh? …I find it extraordinary how you were able to maintain your original form despite having your levels drained…"

Regina-sama didn't even bother to hide her envy.

"Well… I'm worshipped by devils after all…"

Is that how it was?

I suppose that the worship of devils was an incredible source of power, even more than humans.

No wonder why Wolbach was able to keep such strong levels of divinity.

Regina-sama crossed her arms and said,

"Allow me to make my formal introduction. I am Regina, the goddess of Alliances and Redemption. I am the ruler of this kingdom of Norse and I am the master of your former colleague, Serena."

"...Wait, are you that same dark goddess Regina who ruled over puppetry and revenge?!"

Regina-sama cringed as she was reminded of her literal dark past.

"I would appreciate it if you didn't mention that. In any case, Wolbach, you are now officially a prisoner of the kingdom of Norse."

When she heard that, Wolbach pounced on the chance and said,

"L-Listen here, Regina-sama… This person over here just declared me as his sex slave! Surely this goes against the laws of your kingdom!"

Regina-sama's eyes widened and she turned to me disapprovingly.

"Indeed… You should not have said that, boy…"

Wolbach sighed in relief.

"The politically correct term in our nation is breeding stock, not sex slave."

"Hah?!"

Wolbach returned to panicking.

"I see… I'll keep that in mind, Regina-sama."

I said, while bowing in apology to her.

Wolbach, meanwhile, was pale in the face and said,

"I-I don't understand!"

Regina-sama chuckled and said,

"Although I have indeed moved past my old aspects, Norse still follows the laws of old… 'Whatever you shall do unto others will also be done unto thyself…' To my understanding, you have forced yourself upon my subject here. So it should be fair that he be allowed to do the same to you."

I nodded along to Regina-sama's decree.

"Wise words indeed, Regina-sama."

"T-That is…"

Wolbach's eyes were swimming around as she noticed that there was no way out.

"Of course, since Seresdina here also participated in the vile act, she will also be subjected to the boy's whims… You understand that, yes, Seresdina?"

"Y-Yes, Regina-sama…"

Serena nodded while avoiding eye-contact with me.

I chuckled and leered at the both of them.

"...You know, I've had to restrain myself a lot in my efforts to improve my personality… But you two will make for some very effective stress relief! You better brace yourselves! You humiliated me and toyed with me while I was your captive, so don't think I'll go easy on you! I'll make you regret being born a woman! But at the same time, I'll give you so much overwhelming pleasure that you'll have hearts in your eyes and make a stupid ahegao face while giving peace signs and begging to be impregnated!"

"A-As if I'll ever do that?!"

Wolbach said, with a horrified face.

Regina-sama chuckled and said,

"We still have to settle the legalities, and I would like to thank the Lizardia king as well for his cooperation, so please restrain yourself for now, boy."

"As you wish, Regina-sama…"

I bowed to Regina-sama and followed her orders like a good knight should.

"By the way, the lovely succubi have moved in, so I think you would like to greet them now."

It was now the grand opening of the succubus shop in Norse.

Of course, just like Regina-sama said, I wanted to be in attendance.

I turned to Wolbach, intending to intimidate her a bit more before I left, but…

"W-Whoa…! Such a huge bath!"

As if all her fears were gone, she was impressed when she saw the bath.

…Did she really love baths that much?
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:kinggamerlite29, Lenskio, emptylot and 120 others
BoringBone
Jan 16, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 73: Blessing This Dark Goddess With Justice! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Feb 2, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,709
A/N: Blessing This Chuunibyou Village With A Repopulation! Chapter 6 is now available here!

Also, Pervert Class Chapter 2 is now once more available after Patreon took down the original post! Hopefully it stays up this time...


Chapter 73: Blessing This Dark Goddess With Justice!

Part 1

When I arrived at the newly made succubus shop, business was already flourishing.

Along with app-users, there were citizens of Norse present.

Of course, among them was Dust.

"Bwehehe! My favorite shop is back in business!"

This guy never changes.

Instead of trying to bum money off me, he took out his own cash.

He had already converted his share of the treasure from the Beholder hoard into money, huh?

I wonder how long that would last.

And going by the clothes he was wearing…

I looked at his Louis Vuitton sweater and the rolex he was wearing.

This guy already managed to make such expensive purchases, huh?

"Dust, have you ever heard the term 'financial responsibility'?"

"What is that? Is it tasty?"

The fact I couldn't even tell if he was joking or not was concerning.

"You know, if you invest that money, it will not just last longer, you'll get even more money back."

"I am planning to invest the money. I'll use it as collateral to get a huge loan from the yakuza."

"That's not an investment!"

This guy is screwed in the head!

"Listen, Dust, just trust me if you want to maintain this kind of lavish lifestyle. Otherwise you'll just end up as a broke bum again."

"Well, if you say so. What would I even do with that money, anyway?"

There was the option of investing in the Lizardia stock market like I did.

But it was also time to kickstart Norse's own economy.

Using my own share of the treasures, I was planning to convert them into Norse's first gold coins.

Then I would distribute them evenly to every citizen of Norse.

The citizens working on Kazumall received salaries in Yen, but I would also start giving them gold Norse coins.

Then once businesses start popping up, I will start Norse's own stock market.

"You can be one of the first to build a business here in Norse. You'll earn a lot of money that way. Or you can invest in a business that someone else establishes."

"Hmm… You think I can make a casino? Or perhaps a hostess club?"

Why was he only thinking of shady businesses?
Besides, wouldn't a hostess club just overlap with the succubus shop? Would it even earn any money?

Also, for his sake, he should ban me from that casino if he wanted to make any money.

"Well, give it some thought. Once you have your business proposal finalized, we can create a building to your needs."

The main appeal of Norse is that space could be created to theoretical infinity.

Since this was a customizable dungeon space, as long as we had DP, we could keep expanding space.

Anyone who planned to make a business could create a building instantaneously, and could freely customize.

That meant that there was no need to pay a mortgage or rent for buildings, since they only cost DP to make, not physical resources.

Of course, that meant that there were pretty much no construction jobs or architectural jobs available.

But that also meant that anybody could create their own business without worrying about additional costs aside from operational expenses.

"Wait… If I open a hostess club, I can flirt with the girls for free since I'm the owner, right?!"

…Was it a good idea to encourage him to make his own business?

Well, only time will tell.

Once Dust was occupied with figuring out his business, I went to look for Rorisa.

"Kazuma-san! You're here!"

She cheerfully waved me over.

"Seems like you're having a good grand opening."

I said, while looking at all the customers waiting to sign their forms.

Since this building was much larger than their previous location, there was now a separate space for customers to 'spend the night' in.

So rather than sneak home to await their dreams with the succubi flying over, they could now directly receive the dream service within the succubus shop.

Of course, this private room was an additional charge.

This place now doubled as a hotel as well.

Right now, the customers were still paying in Yen, but I would give business owners the option to exchange Yen into the Norse gold coins when it is minted.

"Ah, sorry, I need to serve my next customer! I'll see you after work, Kazuma-san!"

It was a shame, but I had to let Rorisa go.

While she was gone, I thought more about the currency.

It would take a while for the money to circulate, not to mention convincing those bonehead app-users to use them in Norse.

Knowing them, some of them would insist on using Yen.

Well, since it was a new currency, there were bound to be these kinds of challenges.

As for the currency exchange, since the real world didn't even know about our existence, there was no point in figuring out how our currency would compare to the other nations. So I would just have to figure out the price of gold… Then offset that by pretty much laundering the Yen I received so that we don't inadvertently crash the Japanese economy.

The app automatically sorted all this out, but now I had to figure it out myself.

Part 2

While Rorisa was busy working, I decided to head back to Wolbach.

After all, making a quick stop to the succubus shop's grand opening was just a quick side quest.

I have still yet to give Wolbach her proper punishment.

I say that, but…

When I entered the 'prison', Wolbach was in the bath humming a happy tune.

What a happy prisoner we have here.

"Ahhh… Nothing like a good bath and some beer…"

Compared to how she was when we were at war, wasn't she too easygoing?

Maybe this was closer to her personality than the ruthless general I had faced before.

"Ahem… Enjoying your bath, ma'am?"

"Ahh!"

She made quite the spectacular sound when she noticed me at the doorway.

"...I planned on using [Steal] to take your clothing, but it seems you've already done the work for me."

"Do you go out of your way to find the creepiest things to say, or what?"

She said while covering up her impressive bosom.

"For a prisoner, you sure are having a good time! Should I remind you why you're here?"

"...Are you really gonna make a b-breeding stock out of me?"

"Ah, I wish I had a lie detecting bell right now because it would show you that I'm not lying about that at all! I am a true believer of gender equality, you know? Just because you're a woman, you think that you can violate me and get away with it?! Those horrible things you did to me… I'll pay them back a hundredfold!"

"...You know, Serena's power makes a puppet indebted to the master if the puppet's desires were fulfilled. So doesn't that mean you were happy to receive such treatment from us?"

"V-Victim blaming! That's obviously victim blaming right there!"

I pointed at her furiously.

"W-Well, I suppose so, but… W-Wait, you're really gonna take your clothes off?!"

She covered her eyes as I started to unzip my pants.

"...Why are you acting like some kind of maiden? I know for a fact that you're not innocent!"

"I was just doing that as part of the job! It was a professional's pride!"

"Well then, I'm also just doing my job, so make this easy for the both of us and just behave… Or do you wanna be tied up, hm? I can use my [Bind] on you if you want!"

"F-Fine, I got it! I'll behave!"

…This is pretty fun isn't it?

Of course there's the revenge aspect…

But getting to dominate such a powerful woman feels pretty good…

Darkness will surely say, 'See, you also like S&M play! Just admit it!'.

Well, I had always known that I did have sadistic tendencies.

I resumed unzipping my pants as Wolbach shyly looked away.

"If I remember correctly, you made sure to torture me plenty using your mouth, right? Go ahead and do that now, then."

"...You call it torture, but you're asking for it yourself just now?"

She was quick to pick apart my words. Then she added,

"Oh, that's right! What about Megumin?! She respects me a lot, don't you know? How will she react when she finds out her master has been reduced to this?!"

"Hmm… Maybe she'll feel the same kind of hatred when she learned what this master did to her lover?"

"Urk…!"

It seems that dealt the final blow.

She regards Megumin highly, after all.

"F-Fine… Let's just get this over with."

Seeing how much she still cared about Megumin did make me hesitate a little.

But then I glanced down at her wet cleavage and beautiful features.

That guilt soon went away.

I tossed my pants and shirt aside, stripping completely naked.

Then, I sat down on the edge of the bath as Wolbach shuffled closer.

My cock was already raring to go at full-mast.

"Hurry up~! The anticipation is killing me!"

I said, wiggling around as she frowned.

"O-OK, I get it…"

She gave my cock one final look before tucking a strand of red hair behind her ear, closing her eyes, then finally taking my cock in her mouth.

"Hoh… What a lovely, familiar feeling…"

She immediately popped out and glared at me.

"Y-You really did enjoy it back then! Yet you're acting as if you were… Hmph!"

"Ah, you talk too much! It doesn't matter what's the truth anyway. Right now you're my sex slave… Sorry, I mean breeding stock. So put that mouth to work!"

I grabbed her horns and pushed her head down.

"Mnnnph!"

"Ohhh!"

I shivered as I enjoyed the warmth of her mouth.

…Maybe I did miss this feeling.

Since she sucked me off so many times to keep me under control, it was as if my body was conditioned to react to the feeling of her mouth.

I involuntarily started thrusting upwards as I held her horns.

"Ngghkk!"

She tried to pull away but I kept her down.

"...Stop moving!"

She kept that position as I fucked her mouth.

Then, when I felt my orgasm coming…

I pulled out and pointed the tip to her face.

"Hnnnghhk!"

With a loud grunt, I came all over her face and those big breasts of hers.

…If a woman has beautiful breasts, the man should cum on it.

That is of course a rule everyone should follow.

However, as I was coming down from my high…

"Hmm… Do you think this goes against my goal to become a better person?"

"Do you even need to ask that?!"

Wolbach said, as she reached for a towel to wipe the cum off her body.

…As the lust was fading from my body, I thought about how maybe I shouldn't have done this to Wolbach..

After all, to break the cycle of hatred, one needs to forgive the offending party.

I did promise to become a better person, after all.

But then I saw Wolbach's breasts bounce as she wiped her seed off my face.

"..."

My sage mode didn't last for long as I was filled with lust once more.

"Alright, let's continue!"

"What happened to your goal?!"

I ignored her as I prepared myself for the next step.

Part 3

With my short lived moment of clarity over with, I pointed to the edge of the bath.

"Put your hands on the edge and stick your ass out."

"...Geez, you're so demanding."

"Get used to it."

She obeyed my demand and bent over, sticking her ample ass up for me.

I gave her pussy an appreciative look.

"...Do you really have to gawk at it?"

"Hey, how come you're not that wet?"

"Why would I be?!"

"Because you're about to do it with the great me?!"

"How conceited…"

I went over and pressed my finger against her slit. After some careful, circular motions, I slid it inside.

"Ngh…"

Despite her attempts to keep her voice down, I soon earned a moan.

I gave her quite the evil grin.

"Hoh? You were acting as if you wouldn't get turned on, but here we are…"

"It's a natural reaction…"

"I bet you're pent up, huh? It's been a while since you last forced yourself on me after all…"

"Can you stop mentioning that?"

"The fact that you sound so guilty makes me justified in doing this, you know?"

"Mnn…!"

I made her moan again as I slipped my finger deeper.

"Ahh… I wonder which stat I'll raise from doing you? Probably magic power or something, right? I'll make sure to increase that every night!"

"Every night is a little… Mnnn!"

"Don't forget that you belong to me now!"

Once she was properly wet, I gave her ass a little spank before hotdogging my cock between her buns. I rubbed against her soft flesh, enjoying the feeling of it, before sliding down to her wet pussy.

With a practised stroke, I slid inside.

"Argggh!"

I pushed her head down.

"Wow, you feel good…"

"Mnnn… Nnnnn!"

Wolbach started moaning despite herself as I plunged in and out of her wet pussy.

"...You want this that badly? If you're like this at the start, I wonder how crazy you'll be for my cock later on!"

I was getting so high in my power that I was saying lines some ugly bastard in a rape doujin would say.

…And no, I didn't count myself as one.

"Ah, just shut up! Mnnn!"

I did agree with her that I was getting too carried away with the dialogue.

So I just stayed quiet and focused on thrusting.

I kept drilling in that divine pussy of hers. Each stroke came dangerously close to making me just let it all out.

I reached down and groped her breast, feeling her wet skin as my hand felt around in circular motions. I licked the back of her neck while my other hand went down to stimulate her clit.

I earned a high-pitched squeal as a shudder began from the lower half of her body, travelling all the way up to her head. She shook it and beads of water splattered around in a swirl.

When I rubbed her clit and hit her deepest spot just right, she finally unravelled.

"Annnghkk!"

Her moan almost sounded like she was trying to suppress it. A deep growl snuck its way out of her chest. Shorter pants followed. I pressed against her clit with my thumb to prolong her climax. She let out a final grunt that went into a silent shiver when I gave a final flick to her aroused nipple.

It was only after she came that I finally unloaded inside her.

She couldn't even respond this time with how spent she was. I watched as a slow streak of cum trailed down her thigh into the water. She laid her tired head against the stone surface of the bath. I wiped away the wet hair from her face and saw her eyes were filled with an empty contentment. She didn't seem regretful at all. It almost seemed as if I rewarded her.

"This was supposed to be a punishment, right? What's with that satisfied look on her face?"

She blushed but didn't make any attempts to hide her sense of fulfillment.

I finally pulled out then said,

"Remember. I'm gonna do that to you every night."

She didn't respond. She slunk back into the water to wash the cum out. I left her alone in the bathroom.

I wanted to see Rorisa after she finished work.

After that, I could finally sleep.

What a busy Sunday this was!

Your 'Magic Power' went up by +2!

Part 4

"Kazuma-san, welcome back! Sorry we were so busy earlier…"

Rorisa greeted me with a warm hug when I returned.

"Hm? Kazuma-san… You're rather low on lust right now…"

She said after sniffing me.

She seemed very disappointed.

"Ah, I had to deal with a rather naughty dark goddess…"

"So that means no meal for me tonight, huh? Well, I am quite full after tonight's feast, but I was hoping for some dessert."

This little devil had quite the appetite, huh?

"How about I treat you to some real dessert as congratulations for the grand opening?"

"Oh! What did you have in mind?"

"We are in the great city of Norse, after all. There must be some kind of store or restaurant that's open…"

"It's quite late in the night, though."

"Fufu… This is a city run by ghost golems… The city quite literally never sleeps."

There were also small businesses popping up here and there. More specifically, those who were chefs in their former lives were one of the first to create their own restaurants in Norse. In fact, there were quite a few famous chefs who were now citizens.

After asking around, we found out there was a pastry shop run by a renowned French pastry chef. When I suggested that we go there, Rorisa happily agreed. Rather, she was ecstatic.

She flew around me while waving her hands.

"Let's go, Kazuma-san!"

Despite being a succubus, she acted like the typical young girl who loved sweets.

"Aww, you're gonna go out on a date, huh?"

The succubus receptionist greeted us. Rorisa nodded and she held my arm.

"I hope it's alright if I leave early!"

"Well, we're all thinking of exploring the city, anyway."

So that was the reason why they closed around earlier than usual.

Even though the shop is normally open until much later.

"Ah, I wish I had a date…"

The receptionist said, watching us enviously.

"You could take one of the customers!"

"Rorisa can do that but I don't personally feel like I should date a customer…"

She was a lot stricter on herself than others, huh?

Rorisa looked away with some guilt in her eyes.

"I'm sorry for bending the rules so much."

"Oh, it's no problem! Kazuma-san has done a lot for us!"

The receptionist looked at me with gratitude.

"Now, if it were another customer… We might have had a problem with it."

She had a scary look in her eyes.

After saying good night to the receptionist, Rorisa and I headed out to that pastry shop.

On the way there we enjoyed the sights of Norse.

I gave Rorisa a tour, although a lot of what I had to show her was empty space.

"Hopefully there will be a lot more citizens in the future."

"I'm sure that will be the case, Kazuma-san!"

She was always so bright and cheerful.

She was fascinated by the mix of ancient and modern architecture, as well as the various golem bodies all around. And now there were app-users, too.

As troublesome as these app-users were, at the very least, I knew that they managed to function well enough in a place like Lizardia.

Granted, Lizardia had that divination system, but here's the thing.

They didn't know that Norse wasn't as advanced as that yet.

All they knew was that this was a 'city in a dungeon', much like Lizardia.

So the logical assumption would be that they needed to behave in a similar fashion.

What they didn't know won't hurt them.

There was a line in front of the pastry store, so Rorisa and I chatted while in line.

Holding hands in line while chatting…

Such simple moments were so healing to my heart.

…If I think about the fact that I was just tormenting Wolbach not that long ago, I guess I can't really view myself as completely wholesome, huh?

And that reminded me of Darkness' criticism, that I change the way I act completely depending on who I'm talking to…

Well, I'm pretty sure most people were like that.

Although I assume most people don't go from 'punishing' a dark goddess to having a wholesome date with a succubus…

When it was finally our turn, we went inside.

"...! M-My muse! My muse has finally arrived!"

As soon as we stepped in, the chef saw Rorisa and started acting in a weird way.

The chef was an older gentleman who was quite built. He had a handlebar mustache that bounced around when he moved. He was bald underneath his chef's hat.

Rorisa blinked as the chef took her hands and leaned way too close.

"Eh…? Um, do I know you?"

"So beautiful! What a beautiful, elegant lady! Surely you will inspire me to create even more delicious works of art!"

…It seemed that Rorisa had an admirer.

"U-Um, I'm flattered, but…"

Rorisa looked to me for help.

I coughed into my hand.

"Sorry, but she's already taken, so don't get any funny ideas."

"...? What does that have to do with anything? She is my muse! I care not about her relationship status! Rather, it would be an insult for you to assume that I would even consider myself worthy of dating such a beauty!"

So it was like an idol fan's admiration for their oshi.

I understood that feeling of wanting to support your oshi from afar.

Although I ended up going against that belief and got close to my oshi.

"Please, my muse! You must allow me to bake a cake in your honor!"

"Well… I guess that's fine…"

Since it seemed like a relatively harmless request, Rorisa allowed it.

He took a picture of her to use as a reference.

Then he gave us a bunch of cakes for free.

"You will never have to pay for my cakes, my muse!"

Rorisa seemed overwhelmed by his praises, but she still enjoyed the cake very much.

Once we were done, we went outside with Rorisa chuckling a bit awkwardly.

"...To think someone would become a fan of me so quickly…"

"Rorisa is cute, after all."

"G-Geez!"

Despite her shyness, it was clear that Rorisa enjoyed my compliment.

"So he's gonna make a cake of you, huh? I wonder if it'll be a famous cake that goes down in the history of this nation…"

"If you put it like that, isn't that a huge burden?!"

Rorisa started panicking when I suggested this.

That chef was already famous in his previous life.

It wouldn't be unreasonable to assume he would make history again, but this time with Rorisa as his muse…

"I'm looking forward to it."

"...Kazuma-san, you do realize I'm actually nervous about all this?!"

Rorisa didn't share my excitement.

Part 5

I went home after my midnight date with Rorisa. It was a busy day so all I wanted to do was sleep.

I woke up the next morning feeling refreshed.

After going through my morning routine, Mitsurugi approached me after breakfast.

"Satou, I'm gonna see Cecily for lunch. Are you coming?"

"...I was hoping you'd deal with that yourself."

"Why would I?!"

I guess I couldn't just dump this off on him.

I promised Mitsurugi that I'd go meet Cecily with him for lunch. Satisfied, he left me alone.

I then went over to Aika-chan to ask what to do with the Yen I would exchange for Norse gold.

"You can just launder it using Kazumall, right?"

Aika-chan said, in a casual manner.

"You better not say that with Sena around… But yes, that's what I'm planning to do."

The only question was how I'd go about doing it.

"Just use Kazumall as an excuse. Expand the business and launder the money that way. Then have the government turn a blind eye since you're an important asset to the world's security."

"...What a smart daughter I have!"

"Hehe… Thanks, papa! How about we get started right now?"

"That's true, but we better not involve Sena this time."

Knowing Sena, once she catches wind of the laundering scheme, she'd shut it down herself.

And so, before I had to meet Cecily for lunch, Aika-chan and I set about expanding Kazumall.

I transformed Aika-chan's body into that of an adult, this time older than the form I gave her when we went to the casino.

Then I used the [Disguise] skill myself to make myself look like an adult.

Sena already gave me fake documents for business purposes, so I didn't have to create a fake identity.

Our first step was to go shopping for property.

"I'm scanning the market… Oh, it seems like this shrine over here is trying to sell their land."

"...That's unusual, isn't it?"

I said, once I looked at the location.

"Wait, I recognize this place…"

It was the shrine run by the man who refused to evacuate when Hans and Sylvia were invading.

He said that his wife died while they were young and they never had any children. As such, he didn't care about his life.

…I guess a guy like that wouldn't care about things like preserving the shrine.

Last time, I pretty much just left him to his fate.

I knew that I couldn't save everyone.

A part of me did end up wishing I could do more, though.

Rather, I should see if I can help him now that there is no apparent danger of attacks from the Demon King army.

And so, I went to the shrine with Aika-chan.

…

…

"Are you the folks coming to buy the land? 1 billion is my final price. Take it or leave it."

Just like before, this old man was rather curt.

That was quite a lot.

A lot of investors and real estate companies probably hesitated once they learned the price.

"...Oi, I know this is a famous shrine in Tokyo, but don't you think you're being a bit too greedy?"

"I said take it or leave it, didn't I?!"

"...What does a head priest of a shrine need so much money for, anyway?"

"Bah. I stopped caring about religion after my wife died… Well, that's none of your business."

This guy really didn't care about much of anything at all, huh?

I felt bad for him.

He was probably just drifting through life at this point, waiting for death to arrive.

With the money he'd earn from selling his ancestral property, he was probably going to burn through all of it in material pleasures before he died.

What a corrupt priest.

"Alright, I'll take it."

"Hold on, papa… You're not even gonna try to negotiate? Your charisma is high enough…"

Aika-chan whispered to me. I shook my head.

I didn't know this guy, but I still felt sympathetic to him.

I knew what it was like to feel like life wasn't worth living.

I had such a dark period in my life. But I knew that period of teenage angst couldn't compare to the death of a spouse.

The money probably wouldn't do anything to fill the hole in his heart, but maybe if he used that money to travel, see the big world outside the walls of his shrine, he'd find something out there worth living for.

"Hoh? I didn't think anyone would agree."

He turned from his task of idly sweeping the grounds. He faced me with a curious look in his eyes.

"I'm sure that there's plenty of corporations interested in this land. I'm just trying to beat them out."

"Fufu… Then let's get the papers signed before you change your mind."

He truly was a corrupt priest.

We followed him to his home. As he was getting papers to sign, I saw a picture of him and his wife.

He noticed me looking and he frowned and placed the picture down.

"...Don't your lawyers need to confirm my identity, or something?"

He said, as he laid the papers down on the table.

He laid the deed down, along with his ID and papers confirming his identity.

"No, it's fine."

Aika-chan nodded to me, confirming he was the legitimate owner of the property.

"Well, if you say so…"

He signed and stamped the transfer documents I gave him, then signed his own papers confirming the transfer.

We shook on it and I presented him with a check for 1 billion Yen.

"Whoo, I'm rich! What should I buy first? A maybach?"

He said, while raising the check up and doing a dance.

…This guy really didn't care about his religion at all, huh?

Once we left the shrine, Aika-chan said,

"Congradulations on the purchase, papa! I didn't really get why you gave that man so much money, though…"

"I guess I saw myself in him."

"That's true… You are both greedy…"

"That's not what I meant…"

"Then what did you mean?"

She said, looking curiously at me.

"I'm just hoping that man can find happiness."

"Ah, you were probably thinking about how you were such a loser back then, huh, papa?"

"I'm sure there was a kinder way to say that, my dear daughter…"

Aika-chan giggled before she hugged her arm.

"You know, papa, I take some pride in knowing I made your life better…"

It was easy to forget that Aika-chan was just an app back then.

Back when I called her Appuri-chan, she had been tracking my growth since then.

Rather, if it weren't for Aika-chan, I wouldn't have grown to the man I am today.

I patted her head and said,

"Some father I am, huh? I should be the one taking care of you, but you ended up improving my life."

"Fufu… That's right, I'm the greatest daughter ever!"

"You sure are."

"...But don't beat yourself up, papa. You're a good papa, too."

She looked up at me with sincerity in her eyes.

I wasn't sure if I would have one day grown up to become jaded and miserable like this head priest.

If it weren't for Aika-chan and everyone else I met, I could have turned out to be a different person.

But I learned my lesson.

Rather than think about what-ifs, I should just be grateful for the people who have changed my life.

And I'll always be grateful for them, no matter what happens.

Your bond with Aika has deepened!

Part 6

Satou Aika (A.I. Daughter), Bond Rank: 5

It's nice when we get to bond, papa, and I feel like I learned a lot about you! I'm still learning how humans think and how they see the world. Not only is it interesting, but I get to learn more about you, so it makes me happy! I also won't be where I am without you, so I think we've helped each other out a lot! That still doesn't take away from the fact that I'm the best daughter ever, though!

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Mirror Guard]!

[Mirror Guard] Skill Rank: 1, Passive Skill

When an opponent uses a skill against you that you also know, reduce its damage and effectiveness by 5%.

…I learned another defensive skill.

Although there were so many now that it was getting harder to decide which one to upgrade.

This one might have to take less priority though since it is quite situational. This skill depends on the likelihood that I would share a skill with my opponent. Considering how many of my opponents had unique skills, this skill probably wouldn't be too useful most of the time.

"Papa, you just thought that the skill you got from our bond rank-up was useless, huh?!"

"...What did I say about being nosy?"

"Well, stop having rude thoughts about me!"

Even though we were in such a good mood before, she got mad out of nowhere.

We went back into the mansion before my daughter's mood could get worse.

There was still time left before the meeting with Cecily, so I worked on creating that disintegration implementation for Megumin's staff.

Even though this was a legendary-level gear, since I had the max rank [Smithing] skill, it only took me an instant to create it.

I then handed it to Megumin to try out.

We went to the usual forest area where we had our explosion dates.

She then fired off the explosive ray and watched it ignite a row of trees before they exploded.

"...It's not as strong as my explosions, but I suppose I can use it."

"You sound so disappointed even though this is a legendary item."

Not to mention it still caused a lot of destruction.

"Nothing can beat a true explosion…"

This explosion addict was truly hopeless.

I also told Megumin about Wolbach and how I transferred her to Norse.

"...Can I visit her?"

Megumin said quietly.

Even after everything Wolbach did, she was still an important figure for Megumin.

I nodded and said,

"You can visit her anytime."

I wasn't going to insist on coming along. There was probably a lot Megumin wanted to discuss with her former master in private.

She had chances to visit before in Lizardia, but maybe she was putting it off.

She didn't have much of an excuse this time with how easy it was to access Norse.

As Megumin went to Norse to pay her master a visit, it was time for the lunch meeting with Cecily.

I met Mitsurugi at the place we agreed to meet, a cafe.

Cecily and Mitsurugi were already there by the time I arrived. I caught them as Cecily was feeding Mitsurugi some cake.

"Oh, Satou, there you are."

Mitsurugi said, while quickly wiping the stupid grin off his face.

This guy…

Was all he cared about a pretty face?

Moving from Aqua to Cecily… This guy's taste in women was atrocious.

I suppose I couldn't judge since I was dating Aqua, but…

Cecily was the number one kind of woman every man should avoid!

"So, what's all this about?"

Cecily asked, as she sipped her coffee.

"...You didn't tell her?"

Mitsurugi glanced away from me.

"Well, I was waiting for you, Satou."

This guy was totally spineless.

I guess this falls on me.

"You see, Cecily, as a representative of the Axis-cult, we want you to formally apologize to the Belzerg royal family…"

"Hah? Why would I do that?"

She looked at me as if I was crazy.

Even though she was the lunatic here.

"Your cult's actions have broken the peace treaties between Belzerg and the Demon King army…"

"Whose actions? Do you have any proof?"

Why was she being so difficult?!

"...Oi, we both know that the Axis-cult was the one who did it! You were the only ones with that kind of motive, anyway! Both sides wanted peace!"

"And how would you know that? Perhaps there were greedy nobles on Belzerg's side who wanted to prolong the war so they could keep taxing people? Blaming the Axis-cultists seems like a bit of a stretch!"

…I didn't expect her to put up this much of a fight.

"Well, there's one way to prove this quickly. We should use a lie-detecting bell…"

"Lie detecting bells, you say…?"

She immediately got worried.

Since she was from the otherworld, she probably knew how effective those things were.

I decided to bluff a little and say,

"Yes, that should be enough to clear your name if you're telling the truth, right?"

"E-Eh? What's this, Kyouya-kun? I'm scared! You said this was just gonna be a friendly hangout with Kazuma… Why is he interrogating me like this?"

This crafty girl was batting her eyelashes at Mitsurugi.

"K-Kazuma, I did promise her that we were just gonna talk… There's no need to bring lie-detecting bells and such into this…"

Whose side is this guy on?

I leaned over to him and said,

"Oi, remember what we're doing this for! Stick up for yourself already!"

He sighed and nodded his head.

"Cecily-san, I'm sorry, but please cooperate."

"But Kyouya-kun…"

"I mean it."

Cecily looked at Kyouya then smiled.

"Hehe… This assertive side of you is hot as well, Kyouya-kun… You should be more assertive like that in bed~!"

"E-Eh, but that's…"

Why were they flirting in front of me?

Cecily sighed and said,

"Fine, fine, so what do you want me to do?"

"Like I said, just apologize to the royal family… That would be Princess Iris."

"Oh, you should have just started with that! I'd do anything for that S+ tier loli! Huff, huff!"

As I expected.

Cecily would do anything to get close to Iris because of her 'preferences'.

But an insincere apology isn't enough.

"...You will need to promise to do everything you can to make it right to Iris and Belzerg. Do you understand?"

"Child belly, child armpits… Huh? Oh, yeah, sure."

Should I really let these two meet?

Part 7

It was a tense mood when I called Iris and Aqua down to the living room.

However, the tenseness was dispelled as soon as Cecily saw Aqua.

"This divine aura… That appearance… Can it be?! Are you Aqua-sama?!"

Aqua chuckled and placed a hand over her chest.

"Yes, it is I, child. It's nice to finally meet one of my followers…"

"Oh, my goddess!"

Cecily threw away the cookies Sena served her and bowed before Aqua.

Aqua had a proud look on her face. She was certainly enjoying this a lot.

However, when Cecily saw Iris…

"...?!! T-There she is! The loli of my dreams!"

"...Excuse me?"

Iris backed away when Cecily moved from Aqua to her. She held Iris's hands and started snorting.

"Guhihi… I-It's nice to meet you, Iris-chan~! Can I see your armpit real quick?"

"W-Why would you want to see that?!"

Iris snatched her hand away, but that didn't deter Cecily.

"F-Feisty little one, huh? How about your navel, then?"

"No!!!"

Iris hid behind me, frightened by this crazy lady.

"...If you don't behave, I'll tie you up with [Bind]."

"Fine…"

Cecily managed to calm down. She returned to her seat.

Meanwhile, Aqua didn't even try to stop Cecily or condemn her for her actions.

That was because the tenets of the Axis-cult allowed its members to do as they pleased without consequence.

Which would make it incredibly difficult to get a sincere apology out of Cecily.

What a troublesome group!

I looked to Mitsurugi, who nodded.

"Um… So, Iris-chan, Cecily-san here came to give an apology… Cecily-san, if you will."

"Oh, yeah. I'm sorry for everything. And, uh, I'll do my best to make it up to you."

…That was the most insincere apology I've ever heard.

Aqua was all smiles however.

"See? I told you my followers were reasonable!"

She really fell for that?

Iris didn't fall for it whatsoever.

"Did you really think I'd accept such a half-hearted apology? My family died because of you! Not to mention all those innocent people!"

Cecily rolled her eyes and said,

"Listen, do you really think that agreeing to peace terms with the Demon King army was a good idea?"

"Of course it is! We wouldn't have had all this destruction if we settled the matter back then!"

"Do you really think so? You do realize that they have devils on their side, masters of deception and contract magic. They know the ins-and-outs of geas spells. Even if you signed the most strict geas contract possible to maintain peace, they would still find a loophole around that."

"...That's just a hypothetical!"

Cecily grinned and raised a finger.

"Then consider this hypothetical. You agree to peace with the Demon King army, meaning that they cannot wage war on you and harm you in any way. Now that you are allies, they start invading the rest of the world. After all, they technically only have a peace pact with you, not the rest of the world. And since you can't wage war against them… Well, Belzerg, the strongest military force in the continent, is now powerless to stop the Demon King's advance."

When Iris couldn't respond, Cecily continued,

"And then they create those portals to the other world. Without anyone stopping them domestically, they accomplish their goal without any hindrance. After all, your hands are tied. All you can do is watch as the Demon King army controls not just only your world but multiple realms… Is that the kind of ending you desire?"

"They only lashed out because they lost their faith in humanity after your people attacked!"

Iris said confidently, finding a weak point to attack.

"...Do you really think that such a group that would 'lose their faith' so easily intended to keep the peace in any way? If they were sincere in their motives to make peace with humanity, they would have overlooked our little stunt. After all, it was just a small ambush force by a minority religion… Why would that ruin all the peace talks you've had thus far?"

"..."

Iris couldn't find a way to respond.

I sighed and stepped in for Iris.

"Cecily you're only basing this off assumptions… There's no use in arguing about things like that."

"So that means you can't argue against my points. I win!"

So annoying!

…It's always these types of people who demand proof from you despite having no evidence themselves.

"Well, then, let's just consult the almighty crystal ball!"

I opened a dungeon door and took out the crystal ball.

Cecily glared at it and said,

"So you're a practitioner of divinity magic! Even though divinity magic is considered the devil's work!"

She really was a pain in the ass!

"Even if it's devil magic, you do understand that divination is a legitimate field of magic…"

"Hmph…"

She crossed her arms but didn't argue further.

I then asked the crystal ball.

"Would the demon king army have proceeded with their invasion if the Axis-cult hadn't sabotaged the peace talks?"

After a moment, we received our answer.

Inconclusive. There are too many factors at work. Multiple outcomes could have resulted from such a hypothetical.

Seeing that response, both of them seemed unsatisfied.

"As you can see, there's no point in debating it. So, Cecily, please apologize."

"Hah? Why? The ball said that the answer is inconclusive!"

"Yes, but it was still your faction's actions that led to the death of Iris's family and countrymen. You can't argue about that."

Weasiling out of this by saying that it was for the greater good wouldn't cut it.

Cecily was clearly struggling, but Aqua stepped forward.

"...I'm sorry, Iris."

"...?! Aqua-sama?!"

I was also surprised, considering how much Aqua pushed back before.

"Putting who is right or who is wrong aside… I've done a lot of thinking. I consider you a friend, and as a friend, it is only right that I apologize for my followers' actions."

"B-But Aqua-sama! Our religion allows us to do whatever we want without consequences!"

"Yes, and what I want to do right now is apologize. Do you have a problem with that?"

"Uh… Um…"

I didn't even think about this solution.

A way to circumvent that rule without making Aqua seem like a hypocrite to her followers.

The fact that Aqua came up with this herself was impressive.

Considering how she usually is.

"If… If Aqua-sama is apologizing… Then I must also apologize. I am sorry."

Cecily grit her teeth and lowered her head.

This time, her apology seemed sincere.

Sure, she was just going along with Aqua, but her devotion to Aqua was legitimate.

Iris had a conflicted expression, but she eventually nodded.

"...I cannot truly forgive the Axis-cult but… Thank you for apologizing to me. It means a lot."

Mitsurugi let out a deep exhale of relief.

"Thank goodness…"

Of course, this was only the starting point.

I wasn't so naive to believe that everything between the Axis-cult and Iris was OK from here on out.

But it was a good starting place, at least.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:kinggamerlite29, Immortan_Joe, Lenskio and 104 others
BoringBone
Feb 2, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 74: Blessing This Dragon Knight With A Loli! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Feb 23, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,726
Chapter 74: Blessing This Dragon Knight With A Loli!

Part 1

"That wasn't so bad now, was it?"

I told Cecily, once Iris left the room.

She was quick to leave, too. I guess she didn't want to be around Cecily for longer than what was necessary.

"Are you kidding me? She was perfect."

She completely misunderstood me.

"I meant the apology."

"Oh, right… Well, if Aqua-sama feels that strongly about it, I have no choice but to align with her!"

Was this actually a good resolution?

All that happened was Aqua using her influence on her follower.

But still, it was better than nothing.

"Rather… I can't believe I'm seeing Aqua-sama in the flesh right now! I kneel!"

Cecily did just that, kneeling in front of Aqua, who chuckled as she had an arrogant look on her face.

"Yes, yes, it is I, my dear follower. Thank you for your support."

Why did she sound like a celebrity thanking a fan?

We let the two of them talk as Mitsurugi and I stepped outside the room.

"...I'm glad that turned out relatively well."

Mitsurugi said, with a relieved sigh.

"Aren't you the least bit concerned that you're dating a psychopath?"

He got all defensive when I said this.

"She's not a psychopath… She's just had a different life than us. I'm sure that I can eventually teach her not to be so difficult…"

So he was saying 'I can fix her'.

Well, if Aqua of all people could show emotional growth, perhaps her followers could follow her example.

Aqua and Cecily talked for a while, although from what I heard outside, it was mostly just Cecily worshipping Aqua, who was enjoying the attention.

I suppose that was the appropriate response from a woman of the cloth meeting her deity.

For me, Aqua was just Aqua, so I didn't treat her any differently even if she keeps telling me to treat her more like a goddess.

Another half hour later…

"If there's anything at all that you require, Aqua-sama, please do not hesitate to tell me!"

We heard Cecily say this as she left the living room.

"I'll keep that in mind!"

Aqua smiled as they both waved goodbye to each other.

Once we stepped out of the mansion into the garden, Cecily let out an excited squeal.

"Today is the best day of my life!"

Talk about an exaggeration.

Still, not wanting to dampen her spirits after she played nice today, I said,

"Remember, you're gonna try your best to make amends to Iris."

"Yeah, yeah. Hmm, to start with, how about I teach her the pleasures of the female body…"

This woman is irredeemable!

Mitsurugi coughed into his hand and said,

"Cecily-san, I told you that such behavior isn't acceptable."

"Kyouya, I'll make sure to reward you later for letting me meet Aqua-sama… Fufu, how about your favorite thing later on…"

"Gulp… You mean…"

I see.

So Mitsurugi was the type who was easily controlled by women.

"I also have you to thank, Kazuma. It seems that you've been taking good care of Aqua-sama, too, so I'm grateful for that."

I was surprised to see a tender look on Cecily's face.

So she was capable of showing such care?

Only if it was regarding her beloved Aqua-sama, I guess.

"If you're really grateful then don't just try and weasel your way out of what we've told you."

She might have distracted Mitsurugi, but I wasn't going to let it go.

Your bond with Cecily has deepened!

Cecily (Cultist Freak), Bond Rank: 3

Somehow, you managed to convince Cecily to apologize to Iris. Although she doesn't feel as if the Axis cult is in the wrong, Cecily's loyalty ultimately lies with Aqua. She also views you as something of a prophet, as you are Aqua's lover. Continuing to treat Aqua well will increase your bond with Cecily.

Bond Reward: [Heal] rank-up

[Heal] Skill Rank: 2, Active Skill (15 mp cost)

You can heal yourself and others, restoring HP lost. Can spend up to 5 extra mana to heal 5 additional hp.

Damage healed: 10 HP + Faith modifier (+4) = 14

With all the defensive skills I was prioritizing, I didn't put healing at the top of the list.

That was because we already had a dedicated healer.

And I could just heal myself with drain touch.

But I wasn't going to say no to an extra rank up.

Mitsurugi and I watched Cecily off.

Once she was gone, I said,

"Somehow that was really exhausting."

"Yeah…"

We were planning on going to the dungeon later, but did I have enough mental energy to do that?

I decided that I needed a break.

I went back into the mansion and saw Aqua still in a good mood.

"Are you really that happy to meet one of your crazy followers?"

"Don't call them crazy! Surely you noticed that she has a good head on her shoulders!"

"By whose standards? Yours?"

"I'm in a good mood right now from being worshipped for once, so don't ruin it for me with your negativity, Kazuma!"

She had some nerve to lecture me.

I left Aqua alone.

I thought about following up on Iris but thought better of it.

She probably needed alone time right now.

She had a lot to think about.

I then looked for something to do to take my mind off things before we had to go to the dungeon.

Megumin and Yunyun were out with their friends. Like Megumin mentioned, it had been a while since they saw their school friends.

As for Rin, she mentioned something about coming over to Ponko-sensei's place.

…She was probably expecting some kind of enchanted forest befitting a yokai, but I bet Ponko-sensei lived in some ratty apartment.

She gave off that kind of impression.

Darkness and Chris were together. Ever since the revelation of Chris's identity, those two had been spending more time with each other. I suppose now that they no longer had any secrets, they were even closer than before.

…So aside from Aqua, who was in an unbearable mood right now, and Iris, who needed time alone, none of the girls were around to spend time with.

Humu. I suppose I should fulfill my fatherly duties and spend quality time with my daughters.

However, when I went to the dungeon room, where those two were playing games…

"Go away, papa! Can't you see Mary-chan and I are close to beating this boss?!"

"Aika, don't pay attention to this inconsiderate father of ours. You need to aggro the enemies or I'll die. Ah, I died."

"Papa! It's your fault!"

Since I understood what it was like to be so immersed in a game you lash out at anyone breaking your focus, I left my daughters alone.

They were lucky to have such a thoughtful father like me.

Part 2

Instead I sent a message to Lia.

Yeah, I'm free right now. Wanna go on a date?

Her casual yet endearing response made my heart beat.

I put on my charisma clothing once more then headed out to meet with Lia.

Now, I knew very well what the third date represented.

Since we already kissed after two dates, it was possible that we could end up doing more on the third date. That was just the expected progression when it came to dating.

Of course, I wasn't expecting anything, but I also wouldn't be surprised if I would have to book a hotel room later on, or if she'd invite me back to her place.

I watched as Lia came out of the dungeon door into the empty alleyway.

"...I still haven't gotten used to these things."

She admitted, as the door disappeared behind her.

"You know, we could travel all over the world. Are you sure you wanna have a date in the city?"

I said, as I looked at her in her usual disguise.

This time, she was wearing a spaghetti strap-top layered over a light sweater appropriate for the late-August weather, a pleated skirt, Converse sneakers and a Doraemon tote-bag.

"That's true, but I don't think I can handle the thought that I can teleport anywhere in the world just yet… So for the sake of my sanity, let's just keep the dates within the city for now."

"Not even in other places in Japan?"

"Have mercy on me."

I chuckled and said,

"Alright, what do you wanna do, then?"

"Well, the sun is out and the day is beautiful, how about a picnic at the park?"

I was surprised by the suggestion. When was the last time I had a picnic? Probably with my family when I was very young. I always used to think they were boring since all I wanted to do was just play games at home. Now that I wasn't a complete homebody anymore, maybe I could actually enjoy it this time.

Also, going out to a picnic with a pretty girl was way better than being forced to come along by your parents.

"Alright, sounds good."

And with that the date was decided.

…

…

We brought some food and brought a blanket, which I stored in the inventory.

"That inventory is actually really useful."

Lia said, as she watched me storing the food inside. I said,

"What have you used it for?"

"Well, let's just say that I had to hide some material that could have exposed my secret identity to strangers…"

"Sounds like a close call…"

"Yeah, if I hadn't reacted fast enough, that would have been really bad..."

That was just yet another benefit to having Lia become an app-user.

Once we found a good spot in the park, which was in a shade under the tree with a good view of the fountain making up the center of the park, we set our blanket down and brought the food out of the inventory. We got some snacks from the conbini, onigiri, candy and drinks. It was quite a little feast.

"You're taking my advice seriously with the calorie consumption, huh?"

I said, watching Lia stuff her face with an onigiri.

"Well, I'm not going to say no to getting to eat more food, especially since I'm managing to burn it all."

The sunlight was trickling through the leaves above us. The air was warm and there was the constant buzz of activity that mixed pleasantly with the splashing sound of the fountain. The hissing of water on pavement and the murmurs of the crowd and the ever-present song of cicadas… It was all the elements of summer.

And then there was this girl beside me where all of this activity and pleasant feelings seemed concentrated. I said,

"You know, this is probably the best summer vacation I've had in my life."

She chuckled at my sudden declaration. She plucked a piece of rice from her lip and ate it. She said,

"Really? I hope I'm a big part of the reason why."

"Yeah."

"You didn't even hesitate, huh? Hmm… I'd say it's a close second for me."

She said, with a mischievous look that was just begging for me to get riled up.

"I guess I'll have to try harder, then. For reference, what is your best summer?"

"Of course, that would be the summer when the Axel Hearts were formed."

I did have fond memories of the early days of Axel Hearts, but considering the state of my life at that moment, I couldn't exactly call it one of the best periods of my life.

"How was it like back then, anyway?"

I asked, curious about how it all started for Lia and Axel Hearts.

She glanced away for a moment.

"Well, I was scouted while I was waiting for friends one day…"

It was a more typical backstory than I thought. She went on,

"It was actually originally supposed to be a model agency, but I quit when they started to ask me to do gravure stuff…"

I suppose there were those kinds of shady agencies back then, too.

"So how'd you end up being an idol?"

"I met Erika and Cielo in one of the auditions. We kind of just hit it off and we all found out that we wanted to be idols. It was just a fun project at the start, but it ended up becoming quite big at the end."

"Quite big is an understatement."

She placed her hand over mine as she leaned her head back and looked up at the sky. Her braids fell behind her shoulders. The wind made it flutter a little and then it settled back into its neat form.

"Well, let's just say that I'm really blessed."

I guess when one is blessed with good fortune, that's all you can really say.

…

…

"You want to come over for a bit, Kazuma?"

Lia gave me this invitation as we were packing our things up.

"Yeah, sure."

Of course I'd accept.

This was it, just like I suspected, something was gonna happen. Of course, I wasn't expecting to go all the way, but even going second base with Lia, my oshi, was already something that a lot of guys would kill for. And that wasn't even an exaggeration.

We took the dungeon door directly to her living room. She chuckled as we stepped out.

"The dungeon doors kinda ruin the anticipation, doesn't it?"

Well, I suppose part of the thrill of this stage in dating is those butterflies in your stomach as you anticipate what's next.

Immediately teleporting to your date's place does kind of kill the mystique a little.

"Sorry about that…"

I didn't even think about it. I should have suggested going the long way together next time.

"I'm just teasing. If I really cared I would have brought it up."

No, as the more experienced one, I should take these kinda things into consideration. And I mean experience both in romance and in things related to the dungeon.

"Let me get comfortable first."

She went to her room to get changed and freshen up. A few minutes later, her glasses and braids were off and I was greeted by the sight of the girl whose pictures filled up all of the memory in my phone.

She was wearing a pink hooded top and white short-shorts with pink trim. She chuckled when I stared at her but didn't comment on it.

I guess that meant that she was trying to get this reaction out of me.

She joined me on the couch and placed her hands on her lap.

"For the record… I don't think I can go all the way yet today."

She was quick to set boundaries.

She said and I nodded understandingly.

"Yeah, I get it."

"You're so respectful, Kazuma."

"I can be if I want."

She smiled then leaned in for a kiss, much longer than the one we shared at the park.

"But for how far we can go before we cross the line… We'll see how it goes."

She said, with a slightly shy but nonetheless assertive look on her beautiful face.

Part 3

The kisses we exchanged got longer and more exploratory as we went on. Rather than quick kisses we transitioned to open-mouthed ones, before I took the initiative to slip my tongue in. When she didn't pull away, I held her shoulders, pulling her closer.

My hands went from her shoulders up to her long hair. She was cute with braids, too, but I had been admiring this long, silky hair of hers for so long that just touching it like this already felt like an achievement.

This was Lia, my oshi, my class rep. So many of these things. It was easy to just get carried away and push her down, but I held myself back.

When we pulled back, she chuckled.

"You're really good at this. I feel kinda bad 'coz I'm so inexperienced."

"The fact that you're inexperienced makes me happy as a fan."

"Yeah, you're one of those purists, aren't you?"

"Well, I don't really mind if a girl has experience, but idols are different."

"...You really are an idol fan, huh?"

She said, with a roll of her eyes, before she leaned back in.

This time, she placed her hands on my chest. I slowly let my hands wander down from her shoulders and hair down to her back, then the sides of her torso, landing at her waist.

I felt her slender form, that dancer's body honed from so many hours of practice. Then my hands made their way down to her thighs. When my cursory touches met no resistance or complaint, they continued their way until I was feeling the supple flesh of her thighs through her skirt.

I was wondering how far I should go. At the very least, I figured that I should just stick to touching and petting through the clothes for now, unless she specifically asks for me to go further. So I kept feeling up her thighs as we made out.

When she shifted closer, I felt her chest against my arm. My hands slid up her body from her thighs. I made sure she knew where it was going from the slow intent of my hand climbing up. When she didn't resist again, I gently cupped my hand over her breasts, feeling a vague shape of them through the layers of clothing and the bra.

It was through clothing, but I was actually touching Lia's chest.

Somehow, I was getting emotional.

I kept feeling them up, until I felt that it would be greedy to go further.

Still, she sure was letting me do a lot.

Well, I say a lot, but even middle schoolers get up to playing doctor like this.

It was just that I put the idol Lia on such a high pedestal that even the slightest touch felt like heaven to me, or that I was treading on forbidden grounds.

One hand stayed on her chest, cupping around and the other hand went down to her thigh again, then up her ass.

More and more, things were heating up. Lia sensed this as well and she drew back with an apologetic smile.

"Do you mind if we stop here?"

"Yeah, that's probably a good idea."

With the way things were heading, we'd probably end up rushing things.

I wanted to take my time with Lia, too, so I didn't have any problems with stopping there.

We ended up watching Netflix on her couch for the rest of the afternoon while cuddling.

…

…

Although I did enjoy my time with Lia, I was horny as hell by the time I got back to the mansion. Since we had a dungeon run again that night, I didn't think I'd be able to focus on it at this rate.

Thankfully, Chris and Darkness got back just in time.

"You two have perfect timing… Go ahead and strip."

"Hah?" x2.

They both gave me a look of disbelief at my abrupt request.

They had just entered the living room. I guess they weren't expecting to hear this as soon as they got home.

"Kazuma, what's wrong with you?"

"Darkness, you have the nerve to say that about me? Besides, I know you're just acting tough in front of Chris, but I bet you got a little wet at my assertive tone, didn't you?"

"N-No, of course not…"

"Darkness…"

Chris looked at her friend with some pity.

"And Chris, your closet perversion is well-documented at this point, so there's no need for pretense."

"That whole narrative about me being perverted is just your delusion! No one thinks that aside from you!"

"Well… Based on what Kazuma told me…"

"Oi, Darkness, whose side are you on?"

Chris shot Darkness with a look of betrayal.

I sighed and started unzipping my tracksuit.

"Can we just skip this part? I'm really horny and you're the first ones home, so let's just skip this cutscene and get to the action already!"

"...Treating us like we're convenient girls! Kazuma, you may do as you wish to me, but don't treat Chris like that!"

"Oh? You want to leave your dear friend out?"

"Kuh! As expected of Kazuma, you're a devil when it comes to twisting words…"

"Don't be impressed with him, Darkness! Keep telling him off!"

"Chris… The more you put up this reluctant act, the more I want to dominate you in bed. So keep acting like this if you want it rough like I know you do…"

"...You're just gonna end up somehow making whatever I say into some kind of perverted thing, so I won't even dignify that with an answer."

What a stubborn girl, this one. Rather than just admit she's interested she keeps on putting up this act.

Chris was just like how Darkness was back then when she'd put up that unconvincing lie about being a Crusader. Everyone knows that she belongs to the Masochist class with a sub-class in Pervert.

"Alright, chop, chop. Let's head upstairs and blow off some steam before the dungeon raid."

"...You're really not gonna listen, huh?"

With a sigh, Chris ended up following anyway.

This girl was really quite a handful.

Part 4

"...Why are we even doing this…"

Chris mumbled as I took them to my room. I watched as they slowly undressed.

"Because I got horny from making out with Lia."

"You're horrible! You're using us to relieve the lust you got from another girl?!"

"Kazuma! I may allow you to treat me like this, but doing this to Eris-sama is too far!"

"...Darkness, I already told you to treat me as Chris, your friend, instead of a goddess…"

"...Kazuma! I may allow you to treat me like this, but doing this to Chris is too far!"

"Much better."

What was the difference there?

I clapped my hands.

"Great, great. You two are exemplary pals. I'm touched! Now keep stripping."

"Kazuma-kun… You really need to treat your lovers better…"

"Just think of this as a bonding exercise with Darkness. You can be true equals in this way."

"Hm… I suppose that makes sense."

"Chris, don't allow him to distort your values!"

"Ah, that was close!"

Just when I was starting to make work on Chris, Darkness pulled her back out.

With all that said, they still properly stripped down to their underwear.

I looked at Darkness's white lingerie and Chris's black lingerie.

"Hoh… Wearing each other's colors, huh?"

"What's that supposed to mean… Mnn!"

I silenced Chris as I walked over and immediately started touching her slim body.

My hands traced her figure, before they went behind and I got a good squeeze of her ass. I gave it a little smack, making her jump even more.

"Now, let's see how wet you are… Yup, you're soaking."

"You don't have to comment on it! Hmmn!"

I rubbed circles over her panties, feeling them instantly getting wet. Then I dropped those panties down to her ankles and started rubbing her slit directly.

"Darkness, come here."

Even though this girl was a huge pervert, I guess she had reservations about doing this with her best friend, who also happened to be the goddess she represented as a Crusader.

As for me, even though I was also a Knight who served under Regina-sama, I had no reservations about having sex with her.

Rather, the dynamic actually added to the kinkiness.

"...For all your talk, you're even wetter than Chris is."

It seemed that Darkness was getting turned on because of this dynamic as well.

"That's not true… Hnnnn!"

She was unconvincing as she let out a high-pitched moan.

"Hah… Why do you two even try to put on an act? I'll show this perverted duo that there's no use hiding their naughty selves from me…"

I leaned down in front of them and started fingering them both at the same time.

"Ah…!"

"Mnn…!"

I enjoyed their moans, which got louder as I started to use my mouth to lick them along with the fingering, taking turns swirling my tongue around their sensitive clits.

I soon felt Chris's hands going to my head for support, while Darkness, also seeking something to hold, ended up holding my face when I went to her.

It didn't take long until…

"Hnnnnghhh!"

They were both cumming for me.

I eagerly lapped up their juices.

"Hmm… That's strange. I thought Aqua was the goddess of water, but the goddess of luck and her loyal Crusader is the one with the waterworks right now…?"

"Shut up…"

Chris's gasping retort didn't even have any bite in it this time.

Humu. I properly tamed them, huh?

I grabbed Chris and pinned her down on the bed.

"Wai… Mnnghk!"

I couldn't wait anymore and shoved my cock into her wet pussy. My arousal was at a boiling point, so I just started thrusting right away, knowing that she was more than ready for it.

Any complaints died in her mouth as I aimed for her weak spots right away, and soon she became obedient as I pushed her head down into the sheets.

"K-Kazuma, treating Chris in such a manner is… Wait…"

Darkness couldn't say anything more as I turned Chris's head for her to see the ecstatic face she was making.

"..."

"Speechless? I told you this one is a closet freak… She's always acting as if she doesn't want to be treated like this, but we have quite the naughty female thief, don't we? She loves getting dicked down like this!"

To prove my point, I smacked Chris's ass, leaving a handprint on her delicate skin as I kept pounding her down, pinning the side of her face down for Darkness to watch.

"Chris… I'm impressed."

Darkness said, once she saw the hidden masochistic side of her friend.

"Darkness, don't look… Nghhk!"

I pulled her bra up, giving me access to her small chest. I then gently pinched those nipples at the same time while thrusting down into her weak spot in a hooking motion, culminating in an upwards shove that completely filled her with my hard cock.

She already came from the intense fucking I gave her, practically convulsing on the bed.

"Darkness, take your place behind your perverted partner in crime."

"Y-Yesh…"

Darkness was practically drooling as she bent over beside Chris. I also gave her ass a smack, but this time I put more power into it, knowing that absurd defense of her would handle it.

"Kyuun~!"

"What a pathetic noise you're making…"

I pulled my belt out, folded it and snapped it in place, creating a distinctive sound that made the both of them turn their heads.

"What are you…"

Chris gasped as I suddenly whipped Darkness's ass with it.

"Ngghkk…!!!"

Of course, Darkness practically had a mini orgasm as I whipped her.

"...This is how perverted this Crusader friend of yours is…"

I snapped the belt again, leaving angry whip marks on Darkness's fair skin.

Then without warning, I shoved my cock into her waiting pussy. She clamped down on me hard from all her arousal. I undid her bra from behind, letting those tits loose, as I started whipping her ass while pounding it from behind.

"Ahh… Ahh… Kazuma…!"

This was the best kind of play for Darkness.

Getting whipped with a belt beside her best friend, who was looking at her with a judging stare.

Of course, she came over and over.

"You pathetic little slut! Who gave you permission to cum?!"

Even though Chris had a bit of M in her, she probably wasn't ready for this kind of play, so I just restricted it to Darkness.

After Darkness came so many times, I finally allowed myself to cum as well.

I had them go on their knees and stick their tongues out.

"...You should know what to do by now, Chris. Make sure to swallow every last drop like you did that time…"

"You keep mentioning that! You… Mnn!"

While she was complaining, I gave her a hot load all over her open mouth, before moving to Darkness. I then wiped my cock head on their cheeks, cleaning it up as some last spurts also dribbled out.

Since I was backed up, I had a lot of cum to give them.

I reached down and held their chins up.

"Swallow it, then show me."

Darkness eagerly swallowed my seed, while Chris still had a bit of pride left in her.

"Be a good girl and swallow."

"..."

While glancing away stubbornly, she swallowed my cum, making an audible noise as the thick cum went down her throat.

"Open your mouth. Stick your tongue out."

She eventually did as I was told, showing me her tongue.

"...You didn't swallow all of it."

I tapped my cock right on her tongue, dribbling off the last few specks as I wiped my cock off her tongue.

She blushed furiously, but she didn't complain about it.

Humu… Perhaps Chris levelled up in masochism today from that.

And unlike Megumin who was more of a switch, I could see Chris continuing to fall from grace from here on.

"...Kazuma, do that to me, too!"

She won't fall as far as this Depraved-tina, though.

Part 5

With my needs taken care of, I was able to focus on our dungeon raid tonight.

We would be exploring the 91st floor.

The raid boss for this floor, when Mitsurugi explained it, seemed ridiculous at first.

After all, it was something called a Flying Cabbage King.

It was the ultimate stage of evolution for the Flying Cabbages I faced in the first floors.

What made it dangerous was that it was accompanied by a swarm of flying cabbages, which had their stats buffed tremendously by the cabbage king.

And the only way to stop the buffs was to take down the king, which was extremely tanky.

So we had quite a challenge ahead of us.

Of course, as an emergency backup, we could always have Megumin blow the whole floor up with explosion.

These flying cabbages were heavily resistant to magic due to the buffs, but their only weakness was fire magic.

And even then, ordinary fire magic wouldn't cut it, but the explosion magic of a maniac like Megumin was sure to one-shot them.

The only problem was that we wouldn't get any EXP if Megumin just did all the work.

Theoretically, she could probably just blow her way past most of the bosses at this point, that was how ridiculously powerful her explosion magic was now.

Thankfully, she understood the purpose of these raids and held back on doing that.

A less mature Megumin probably would have just done it.

"...Seeing that many enemies, you really thought I wouldn't try to explode all of them?"

She'd say something like that.

Once everyone gathered, we went over our gameplan before heading to the dungeon.

After teleporting, I went to Iris to have a chat as we walked together.

"Iris, I just wanted to check up on you…"

Since she had quite an intense moment with Cecily earlier, I wanted to see if she was alright.

"Yeah, I'm fine, onii-sama. I just spent a few hours thinking about everything…"

"...You could have taken the night off if you wanted."

She chuckled and said,

"I've already spent a lot of time in this world lazing around. I don't want my skills to get rusty."

It seemed that the whole encounter with Cecily made Iris revert back to a warrior's mentality.

I wanted her to see what it was like to be a normal kid for a bit longer, but we had an agreement. I'd stop babying Iris around and respect her as an equal.

I wouldn't make the same mistake as last time, when I prevented her from joining the fight against Wolbach.

While we were talking, [Enemy Detection] alerted me of an enemy. Chris held out her hand as well. We stopped as bats came out from the shadows.

"...! Those are Phase Bats! Watch out!"

Mitsurugi warned us about these guys.

They were bats that could use the Random Teleport spell on their prey.

Just like what Wolbach did to us, we could end up in another part of the dungeon entirely if those things landed the spell on us.

And the Phase Bats had a unique trait to their Random Teleport. Those who are affected cannot use their own teleportation magic for several minutes.

That meant that even if you had teleport magic, you couldn't just teleport back right away.

If you ended up in a dangerous area alone, you were pretty much dead.

The Phase Bats launched their attacks, which were circular waves of phantasmal energy that shot out rapidly from their mouths.

Everyone quickly scattered away to avoid the attacks.

I then used [Defuse] to get them to take their focus away from me.

Using that chance…

"[Rapid Shot]!"

I sent a machine gun volley of ice arrows to quickly take them out.

"Oi, Kazuma, I thought you said that we should share the EXP, but you just one-shot all of them."

Megumin said, narrowing her eyes at me in suspicion.

"I didn't have a choice. Those were particularly dangerous monsters, so I had to take them out swiftly."

Dust picked his nose and said,

"I could have taken them out without any problems, though?"

This guy sure was confident for someone who got hit with a ray that sent him running away last time.

Mitsurugi, as usual, played the peacekeeper.

"Now, now, let's give Satou the benefit of the doubt and just move on."

"If you say so."

Megumin nodded to Mitsurugi and we moved forward.

We encountered the next enemy, monsters called High Venom Snake.

It was the evolved version of the Venom Snakes we faced before.

"[Decoy]! [Mighty Slash]!"

Since I had maxed out poison resistance, I aggroed all of the snakes then finished them all off with a sweeping slash.

"...You did it again."

Megumin said, giving me quite the unimpressed gaze.

"It couldn't be helped. Not everyone has maxed out poison resistance."

"Aqua is pretty much immune to poison, and Darkness also has every protective skill maxed out since that's the only thing she can do."

"I beg your pardon, Megumin, but I need to correct you. I can also attack normally now, so please retract what you just said."

Darkness felt the need to comment on that.

Rin chuckled and said,

"Senpai is just worried about all of us since our battle with the Beholder was tougher than expected. Please understand where he's coming from."

"Hm, is that how it is?"

Megumin said, unconvinced.

"Onii-sama… I haven't been able to fight yet."

Even after I claimed I wouldn't baby Iris…

I guess I'm a hypocrite, but everyone already knew that.

From there, we moved forward.

"I'll handle this! [Snipe]!"

Only for me to take out the next batch of enemies.

"...Senpai, are you actually doing this on purpose?"

Even Rin was losing faith in me.

"No, I'm really not doing this on purpose."

Their looks told me they didn't believe me.

When we finally made it to the boss room…

"Explosion!!!"

"What are you doing?!"

Megumin immediately released an explosion.

We watched as the cabbages immediately burned to a crisp.

Megumin fell down with a satisfied look on her face.

"Since Kazuma took all the EXP earlier, it's only right that I take all the EXP now, right?"

This girl…

She didn't mature at all!

Part 6

"Megumin, please stop being difficult…!"

"Hah? Who gave you permission to speak, Yunyun?"

Once Megumin exploded the entire boss room by herself, Yunyun berated her.

But Megumin didn't accept that, of course.

I chopped Megumin on the head.

"You're being mean to Yunyun, your dear best friend, again. Not to mention you're completely in the wrong here, so just accept it."

"Tch…"

She clicked her tongue but didn't say anything more.

Yunyun smiled gratefully when I defended her. What a sweetheart.

Rather, I should make sure to fuck those two together again to ensure their bonds remain strong.

Of course, I wasn't just seeking a threesome with the two beauties. I was just worried about maintaining their friendship.

"Sniff, sniff… Hey, Kazuma, don't you think it suddenly smells delicious around here?"

Aqua said, as she sniffed the air.

"Now that you mention it…"

There was a delicious scent in the air.

We soon noticed it was the cabbages. They had all been perfectly roasted by Megumin's explosions.

"...Some of the cabbages weren't fully burnt by the explosion. I suppose these were the inner layers that were protected by the magic resistant outer layers…"

Mitsurugi said, as he picked up one leaf and tasted it.

"Delicious…!"

Chris curiously picked one up.

"You're right, Mitsurugi-kun! Oh, and I think I gained a lot of EXP!"

Megumin was about to pick some up, but I stopped her.

"Oh, no, you don't. You already got an absurd amount of EXP. We're having a feast at your expense."

"This and that are different things… I'm not concerned about the EXP. I just want to taste the delicious cabbage…"

"That's also part of your punishment."

"So mean…"

Megumin sulked as we all took a break to have a cabbage feast.

"So good! Oi, crazy explosion girl, you should cook some more veggies like this! Try some carrots next!"

Dust callously said this to Megumin.

"Why you… Taunting me with the cabbages is one thing, but calling me crazy explosion girl is another! Why don't I make it so those cabbages are your last meal!"

"...?! Kazuma, control this crazy bi… Ahhh?!"

Dust was forced to run away from the rabid Megumin.

Since there was a lot of cabbage, we stored them in the inventory for later consumption.

If Megumin promised to behave, she could have some later.

She was on her best behavior from then on.

Since the 91st floor was dealt with swiftly, we moved on to the next floor.

This time, Dust was more alert than before.

That was because the 93rd floor was where the white dragon was reportedly seen.

"Hah!"

His movements became more efficient as he took down monsters with his spear.

With Dust picking up his efforts, we made it to the boss floor at record speed.

After setting the teleportation marks outside, we entered.

"Whoa…"

Unlike the raid boss floors from before, this was a wide dungeon floor such as the ones with the bark people in it, as well as Lizardia.

It was a mountainous region with fertile lands. Vegetation grew everywhere and untamed flora grew into strange species that were almost creepy to look at with how alien they were.

There were flowers with thorns replacing the petals and petals where the thorns ordinarily were. There were large stalks of drooping corn that swayed ominously under its own weight, and cattails of the same size that looked like Sauropods from a distance.

And then, we heard it.

A roar that grabbed all of our attention.

Then somewhere in the distance, we saw the flap of wings retreating away from us, as well as green scales glittering from the sunlight.

It was a dragon.

A big one with green scales.

Of course, this wasn't the rumored white dragon.

But it was still our biggest lead so far.

"I guess we follow that thing."

I said, to which everyone nodded.

The dragon headed into a mountain, where there was a conspicuous opening that was clearly meant to be a dragon's lair.

It wasn't exactly hidden, but I suppose a dragon had no need to hide.

We did find some monsters that were its prey, but even things like the one-shot bears that we found seemed like easy prey for a dragon. As such, they were a lot more meek than the previous variants we encountered. They scurried away like frightened rabbits.

We gave each other a look then headed inside the dragon's lair.

Aqua, Chris and I used our night vision to maneuver through the cave.

Thankfully it was a straightforward one rather than a labyrinth.

So we kept going deeper.

Until…

We came upon a huge cavern.

And the dragon was there.

"...?"

It turned to us, seemingly with a confused look on its face.

"...Uh, what are you doing here?"

It reacted in an unexpected way.

When I looked to Mitsurugi, he also looked confused. He said.

"Well, we're app-users, so…"

"No, I get that, but this is my home. And I'm off work right now."

The dragon then proceeded to lay on its sides and it clapped its hands together.

The cave was suddenly filled with light and we saw a giant mirror on the wall.

Images formed on the mirror and I saw lizardfolk acting out a play.

"...Is this from Lizardia?"

I asked, when I saw the Lizardfolk.

It looked like the mirror was showing a live feed of a stage production happening in Lizardia.

"Yeah, I have a DiviFlix subscription… Rather, what are you people still doing here? I told you I'm not working right now. Can you please come tomorrow, during business hours? I'll fight you then."

"Oh, uh, sure."

Since we were in the wrong here, we were about to leave.

Of course, Dust wouldn't have it.

"Listen, pal. I'm just looking for a white dragon."

That got his attention.

"Oh, you mean Faitfore-chan?"

"Yeah, that's her!"

"Oi, Faitfore-chan!"

Upon the dragon's call…

A white haired girl blearily came out from under a pile of hide.

As she stepped closer…

It was clear she was naked.

Megumin came out and wrapped her cape around the girl, followed by Rin.

"Poor girl…! You're safe now!"

"What horrible things have you done to this girl?!"

They looked suspiciously at the dragon.

"Hah? What are you on about?"

"Why is she naked?!"

"I'm naked too, bitch!"

He said, pointing at his body.

"We're dragons, bitch! Why would we wear clothes, bitch! Are you dumb, bitch?!"

He sure was spamming the word bitch.

"Ahem… Sorry, I have temper problems. People say I have a fiery temper. Haha. Get it?"

He laughed all by himself.

Aside from that, we looked at Dust, who knelt down in front of the girl.

"Huh? Who are you?"

…Was this actually just a random girl?

He didn't seem to recognize her.

"...Master, it's me, it's me."

This white haired loli suddenly started doing the 'it's me, it's me' scam.

"Wait… Could you actually be Faitfore?"

Dust had a confused look on his face.

"Yes, that's right, Lain…"

"Ah, you mean, Dust, right?!"

He hurriedly covered her mouth.

I bent down to whisper to Dust.

"...Oi. Did you just trick me? By dragon, you really meant loli? You'd go this far to reunite with a loli?"

"It's not like that! Obviously she's using some kind of transformation magic!"

Well, I suppose dragons were known in fiction to transform into humans.

Rather, I had seen female orcs transform into humans, so I shouldn't be surprised.

The method was rather unexpected, but Dust achieved his goal of rescuing his dragon mount.

"Now that I've reunited with master, you can ride me all day and night like you used to before."

"Oi…"

The others, who didn't know what was going on, started giving Dust dangerous glares.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Immortan_Joe, kinggamerlite29, Enverion and 112 others
BoringBone
Feb 23, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 75: A Duel Against This Dragon! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Mar 18, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,738
A/N: Chapter 1 of the Ame spinoff is available here on Patreon! The childhood friend finally gets her own route!


Chapter 75: A Duel Against This Dragon!

Part 1

"Little girl, you should come here and step away from that man…"

Megumin said, as she glared darkly at Dust.

"Hold on, I think you're making a big misunderstanding here."

"What is there to misunderstand?"

I defended Dust before things got worse for him.

"Hold on, Dust is innocent here…"

"Kazuma, the fact that you're defending him doesn't really help."

Aqua nodded in agreement.

"Yeah, it's not really convincing if one lolicon defends another."

"Why am I still being called a lolicon?! If I was truly a lolicon, then I would have made a move on Iris already!"

"Onii-sama, please don't involve me in this."

I immediately stopped.

It's one thing if Megumin and Aqua looked at me like I was trash.

But if Iris started doing that as well, it would destroy me.

"...So who is this girl, senpai?"

Rin said, thankfully giving me a chance to explain myself.

I was about to explain but I looked at Dust.

He didn't like talking about his past, and he had many secrets.

Thankfully he took over the explanation before I was forced to come up with something.

"She's a girl I once took care of in the other world… She must have fallen into one of the portals like I did."

"...I see. Another otherworld refugee. That's truly becoming more of an issue, huh?"

Mitsurugi said, his gaze softening.

"So… Faitfore-chan, was it? It must have been rough, huh? Ending up in an alternate world…"

Mitsurugi asked, as he bent down to talk to Faitfore.

Dust clicked his tongue.

"...Faitfore, do you remember what I told you about handsome guys?"

"They cannot be trusted and I shouldn't talk to them."

"Good, you remember my teachings well."

What the hell was this guy teaching her?

"Why are you turning her against me?! Well, it seems she does know you, so I guess your story is valid."

"There was no need to doubt me, in the first place."

Dust said to Mitsurugi, who glanced away.

I mean, if I didn't know anything about Dust, I'd also come to the same conclusion.

Faitfore turned to the green dragon and bowed.

"Thanks for taking care of me all this time."

"Yeah, no problem."

The green dragon said, with a dismissive wave of his hand. But then he looked sharply at Dust.

"...Although, can this man truly be trusted?"

Even the dragon was suspicious of Dust.

"Listen, you should just trust Faitfore's judgement. She clearly trusts me, right?"

Faitfore nodded and said,

"Yes. Due to the contract I have with master, I must entrust my heart and body to him…"

"Hold on now, that sounds suspicious, doesn't it?!"

"Faitfore… Why do you keep saying things that make me look like a creep?!"

His face was doing a good job of that by itself, though.

"Yeah, I'm getting suspicious all over again!"

Megumin was siding with the dragon.

"Senpai… Are we really sure we can trust Dust-san?"

Rin said, taking her wand out and pointing it at Dust.

Dust pointed at Rin and said,

"You know, ever since I first met you, you've been incredibly rude towards me, your senior, haven't you?! Why can't you be a good girl and obey your elders!"

Rin looked offended and said,

"You can't be more than a couple years older than me, so why are you acting so high and mighty?! The fact that I even call your name with '-san' might already be too much for a wretch like you, so I'll just call you 'Dust' from now on!"

"It got downgraded?!"

There was something about Dust that made Rin uncharacteristically angry, I noticed.

It was amusing, so I watched them argue with a smile on my face.

"Kazuma, you're finally seeing how entertaining it is to see you and Aqua argue."

Darkness said this to me, which made the smile disappear from my face.

"...Of course it's not the same."

"Even if you say that, I can guarantee you that it is."

Chris chuckled and nodded.

"Well… Darkness does have a point."

Of course she'd have Darkness's back.

Once the misunderstanding was cleared once more, with Dust claiming that Faitfore is a blunt girl who sometimes doesn't think about how her words could be interpreted, we set about to leave the floor.

But before that, I asked the dragon,

"Can you show us where the exit is? I want to set a teleport point on the next floor."

"...? Why are you talking as if I'd let you advance from here without a fight?"

I guess since this dragon was being cooperative so far, I almost forgot it was a raid boss.

"I'm off right now, but tomorrow I will return to my duties…"

"Oh, come on. Can't you just let us pass? You helped Faitfore, so I don't want to slay you or anything."

I said, to which the dragon laughed.

"Bwahaha! Slay me? In your dreams! Well, I don't want to make Fatifore sad if I kill you. Tell you what, if you beat me in a duel without killing, I will allow you to pass."

"Ohh…!"

That was an interesting arrangement.

"A non-lethal 1v1 duel against a raid boss, huh? I suppose it would be a good way to test our strength…"

Mitsurugi said, as he rubbed his chin.

"...Wait, isn't this dragon just making things easier for himself?"

Aqua, ever the perceptive one, said this.

The dragon glanced away.

"H-Hah? I'm doing you a favor here. I don't want to party wipe you, so I'll go easy on you and spar with one of you instead! If you beat me in a light spar, I'll let you pass! Aren't I kindhearted?!"

It went from a duel, to a spar, to a light spar.

Perhaps this dragon really was trying to take it easy.

But it would be sad if we ended up slaying this dragon, who acted as Faitfore's guardian.

So this might be the kindest arrangement possible.

Even if this dragon was the one benefitting from this, we agreed to his terms.

"Now scram! Big Brother Lizardia is coming up! I don't wanna miss this week's episode!"

The dragon ended up kicking us out.

Part 2

"So, what are we gonna do with Fait-chan, is she gonna stay with us?"

Aika-chan, who was excited to have a new playmate, said this.

"She's probably gonna stay with Dust."

"Then, why can't I live in your mansion?"

Dust said, and Rin shook her head behind him.

The others also joined in.

This guy sure was unpopular.

"Well, I've always taken care of Faitfore, so that's fine with me."

"I'm concerned about master, so I'll stick with you."

Who was taking care of who here?

Before they were about to leave together, Dust pulled me aside.

"Uh, thanks for helping me out, Kazuma. Faitfore wasn't in any immediate danger, but if some app-user actually managed to kill her…"

He had a dark look in his eyes.

"Well, it would have been bad."

He was really protective of Faitfore, huh?

"It's fine. We're friends after all."

He grinned and patted my shoulder.

"If you ever need anything, make sure to tell me and I'll come running!"

"You'll come help us clear the dungeon floors, right?"

"...I need to get my living situation with Faitfore sorted out, so…"

He was unreliable as ever.

Faitfore bowed to us as she left with Dust.

"It's nice to meet you all, and thanks for taking care of my master."

Megumin stared at him suspiciously again.

"She keeps calling him master…"

"I feel like we're making a big mistake here."

Yunyun nodded, agreeing with Megumin.

Still, they watched Dust and Faitfore leave together.

Your bond with Dust has reached the max rank!

Dust (Blond Delinquent), Bond Rank: 7 (MAX)

Dust doesn't seem to trust a lot of people, but you still managed to earn his complete trust after helping him rescue Faitfore. Dust will try to be more open with you, even if it feels awkward for him. You two probably will never get over the awkwardness of asking each other for help, but from now on, you two know that you have each other's backs no matter what.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Dragon Lance]!

[Dragon Lance] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (15 mp)

Your next attack with a spear/lance is considered a +1 priority move. Even if an opponent is faster than you, you will move first, unless they also use an attack or skill that is of equal priority or higher. You can only use this skill once per five minutes.

…These max bond descriptions were as embarrassing as ever.

The most embarrassing ones were with my male friends, though.

I focused on the skill instead.

A priority move, huh? That was my first one.

Although ironically, this skill wasn't at the top of my priority list.

There were just too many others ahead.

Still, it could be useful to take the opponent off guard.

While fighting through the dungeon, I also gained enough EXP for a level up.

…The fact that taking out all those monsters on a high level floor only earned me one level up shows how hard it was to earn levels at this stage.

I decided to just put [Ignore Pain] to rank 14.

Going with the same logic of investing my skill points into defensive skills, I stayed with the plan.

With the rate I was acquiring levels, unless I discovered some other cheese tactic to farm EXP, I should consider my build done with.

So any skill points I gain from here on should be invested in survivability.

That also meant that I had to content myself with my crit archer build on offense and the versatility of all my other skills.

[Ignore Pain] Skill Rank: 14, Active Skill (10 mp)

Delays the calculation of damage for up to 30 HP, but you will receive the full brunt of any unmitigated or untreated damage after 10 seconds.

Then, afterwards…

Since I had the urge earlier, I called Megumin and Yunyun to my room.

"...Having me do this together with Yunyun again… Mnn!"

Megumin said, as I plugged her from behind.

"What can I say… You two are just too erotic."

Yunyun watched as I pressed down on Megumin's back as I plowed her into the bed.

"Kazuma-san…"

Then, the lovey-dovey Yunyun went to my side and kissed my neck, as she embraced me tenderly.

"Yunyun… You're so cute…"

"Ehe… That's so sweet, Kazuma-san…"

"Oi, why are you two getting so romantic, but you're being so rough with me?! Ahnn!"

I shut Megumin up by gripping her ass and plowing her harder, all while I gave Yunyun romantic kisses.

Then, when it was Yunyun's turn on the bed, Megumin was glaring at me from the sides.

"You're way too gentle with Yunyun…"

She said, as she watched my slow, gentle thrusts with Yunyun.

"Because she's still pure."

"And I'm not?"

Yunyun smiled up at me and held my hands.

"It's fine, Kazuma-san… You can be as rough with me as you want."

"Yunyun!"

How could I resist that?!

I pressed myself in those big, lovely breasts of hers as I went faster, enjoying her tight pussy while she moaned with each thrust.

"I love you, Kazuma-san!"

Yunyun said, as we both came together.

Then, just so this insecure tsundere won't feel left out, I went to Megumin next again and had her go on top of me, as I nuzzled her neck.

"Geez.. You don't need to be so tender just because I complained…"

She blushed, while I chuckled into her skin.

"Oh, come on, just show Yunyun how much you've fallen for me… It'll be a bonding moment for two best friends."

"You always go too far… Ah, but I do love you."

"Urk!"

Seeing Megumin's sincere face took me off guard.

"...As expected of Kazuma who has 1000 Atk but 0 defense…"

She smirked, turning things around. She leaned in as she was gently bouncing on my lap and whispered,

"But that's what I love about you, Kazuma. No, that's what we all love about you."

This girl…!

That's why I don't go overboard with teasing Megumin, because she will take all your teasing and turn it back to you.

"That's right, we all love you, Kazuma-san!"

Yunyun joined in, making Megumin and I fall on the bed as she leapt to embrace us.

"Ugh… Yunyun, your big meatbags are on my back!"

Megumin complained, as she was sandwiched between us.

I grinned as I kept moving under her.

"Hmm… This almost feels like we're double teaming Megumin, huh?"

"What are you saying?!"

"Ow! Did you bite me?! I didn't consent to that! Megumin, you need to learn restraint!"

"You're the one saying ridiculous things!"

"Biter! Megumin is a biter! Yunyun, make sure to tell everyone that Megumin bites in bed!"

"Wahh… I didn't know that about you, Megumin…"

"...If you're gonna call me a biter, then I'll bite the both of you!"

Somehow, this intimate moment became violent.

Part 3

I was cleaning myself up from my activities with Megumina and Yunyun when I suddenly received a comm feed from my earpiece.

"Sir, we urgently need you to come to our base!"

I heard Sgt. Marika's panicked voice.

I had mostly left the JSDF forces under my leadership to their own devices, but it seemed like they needed my attention this time.

I went to their assigned base within the dungeon and saw them in front of a projector screen.

On the screen I saw a video of what appeared to be a swarm of flying cabbage.

The cabbages were flying rapidly around the great wall of China. Frightened and bewildered tourists were attempting to flee the scene.

"Crap… Is this live?"

Marika-san nodded and handed me a tablet.

"Yes, and unfortunately, it seems that a famous streamer has captured the whole thing!"

I watched the stream and saw an animated fellow running away from the cabbages along with his camera crew.

"What the hell?! All these cabbages just came flying out! Chat is this real?! This gotta be AI, right?!"

The viewer count was in the 100,000s.

"...First, let's deal with the cabbages."

"R-Right… The Chinese government wants to bring its military over, but…"

Of course it would be complete chaos if they did that.

I quickly opened a dungeon door and stepped into the famous great wall.

Thankfully, the streamer was already gone and people were too busy evacuating to pay me any mind.

The cabbages were all clumped up and buzzing around like mosquitos.

I guess they were panicking after suddenly being teleported to a new environment.

Now, how would I deal with them?

I wouldn't be able to take out that many cabbages with my arrows, and intermediate magic wouldn't be enough to take them all out at once. There were probably about a hundred of them.

And I'd make the cover up a lot harder if I started using flashy magic, so Explosion was out of the picture.

I'd have to make it look natural.

"[Tornado]!"

I used the advanced wind magic, [Tornado].

It was the only spell that could be explained as a natural event, while also having the firepower to take out all the cabbages at once.

The weak cabbages were torn apart instantly by the winds.

I let the tornado safely drift away, since it would be unnatural for it to just disappear as soon as it arrived.

This was gonna be one hell of a cover up, but it was the best I could do.

I teleported back to the base.

"Good job, sir. The crisis has been averted."

Marika-san said, with a sigh.

"You say that, but how the hell is the Chinese government gonna cover it up? Not to mention that streamer filmed everything."

"That's… We don't know, sir."

What a mess.

I wasn't sure if the government would be able to think of a good enough cover up, so I quickly tried to think of something.

"[Parallel Thought Processing]."

I closed my eyes and tried to think of a solution.

I was planning to reveal the existence of the otherworld some day, but this was the wrong timing.

So how could I come up with a convincing enough lie?

And then I realized something.

I had a Cunning stat of 161.

That was way beyond the levels of what was humanly possible.

If I was the one making up the cover up, the average human would have no choice but to believe it.

So this wasn't even much of a problem at all.

…Actually, it's pretty scary to realize how much I could manipulate the world now, if I really wanted.

"OK, I figured it out. I need the Chinese government to go along with it."

"What's the plan, sir?"

"Well, I'm gonna need to impersonate the Chairman…"

"Eh?"

They all gave me blank looks of confusion.

…

…

"Y-You look exactly like him…"

Marika-san said, staring at me in shock.

Right now, I was using the [Disguise] skill to make myself look like Xi Jinping.

I straightened my tie in the mirror, then entered the 'set'.

It was just a dungeon room made to look like the chairman's office.

We received a surprisingly fast clearance to do this once we asked.

I guess the Chinese government was at a loss on how to cover all this up.

Well, I couldn't really blame them.

I read through the script, which was in romanized Mandarin. I also played the audio recording of the real Xi Jinping reading out the speech I prepared.

"Um, sir… How are you gonna speak Mandarin?"

One of the soldiers asked. I responded,

"I have a skill called [Versatile Entertainer] that will let me copy him."

I hated to admit it, but Aqua's party skills keep coming in clutch during the most niche situations.

Once I memorized the script using [Parallel Processing] for good measure, I faced the camera.

"Greetings. Please allow me to explain the incident that happened in the great wall…"

I tried to keep the explanation as simple as possible.

Some cabbage shaped drones that were used to promote a produce company were suddenly swept by the winds of an unexpected EF0 Tornado.

The drones went out of control and were suddenly swept into the tornado, which gradually drifted away.

The explanation was good enough on its own, but with my Cunning skill, I was confident the public would accept the explanation without further speculation.

After the feed was cut off, Marika-san quickly went to see what the reaction was online.

"...The public believes the statement!"

So it all worked out.

I took off the disguise and noticed the soldiers all looking at me warily.

"To think it would be that easy to impersonate a world leader…"

"We helped China, but they might view you as a threat in the future, sir…"

"They gave us permission, though."

"Only because they had no other choice. Still, this ability to disguise yourself as any world leader would undoubtedly make them fear you…"

Well, I knew that was a risk.

But this was a legitimate crisis. There was no other choice.

Hopefully China, and the other governments of the world, wouldn't get paranoid over this.

Although considering that the world's survival depends on us, I highly doubted they'd get any ideas to try and take me down.

Part 4

Your bond with the JSDF forces has deepened!

Satou Kazuma Squad (JSDF Forces), Bond Rank: 6

At Rank 6, your squad appreciates your decisive actions in safeguarding the public and keeping the secrets of the otherworld hidden from the citizens. More than ever, they view you as a reliable leader as well as the guardian of this world. It is an honor for them to serve you, even if your methods are unorthodox.

Bond Reward: Weapon skill Rank-Up!

I got another rank-up for a weapon skill.

I just decided to put it in [One-handed Sword], since it was already at Rank 6.

[One-handed Sword] Skill Rank: 7, Passive Skill

You are proficient in using swords that require one hand to wield. You gain +70% weapon accuracy with attacks using one-handed swords and +6 damage.

Another notification came up.

You deceived the entire world!

Your Cunning went up by a staggering +30 points!

"..."

30 points?!

This skill really didn't need to go up that much!

Well, I guess fooling the entire planet would earn me that many skill points…

But still, this is ridiculous!

I now have 191 Cunning…

With that high of a Cunning stat, I could probably tell an ordinary person that if they didn't let me fart on their face, the world would end, and they'd believe me.

I guess that's an exaggeration, but still.

"...Sir? You look really pale. Is something wrong?"

"Ah, no…"

I put my phone away with trembling hands as Marika-san looked at me in concern.

Well, let's not think too hard about the implications of this for now.

After that, I spent the rest of the afternoon doing some training with the squad.

With all the otherworld threats coming through, these guys would be more busy than ever.

Still, having enough firepower wasn't the only thing they needed.

They could have taken care of those flying cabbages on their own, but the problem was making sure the public didn't find out about it.

And so, I took them out to the city in their casual clothes.

"Um… What's our reason for doing this, sir?"

Marika-san asked, while she ducked her head and blushed as men were staring at her.

That was because she was wearing a dress I made that raised her Attractiveness stat.

She really was quite a looker, especially when she wasn't wearing a military uniform.

The dress further accentuated her looks.

Even the other soldiers were subtly checking her out.

Well, with how much time they spent together, there were probably a few of them who had feelings for her.

She didn't seem to be the type who'd pick up on that, though.

As for the other men, they were also wearing clothes that raised their attractiveness and were getting looks from women as well.

A bunch of well-built military personnel wearing Attractiveness raising clothes were bound to be popular.

Rather, this group looked like some kind of model team rather than a military unit.

I explained the purpose of this assignment.

"I'm going to create some golems. Your goal is to take them out without the public finding out."

"Eh?! Isn't that really risky?!"

"And we're wearing these clothes!"

I nodded and said,

"That's the point. All eyes will be on you. Also, if you screw up it'll be really bad, so make sure not to do that."

"Sir, this is a ridiculously hard training exercise!"

I smiled at Marika-san, who went pale.

"I don't care. I'm releasing the golems now."

"W-Wait…?!"

I formed some golems from the concrete and they started to run around into the alleyways.

Of course, I had no intention of actually revealing them to the public. But these guys didn't know that.

All they knew was that I was probably crazy enough to do it.

Marika-san took a deep breath then started barking orders.

"...I will distract the public. The others go and eliminate the golems."

"Roger!"

I watched curiously as Marika-san stayed behind as the other soldiers went off to deal with the golems.

"What's your plan?"

She looked at me, then grinned.

"...You're breaking up with me?!"

I paused, not expecting this from her at all.

She was usually reserved, after all.

I also didn't expect the slap coming.

Immediately, all eyes turned to us.

"Don't try to hide it from me! I saw you with that whore!"

"..."

I was stunned and unable to respond. She kept going.

"After all we've been through?! You even got me pregnant!"

Oi, oi, oi.

What kind of soap opera development is this?!

Already we were attracting an audience.

"Uwaa… She's pregnant? What a scumbag…"

"She's so pretty… This guy must be a horndog if he still felt the need to sleep with another woman…"

"Why is it always the trashy bastards that get girls like her?"

I see.

So this was Marika-san's revenge against me for making them do this, huh?

I'm not the type to back down, though.

"I only cheated on you because you gave me an STD! Why didn't you tell me that you used to be a famous pornstar in America named Sally Strokes?!"

Marika-san's face went completely red when I turned the tables on her.

And because of my newly raised Cunning stat…

"OK… I can kinda see why he cheated on her."

"...She looks so pure and innocent but… I guess you can't judge a book by its cover, huh?"

"Come to think of it, that guy is really hot…"

The public opinion was turning in my favor.

Still, I guess she accomplished her mission at the end of the day.

With everyone's attention on us, I saw that the others had dealt with the golems.

I cut off my [Golem Scrying] as I saw a soldier dispatching a golem with a silenced pistol.

When we met up back in the dungeon, Marika-san glared at me.

"Sir… Was that really necessary?"

"You started it."

"Even so…"

I patted her on the head as she pouted.

"Good job, Sally. That was a good plan."

"Don't call me Sally!"

The others were confused and the glare Marika-san gave me promised certain harm if I explained the joke to them.

For now, I spared her further embarrassment and kept it to myself.

Your Cunning went up by +1!

This stat sure doesn't take a break.

Part 5

"Wait, Satou, this was you?!"

Mitsurugi said in shock, when I told him that I was disguised as the chairman of China and made that announcement.

"It seems like something crazy happened this afternoon…"

Rin said, staring curiously at the TV.

"Oh, I thought that stream was just a prank."

Mary-chan said thoughtfully.

Of course this chronically-online girl would be watching that streamer.

It was now time to go to the dungeon and challenge that dragon.

Since Dust got what he came for, he didn't even bother showing up when it was time to go.

Well, I already expected that.

He had a lot of catching up to do with Faitfore, anyway.

"That Dust sure is unreliable…"

Rin had this to say, though. I said,

"When it comes down to it, he's a guy you can count on."

"I doubt it."

She had zero faith in Dust.

And so, we teleported to the 92nd boss floor room.

This time, the dragon didn't kick us out.

"Alright, let's get this over with. I have a show I wanna binge later."

I glanced at Mary-chan. She said,

"...What?"

"You're gonna become like that if your eyes are glued to the screen all day."

"You're way too young to be saying things like that."

I guess I was starting to sound like some grandpa by saying that.

The dragon approached us in the wide field that would be our battleground.

"Alright, I'm gonna choose my opponent now."

"Oi. We never agreed to let you choose your opponent."

"Hah?! I'm pretty sure we did! Are you trying to trick me?!"

This guy was pulling out all the stops to gain an advantage.

He looked around and didn't even look at Mitsurugi and Iris.

I guess he sensed their power level.

"...Eeek?!"

He squealed when he saw Megumin.

I guess he sensed her magic power.

His eyes settled on me.

"...You'll be my opponent."

This guy went with the one he could safely take on, huh?

Well, when it comes to a 1v1, I guess I was the opponent he'd want.

"Go beat him up, daddy!"

Aika-chan cheered.

"D-Do your best, Kazuma-san!"

Yunyun waved her hands encouragingly.

"I can heal you up when you get beat up!"

Aqua was trying her best, but that was hardly encouraging.

I faced off against the dragon.

We went over the rules once more. No killing, which meant we'd have to be careful about the power of our attacks.

Once we agreed on that, the battle started.

The dragon immediately flapped its wings and flew to the skies.

This guy had no shame whatsoever!

"Oi, that's cheating!"

"You'd forbid me from using my wings? That's like me telling you not to use your legs!"

"You have legs, too, dumbass!"

Aqua laughed at me and said,

"Hey, this guy is as much of a scumbag as you, Kazuma. Maybe it's because it has green scales?"

Is she saying those who have the color green on are immediately considered scumbags?

Still, I actually had a counter for this.

"[Tornado]!"

Using the spell that let me wipe out those flying cabbages, I surrounded the dragon with violent winds.

"Gahhhh!"

I made it fall down.

"[Bind]!"

Then I bound its wings together to make sure it couldn't fly.

Keeping up the momentum, I drew ice arrows and pelted it with ranged attacks.

"Owww!"

However, even if I had a crit build…

It didn't seem to be doing a lot of damage after the first volley.

"Papa… I feel bad so I guess I'll help you out…"

I heard Aika-chan's voice through my earpiece.

She then told me about this ability I was seeing.

[Dragon Scales]

If faced with an attack made consecutively, decrease the damage by 90% after the first instance of damage.

…What a broken ability.

That meant that I couldn't just spam the same attack.

Well, if I had to use a bunch of different attacks anyway…

I might as well make use of that skill.

I put the bow away and took out two pistols.

Then, I started firing them in a dual-wielding style.

Style Ranking: D for 'Dawwww!

I made use of the [Showmanship] skill I got from Lia to take advantage of its damage multiplier.

Even if firing with two pistols at a time is impractical, it was considered stylish enough to activate the skill.

And besides, I needed to switch up my methods of damage, so trying out a bunch of different things was necessary.

"K-Kazuma, you look so cool right now!"

Of course this chuuni Megumin liked what she was seeing.

Once [Dragon Scales] started decreasing the damage of the bullets, I put them away and drew out Chunchunmaru.

"[Quick Draw], [Sonic Strike]!"

I attacked the dragon with a lightning-fast slash.

Style Rating: C for Cuuuute!

…First it was 'Dawww and now Cute?

Well, I guess this skill was from the Idol class.

The dragon didn't just take the attacks without retaliating, though.

It opened its mouth and released a fire breath.

Thankfully, [Auto Dodge] allowed me to evade the point-blank blast.

"Oi?! We're not supposed to kill?! That would have been bad if it hit me!"

"Says you! You're hurting me a lot, you know?!"

"If you can feel pain, that means you're not dead yet! [Bind]!"

I used [Bind] to trap its mouth shut.

Then I equipped the Brutal Gator Gloves and attacked it with a combo of hooks and straights.

Style Rating: B for Beautiful!

"Keep it up, senpai!"

"Y-You should beat me up like that, Kazuma!"

Rin and Darkness were going me complete opposites of the spectrum when it came to cheers there.

However, just when I was in the groove…

"Mnnpphhh… [Overwhelm]!"

The dragon broke out of its bindings.

"[Dragon Lance]!"

"...?!"

It suddenly used the skill I just learned.

Instead of a lance, it dashed forward before I could react and hit me in the gut with a brutal punch.

I was sent flying backwards, tumbling on the ground.

As I was regaining my footing, Aika-chan fed me more information.

[Natural Weapon]

Any part of your body can become a weapon. If a skill requires a weapon, use an applicable body part instead.

So that was how it was able to use [Dragon Lance].

If it was using a priority move, my [Auto Dodge] was useless against it.

Not to mention it was already free and was now flying again.

"[Escape]!"

I started running away as it flew above and started breathing fire on me.

I guess it's obvious but…

Dragons are way too broken…!!!

Part 6

"Oi, oi, oi, why are you running away!"

Now that it had the upperhand, the dragon was cackling as it breathed fire on me.

I could use [Tornado] again, but…

I couldn't use [Drain Touch] on this floor to replenish my mana since there was an environment blocking the walls.

And I already used up a lot of mana. I only had 45 mana points left.

And if I used [Drain Touch] on Aqua or something, I bet this petty dragon would say, 'you cheated! You're disqualified!'

He totally would.

So I needed to finish this guy off in one shot.

But was there even anything in my arsenal that could do that?

Just bringing it down with [Tornado] would bring me down to 15 mp.

What did I have that could take down a dragon with 15 mp?!

I suppose I had to use something that was either low mp cost.

Or none at all.

And then I realized something.

I looked at the skill description for [Tornado] while I was running.

…Any additional objects or creatures within the tornado that hits the target will deal an additional 5 bludgeoning damage upon collision.

I could use that…!

I took out my Hyper Rhino Sword.

Then…

"[Tornado]! [Smithing]!"

While summoning a tornado, I dismantled the Hyper Rhino Sword and recreated it.

It was now a bunch of shurikens.

"What the…?! Gyaaah…?!"

The dragon screamed in pain as it was trapped in the tornado and pelted by the shurikens spinning around it.

The effect of the weapon then took effect.

Hyper Charge - When this sword is used for attacking after momentum has been gathered, deal an extra +5 damage. This bonus damage ignores armor resistances.

Now that the sword was in the form of shurikens, and they were spinning around in the tornado…

Along with the tornado's effect, even with [Dragon Scales], the amount of accumulative damage was hard to ignore.

"This isn't enough…! [Regenerate]! Eh…?!"

This busted dragon even had a healing ability…

Thankfully, my [Anti-Heal] skill took effect.

As an added bonus, since it was a passive skill, it didn't take any mana.

When you attack a target, they cannot heal for the next 3 seconds after that attack, whether it's by a regeneration effect or holy magic. This effect does not stack, but you can attack again after the 3 seconds are over to reset the effect.

Since it was constantly assaulted by shurikens, the effect kept reactivating after the 3 seconds were up.

Still, it would take too long to chip its health down with [Dragon Scales].

It could endure until the tornado disappeared.

So before it did, I took out my other weapons.

With the Spear of Thunder and Chunchunmaru in hand, I transformed them into shurikens and tossed them into the tornado.

Of course, tossing items into an active tornado is a bad idea.

But…

"[Control Spell]!"

By expending 5 more mp, I was able to control the tornado just enough to let the new items slip in.

"Gahhh! What's wrong with you…?!"

The sharp blades of Chunchunmaru and combined with the knockback effect of the spear of thunder caused even more devastation.

And since there were now different attacks pelting it, [Dragon Scales] was now worthless.

By the time the 1 minute was up, the dragon fell to the ground, its scales covered in shurikens.

It was still trying to get up.

This guy sure is durable.

I didn't wanna risk killing him with a crit, so I didn't use arrows.

So instead, I created a cudgel with ice magic.

"[Charge]!"

I used the knight skill to charge forward and give him a big bonk to the head.

"Ughh…"

That managed to knock him out.

"...Is he dead?"

Chris said, as the others came up to look at the dragon.

"No, he's fine. Just taking a nap."

"He's not moving, Kazuma-kun."

Just in case, we had Aqua heal him up.

"...Ugh, you sure are merciless…"

The dragon said, when it finally woke up.

It sniffed the air and looked at us.

"Are you having a barbeque?!"

It said, when it saw us roasting meat over a fire.

"We got bored waiting for you to wake up."

I said, while passing Iris a skewer.

It then saw what we were barbequing, a big, reptilian tail.

In a panic, it looked behind it to see its tail was still intact.

Did this dragon think we cut it off and ate it?

We just hunted some random lizard monster.

Although Megumin was giving him some concerning looks while he was passed out.

I guess it's best not to mention that.

"Funfun… You were strong, for a human. Very well, I guess I can let you pass."

"We were gonna do that anyway."

"...I thought you waited for me to wake up to give you permission?"

"Actually, we wanted some treasure from you."

"Hah?!"

"You're a dragon, so you must have treasure, right?"

It even had that magic mirror from Lizardia.

"Well, I guess I can share them with you…"

Aqua went to the dragon with a scowl and said,

"Oi, you do realize we could have just taken your treasure while you were asleep?! We know where you live! Now give the boss man what he wants or we'll chop your tail off and barbeque it!"

"Eeeek?! Alright, you can have it!"

She started talking like a yakuza for whatever reason.

Maybe she was influenced by some drama.

Like mother, like daughter… Both Mary-chan and Aqua were glued to the screen.

The dragon then reluctantly led us to its treasure.

"Ohhh! Look at all this gold! Let's dive in!"

I watched as Aqua dove into the pool of gold.

Just like with the beholder's lair, she was able to swim in it.

"Tsk…"

The dragon let out an annoyed sound watching outsiders swim in his treasure.

I would put my portion into Norse's reserves again.

"Oh, there's some high-grade manatite crystals here!"

Mitsurugi said, holding them up to inspect.

"Give me."

Before anyone could do anything, Megumin stashed them away in her inventory.

Well, I guess out of everyone, she was in the most need of them.

There were also some spell books.

"Crimson Laser…? Does anyone want this?"

I said, while looking at the book with [Lore Reading].

"I only need explosion magic."

The expected reply from Megumin.

"Um, I'm fine with my current arsenal, so…"

Yunyun said, while Rin also shook her head.

…Do I even need this?

I felt like my crit archery could already do more damage than an advanced spell that provided no other use other than damage.

Still, I kept the book just in case.

The other books were much more interesting, though.

There was one for the spell Crystal Prison, as well as Silent.

I kept those as well.

Part 7

Since I was the only one who did any fighting, we decided to continue onto the 93rd floor.

This time, I made sure to stick to a more supportive role since I already did a lot of fighting.

The others were bound to get angry if I took more EXP from them, so I made sure not to get any killing blows from the monsters we encountered.

Megumin was also banned from attacking, due to her completely wiping out the King Cabbage army.

Still, when there were monsters with tricky abilities, I made sure to help when I could.

"Gyaa?! What are these things! Hot!"

Aqua ran away as some creatures that blended in with the material of the dungeon wall. It was hard to spot them at first, and I didn't detect them right away, so they must have some kind of powerful stealth skill.

They looked like floating pieces of meteorite with cavities all around it. It then released steam from those cavities, and based on Aqua's reaction, it was incredibly hot.

"[Heal]! Don't let that steam touch you! It shaved off 50 HP in one hit!"

"...It's that deadly?! You could have reacted a bit more!"

She yelled 'hot!' as if she entered the bath without letting the water cool.

"[Light Arrows]!"

When Rin tried to attack them with magic, the meteorites disassembled themselves to avoid it.

I saw that the inside of the meteorite was the steam itself, but I also saw a flash of a glowing crystal, which looked like the manatite that Megumin just received. Was that its power source? A creature like this didn't seem like a living thing, but rather a magical construct.

"[Steal]!"

The manatite appeared in my hands.

Just like I suspected, the exterior fell apart.

But the steam exploded all at once.

"Ahhh…!!!"

Everyone ended up taking a significant amount of damage from the steam explosion.

"...! It dares attack me with an explosion?!"

Rather than focusing on the pain of the attack, Megumin seemed more offended by that.

Aqua and I immediately set out to heal everyone.

"...So I guess stealing the manatite isn't the best way to go…"

Chris said, as I healed her burns.

"I guess I should have trapped it first before stealing the manatite."

Mitsurugi rubbed his head apologetically as Aqua healed him.

"Sorry… Thai is my first time encountering that monster, and I've never heard anything about them."

That was because these parts were rarely explored by the app-users.

A lot of the rare creatures were never seen before, or those that did encounter them didn't live to tell the tale.

This kind of monster seemed like it could kill even the most powerful app-users who didn't understand what they were dealing with.

"...Let's be extra careful moving forward."

I said, to which everyone nodded.

…

…

Thankfully, the rest of the monsters we encountered were relatively straightforward.

They were either monsters we encountered before or slightly stronger versions of them.

But since we knew what they were capable of in terms of gimmicks, we were able to easily handle them.

And the traps we came across were easily dismantled by Chris and I.

We soon reached the door to the raid boss room.

Thankfully, Mitsurugi did have information on this raid boss.

"...It's an elemental titan called an 'Aether Titan'."

We encountered an absorption titan before, but not an elemental titan.

Elemental Titans, as the name suggested, were huge monsters that embodied a particular element.

Such as Fire, Wind, Earth, Ice, Water, or Lightning.

"Wait, what's Aether?"

I asked, to which Mitsurugi just gave a sheepish smile.

"Well… No one has really figured it out."

So it was an unknown element?

From the rare few who did challenge this raid boss, they said that they had to fight what seemed like a giant invisible hand.

Or at least, that was all they could tell after their party members were squashed by a giant handprint. They soon ran for their lives after that.

So there wasn't much information to go off.

I looked to Aqua, who chuckled.

"Do you really want to know?"

"Spit it out already."

She was relishing the fact that she knew something we didn't.

"You see, Aether is actually one of the elements! It's very rare and is not commonly studied in magic. As for what Aether is, the closest thing mortals can compare it to is what you know as 'gravity'."

Wait, was this the same Aether that early philosophers used to explain invisible forces like gravity and electromagnetism?!

…I guess since the magic system revolved around the ancient idea that compounds and chemical reactions like fire and water were 'elements', I suppose such alchemical ideas would also include Aether…

Or rather, perhaps the ancients were actually on the right track.

"...Are there any other elements we should be aware about?"

"There is also 'Quintessence'... I guess you could call it dark energy."

What's with all these insane lore drops?!

"So this thing we're fighting is essentially a giant hand-thing made out of gravity? How are we even gonna beat it?"

I said, already thinking about just cutting our losses and giving up on the rest of the floors.

Mitsurugi went on to say,

"I did hear reports that the hand itself can be damaged, and there is one party that managed to beat it with a bunch of OP artifacts."

…That was the main strategy of those cheaters, anyway.

But we didn't have a bunch of OP artifacts.

Although…

I looked at Mary-chan.

We did have someone here with a dagger that could deal some serious damage to this thing.

I suppose all hope wasn't lost.

"...How would it feel to use explosion magic on gravity itself… I can't wait…"

Meanwhile, Megumin still only had one thing in mind.

"Ah, whatever, let's just see what happens…"

Since we did have a win condition, all hope wasn't lost.

We did have three artifact users in Mitsurugi, Mary-chan and Rin.

And Iris herself was pretty OP.

Not to mention two goddesses…

Yeah, maybe I was worrying too much.

And so, we opened the dungeon door.
Last edited: Mar 18, 2026
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Immortan_Joe, Lenskio, Enverion and 84 others
BoringBone
Mar 18, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 76: A Punishment For This War Criminal! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Mar 28, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,753
Chapter 76: A Punishment For This War Criminal!

Part 1

The environment for this floor wasn't too dissimilar from the dragon's floor.

There were green fields as far as the eye could see and a stretch of mountains in the horizon.

The difference was that there were stone pillars scattered here and there.

"...What are those things?"

I said, pointing to the structures that kind of looked like Stonehenge. Mitsurugi said,

"I'm not sure… The app-users never mentioned them."

So they were likely new additions.

Most app-users just skip the raid bosses, even going so far as to hire parties to set up teleportation points for them to advance.

That was because it was more efficient to grind on the normal floors of the 90th level than face the raid bosses.

And by more efficient, I mean that it will lead to a higher chance of survival.

So even though there were app-users technically grinding on these levels, most of them have never even seen this floor.

"Well, let's inspect these structures for now."

I said, leading the way.

Since the Aether Titan hadn't shown up yet, the best move here was to investigate.

However, when we got close to the structures…

"Eeee!"

A bunch of strange creatures pretty much blinked into existence in front of the structures.

They were like big starfishes that somehow walked on two of its arms, like they were legs.

"...What are these things?"

I asked, as I watched the creatures not making any hostile actions against us yet. My [Monster Talk] wasn't at a high enough level for me to communicate with them, so I just heard them yelling 'eeee!' over and over as they waved their arms about.

I looked at Aika-chan, who pouted.

"Papa… I've already broken the rules a lot to give you information during the dragon fight…"

"Are we still on about that? We're the hero party anyway! Do you want us to beat the Demon King or not?!"

"And how are you gonna beat the Demon King if I keep giving you tips! Ahh… Fine! These are Void Stars. They are native to this floor. They have the ability to turn invisible and ambush their foes while hidden…"

She looked at the Void Stars curiously.

"It's strange… Void Stars are only meant to attack, not communicate. This behavior is unusual."

Yunyun stepped forward and then started speaking to the Void Stars.

Unlike me, she invested in the [Monster Talk] skill, a product of her days as a loner.

I watched her speak to the Void Stars. After a few moments, she said,

"...It seems that these Void Stars made these monuments to serve their god, the Aether Titan."

"Their god?"

I turned to Aika-chan again, who shrugged.

"The Void Stars aren't known to have any such religions… After consulting the Dungeon A.I., it seems that this is indeed a fairly recent development."

It was just like the lizardmen forming an advanced society. The dungeon ecosystem was developing in ways that even the A.I. couldn't predict.

"...Considering how we're going to fight their 'god', won't we be in trouble if these Void Stars come to attack us as well?"

I said, knowing that they won't take kindly to us beating up their god.

Rin had a concerned look and said,

"Well, they went so far as to warn us not to touch their structures… If they meant harm, they would have attacked us without warning us."

I suppose she was right.

Any normal monster would have just attacked without asking questions.

These monsters were developing their own religion and even attempting to peacefully communicate with outsiders.

These were clear signs of a developing society.

What was the right thing to do in this scenario?

"Hmm… I suppose I should consult the crystal ball."

"Papa… You're relying on that thing too much! Especially since it's magic that relies on devil powers!"

"Who cares about that?"

"Hah?"

I mean, our powers were either tied to some eldritch-mystery of an A.I. or some unknown gods.

Things like 'this power comes from a devil!' didn't really mean much to me.

I remembered how messing with the Kobolds led to the evolution of the Kobold Hero.

That was why I didn't want to risk things with creatures that were even more powerful than kobolds.

And so I set a teleport point and then went back to my dungeon.

"Oh, great crystal ball…!"

…What now?

It was annoyed by all my constant questions.

"I'm here to abuse your oh-so broken mechanic…"

That's all you're good at.

I ignored its rude comments.

Once I asked the question, it said,

…The best course of action is to just wipe them out.

"Oi, are you really suggesting to commit genocide?"

Yes, I am.

This thing wasn't even trying to sugarcoat it.

"...Doesn't that seem too drastic?"

They are powerful creatures that can use true invisibility… This means that if they continue to evolve, they could even bypass the dungeon's detection system.

"Hah?! Why is the dungeon even transporting creatures like those in?!"

That's because the chances of these creatures evolving are very low. But would you take that chance? If these creatures get out into the real world, there would be no way to stop them.

…If these things really had such a way to escape detection, then the crystal ball was right.

But could I really wipe out an entire emerging society based on such a slim risk?

When I teleported back to the others, I told them what I learned from the crystal ball.

"I don't really know what to do, so let's just put it to a vote…"

Mitsurugi nodded his head then sighed.

"Even if there's a risk… I don't feel right about eliminating an entire species…"

"Bomb them all."

Megumin suddenly said this.

This was like the good and evil routes in an RPG.

Mary-chan chimed in and said,

"We can't beat the Aether Titan if those things attack us, anyway. The only option is to eradicate them."

Megumin nodded at her.

"See? She gets it."

Doesn't Megumin realize that a monster was agreeing with her?

Well, this is my daughter, so I should trust her more…

In the end, I just had them cast their votes.

Those in favor of killing them were Megumin, Mary-chan, Iris and Chris.

The rest voted nay, which included me, Mitsurugi, Yunyun, Aqua, Rin and Aika-chan.

…I was a bit surprised with Iris's answer, although I guess after what happened to her country, she wasn't willing to take chances…

And well, Chris disapproved of most of Aqua's decisions, anyway.

As for why Aqua and Aika-chan were interested in keeping them alive…

"There's no way my A.I. imouto has the wrong judgement!"

"That's right! I built this dungeon so I trust it!"

They had a clear bias here.

In the end, I voted in favor for the non-genocide route.

I didn't want to develop the method of 'the ends justify the means'.

After all, I didn't want some other species deciding that humans were too dangerous to exist.

Viewing it from that perspective, I couldn't do it to these Void Stars.

Since we agreed not to judge each other for our choices, and to agree with the majority, we didn't discuss the results further.

Instead, we talked about how to fight the Aether Titan without worrying about the Void Stars.

Part 2

"[Taunt]!"

"[Focus Fire]!"

Darkness and Aqua led the Void Stars away from their stone pillars.

Then…

"Eeee?!"

They fell into a pit trap I set up.

Of course, there were some comfy cushions underneath that made sure they didn't receive even a tick of damage.

It took a while to get them all lured into these traps.

Once this was done, we focused on finding the Aether Titan.

"...It can't be that hard to find a big hand made out of gravity, right?"

Aqua said, not realizing how ridiculous she sounded.

But surely enough, after walking for a while…

"Look out…!"

Once [Enemy Detection] activated, I warned the others.

As we jumped away, a handprint suddenly appeared on the ground, and there was a huge tremor.

"It's attacking us!"

"Wait, this thing is practically invisible!"

Aqua said, as we started running away.

We felt one tremor after another as the hand kept trying to pummel us down into paste.

"Do you not understand what gravity is or what?!"

I said, shuddering as the last attack was actually close to hitting.

"How are we even gonna fight that thing! We can't see it!"

"...Obviously it's time to blow it up in one shot!"

This Megumin really had a one-track mind.

"Wait, I have an idea!"

I said, as I waited for the hand to make contact with the ground once more.

Once it did…

"[Tailor]!"

I used my skill that makes clothing.

"Hah?! Why are you using that skill, Kazuma?! Have you given up?! You might have a death wish, but I don't!"

Aqua's screeching was making it hard to focus.

Once I was done, we all saw the results.

There was now a glove around the hand, the material of which was made out of the grass in the fields.

"...! We can see it now! Good thinking, senpai!"

Rin eagerly praised me.

The hand tried to take the glove off, but since it was just one hand…

"Pfft! It's trying to take it off by grinding itself on the ground! Bwahaha!"

Aqua laughed as we saw the glove's futile efforts.

Well… I had to admit it was pretty funny.

"[Bind]!" x2.

Chris and I tied it up now that we could see it.

But…

It immediately broke free from its constraints.

I guess it wouldn't be that easy.

The glove was made to perfectly fit its form, but the ropes could be broken through with brute force.

"[Light Arrows]!"

"[Rune of Saber]!"

"[Exterion]!"

Our heavy hitters took the chance to fire off some attacks at it.

Then Mary-chan extended a vine out.

"[Triple Attack]."

Using 'Grave Binder', she made some precise strikes.

The hand staggered a bit, but it seemed to have a lot of HP.

It then flew up to avoid the attacks.

…I guess this thing would have an unlimited range.

And of course, it was fast.

"Whoa!"

It suddenly dove towards us and created a giant crater on the ground.

It was like a meteorite.

"[Bottomless Swamp]!"

Yunyun suddenly activated a spell.

"Ohh…! Good job, Yunyun!"

I said as I watched the momentum of the hand take it down all the way to the bottom of the swamp.

Unlike me who only had the spell to Rank 1, Yunyun actually invested points into it.

So the swamp now goes incredibly deep and its ability to contain creatures within it was much greater.

"It's slowly making its way out…"

Yunyun said, as she struggled to hold the spell.

I guess this thing couldn't be contained forever.

"...Everyone ready your strongest attacks for when it gets out… Except you, Megumin."

"Tch."

She could complain all she wanted, but her explosion was too overkill.

Besides, she had that 'explosion ray' now, so she'd have to settle for that.

And so, we all prepared.

When the hand came out…

It was blasted by all of our combined attacks.

As for me, I just shot a bunch of ice arrows at it, fully taking advantage of my crit build.

Meanwhile, Aqua spent her time buffing everyone.

She sure improved in terms of tactics.

Before she'd try to get the last blow in while yelling 'God blowww!'.

Or worse, she'd use [Sacred Create Water] and make everyone drown.

But now she was properly doing her role as a support.

That's right, we shouldn't be so greedy.

"Aika-chan, Mary-chan! Make sure to get the killing blows, so I get the EXP!"

"Oi, Kazuma?! What's wrong with you?!"

"You selfish bastard!"

In the end, Yunyun ended up getting the killing blow.

…

…

The other top damage dealers ended up being Iris, Mitsurugi and Megumin.

I guess that explosion ray ended up doing a lot of burst damage.

As the mist hit them individually and then the lesser mist went to the rest of us, we had conflicting emotions.

"...Knowing that this is the 'fragrance' of Onion Ducks is…"

Mitsurugi said, with a look of discomfort.

"What's the problem with that?"

Of course, Megumin didn't care.

She'd probably inhale this stuff through an oxygen mask if she had a choice.

Using [Treasure Detection], Chris and I found the loot room.

We came down and saw a room with the usual treasures.

But there was also a rather conspicuous spell tome on a podium.

Rin examined it with [Lore Reading].

"...! It seems that this spell book contains an Aether spell!"

A unique field of magic…

Obviously, this was a great treasure.

But in terms of our spellcasters…

"I already have my hands full with spirit magic…"

Rin said as she examined the book.

And for Megumin…

"I only care about explosion magic."

There wasn't even any need to ask.

The only one left was Yunyun and me.

"Since Yunyun was the MVP of this fight, I think you should take it."

"Really, Kazuma-san?"

It would benefit her more since she had an actual mage build.

There was no need for me to have such a powerful and unique spell, only to leave it at Rank 1 forever.

Whereas she could actually invest her skill points into it.

"Then I'll gladly accept."

And so, Yunyun took the book.

Part 3

We moved on after freeing the Void Stars, then escaping before they could take revenge on us for killing their 'god'.

That fight was easier than I expected.

No one was harmed, and aside from expending mana, which I just refilled as we moved onto the next floor, we didn't use up a lot of resources.

I guess after the Beholder fight, we were a lot more prepared to take on these dangerous bosses.

I suppose that was the dungeon's intent.

Although, I guess we did get lucky with that dragon. If not for Faitfore, we would have had to fight a more dangerous version of it.

We actually decided to keep moving, since we weren't too tired, in terms of mental energy. The fact that we were advancing quickly was good for morale.

We explored the 94th floor.

Although morale was high, we were quickly getting bogged down by the sheer amount of monsters on this floor.

There were a lot of traps as well. Chris and I were on constant high alert.

"Wahhh! Help me?!"

Aqua screamed as a portion of the wall started moving and chasing after her.

It was an animated wall.

"[Light of Saber]!"

Yunyun's attack was absorbed by it.

This was stronger than the usual construct…!

Spikes suddenly appeared on the wall and were launched at us.

My [Auto Dodge] allowed me to safely dodge them, but the spikes suddenly turned direction.

"[Escape]!"

No matter where I ran, the spikes were still following me.

"[Decoy]! Ohhh~!"

Darkness let out a degenerate moan as she was pelted by all the spikes that were following us.

The frontliners used that chance to attack, but just like it was magic resistant, the wall was incredibly durable, too.

Of course it was.

And when I tried using [Steal] on it, nothing happened.

Yunyun said to me, as the frontliners were keeping the wall busy,

"Kazuma-san, if the power source of a construct isn't within the object, it might be somewhere nearby…"

So it was like an external battery rather than an internal one.

But I still needed to know the general direction of the item to steal it…

"Limit its movements for now."

"Roger! [Bottomless Swamp]!"

The wall started to sink in the swamp, but it just launched more spikes.

"[Cursed Crystal Prison]!"

Yunyun tried freezing it, but the wall soon broke out of the prison due to its high magic resistance.

It was also eventually able to crawl out of the swamp.

I refilled Yunyun's mana after she used two advanced spells in a row.

I could just keep using [Drain Touch] to restore everyone's mana and stamina, but morale was quickly slipping.

"[Inspire]!"

I used the knight skill to boost everyone's morale.

"[Nature's Beauty]!"

Aqua just had to chime in with that skill.

Still, my [Inspire] skill was only at Rank 1. It wasn't a permanent solution.

This is the bad thing about being a generalist…

But I've already come to terms with the weaknesses of my build. There was no need to sulk about it.

"[Create Trap]!"

I tried to trap the wall within another wall, but it just busted out.

Well, it was worth a try.

We could also try to look for the power source.

But since [Treasure Detection] wasn't even activating yet, that meant that it was further than a 30-foot radius away from us.

No, Yunyun said that it should be nearby.

So it wasn't a manatite crystal powering it, but something else.

That pretty much made it impossible to find with my detection skills, then.

"Let's just keep beating it up."

Mary-chan said, as she extended her vine.

"[Triple Attack]."

Since her dagger ignored physical resistances, it was able to slash the wall.

However, it still had a lot of HP.

Aika-chan joined in.

"[Aika-chan's Amazing Triple Attack]!"

The wall retaliated by sending more spikes, but Darkness used [Taunt] again. Meanwhile, Aqua healed Darkness.

"..."

I watched as this cycle repeated itself.

It was taking a long time to chip away the wall's health.

I took my bow out and started firing arrows.

I was used to coming up with strategies, but I guess this method works as well.

Or rather, this was the main method of those app-users, just going through the dungeon using brute force.

It took a while, but the wall was eventually defeated.

Mary-chan ended up getting the killing blow, since she ignored the Wall's defenses and dealt the most damage.

So I ended up getting the EXP.

"All that effort and Kazuma gets the killing blow, huh?"

Megumin said, giving me a blank stare.

"Just be glad we finally defeated that thing."

We kept going.

…

…

As I was defeating another wall, I leveled up.

We took that chance to take a break.

"There sure are a lot of monsters here…"

Chris said with a sigh.

The monsters weren't broken in terms of power, but they were difficult enough.

Not to mention the sheer quantity of them.

Also… There were a lot of these walls.

"I'm sick and tired of these walls!"

Aqua said, making us all nod.

They were straight-forward enough to fight, but one slip-up could be lethal.

"I guess the goal of this floor is to slowly diminish our will to keep going."

Mitsurugi surmised, and it made sense.

This was the true grind.

While we were taking a break, I looked to distribute my 9 skill points.

I put 6 in [Ignore Pain] to max it all out.

[Ignore Pain] Skill Rank: 20, Active Skill (10 mp)

Delays the calculation of damage for up to 40 HP, but you will receive the full brunt of any unmitigated or untreated damage after 20 seconds.

As for the rest of the skill points, I put them in [Analytic Eye].

[Analytic Eye] Skill Rank: 4, Passive Skill

You are proficient in discerning illusions. Add +4 to 'Intuition' skill checks against illusions.

In terms of other defensive skills I could level up, there was [Medium Armor] and other resistance spells like [Ice Resistance] and [Heat Resistance].

There were already skill points invested in the first two, though, so I should focus on leveling up [Heat Resistance] as well.

After the break, we kept going on this floor.

But when we finally reached the raid boss door…

"I'm beat…"

Aqua said, which everyone else nodded to.

"I can keep going!"

Darkness was still up to go, however.

This freak of nature…

"I'm also willing to keep going, papa!"

Since Aika-chan had a golem body, she didn't care about exhaustion.

Well, she was an A.I., in the first place.

"Not me. I wanna catch a stream."

Mary-chan was the complete opposite.

We made good progress already, so we decided to just head back.

Part 4

When we got back, Mary-chan immediately plopped down on the couch and took her tablet out. Aqua sat beside her and turned on the TV.

"That dungeon run sure was a pain, wasn't it, Mary-chan."

"Yeah. Those walls were annoying as hell."

"Now, now, you shouldn't say words like hell. You know that hell is full of filthy devils…"

"Oh, right. Sorry."

They were having this conversation without once taking their eyes off their screens.

As for me, I headed to Norse.

I deposited the treasure I got into the bank.

"Thank you for your contributions, boya. I will make sure you are properly rewarded."

Regina-sama said, as she appeared behind me.

Serena was behind her, keeping her head bowed.

When she noticed me looking at her, she flinched.

"By the way, boya, I think it's about time that you give Seresdina her punishment."

This made Serena flinch even more.

"Well… If you insist…"

I said, with an evil grin.

And so, we moved to Regina-sama's quarters.

I was surprised when Regina-sama started to disrobe.

"I will of course be joining you."

…This goddess sure was freaky, huh?

She even did that foot thing before.

Serena sighed as she started to disrobe as well.

Since she had a lot more to take off, both of us were staring at her, which made her squirm.

"Hoh? You weren't hesitating like that when you were raping me…"

"R-R… Please don't say it like that!"

She finally spoke when I reminded her of my days as her puppet.

"That's what you did, wasn't it?! Come on, I want to hear you say it! Rape! Rape! Rape!"

Regina-sama nodded and said,

"Remember the laws of Norse, Seresdina… An Eye for an Eye…"

Serena bit her lip and muttered,

"I-I raped you…"

"Louder!"

"I raped you!"

"And you enjoyed raping my big, manly cock, didn't you?!"

"...I wouldn't go so far as to say that."

Her face suddenly went blank.

"E-Eh? No, I'm pretty sure that you liked it…"

"I did but… I was also just doing it to keep you under control… So it was purely professional."

"Oh… I thought we had something special…"

"Ah, no, it's not you… It's me…"

Why did it seem like we were breaking up?

In any case…

I put on an evil grin once more as I went over to her.

She only had her underwear on, which was a surprisingly bold red.

I reached back and took off her bra myself, enjoying watching those big breasts spill out.

Then I tugged her panties down and let them drop around her ankles.

I played with one of her breasts while my other hand slowly went down between her legs. She wasn't wet yet, but a gentle rubbing motion on her lips soon changed that. I slid the tip of my middle finger in once she was getting aroused.

She awkwardly looked away, probably not expecting to get turned on in this scenario.

Regina-sama chuckled as she went behind me. I felt her flat chest on my back as she reached around and started feeling my abs.

"Make sure to enjoy my follower thoroughly, boya. She's all yours, in heart, mind and body…"

"Thank you for the gift you've given your humble knight, Regina-sama…"

I moaned as her small hand went to my cock. One stroke and I was already at full mast.

"Of course, I'm also yours, boya… I owe everything to you, after all…"

Her small hand slowly jerked me off, circling movements up and down my shaft.

"I want you to fuck us both… Make us cum our brains out."

This loli goddess really is way too erotic!

And so I found myself sandwiched between them, the loli at my back whispering dirty things as she stroked my cock, while I fingered her follower.

I somehow found myself matching the speed of Regina's hand. Whenever she increased her pace, I started fingering Serena faster.

In this way…

"Hnnnghh!" x2.

We both ended up cumming at the same time.

She drenched my hand in her juices while I splattered cum all over her toned stomach. Regina-sama's hand was also sticky with my cum.

Regina-sama chuckled as she licked her finger once.

"Now, let's get the real show started."

I had Serena bend over on the bed, sticking her ass out for me.

Regina sat beside her, watching.

I took my cock into Serena's already slick pussy and pushed it in.

Serena moaned at the connection.

…For all her talk, she sure was enjoying this.

I started thrusting. Even though this was supposed to be a punishment, I actually went pretty gentle.

Or rather, I couldn't help but actually want to have sex with Serena since she was so sexy…

She felt amazing, too.

I clutched her perfect ass as I dug myself in. Then my hands drifted up to that slim waist, creating a perfect hourglass figure, as I went deeper inside her.

"Ohh…!"

She let out her voice the deeper I went.

"My follower seems to be enjoying it. Aren't you happy, Seresdina? To receive your master's cock…"

"Y-Yes, Regina-sama…"

"You'll serve your master forever, so get used to the shape of his cock."

Regina then took care of the 'punishment' part as she wound her hand back and suddenly spanked Serena's ass.

Serena tightened around me as she let out a cry of surprise.

"Make use of your new toy, boya."

…This loli sure is sadistic.

She was apparently something else in her prime, so this wasn't even the whole picture.

Not to mention that she started touching herself as soon as she started demeaning her follower.

If she isn't careful, she'd revert back to a dark goddess.

Well, this Serena who started moaning more and tightening around me as her goddess abused her also seemed to have some issues.

And I did as well for also getting turned on by this.

Soon, both Serena and I were going to reach our second orgasm.

Regina-sama was urging us along the whole time.

"Cum, boya! Impregnate this follower of mine!"

At Regina-sama's command…

"Hnnngh!"

I gave Serena a deep creampie as she ended up shaking and moaning.

Part 5

"It's my turn, boya…"

Regina grinned as she practically pounced me.

For a little girl, she sure is dominant…

Still, that gap between her appearance and personality got me rock hard again.

"Hoh… You sure are getting hard for this immature body of mine…"

She grinned, as she covered me in her juices by letting them drip down my cock.

Then she grabbed it by the base and lowered herself on it.

"Ahh… You're too big for this body… I love the feeling of getting stretched to my limit…"

She wasn't lying. Her face showed complete ecstasy.

I saw the bulge nearing her stomach as my cock expanded her tight core.

Then without needing me to move, she started bouncing on it.

"Mnn… Ahn! Having cock whenever I want after all these years…!"

It seems she was still backed up after decades of abstinence.

To satisfy her craving, I held her tiny waist and started matching her movements.

"I'll give you as much as you want, Regina-sama…!"

Serena watched from the side as her goddess was holding me for dear life, moaning and screaming.

Soon, I was cumming inside Regina-sama as well.

We then spent the next hour switching positions as I attended to them both.

"M-Must we really do this face to face…"

Serena blushed as we did it missionary style, with my face up close to hers.

"Don't mind me."

"How can I not when you're staring at me as we have sex?! Ahnn!"

She stopped complaining once I gave her a deep, hard thrust.

Then, with Regina-sama…

"We're back to this again, huh…?"

Even though she claimed to be pranking me last time…

She was on her back, her feet up as they gripped my cock. She then made me thrust into them.

"Well, I got curious from last time… Come on, boya, you seem to be enjoying it well enough."

She said, as I held her feet together and thrusted in and out of her feet gripping me.

"Hora, hora…! I wanna see you cum all over this small body!"

Having her provoke me like this…

"Hnnngh!"

I eventually sprayed my load all over her body, even her face, just like she wanted.

She grinned as the last spurts hit her chin.

"You're such a good little boya…"

This goddess is too much…!

I got hard again.

…

…

Regina-sama let out a pleased sigh as she laid beside Serena, who was still panting from all the sex I put her through.

Meanwhile, I was sitting on the edge of the bed, checking my phone.

Your 'Cunning' went up by +2!

Having sex with Regina-sama caused my already high cunning to go up even more…

You established a bond with Seresdina!

Seresdina (Dark Priest), Bond Rank: 1

From enemies to lovers… Well, maybe not. Seresdina, a.k.a. Serena, doesn't know what to make of you yet. She is forced to serve you as punishment for her war crimes, but she strangely doesn't hate it all that much. This is mostly due to her undying loyalty to her goddess, and she would do anything Regina asks of her. However, she is also grateful that you have served her master well. Continuing to treat Regina well will increase your bond with her.

Your bond with Regina has increased!

Regina (Fallen Goddess), Bond Rank: 5

The difference in culture still causes some confusion, but it seems you've gotten used to it. Regina is clearly a dominant force, especially in bed, but you still see her tender side from time to time. She has offered her follower to you not only to make amends in her own way, but also because she wants her knight and follower to get along. You are a Knight of Norse, its defender and benefactor, but she has also started to see you as someone she could trust, and maybe hold deep affections for.

Bond Reward: +10 Cunning

More cunning?!

With that, the cunning stat was now at 204.

"You've been staring at that device for a long time, boya. Norse sex practices also include cuddling after the fact, you know?"

She said, while wrapping her arms around me.

Before I could hide the screen, she said,

"Oh? That is the bond system, right?"

…Since this was based on Norse technology, I suppose she'd know all about it.

"Let me see."

"...It's considered rude for app-users to ask to see each other's bond descriptions."

"I'm not an app-user, though."

I guess I couldn't argue with a goddess who once had the aspect of puppetry…

I reluctantly handed her the phone.

"Hmm… Deep affections, huh?"

She was the one who you'd expect to be embarrassed, but she was totally calm about it, even smiling.

Meanwhile, I was the one who ended up blushing.

"It's true. This old hag has not felt such emotions for a long time. Well, let's not get worked up over it. Whatever happens will happen."

…As expected of an ancient goddess.

She was mature about everything.

She then continued to scroll through my bonds.

"Ah, you were only supposed to read yours!"

"It would benefit you to hear the sound counsel of your elders."

…I guess I was curious about what she had to say about my relationships.

After a few minutes, she said,

"As someone who had a much larger harem than yours, I have some advice."

"...How large are we talking?"

"Hmm… About 31."

Was she Negima?!

"Boya, you are the same as me, so I know all about it… You are the type who won't stop at a set number, no matter how many times you say, 'this will be the last one'."

I was about to protest, until I looked at the two naked women before me.

"...I-I guess that's true."

I hung my head in shame.

Regina-sama tilted my head up.

"And that goes to my advice… Stop feeling shame about it."

When I blinked in confusion, she said,

"Those who are your lovers have already agreed to the conditions… You will only be disrespecting their resolve if you keep flip-flopping back to your monogamous ideals."

"Well, I know that, but… Isn't it too much to keep going at this rate?"

She grinned and struck a confident pose.

"This is the life you've chosen! Do not hesitate! Hesitation is the mark of a weak man, and a weak man would never have this many lovers!"

"What a queenly speech…"

"That was an excellent speech, Regina-sama."

Serena said, while bowing.

I watched as Regina-sama patted Serena on the head while letting out a regal laugh.

I decided to take her advice to heart.

I was already way past my original ideals, anyway.

Even so… I'm happy this way and everyone is happy in this arrangement.

Doubting myself will just cause more problems than it's worth.

Part 6

Next, I visited Wolbach in her room.

"Ah… Right there…"

Wolbach was laying on a massage table while Anna massaged her.

"Is the pressure to your liking, ma'am?"

"Yeah, it's good…"

This prisoner sure was living the life.

When Anna saw me, she held out her hand.

"That will be 500 Reginas please."

Why did I have to pay for this?

"Is this your new job?"

I asked, as I took out the currency of Norse and placed the coins into Anna's hand. She smiled as she pocketed it.

"Yup! I get to hear a bunch of juicy gossip and admire the form of beautiful women… It's the perfect job!"

This little girl said such a creepy thing.

"Motives aside, I'm glad you found work."

"Yeah, the KazuMall stuff is just a pain."

She was insulting it right in front of its owner. This girl sure was shameless…

Speaking of shameless…

I saw Wolbach lazily reaching over to grab some chocolate from a bowl in front of her.

Sloth really was one of her aspects…

Her eyes widened when she saw me, though.

I raised my hand.

"Yo."

"...I-I guess it's time for 'that', huh?"

"Exactly. I just got done with your fellow rapist Serena, so it's your turn."

"F-Fellow…! Look, I deeply regret what I did before…"

"We've been over this. If all it took was an apology to solve everything, there wouldn't be the need for laws. Now, I'd tell you to strip, but it seems you don't need to."

She was only wearing a towel as she laid on the massage table.

Not to mention she was also oiled up.

"She's all warmed up for you, boss."

Anna said, as she also grabbed some chocolates and sat on a chair.

"...Wait, are you gonna stay?"

"Don't mind me."

She said, putting one leg over the other.

She really was an exhibitionist.

Well, I didn't really mind her watching.

Besides, it seemed that Wolbach got even more embarrassed that Anna was watching us.

I quickly removed my clothes by storing them in the inventory.

Anna clapped her hands.

"Ohh… That's a neat trick. You'd make a great flasher."

What the hell was she saying?

I went over to the massage table and unravelled Wolbach's towel from behind. Since she was already lying prone, all I had to do was mount her. I started groping that ass of hers, shiny with oil.

"A-Are you really going to do this everyday?"

She said, letting out little noises as I kept kneading her ass, going down to her thighs, then running my thumb across her slit.

"I get to raise my magic power just by having sex with you. You're lucky I don't just make my clones breed you all day without a break."

"Ah, I'm fine with our current arrangement…!"

She changed her tune quickly.

She even parted her thighs invitingly.

"Good girl…"

I said, making her groan.

"I'm a grown woman and you're calling me a good girl… Hnngh!"

I suddenly shoved my cock inside her.

"That's the appeal, don't you get it?"

My hands roamed her body glistening with oil as I started prone boning her.

"Ahh… Hahhh…"

Anna was chewing chocolates as she watched from her seat.

"Hoh. She's making quite the alluring expression."

"D-Don't watch me… Ahh…!"

I held one of Wolbach's horns and pulled her head up.

"You like seeing this dark goddess's face as she's experiencing bliss? Here it is."

"You sure are sadistic, onanii-san."

There goes that awful nickname again.

Still, that didn't stop me from losing myself in goddess pussy once more.

Going from Regina-sama to Wolbach sure was a treat.

And I can certainly enjoy Chris and Aqua later, too.

Regina-sama is right, I shouldn't have any doubts about my lifestyle…!

I started thrusting faster, planting her face down on the table this time, pinning her body.

"You feel so good, Wolbach… I can't get enough of your body!"

"Ahh… Mnnn…!"

"Here comes the load. Are you ready?"

Without giving her a chance to respond, I plunged as deep as I could.

"Nnghhhk!"

Then I painted her insides white.

Your magic power was raised by +2!

You have developed a bond with Wolbach!

Wolbach (Bath Lover), Bond Rank: 1

She is your captive, but oddly enough, she doesn't resent you. She knows what she did to you was wrong, even if she was just fulfilling her role as the Demon King general. The fact that you're treating her relatively well despite being a captive actually makes her feel more guilty. Continuing to give her a life of comfort will deepen your bond with Wolbach.

…Despite her status as a dark goddess, she was designated as a bath lover.

I pulled out from her, giving her a break. Cum spilled out as soon as I pulled out.

"Good work."

Anna said cheerfully, as she handed me a towel.

As I was cleaning myself up, she wagged her brows.

"So… Wanna do it with me next?"

"...Listen, I've begun to accept my status as a harem master, but do you really think I'd just do it with any random loli, just because I did it with Regina-sama? Besides, you're too much of a perv… You don't really turn me on."

"H-How dare you?! Oi, come back here with that cock of yours! At least let me suck on it a little!"

"Y-You're so creepy! I'm out of here!"

I ran away from Anna as she started chasing me.

Part 7

As for the rest of the night, I went to visit Rorisa at the succubus shop.

On the way there, I saw some new citizens that I had made golem bodies for only a few days ago.

"Are you guys acclimating well?"

I greeted them.

"Yeah, this place is awesome!"

"I especially love the succubus shop…"

"I'm gonna request that Lich tonight!"

I was about to excuse myself, but then I stopped.

Did he say Lich?
"...Which Lich are you talking about?"

I turned to the citizen, who was a man in his forties, or at least, that was what his golem body appeared like.

"Hm? Oh, before I came here, a Lich offered me to join her army by turning me into an undead… I was tempted to since I wanted to stare at her huge ass all day, but I don't really wanna fight. Ah, I can't wait to request her tonight."

"Hold on, tell me where this Lich is."

It didn't even occur to me that one of these ghosts had encountered Wiz!

And from the looks of things, she was amassing an undead army.

That wasn't good…

"I was hanging out in Osaka. That's my birthplace. Did you know that Osaka is famous for…"

"Let's stay on topic here."

From asking the ghost, I learned that he encountered Wiz while he was visiting his own grave during Obon, to see his family.

…Obon happened only last week, that meant there was a good chance Wiz was still there!

I considered ordering an emergency meeting of the citizens of Norse, to ask if anyone else had information on Wiz.

But then I thought about it. There might be some ghosts here who were spies of Wiz.

In fact, this citizen I was speaking to could also be giving me false information.

Still, it was a lead.

After telling the citizen to keep this between us, which I had to secure with a bribe, I continued making my way to the succubus shop while deep in thought.

Dust was also there as expected.

But I didn't expect him to actually bring along Faitfore with him to the succubus shop.

"...Should I report you to the authorities?"

I said, as I watched Faitfore eating a cake that Rorisa gave her.

Apparently that cake was donated to the shop by that famous pastry chef.

Since Rorisa was his muse, he had been supplying treats to the succubus shop.

"I'm keeping an eye on her, aren't I?"

"Hardly."

I said, as Dust was letting out obscene giggles while ogling the receptionist succubus.

I looked at Faitfore and said,

"If this guy neglects you too much, be sure to tell Uncle Kazuma."

"...I will do as master wishes me to, even if it is unpleasant."

"Has he done anything unpleasant to you? Please show me where on this doll."

I created a Faitfore doll with [Smithing].

"He patted me on the head here…"

"Which 'head' are you referring to?"

"Oi, knock it off."

Dust said, finally taking his lecherous gaze away to glare at me instead.

"Really, Dust, are you going to spend your nights just bumming around here?"

"Bumming around… You come here every night as well! At least I'm a paying customer! You only come here to see Rorisa!"

He got me there.

"Still, you need some kind of work."

"Changing the subject, huh?"

I thought about it and said,

"Say, I got you a bunch of intel jobs before, but you never actually gave me much to work with…"

"Hah? I was tailing that Dullahan for you!"

"Yeah, and like I said, you never actually got me any information, did you?"

He glanced away.

"So, why don't I give you another job? This time, I want you to tail a Lich."

"...Going from a Dullahan to a Lich… Do you want me to die?"

"It's not like you'll die. Wiz is pretty harmless if you don't attack her. Well…"

"Oi. That 'Well…' doesn't sound so certain!"

Now that Wiz was taking her work seriously as a Demon King general, I wasn't sure if she'd actually remain her non-violent self.

"In any case, you have your dragon now, so it's not like you're helpless."

"...I guess so. But still, a Lich is a Lich!"

"I'm telling you that you don't actually need to fight her."

"Hmm… Well, I guess I am a bit bored. Fine, then."

This was gonna be a huge help.

Of course, someone better suited to the task was probably Chris.

But I needed Chris to get stronger.

As for Dust, he was plenty strong enough and had a different leveling system than us, anyway.

He also had the most experience.

Not to mention he had a dragon with him.

I then told Dust the information I just got about Wiz.

And then I had another thought.

"I should probably send Cecily with you."

He'll need someone who could actually see ghosts.

And I knew for sure that Cecily was loyal to Aqua. She wouldn't betray us, especially to help the Demon King army.

And if Aqua gave her strict instructions, she wouldn't do anything crazy.

Like attacking Wiz on sight.

Once we finished discussing things, he said,

"Alright, I got it. It should be easy to look for her if she's still recruiting undead from graveyards."

If Dust managed to find her, then all we needed to do was get strong enough to finally confront her.

It's been a long time coming but…

It's time to bring Wiz back.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Immortan_Joe, Lenskio, Enverion and 80 others
BoringBone
Mar 28, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 77: A Festival Outing For This Group! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Apr 17, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,762
Chapter 77: A Festival Outing For This Group!

Part 1

Since it was the last week of summer vacation, with only a couple days left, we decided to go to a fireworks festival.

That said, I was also getting invitations from everyone, including Terada-senpai from the naginata club, Lia, Ame and even Kuruko, a.k.a. Dark+Angel. So I just ended up inviting them as well.

I kinda felt bad that I was sending Dust out on a mission to look for Wiz while everyone else was having fun… Well, it's not like he got along with most of the people going.

Did he even get along with anyone else other than me and Faitfore?

M-Maybe I should have held off on sending him off…

While we were arranging plans, Mitsurugi sighed,

"If only Cremea and Fio didn't have to go back… You're also sending Cecily-san out, so I don't even have a date!"

"Sorry about that…"

Yet another one I accidentally screwed over with my plans.

As for Cremea and Fio, the tourists that fell in love with Mitsurugi, they were only on a trip, so they had to eventually come back.

"You didn't tell them about the app?"

If they knew about it, he could just go to them anytime using the dungeon doors.

"No… It doesn't seem they have the potential. I can't even form a bond with them. I'm going to them every weekend using the dungeon doors, though."

"...They don't even question that?"

Wouldn't it be strange to have a foreign guy fly over to your country every weekend to see you?

"Well, I'm rich anyway, so it's not like I have to come up with an excuse."

"So you're fine with them knowing you're rich, but you don't want them to know about the app…"

"What's with all these questions?!"

I suppose I was getting nosy.

I left Mitsurugi alone and went to the living room. Aside from Aqua and Aika-chan at their usual posts on the couch, along with Mary watching a stream on her tablet, Yunyun and Megumin were playing chess at the gaming table while chatting.

"Megumin, let's invite our f-friends from school as well!"

Megumin nodded as she used the knight in a way that it shouldn't be used.

"That's true. Alright, I'll call them since Yunyun is too awkward to invite people to hang out."

"I'm not awkward! …And Megumin, why are you using your Knight like a Rook…"

"Didn't I just say that my Knight was upgraded to the Crusader class? So it can move like a Rook now."

"I see… Wait, that makes no sense! Well, you left a pawn hanging, so… I'll just advance my queen and…"

"You dare advance your queen into my territory?! Very well, then my Arch-Wizard will use [Bottomless Swamp] to halt the advance of your queen!"

"Megumin, stop making up all these stupid rules! You're a higher rating than me online, anyway!"

"...Is Megumin actually good at chess?"

I asked, as I went over to watch them play.

I expected Megumin to brag like she always did, but she just shrugged.

"I'm 2000 elo online."

"Wait, that's amazing, isn't it?"

"I guess? Wait, Yunyun, how are you still moving your queen after I cast [Bottomless Swamp] on her?!"

"...My Queen was enchanted by, um, my Arch-Priest, so it can… Resist your magic…?"

"Well played, Yunyun…"

Yunyun looked at me and whispered,

"She'd win if she played normally, but she uses these weird rules…"

What's with that?

It almost seemed like Megumin was leveling out the playing field…

Hm, was that what this was about?
"I see… So this tsundere Megumin just wants to give Yunyun a fighting chance…"

"How did you come to that gross conclusion, Kazuma? That's defamation… I'll sue!"

I did see Megumin playing these weird rules before, when she played chess with Darkness and Aqua.

This Megumin…

She's way too sweet sometimes, huh?

Aqua let out an annoyed sigh.

"Can you quiet down? I'm trying to watch something here."

I was about to apologize, but then I saw she was just watching commercials.

"How addicted are you to the TV that you're actually watching the commercials?!"

"...?! What if my favorite actor or idol appears in a CM?! Obviously I'd wanna see it! I already put up with Megumin and Yunyun over there flirting, now I gotta deal with Kazuma's whiny voice, too?!"

"W-We're not flirting!"

"Aqua-san, please take that back!"

Those two were quick to defend themselves.

…Although, the trope of couples going easy on each other in games came to mind.

So maybe Aqua wasn't far off.

I went down to whisper to Megumin and Yunyun.

"...You know, with our arrangement… You two don't have to hide it from me if you're 'experimenting' with each other…"

I mean, with all the threesomes we had… Perhaps they decided to try it out between themselves.

Going the full yuri route.

"...My Arch-Wizard casts explosion."

Megumin took the chessboard and flung it at me.

Megumin stormed off in a huff, while Yunyun bent down to pick up the pieces.

"You shouldn't have teased her so much, Kazuma-san…"

I picked up the pieces with Yunyun and offered to play with her, but it seemed that she had enough chess for now.

She then left to go to her room, while I sat by the gaming table. I watched Aqua and Aika-chan avidly watching the commercials.

"Look, mama! That actor from that one drama you like is in this CM!"

"Ohhh! I wish they would have paired him with his costar rather than some random girl…"

"They're just using an audience surrogate to entice his fans to buy the products."

"I see! There sure are some gullible consumers out there!"

Says the one avidly watching these commercials. I said,

"I don't understand how you can actually watch these commercials seriously… I just look at my phone while an ad is on."

Mary-chan nodded and said,

"That's what I do. I watch a YouTube short in another tab while an ad plays during a stream."

"Nevermind, that was bad advice."

I should save my family from their terrible fate as screen addicts…

"Papa, stop being such a nag and go away! The show is about to start!"

"Shoo, shoo."

I left in a depressed manner as my daughters chased me out.

Part 2

"[Light of Saber]!"

I was in my magic practice room again.

I had been steadily practicing [Light of Saber].

Taking Yunyun's advice, I imagined forming my mana into a sharp beam of light.

It's hard to explain, but using magic almost feels like using a muscle that you've never used before.

And since I had a disaffinity with light magic, it felt like using a muscle that had atrophied.

But this time…

"I did it!"

I exclaimed as I was able to cut a wooden dummy in half.

All that practice finally paid off.

[Light of Saber] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (30 mp)

Unleash a blade of light. The blade shoots out in a 30-foot line and is 5-feet wide. It can be directed into one slashing motion with your hand. Those hit by the blade receive 30 light damage plus your Magic Power modifier (+10).

I finally learned this damn spell…

Fortunately, I didn't have any further debuffs to light magic aside from learning it at an extremely slow pace.

Even with [Arcane Learning], it took so long…

There was another light spell I was trying to learn.

Since I finally learned [Light of Saber], I tried to see if this one would work.

"[Light of Refraction]!"

I looked at my hands and saw that it wasn't fully effective.

My form was semi-transparent, but I wasn't fully invisible.

"...I guess it still doesn't work."

I had experience gathering mana to use an attack spell before, but I couldn't even begin to understand how to refract light to make myself invisible to the naked eye.

Understanding magnetism is one thing, but this is too advanced for me.

I decided to leave it at that for now, since I did manage to learn [Light of Saber].

Next, there were the new spell tomes I got.

I summoned the Clonezumas.

"Oi, read these."

I said, tossing them the books.

They sighed as they took the books.

"...You had us reading those difficult as hell tomes for light magic… And now you have more advanced magic tomes for us to read?"

"You sure are a tyrant, boss…"

They started complaining.

"'Tis the life of a clone. By the way… What happened to that woman?"

I said, asking about the OL I had to keep safe in the dungeon during the Moneyball fight.

They put on some lewd grins.

"Yuriko is still with us…"

"That's her name huh… Wait, she's still there?"

Since there was so much DP now with the golem traps turned off, I didn't even notice if resources were being used.

But still… I had a whole freeloader in my dungeon for this long without even knowing about it.

"She'll need to leave eventually. You do realize this, right?"

"She already knows about the dungeon, so what's the point in kicking her out, boss?"

"Yeah, besides, she's so eager in bed…"

I didn't need to hear about my clones' love lives.

Rather… This Yuriko lady sure was taking advantage of the situation!
"If you're gonna do that much, at least move her to Norse."

"Eh… But we already have a love nest going…"

"Ah, whatever."

I was done arguing with them.

Besides, they were doing me a favor reading all those complicated tomes, anyway, might as well have their fun.

"While you're here, I want you to help me with something."

"...More work?"

"Maybe we should form a union or something."

I interrupted them before they could get any crazy ideas.

"I want to unlock the [Protection Against Arrows] skill from the Lancer class, but it seems that I can't unlock the skill unless the attack is lethal."

"...Why is the requirement so difficult? Other skills aren't as hard to learn…"

"Well, it's a very powerful ability."

I didn't want to risk going to the dungeon and facing a lethal attack.

So I relied on the clones.

I created a crossbow for them.

Since their golem bodies didn't have good stats, they couldn't use my shortbow.

Crossbows were easier to use, they should be able to make use of them.

Well, it wouldn't be lethal if I was wearing armor. If I did, they wouldn't be able to hurt me, which means I can't learn the skill.

"Hold on a sec."

I said, having second thoughts.

"...What now?"

They said, clearly wanting to get this over with.

"Well… Getting shot with a crossbow takes some serious guts…"

"Just man up and take it."

"Easy for you to say…"

I grit my teeth as I activated [Ignore Pain].

Then…

The clone shot the crossbow.

"Gackk…!"

I quickly healed myself before [Ignore Pain] could wear off.

Even though it was called [Ignore Pain], it didn't actually dull the pain at all.

Still, the damage mitigation saved me.

Your 'Bravery' increased by +5!

…I guess taking on an attack like that would increase my bravery.

You learned the skill [Protection Against Arrows]!

[Protection Against Arrows] Skill Rank: 1, Active skill (30 mp)

For one minute, you are resistant to all projectile attacks launched from a bow, sling or crossbow. Such attacks only deal half damage to you.

The app-user I faced was practically immune to arrow attacks, though…

Well, he probably put levels into it.

Ahh… Another instance of me suffering from only having a skill at Rank 1…

There were so many skills I wanted to level up.

"..."

Should I just consider resetting my levels?

There was that method I was thinking about.

In Lizardia's prison, there were runes that drained one's levels. This ensured that powerful criminals were punished without giving them a chance to escape.

Of course, along with levels, stats were also reset.

Then again, stats could also be raised through the use of class features.

For example, Arch-Wizard could raise magic power using Skill Points.

…Which was what Megumin was doing to absurd amounts.

Well, I couldn't fault her, since I also did that to increase my luck stat to obscene levels using the Gambler class.

The only reason why I didn't reset my stats this way, was because I worked way too hard to raise my stats.

Not to mention the stats I received as a crystallization of my bonds with people.

These weren't just power-ups, they had become a core part of my soul and my memories with my friends and family.

The potential I got from Iris, the strength I got from Mitsurugi…

Even the faith I got from Aqua.

Just thinking about how disappointed I was at the faith upgrades already made me laugh.

These were precious memories indeed.

…But those memories didn't matter if I died.

It was likely that the gods wouldn't let me resurrect again.

Of course, I didn't have any regrets about that. It took all we had to defeat the Winter Shogun.

So I had to face the consequences.

Still, the fight with Wiz was drawing ever closer.

And according to Wolbach, Wiz didn't even hesitate to use [Level Drain] on herself.

…Not to mention she's been constantly doing that.

And here's another problem.

Like Dust, Wiz operated on a different system than us.

She used the Adventurer Cards from the otherworld.

That meant that even if she didn't have the Hero class, she didn't have a cap on her level like we did.

"..."

I decided to talk about it with the others after the festival.

There was no sense in bringing the mood down.

And I wasn't ready to do this at the moment, anyway.

…For some reason, this felt like I was about to undergo a life-altering procedure…

Well, technically, it was like that.

Part 3

My next task was to upgrade my gear.

Of course, I encountered lots of powerful weapons and armor in the dungeon, as well as materials that could be used with [Smithing].

But honestly, I didn't really need to upgrade most of my weapons, and I was fine with my armor.

My composite plate armor was the perfect balance between giving me enough protection, while not gutting my stealth abilities completely.

Sure, I could have replaced it with stronger armor from the dungeon, but I had a stealth, crit-archer build. It wouldn't do for me to use Heavy Armor too often.

And Chunchunmaru was a unique custom weapon that was already customized to deal as much damage as possible.

As for my bows, my wyvern bow had the special ability to pierce through wind resistance that I couldn't afford to replace.

And the longbow of the bark people gave me extra damage when fired from a long distance.

So even if they were technically a lower rarity than other weapons I've seen, their special properties made it hard to replace them.

The same could be said about the Spear of Thunder. It didn't provide any damage bonuses, but its knockback properties were good for Crowd Control. Adding adamantite or combining it with other gear will just lose this useful property.

So, I guess the only thing left to upgrade were my Brutal Alligator gloves.

As for what I wanted to upgrade it with…

I took out my storage box and brought out the dragon scales I took from that dragon.

That's right. While we were taking treasure from the dragon's lair, I also took the liberty of stealing some scales that it shed.

Well, is it really stealing when I just took something that he didn't have any use for? Rather, I helped him clean his lair by taking the scales.

"[Smithing]!"

With the dragon scales, I created a new item.

Green Dragon Gloves and Greaves (Legendary)

Made from green dragon scales that you stole. When equipped, you gain the [Natural Weapon] ability. If a skill requires the use of a weapon, apply it to any part of your body instead.

Durability: 60/60

Weapon Accuracy: Dexterity modifier + [Unarmed Combat] = 140% chance of hitting

Weapon Damage: 5 bludgeoning damage + Strength modifier (+12) + Bonus (+0) = 18 damage

Sells for: 20,000,000 Yen

Even if it didn't provide a crazy amount of damage, that ability alone was legendary worthy, especially since there wasn't really a way for a human to unlock such an ability.

Satisfied with the new gear, I put it away in my inventory.

Your 'Creativity' went up by +5!

Creating a legendary weapon from the dragon scales boosted my creativity by a lot…

Aside from that, I didn't really know how to boost my other stats naturally.

I also stopped getting stats from having the clones eat monster food. They were simply too high now.

I guess this was even more reason to do a reset.

…

…

"Ah, Zell, close your eyes…!"

When I came back to the living room, Aqua was still watching TV.

This time, she also had Zell on her lap.

She covered his eyes as a KFC commercial came on.

"Hoh…? I thought this child was supposed to be a dragon… Is there a reason why that commercial would upset him?"

I didn't miss this chance to challenge Aqua's stupid insistence that this chicken was a dragon.

Aqua didn't expect me to be there and looked like she was in a panic thinking of what to say.

"...For some reason, dragons take on a chick's appearance when they are infants… Zell might be confused as to why those that look like him are being treated as food by humans…"

"What a creative lie. Your 'Cunning' and 'Creativity' must have went up by 10 points with that one!"

"Don't compare me to you, Kazuma! Aika-chan tells me that your Cunning stat is starting to reach the realm of the divine now! Aren't you ashamed of that?!"

Aika-chan glanced away as Aqua said this.

"Oi… We made a lot of promises about maintaining privacy, didn't we?"

"...How can I refuse a request from mama?"

She made no efforts to hide her true loyalties.

"Sniff… Mary-chan, the whole family is turning on me!"

I embraced Mary-chan, who just leaned her head away as I rubbed my cheek against hers.

Of course, she was still watching a stream on her tablet.

"...You can do whatever you want to me, as long as I can keep watching my stream."

I felt like she said something that could be interpreted badly there.

Still, I placed Mary-chan on my lap as I watched TV with my family.

I already finished my tasks, so I was using this as break time.

Even so…

"How can you do this all day?"

I said, already getting bored from the show they were watching.

"Hah? Kazuma who spent all that time as a NEET is saying that?"

"Tsk… When I was a NEET, I was playing games that are still considered masterpieces, same with the anime, manga and light novels I enjoyed."

"You sure were busy doing a whole bunch of nothing, papa."

"..."

Aika-chan was quick to shoot me down.

"But these shows are actual garbage! I can already predict where the plot will go, the characters are stale and the pacing is so bad! It's just slop!"

I turned to Mary-chan.

"And you… The streamers you adore make me feel like I'm losing brain cells when I watch them. How can you enjoy this?!"

"OK, Kazuma, we let you go on your self-righteous, pretentious ass rant, so can we go back to watching now?"

"Yeah, papa. No one cares."

"..."

I ended up keeping my mouth shut and let them watch in peace.

Part 4

The bonding time with my family just equated to us sitting on the couch the entire afternoon.

Well, I guess most families were like this.

"Sniff… I miss the days when Aika-chan loved going to places like Disneyland and Vegas…"

"We can still go to those places, papa, but I really wanted to watch that drama!"

"Stop being overbearing, Kazuma."

Is this what being a dad feels like?
At the very least, Mary-chan didn't mind at all even as I held her the entire time.

She was probably just focused on her stream, though.

After they finished their drama, they started to prepare for the festival.

Since I had the [Tailor] skill, it was an easy task to prepare yukatas for everyone.

"Ohh, it's my first time wearing a yukata!"

Megumin said, as she admired the red yukata I made for her.

"My mother made one for me when I was a kid. It was made out of a rice bag."

I couldn't even picture what that would have looked like.

Also, hearing these episodes from Megumin's childhood was depressing. I asked,

"Your family is coming as well, right?"

We invited our families as well, since a bunch of people were already going.

I also pulled some strings and had Sena reserve us a VIP spot to watch the fireworks.

"Yeah. You know, I'm surprised my dad hasn't caught on to all the supernatural stuff going on in his workplace…"

Since Hyoizaburo-san worked as an inventor for the military, he probably saw a lot of weird things.

Like how I went to the base to ask for helicopter parts before.

"He's the best for this kind of work, because he will turn a blind eye to anything as long as he gets paid."

The fact they were paying him a massive salary meant that the government could be doing NERV levels of crazy stuff, and he still wouldn't say anything about it.

He was the opposite of a whistleblower… A whistleswallower perhaps?
"How's your family doing these days, Kazuma?"

"Hmm… Actually, I've been thinking about their potential as app-users…"

"...Seriously?"

I've been thinking about it for a while now.

I had Lia and Rin turn into app-users for their safety, so I should probably do the same for my family.

After all, they had a bond with me, even if it wasn't individual.

So they had the barest minimum requirement to become app-users.

Not only that, but they will get the blessings of the hero class as well.

In the upcoming war, I wanted them to be safe, but…

"...I just can't imagine my parents becoming app-users."

"It's kind of embarrassing, isn't it?"

Imagining my dad wearing plate armor and my mom wearing a female thief outfit…

I shuddered thinking about it.

And as for Kazuto…

"I don't think my little brother can be trusted, to tell the truth."

"What do you mean by that?"

Early on, Kazuto gave me what was essentially pick-up artist lessons.

For a while, he was my most consistent source of Charisma bonuses.

Let's just say that the things he was telling me were absolutely horrid.

"You see, nii-san… Girls are only attracted to guys they can't get. When you show the slightest bit of interest in them, they immediately get turned off. Also, they're superficial creatures that only care about looks, but they also have this obsession about always having the moral high ground. So if they find a guy physically unattractive, they'll say socially-acceptable buzzwords like 'he's a red flag' or 'he gives me the ick' instead of just outright saying they find him ugly."

I don't even know where he learned those things from.

"If he becomes an app-user, he'll become an absolute menace."
"He can't be worse than you."
She was quick to say that.

The others looked at their yukatas and were buzzing with excitement.

"Thanks, senpai! This color looks great!"

Rin said, as she picked up the yukata I made for her.

"I always wanted to go to a festival with my boyfriend… Promise me we'll have at least a few minutes to walk around the place together, OK?"

"Of course."

I didn't hesitate to agree.

Although I should probably set up some kind of schedule with everyone.

"I've always been curious about festivals as well."

Chris said, smiling as she held up her Yukata.

"One of your many fantasies from spying on humans in heaven, huh?"

"...Kazuma-kun, why do you always have some kind of weird twist for everything I say…?"

While maintaining eye contact with Chris, I placed my arm around Yunyun's waist and pulled her in. She let out a surprised squeak.

"Chris, you're like a perverted version of Yunyun."

"W-What does that mean?!"

"...You were both outcasts who longed to interact with others, but whereas Yunyun at least existed in our realm, you were watching like some kind of voyeuristic pervert from a separate dimension…"

"T-That isn't…!"

"Furthermore, you even went down from heaven and started walking around wearing the most revealing outfit possible… Seriously, was there really a need to wear a crop top that is essentially just a bra, and the tightest little booty shorts possible?"

She sputtered for a response. I kept going.

"Yunyun wore revealing outfits as well! But she did it out of a desire for a human connection, and I'm pretty sure she was tricked into doing it! As for you… 'It helps with my mobility in the dungeon, teehee~!' Who the hell believes that?! There's a bunch of skills that reduce such penalties when wearing armor! So, why aren't you wearing any armor?! I know for a fact that the Thief class has a [Light Armor] skill, so where is it? Ahhh… What a freak! If any man made a move on you back then, you would have absolutely folded, wouldn't you?!"

"Why would you even say that?! You think I'd put out for any man?!"

As soon as she said it, she blushed upon remembering a little incident.

"That's right. Even back then, I could sense the degenerate in you. Need I remind you that during our raid at that hotel, you jerked me off and even stuck your little tongue out when I came! You lapped it all up unprompted, didn't you? You were probably dying to have that kind of scenario forced on you, huh!"

Everyone was basically listening now, which made Chris blush even harder.

Darkness stepped in front of Chris to defend her.

"Kazuma, I will have to ask you to stop exposing Chris like this."
"E-Expose…?! Darkness, you have to tell them that he's lying!"

"There's a reason I became friends with Chris and started worshipping Eris-sama…"
"...!!!"

Chris went silent, then started crying.

"Wahhh! Kazuma-kun, you're so mean!"

She ran off to her room.

Megumin stared at me, then said,

"Are you sure your brother is the problem?"

Ah.

I might have gotten carried away.

Part 5

Thankfully, Chris's bad mood didn't stop her deciding to come along with us to the festival.

"Hoh…"

I admired everyone in their yukatas.

"This is an interesting outfit."

Iris said, as she lifted her sleeves to inspect it.

"You look great, Iris. Are you sure you don't want to hang out with any of your friends from school?"

"I did receive some invites, but I want to spend time with onii-sama and everyone."

I smiled while patting her head.

"Oh, but Kazuto-kun is coming, right? Perhaps I'll hang out with him."

"...Hell no."

I immediately put a stop to that.

Thankfully, it seemed that Kazuto wasn't trying to pursue Iris as hard as he was before.

Knowing him, he probably moved on to some other girl after Iris didn't show any immediate interest in him.

Or he was just playing the hard-to-get approach.

"Listen, nii-san. Girls like the thrill of the chase…"

He often said things like that as well.

Not to mention that he was still in that wannabe nonchalant phase from before.

In fact, it got even worse.

Coming along with us to the festival was Sena. She was also wearing a yukata that accentuated her natural beauty.

Although her yukata looked a bit closer to a kimono than the lighter, casual ones the others were wearing.

"Pfft… Sena, you look like you're going to a marriage interview…"

Aqua said, which made Sena glare at her.

"...You never want to say the words 'marriage interview' to a woman of my age."

"S-Sorry…"

Sena's glare was so cold and intense that it made Aqua stop teasing her right away.

Mitsurugi scratched the side of his head.

"You know, Sena-san, you always talk like you're a middle aged woman, but aren't you still in your early twenties?"

"...!!! T-Thank you so much, Mitsurugi-kun!"

"Ah, you're ruining your makeup! I just applied that!"

Rin said, sighing as she took out some tissues and eyeliner as black streaks started to form under Sena's eyes.

"Kazuma, Kazuma. You forgot to make a yukata for Zell as well."

Aqua said something ridiculous like that to me.

"...Why in the world would I do that?"

"Are you kidding me?! This is his first festival, and you're not even dressing him up?! What kind of father are you?!"

"I thought we made it clear Mitsurugi was the adoptive father…"
"You deadbeat!"

"And your so-called dragon is gonna be dead meat if you bring it to a festival! Some yakitori stall owner is gonna butcher him!"

"Why? It's not like ordinary humans have a taste for dragon meat…"

"Enough with your delusions! Listen, I want to destress tonight, so cut the crap and leave that callus gallus domesticus here at home!"

"Oh! That sounds like a cool title for a dragon emperor!"

"Let me see your app."

I held my hand out.

"...Why?"

"I wanna see if you somehow reset your stats behind my back and took out points in Intelligence to put in your useless party tricks again!"

"Y-You're irredeemable, Kazuma! Not only are you insulting our child, you're hurling abuse at me, too?! Why do I put up with you?!"

"Sniff… Mama and papa are fighting…"

Aika-chan said, while Mary-chan placed a hand on her shoulder.

"Let's go outside, Aika."

Seeing our two children getting sad, I decided to stop the argument.

"Let's stop this, Aqua… I'll make a yukata for Zell if you want."

"That's all I ask for."

I then used the [Tailor] skill on Zell.

"...Is this some kind of sick joke?!"

Aqua yelled, once she saw that I made a yukata out of a leftover KFC wrapper.

"What? It's called being resourceful with waste…"

"...[Sacred Exorcism]!"

"So bright…! What was that for?!"

"You're so evil you must be a devil!"

Yunyun suddenly came between us.

"P-Please stop fighting… We're supposed to enjoy this festival, right?"
We started to calm down once Yunyun stepped in.

"Well, I guess that's true."

"Yeah… I'll make a real yukata this time…"

"...It always amazes me how fast they can switch from fighting to making up…"

Darkness remarked as I made a proper Yukata for Zell.

"This is all just some weird foreplay for them. They'll have some intense makeup sex later."

Megumin had a ridiculous reply.

I couldn't say she was wrong, though.

Once we were all set to go, I opened a dungeon door to the VIP spot Sena reserved.

Since it was a private space, there was no one around to see us step out of the door.

"I call first dibs on papa!"

Aika-chan said, excitedly latching onto my arm.

"...I know I said I'd reserve some time for everyone, but let's just walk around as a group for now."

"Ehh… I guess I'll wait…"

"Don't worry, Aika-chan. You can have my time slot on top of yours."

Chris said with a cold tone.

"Really! …But I don't want to receive a favor from The Eris…"

"...Why are you calling me that, like I'm some kind of plague?"

I told Aika-chan to be nice to Chris, but it seems that it wasn't easy to change her mind so easily.

And Chris was still mad at me, huh?
"Now, now, everyone will get their time, let's just check out the stalls right now. I'm hungry."

Before meeting up with the others, we walked around as a group to get some food.

Everyone was watching our group as we entered the festival.

"Whoa, look at all those good looking people…"

"Are they celebrities?"

"Kyaa! I made eye-contact with him!"

We received a lot of stares.

I winked at a group of girls who were obviously checking me out.

When Rin noticed that, she said,

"Senpai, you sure are making use of the leniency I allowed you…"

She didn't seem mad, just curious about my behavior.

"...A certain holy one gave me an entirely new perspective…"

I said, referring to Regina-sama's wise advice.

Megumin shook her head and said,

"I still don't really understand you, Rin. If I was the one in charge, Kazuma here wouldn't have such a long leash… Rather, the rest of you would be firmly stuck in the friend zone."

Rin grinned at her and said,

"Well, aren't you glad I'm open minded, my dear Megu?"

"I-I guess so."

Even Megumin was intimidated by the second-in-command, Rin.

Aqua was the true matron, but Rin was the one who seemed to be calling the shots most of the time…

Like an eminence in shadow.

That's why I always make sure that she is always happy.

"Rin-sama, if anything I do disappoints you, or there's a girl you don't approve of…"

"My dear senpai, if I didn't say no to the numerous dark goddesses or dark priests or whatever else you've been frolicking around with lately, do you think I'd have problems with anyone else?"

"...I offer my deepest thanks to your magnanimity."

"As long as you understand your place, senpai. Remember, as long as I'm having fun, everything is allowed."

"My life is in your hands! Oh, how about some cotton candy, my queen? Or perhaps a candy apple?"

Mitsurugi watched as I bowed down to Rin.

"...Rin-chan, you're kind of scary sometimes, you know?"

Rin smiled at Mitsurugi and said,

"Ah, while senpai is out playing with the others, I expect you to hang out with me and keep me entertained, Mitsurugi-senpai."

"...It's not like I'm in your little harem."

"But you're my good friend and senpai, right? You're saying you won't hang out with me?"

"...L-Let's go goldfish scooping later, Rin-chan!"

We were both whipped, just in different ways, it seems.

Part 6

We checked out the festival as a group, getting a feel for the layout so we could check it out later.

Since this was the first festival for a lot of people, including Aqua and Darkness, there were a lot of 'oohs' and 'aahs'.

Meanwhile, it was all pretty standard for me, so I wasn't as interested in the surroundings.

But I did enjoy the warmth of hanging out with everyone.

While we were walking around, we came across Megumin's family.

"Nee-chan! Look at all these candy apples I have!"

Komekko-chan showed off the candy apples that she carried between her fingers. She looked like she had claws made out of candy apples.

There were also a bunch of other goodies stuffed in her yukata pockets.

Hyoizaburo-san walked behind her, looking like a proud father. Although he seemed more proud of himself than Komekko-chan, with that gloating look on his face. Yuiyui-san had her hands around her husband's arm, and she was conspicuously showing off a Hermes hand bag that clashed greatly with her yukata. Speaking of which, her yukata looked quite expensive.

"Haha… I got my paycheck today, so I guess I splurged a little bit… Want some takoyaki, Megumin?"

He produced a tray of takoyaki out of nowhere.

"Don't mind if I do."

Megumin didn't hesitate to take it.

It was good that this family was enjoying their financial comfort, but I knew for a fact that Hyoizaburo-san's salary, while well above the median for the country, wasn't exactly enough to classify him as 'wealthy'.

So it wasn't exactly advisable for him to start blowing money beyond his means.

Well, I suppose I could always just secretly bail him out if it came down to that.

This family had been struggling for so long in squalor that I didn't even care if I was just giving them handouts.

Hyoizaburo-san smiled at me and said,

"Hey, Kazuma-kun, we just recently installed a… What do you call that, dear?"

"A jacuzzi, honey."

"Ah, that's a right, a jacoochie. You should bring your friends over to enjoy it! We also have a steam room, a game room, and a…"

Nevermind, I should put a stop to this.

"By the way, Hyoizaburo-san, I heard that the military is starting to do some layoffs to save on expenditure…."

"...!!!"

While turning pale, he slowly turned his head to Yuiyui-san.

"Honey, perhaps we should cancel that two week cruise to celebrate our second honeymoon…"

"...But dear, our first honeymoon was spent in a family restaurant, and we had to split the bill on the fries and parfait we ordered. No, actually, if I remember right, we only split the bill on the fries and you made me pay for the parfait even when you ate most of it…"

"A-Ah, perhaps we shouldn't cancel… Haha… Oi, Komekko, why are you drooling while staring at that yakisoba stall?! Haven't you already had enough to eat?!"

He suddenly took it out on Komekko-chan.

I felt bad for Komekko-chan, so I decided to treat her.

"Yay! You're the best, onii-chan!"

"Tch…"

Hyoizaburo-san let out a frustrated sound when Komekko-chan hugged me.

"Oh, there's nii-san and everyone."

I heard Kazuto's voice as my family joined us next.

"Hello, everyone! Thanks for treating Kazuma so well!"

My mom said, greeting the group with a bow. They bowed in turn.

My dad waved as well and bowed to Sena.

"Thank you for keeping an eye on our son."

"Hm? Oh, right."

Sena almost forgot that she was supposed to be my guardian for that fake gifted program.

"It's my grandparents!"

"...?!"

Aika-chan suddenly leapt out to hug my parents.

Ah, crap!

I didn't expect her to suddenly do this!

Sure, we had some discussions about keeping the whole daughter thing a secret but…

I guess she couldn't help it!

"Eh? Kazuma… What's going on?"

My mom said, looking down at Aika-chan in confusion.

"...This little girl is Aqua's relative… She really misses her grandparents, so just play along."

I didn't want to have to lie about something as important as this, but I couldn't really think of a proper explanation.

'This is my daughter!'… As if I could say something like that!

"Nice to meet you! What's your name, little one?"

"It's Aika!"

"OK, Aika-chan, why don't we check out some of these booths, hm?"

"Yeah!"

Both my mom and dad were dragged along by Aika-chan. Thankfully, they didn't seem to mind. In fact, they were immediately charmed by Aika-chan.

Your Cunning went up by +1!

It's not like I enjoy lying to my parents.

I looked down at Mary, who was watching them while licking an ice cream.

"Don't you wanna join them?"

"...Why would I?"

As expected of a Tranquility Girl… She was still quite lacking in the sentimentality department.

I took out some cash and gave it to her.

"Just join them for now. I'll have to spend some time with the others individually, anyway."

"Well, if you say so."

She gave a casual shrug, took the cash and jogged over to join my parents and Aika-chan."

"Heh. That was a good play, nii-san."

Meanwhile, Kazuto had this to say.

"...What do you mean?"

"Getting rid of the parents and those kids… You want to get those girls alone right?"

Girls, girls, girls… That's all this horndog ever thinks about!

"Kazuto… Once you get past this pubertal horniness of yours, you'll soon find that there's more to life than girls…"

"Ohhh! Look at those cuties over there!"

He wasn't even listening to me.

He pointed to a trio of attractive girls approaching. It was Lia and the Axel Hearts girls.

"Hey, Kazuma. I hope you don't mind that I brought the girls along."

They were all wearing some form of disguise, with Lia in her usual class rep look.

"Nice to meet you, beautiful ladies, I am…"

"Ah, that's great, kid."

Erika swiftly dismissed Kazuto and moved past him.

As expected of a celebrity…

She was good at cutting unwanted interactions short.

"Yo! If it isn't boyfriend-san! I hope you're treating our Lia well!"

Erika grinned while putting her arm around me.

"...I'm treating her with all the respect and admiration she deserves."

Lia chuckled at that.

"Oi, Kazuma, you're not meeting my parents here. There's no need to impress this one."

She pointed to Cielo.

"Cielo is the one you need to impress."

"...I humbly ask for your blessings, ma'am."

"A-Ah…! Lia, why are you putting me on the spot like this?!"

Cielo petulantly stomped her foot.

Part 7

"By the way, Terada-senpai also invited me to come out here, so I just invited him, but I haven't seen him yet."

I said to Lia, who sighed as she did a facepalm.

"Terada-senpai… Kazuma, don't you find it weird that Terada-senpai even invited you to the festival? Shouldn't he be going with Mio-senpai?"

"Now that you mention it."

Since those two were dating now, why did he even invite me?

"...Are those two fighting?"

"If they weren't before, they're about to."

Just as we were talking about him…

"Yo, Satou-kun and Konno-san!"

Terada-senpai approached us. I noticed that Mio-san was beside him, but they kept a respectful distance from each other.

…Were they still pretending like they weren't dating?

Well, we probably wouldn't have known if Darkness and I didn't spy on them before.

Mio-san was wearing a yukata, while Terada-senpai was wearing a simple t-shirt and jeans, as well as a satchel he carried over his chest. He had a pretty generic fashion sense.

"It's been a while."

Mio-san greeted me and Darkness, who came when she saw them, with a small wave. I said,

"How's your summer been going, Mio-san?"

"It's been pretty… productive."

We thought that they were fighting, but that look she gave Terada-senpai assured me that things were going quite well for them.

Lia excused herself from the Axel Hearts girls to join us. She smiled at Terada-senpai and Mio-san.

"I'm glad you two could come! Summer's about to end, huh?"

"Yeah, that's why we should make the most of it."

Terada-senpai said, which made Mio-san narrow her eyes.

…Were things not going well after all?

"I agree. If I had a boyfriend right now, I'd sure love to spend the last days of summer going on as many dates as possible. Going to a fireworks festival, alone, with my boyfriend, would be a lovely way to end the break, indeed."

"...But if a couple has mutual friends that they both get along with really well, it would also be nice to hang out as a group, no?"

"If such a boyfriend exists, who'd choose to hang out with his buddies over spending time alone with his girlfriend exists… Please tell me who it is so I can reprimand him!"

So they were fighting.

Lia, Darkness and I exchanged a look, feeling partially responsible for causing this.

Wait, no matter how you think about it, this was this blockhead Terada-senpai's fault.

You have a girlfriend, so why are you hanging out with us?! Not to mention it's only been a few weeks since they started dating, so why is he so lax around her?! He should be doing his best to treat her well!

I guess I admired his loyalty to us, that he'd prioritize hanging out with us than going on a date with his girlfriend.

Still, what a blockhead.

"Blockhead… I mean, Terada-senpai…"

"Hold on, did you just call me something rude, Satou-kun?"

"Must be your imagination."

"Yeah, it must be."

Your Cunning increased by +1!

…Should that stat really be going up for tricking a dense guy like Terada-senpai?
"It's gonna take a while to set up the spot I reserved, so why don't you hang out with Mio-san for now? It's gonna be hard to move in a big group, and it's not like you know all of my friends and family."

He looked at the large group behind us and nodded.

"Yeah, I don't want to intrude."

Mio-san looked at me with such deep gratitude that it was almost blinding.

"...Let's meet up with Satou-kun and co. later, Terada-kun! I'm hungry, so let's check out some stalls together! Platonically, of course!"

"Sounds good."

She was about to reflexively hook her arms around his, but only managed to stop at the last second.

…Why were these two even hiding it?
We'd have to act like complete fools not to notice.

"Well… At least they're getting along."

Darkness said lamely.

Even though that crisis was only narrowly averted.

Lia and Darkness went back to the group.

As for the last two I invited, there was Kuroko and Ame.

Ame said that she'd have to stop by later, since she wanted to see her friends from school for a bit.

As for Kuroko…

"Oh, Kazuma, there you are!"

I invited her to the festival, but she said that she was already going.

As for what her business was…

"...You're here too, huh, kid?"

She was running a stall with her father.

They had a stall that ran a toy rifle target game, where you shoot down the prizes you want. Kuroko told me that they do this every year.

I knew that the blacksmith oji-san had quite a lot of wealth now as an app-user, which he could explain away with the government contacts I introduced him to.

So rather than do this for profits, I guess he just wanted to keep up the tradition with his daughter.

I excused myself from the others to say hi to Kuroko, but her old man was giving me a suspicious glare.

Ever since I accidentally crashed her birthday party, he had been suspicious of my relationship with her.

"I'll meet you later after finishing my shift here, OK?"

She told me with a wink, which made Sakamoto-san's eyes widen.

"Hold on… You didn't tell me you were going on a date with the kid!"

"...Who said it was a date? Geez, dad… Can't I hang out with my friends?"

"You're only allowed to have girl friends!"

"And why's that?!"

I stopped them before they could start fighting.

"I came here with a bunch of my friends, Sakamoto-san, so you don't need to worry. My parents are also gonna be there."

He relaxed and nodded.

"That's good. I'll come by later and thank your parents after this."

"I'm sure they'd like that."

Kuroko smiled and said,

"My old man doesn't have a lot of friends, so it'll be cool if he makes friends with your folks!"

"K-Kuruko-chan, he didn't need to know that!"

With that resolved, I secretly passed Sakamoto-san a note.

He pocketed it and looked at me curiously, but didn't comment on it while Kuroko was there.

As for that note, it was about my medicine research.

With the [Medicine] skill I had been continuing to study the plants and herbs I gathered in the dungeon.

I remembered Kuruko mentioning last time that Sakamoto-san had diabetes.

Of course, I didn't want him to suffer from such an ailment, so I wanted to give him the medicine I developed with him in mind.

…Hopefully that would also increase his opinion of me.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Bloodzone15, Lenskio, Enverion and 79 others
BoringBone
Apr 17, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 78: A Grand Reveal In This Festival! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
May 6, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,770
A/N: Make sure to check out Demon King class Chapter 4 on Patreon!


Chapter 78: A Grand Reveal In This Festival!

Part 1

Sakamoto-san told Kuroko that he needed to take a break to check on his blood sugar.

"I'll handle things here, dad!"

She cheerfully said, waving as he stepped away.

We met up at a secluded area away from the festival, away from the stalls and people, near some trees. For extra measure, I put up a dungeon door and had him step inside.

He was a bit wary of it, never having seen someone summon a dungeon door out of thin air before, but he seemed to trust me enough to enter, at least.

"...What is this place?"

He asked, as he looked around at the elegant living room styled as a traditional Japanese reception room. I made a little hobby out of designing different kinds of rooms based on different cultures. It was like playing an interior design game.

He tested the genuine tatami mat floors after taking his shoes off. I also made some light runes to replicate the artificial sunlight in the main dungeon, to have a faint glimmer of sunlight peeking from outside, along with a garden that was growing the various herbs and plants I took from the dungeon.

I pointed to a low table for him to set on. He nodded and sat on a seat cushion. He jerked in surprise when a hostess came out, wearing a formal kimono with sunflower print.

"It's a golem that's constructed to serve guests."

"Kid, what kind of insane shit have you been doing…?!"

He was yelling but immediately quieted his voice, affected by the serenity of the location. The hostess bowed and served both of us tea. I sat across from him.

"Nevermind that…"

"How can I not mind it?!"

"In any case, your medicine is in that tea."

I pointed to the green tea the golem served.

"...You're just gonna casually give me a miracle cure, just like that?"

"What, do you want a whole ceremony or something?"

"No, not really… Well, I guess I can't call it anti-climactic considering the setting…"

He seemed a bit conflicted on what to think, but I guess I kind of understood him. I guess just having the cure placed directly in front of him, the steam going to his face, was startling, to say the least.

Still, he took the cup and drank the tea in one go.

"...It's good. Wait, the taste isn't the issue."

"You probably shouldn't go to the doctor. They'll wonder how you got rid of your diabetes."

"Yeah, good call. I'll just report that my blood sugar levels are good… Although I guess I don't have to worry about that anymore."

He blinked, as if unable to believe he just said those words, before he chuckled. I didn't miss how he blinked a few times, probably to stop himself from crying. I felt like I shouldn't be witnessing a grown man emotionally breaking down from having his disease cured, but I was involved in the process of helping him. I felt I deserved at least some of the emotional payoff.

"I kind of wish Kuroko could be here with me to share the moment…"

"Do you want to bring her here?"

I said, which surprised him.

"...I won't say that I haven't considered telling her about all this dungeon business. Considering what's at stake."

"Yeah, I've been considering telling my family as well…"

"It's the right move, I think."

It made me feel better about my decision having a man like Sakamoto-san validate my decision.

"Tell you what, Sakamoto-san, when you come to meet my parents later, how about we just reveal everything to them and Kuroko later?"

Not only to them, but everyone who was involved with me, even Ame and Terada-senpai.

And perhaps I'd ask Megumin and Yunyun if she wanted to involve their friends, who were coming later.

I didn't want to risk things anymore. Even for those without the potential to become app-users, I wanted a way to have them be prepared for the upcoming danger.

He looked down at the tea cup he just finished, before slowly nodding.

"Let's do it."

We both shook on it.

Your bond with Sakamoto Daichi has deepened!

Sakamoto Daichi (Blacksmith oji-san), Bond Rank: 3

After curing Daichi, his respect and trust for you has risen considerably. He feels bad for being rude to you at the start of your relationship, and will make efforts to treat you better from now on. He's still not sure if he could handle it if you started dating Kuroko, but he won't beat you up anymore if you do. Your bond will not break anymore if he finds out about you and Kuroko.

Bond Reward: You learn the skill [Storefront]!

[Storefront] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (10 mp)

Select a location. You will create a small space that only app users can see, where you can store your goods. This space can be made outside or within a dungeon. It will take the appearance you desire. The store has an inventory space separate to your own and can hold 10 items at Rank 1. Your Charisma stat determines how many customers will be attracted to your store. You can hire employees to run the store, and their Charisma scores can contribute to the total (3 max).

I finally learned this skill, huh?

I was interested in it before, but it wasn't like I wanted to make those irresponsible app-users stronger by selling gear to them. And I have more than enough money these days.

Still, it could have some use, so I didn't immediately disregard it.

Once we agreed to share the secret with the others, Sakamoto-san and I exchanged a handshake before leaving the room.

I watched him return to Kuroko, who was surprised when he suddenly embraced her.

Well, he can tell her the good news later on.

Part 2

Aika-chan did call 'dibs' on me, but when I looked for her, it looked like she was having plenty of fun with my grandparents. They were doting on her and Mary-chan, spoiling them with treats.

I wondered how my parents would react not only to the app-user thing, but with the knowledge that those two really were their granddaughters.

I left them to have fun and went back to the group, who were still checking out stalls together. Mitsurugi and Rin came back with Rin carrying a plastic bag with a goldfish inside. I guess they already went goldfish scooping. Joining the group were three girls I hadn't seen before.

"M-Megumin, another handsome guy is coming here?!"

A girl with twintails said, causing a girl with a ponytail beside her to gasp in shock. Meanwhile, the third girl, one who was wearing an eyepatch similar to the one Megumin used to always wear, just looked at me curiously.

It looked like these two girls were blushing while looking at me and Mitsurugi.

"You must be Megumin and Yunyun's friends. Nice to finally meet you."

I said, coming to greet them.

"Y-Yeah, I'm…"

"This is Funifura, Dodonko and Arue."

"Oi! I told you to stop calling us with those weird names!"

"These hot guys will think we're weird!"

From what I remembered, Megumin roped her schoolfriends into the Crimson Demon lore she made up.

But Arue didn't seem to mind it. In fact, she seemed to embrace it.

"Fufun… Forgive these two. They haven't unlocked their memories from their past lives yet…"

She struck a chuuni pose, putting her hands over her eyes mysteriously.

…That confident pose… Could it be that Arue was actually the ringleader when it comes to that roleplay stuff?

"Why do I hang out with these weirdos…"

Funifura muttered, looking embarrassed.

Yunyun tugged on Arue and Megumin's yukata sleeve.

"Um, Fumino-san and Momoko-san don't really like playing along with the Crimson Demon stuff… I mean, I got used to it, but it's not like I'm as passionate about it as you two…"

Fumino and Momoko… Those must be their real names.

Well, I can kinda see Funifura coming from Fumino, but Momoko… How did that even lead to Dodonko?

"Megumin… You really have the worst naming sense…"

"Y-Yeah, go ahead and tell her!"

"Megumi calls us that everyday! It's annoying! And because Yuna here goes along with everything her lover Megumi says, she even calls us with those stupid names sometimes!"

"L-Lover…?! H-Hey, I was trying to help you two but maybe I should stop?!"

Yunyun was actually standing up for herself. Did it really count if she could only do it when it came to her friends, though?

Mitsurugi chuckled, perhaps finding the argument between the middle schoolers endearing.

"Megumin-chan… It's kind of mean how you gave yourself, Yunyun-chan and Arue-chan nicknames that are at least kind of cute… Funifura-chan is kind of cute-sounding, too, but Dodonko-chan's is, well, it's really the weirdest one."

"U… Uuu…!"

Having this ikemen call her nickname weird actually made Dodonko tear up. Mitsurugi started waving his hands.

"Ah, wait! Sorry, I didn't mean that! H-How about I treat you to some ice cream, or something?!"

"Sure, let's go!"

"Wait, I'm coming along, too!"

Dodonko instantly cheered up and Funifura somehow managed to tag along.

Megumin sighed as she went to follow them.

"Let's go, Yunyun."

"R-Right!"

Since Megumin promised Yunyun that they'd spend time with their friends, she was following them as they split off with Mitsurugi.

Arue was about to follow them, but before she could, she gave me a small bow.

"It's nice to finally meet you. You're Kazuma-senpai, right?"

"Ah, yeah nice to meet you… I can call you Arue, but I'd like to know your real name."

"What is real and what is fiction, I wonder? Who is the one that determines that…"

She took this chuuni thing too seriously.

I didn't like to pull the senpai card too much, but I could only handle so much chuunibyou before getting reminded of my own dark past.

"For a younger girl, you sure are impudent…"

"...My parents gave me the name Arina."

No matter how much of a chuuni she was, she still respected the social hierarchy, I guess.

I let her go join the others. Rin chuckled as she walked over. I said,

"How was gold fish scooping?"

"It was nice. It was only fun for a bit, though. Having high-stats means most games are easy…"

I guess that did kind of put a damper to most challenges.

"I hope you had fun hanging out with Mitsurugi, at least."

I said, hoping that she didn't lose her joy for the small things after becoming what was essentially a superhuman.

"Yeah, that was all I really cared about, anyway. Do you think we can store this fish in a dungeon room? Make an aquarium or something."

I nodded and easily prepared it with [Smithing] and [Create Water]. Once the fish had a home, we came back to the festival. I said,

"Where are the others?"

"Darkness-senpai and Chris-san just went to hangout on their own. As for Aqua-san…"

She pointed to a crowd. I thought that it was part of the festival's activities, but when I looked closer, I actually saw Aqua juggling ten lanterns at once.

"A-Amazing…!"

"I've never seen such a performance!"

"Please, let us give you some tips!"

Aqua shook her head as she added some more objects to juggle.

"No money please! That will taint my craft!"

…If we weren't already wildly rich, I'd get mad about Aqua refusing those tips.

Still, even without her spending skill points on party tricks, she was quite the prodigy, huh?

As expected of the goddess of party tricks.

"She's good at the weirdest things…"

"Should you really be saying that about your main girlfriend?"

Rin said with a raised brow.

"She says worse things about me, her boyfriend."

"Fair enough. I guess the amount of atrocious words you hurl at each other cancels each other out."

Was my relationship with Aqua really that toxic?

I asked about Iris and Rin said that she went with Megumin's parents and Komekko. Kazuto also got roped in, and apparently he was angry about being treated as a kid. Well, I guess I'd be annoyed, too, if I was forced to hang out with the adults and the other kids. Especially at that age when he'd want to assert his independence as much as he could.

He was still a kid, though, so he'd just have to put up with it.

"I guess I'll have the first turn with you then, senpai!"

Rin said, after everything just happened to work out in her favor to spend time with me first.

Don't tell me that this girl actually orchestrated all of this.

Scary…

Part 3

It was quite humid and crowded, so I bought Rin a fan to cool herself down with.

She fanned herself while smiling.

"Thanks for the gift, senpai."

"You're very welcome, my kouhai."

She held out her hand for me and I took it.

We held hands while enjoying the festival vibes, stopping at a stall that caught our eye, taking a break to drink boba or eat the snacks we bought along the way.

While we were sharing some odango, she said,

"When I was a kid, I dreamed about trying out everything I saw in a festival. I guess I'm living out my dream right now?"

"Yup. We've got unlimited funds, so go for it."

I gave her a thumbs up, and she chuckled.

"Didn't you also have such dreams, senpai?"

"Of course. Although a bunch of the things I wanted seem kind of useless to me now."

When I was a kid, I wanted all the toys I saw in the stalls, like the kamen rider masks and the toy cars. Now, they were all just plastic ripoffs to me. I watched a bunch of kids crowding around the rider masks, handing over their allowances to the stall owner who was happy for all the business.

"Senpai, you sure have lost your childlike innocence, huh?"

"I lost that a long time ago."

"I lost my innocence to you, though."

She leaned in and gave me a teasing smile. Then said,

"Before meeting you I was just an innocent, little librarian-assistant, enjoying my sweet fairy tales. Then you introduced me to all sorts of things…"

"Don't talk like I tempted you… You were just as involved in any of the purity I might have made you lose."

She chuckled and bit off the last of her odango, before speaking while chewing.

"I wonder if any of us were pure to begin with? Children lie all the time, and when you hit your teens, a bunch of desires well up naturally…"

"Well, of course purity is just a manmade concept. If there's a being out there that is totally pure, then I'd like to meet them."

"That would be goddesses, wouldn't they… Actually, nevermind."

Rin retracted that statement as soon as she thought about the goddesses she encountered.

"Speaking of goddesses, you should make up with Chris-san. Your teasing might have gone overboard."

"Ugh… It's so fun though…"

And she's so hot when she's flustered.

"Still, she does have her pride, so even if what you said was true, you still need to apologize."

She admitted that what I said might have truth in it, huh?

"They hated me for speaking the truth…"

"I'm sure people hate you for plenty of things, senpai."

"Maybe you really weren't as pure as I thought, Rin…"

"Well, you weren't as much of a gentleman as I thought you were at the start, senpai."

"I'm glad I managed to fool you!"

"I guess we fooled each other."

Since we were already alone, I mentioned my plan to tell the others about the app.

Rin nodded after hearing what I had to say.

"I'm all for it. I can't even imagine what my life would be like right now if you never told me about the dungeon… I think I'd be like a tanuki stuck inside a burrow, only seeing shadows from outside but never knowing what they really are…"

So instead of Plato's Cave, it was a Tanuki's Burrow?

Rin giving me her blessing was the final push I needed to make my decision.

"Thanks for hearing me out, Rin."

"Anytime, senpai. Rather, I would have been mad if you didn't consult me about this…"

"...The thought never even occurred to me."

"Good senpai."

She patted my head.

This girl was in complete control of me, it seemed.

…

…

We headed to the VIP area, which Sena finished preparing. Along with spread out blankets to sit on, there were even some tents set up. Not only that, she prepared some barbeque stations that everyone can enjoy later on, as well as coolers with drinks in it.

"Whoa, you went all out, Sena."

I said, retrieving a beer from the cooler. She held out her hand and I tossed her one as well.

"This is the only way I can really support you guys, so I wanted to try my best… Wait, hold on."

She gripped my wrist before I could drink the beer.

"What's the matter, Sena? We always drink with Aqua…"

She was part of our drinking buddy trio, so I was confused why she was stopping me now.

"I get that, but aren't your parents here? What will they say to me if they find out I've been letting you drink?!"

"Then let's just drink as much as we can before they get here."

I drank the beer, causing her to sigh before drinking as well.

"Kanpai!"

Rin sighed and shook her head.

"Nothing can stop you two from drinking… Senpai, I'll be right back. I just want to say hi to some friends from school."

"Want me to come say hello?"

"I don't want them to think that my senpai is a drunkard, so stay away with your booze breath, please."

Rin waved me off, leaving me alone with Sena.

While we were drinking, Darkness and Chris came back.

"Hmph!"

Chris made a big show of crossing her arms and doing that.

I guess she was still mad at me.

I shared a look with Sena, before standing up and going over to her.

"HMPH!"

She made sure it was louder this time.

"Chris-sama… Oh, my cute and lovely Chris-sama… I'm very sorry!"

I bowed deeply to her.

"...Sorry for what?"

"For teasing you too much!"

Darkness decided to play peacemaker.

"He apologized already, Chris. Besides, you know Kazuma has problems with restraint…"

"Exactly. You don't blame the sun for being too hot, or for water for being too wet, do you?"

She eventually sighed and uncrossed her arms.

"I guess I can forgive you… But don't get too used to teasing me all the time! I really hate it!"

"...Do you really?"

Darkness said, with a lot of doubt.

I also doubted it.

"I-I mean it!"

That didn't sound too convincing.

Still, I decided to let her off the hook for now.

Part 4

Now that I made up with Chris, we hung out at the festival together with Darkness.

I watched as Chris excitedly went from place to place. She was like a little kid. I said,

"...You must have been really curious about the world beyond the sea, huh?"

"You mean below heaven?"

She said, while eating cotton candy. She went on to say,

"Well, yeah… But going so far as to say I was a voyeur who got off on watching humans is…"

"Are you telling me that wasn't at least partly true?"

"We're doing this again?!"

She looked to Darkness to scold me, but Darkness just glanced away.

"I'm also curious, Chris… Are you actually a lot like me?"

"Like you?!"

"You know… How much of an 'M' are you, Chris?"

"W-Wah?!"

"I mean, we've done it together with Kazuma a lot now, and I do notice how you react to rough play…"

I nodded along in agreement.

Chris started shaking as she blushed, before she eventually deflated.

"I'm not an M! Really, I'm not! Fine, I'll admit it, I was curious in heaven and wanted to try all sorts of things out…"

"I knew it."'

"But it was to a healthy extent! Not to the lengths you were imagining, Kazuma-kun!"

Seeing that she was willing to admit that much, I decided to cut her some slack.

"It's perfectly normal to be curious and even interested in sex. So I won't tease you about it if you really hate it that much."

Her eyes softened then she said,

"...I guess I can handle some teasing… As long as you don't paint me as a deviant on the same level as Darkness."

"H-How did this turn to me?!"

"Don't act as if you hate it, Darkness."

"Kuh! To think Chris and Kazuma is ganging up on me… Shank you very mush!"

Yeah, this one is too far gone.

"I understand now why Chris was so mad being compared to The Darkness…"

"Why are you saying my name like that?!"

"That was how Aika-chan called me… Hey, Kazuma, you need to work harder to get Aqua-senpai and Aika-chan to accept me already."

"I'm a father, not a miracle worker."

After making up with Chris, I also told Chris and Darkness about my plan to involve the others in the dungeon.

Once I was done explaining my reasoning to them, Chris sighed,

"...At this point it's not like I can say it's a bad idea. People deserve a way to protect themselves… Just not with divine artifacts that can change the course of the entire universe!"

So as long as cheat items weren't handed out willy-nilly, it seems Chris was willing to compromise.

As for Darkness, she rubbed her chin in thought.

"I wonder if my father and Sylphina can also get involved…"

"Be sure to tell me if you want to bring your family in, too."

Darkness nodded slowly.

The hardest one to convince was Chris, so if she was on board, then I was sure everyone else would be.

After that discussion, we headed back to the VIP area.

Only to find Sena glaring at us.

"...Leaving me here to have fun on your own… I get it, nobody wants to have fun with the old lady, huh?"

Ah, maybe we shouldn't have just left her by herself.

I looked at Sena.

Hmm… I was meaning to help Sena out when it came to 'stress-relief'.

And it looks like she really needed that right now.

At first I hesitated to make any overt moves to Sena, only because I was thinking that I already had too many relationships.

But Regina-sama's wise words came to mind again.

That's right, I shouldn't hesitate.

In the first place, Satou Kazuma is a man who never hesitates to flirt with beautiful women.

That was my original doctrine.

And so, I came to Sena and placed my hands on her shoulders, giving her a light massage.

"Ahn!"

She was so touch starved that she already reacted to just that.

Rather, her shoulders were really stiff. She could actually use a lot of relief right now.

I leaned and whispered in her ear.

"You know, Sena, that offer is still on the table…"

It seems she never forgot.

And in this situation, with her spiralling in her loneliness and needing an outlet…

It didn't take long for her to nod.

"T-Then I'll accept…"

She finally caved in.

Rather, I'm surprised she even put it off for so long.

While watching me seduce Sena, Chris said,

"Kazuma-kun… You're really moving from one girl to another, huh?"

When she said that, Darkness panicked and quickly said,

"Oi, Chris… There's no use complaining about it to Kazuma. We're all playing by Rin's rules, remember that…"

"...! Y-You're right. I'm a new member of the group, so I should be careful about not offending Rin-sama…"

"That's right. Never forget that we are in Rin's harem."

Wait, this was Rin's harem?

I thought it was mine?!

Also, is it really alright for a goddess to be scared of a human?

Well, I'm also scared of Rin, so I guess I couldn't really judge.

In any case, I took the blushing Sena with me to the privacy of the VIP tent.

Part 5

"I can't believe I'm really doing this…"

Sena said, as I closed the tent behind us.

"There's no need to hesitate."

"Easy for you to say! You have so much experience! No, rather… Should I really be doing this with a highschooler…"

"Like I said before, I'm already a soldier risking my life for the world. It's not like that should matter now."

"Even if you say that, I'll still…"

Her words died when I started to loosen my yukata.

Her eyes widened when she saw a peek of my torso.

My beyond peak human physicality made me look like a greek statue, the epitome of aesthetics.

During my martial arts sparring sessions with Sena, I always caught her checking out my body.

Now, I was giving her a complete show.

I grinned as I slowly loosened the yukata.

I heard her gulp.

"No complaints now, huh?"

She blushed and said,

"Damn brat… Seducing an adult…!"

I stepped closer to her, while letting my yukata unravel.

Her eyes went up and down to my face and my body.

I put my hands on her chin, leaning my place close.

Her eyes swam around before they slowly closed. I could feel her trembling.

"...You're so cute."

I chuckled, finding her mannerisms adorable.

She was so shy even though she was in her twenties.

"D-Don't tease me… Mnph!"

I quieted her with a kiss.

She melted into the kiss immediately. I raised her chin, since I had grown taller than her now with all the stat raises. That caused her to loosen even more, especially as I reached down to hold up her hand.

I knew exactly how to treat girls now, make them relax, make them get into the mood.

But first, I wanted her to get a real taste of romance. I drew back after our first kiss. She slowly opened her eyes, captivated by me.

"How was your first kiss?"

I said, wiping her bottom lip with my thumb.

"...It felt magical."

She blushed as she admitted it.

"I'm glad."

I drew back for another kiss, giving her plenty of innocent little kisses before I opened my mouth and slipped my tongue inside.

She was completely passive, as if she was afraid to touch me. I drew back from her lips, only to take the hand I had been holding and place it against my chest.

"...!"

Her eyes immediately went down, looking at her hand as if it were an illusion.

I chuckled and said,

"Don't be shy now. You can touch me."

She bit her lip and slowly nodded, while tracing her hands across my pecs, then going down below to feel my abs.

"Y-You're so ripped…"

She mumbled, as both hands went down to feel my rock-hard abs.

I let her have her fill touching my body, then I said,

"Want me to go down on you?"

"...!!!"

Her eyes widened again at my offer.

"Y-Yeah…"

Of course, she didn't refuse.

I chuckled, finding her shyness adorable. She clearly wanted to do all kinds of lewd things but hesitated to ask for it.

Even though I'd pretty much let her do whatever she wanted. Virgins really are cute.

It made me feel nostalgic about my first time with Aqua. Back then, we were both equally inexperienced, though. Right now I had a considerable advantage over Sena, which was why I was extra patient with her.

I went down on my knees and helped her untie her yukata. She paused, before revealing her body as she opened the yukata. She was wearing a navy-blue set of bra and panties. She was very fit from all her training as a police woman, and gifted with mature curves.

I reached up to slowly bring down her panties. She glanced away in embarrassment as I saw her completely shaved pussy up close.

"...It's so pretty."

I assured her, as I ran a finger along her pussy lips.

She gasped at the contact. I kept rubbing the entrance, before I parted her slit and stuck my tongue out.

While looking up and meeting her gaze, I slipped my tongue inside.

"Mnn…!"

She trembled as I carefully slipped in my tongue.

I gave her some gentle licks. She instantly got wet.

I could tell she was still hesitating to touch me, so I chuckled and took my tongue back, only to take her hand and place it on my head.

"You can push my head down if you want me to go deeper."

"...! I-I can't do that to you!"

"It's fine. I'm yours. You can do whatever you want to me. Treat me like your little manslut."

"...!!!"

I could tell that I awakened something in her from those words.

Sena was always working hard for us, especially with all those requests I gave her.

I even had her establish those Kazumalls for me.

She really needed this, to be in charge for once.

She kept her hand on my head and slowly applied pressure. I let her push my head down, my tongue going deeper, until my lips were smooshed against her pussy.

"Mnnph… Nnn…"

I made soft little sounds, imitating Rorisa's technique when she uses her voice to create pleasant vibrations when going down on me. Not only that, I gave Sena a look of complete subservience.

In her eyes, this unattainable man with a perfect physique was submitting completely to her, on his knees, giving her deep head and letting her push him against her pussy.

It gave me a huge thrill, imagining how she viewed me right now.

…Maybe this was why Megumin enjoyed playing the power-bottom so much?

Other than that, I enjoyed the dynamic. I wasn't used to having people see me as a sex object. I went my whole life unnoticed. Maybe I was becoming something like an attention whore, but I loved the way Sena was looking at me, like I was the perfect sexual conquest.

I took her other hand and brought it to my head. She hesitated, before pushing my head deeper with both hands. I struggled to get my entire tongue inside her, as I was almost choking on her pussy now.

"Mnghk… Mnnngk…!"

I looked up, showing her how I was trying my hardest to get my tongue as deep as possible, my eyes tearing up from the effort.

It was too much for Sena, a virgin overwhelmed with my service.

"I-I'm gonna cum…!"

I nodded and surprised her by pulling out. I tilted my head up and stuck my tongue out.

"Cum all over my face. Mark me as yours."

"...!!! Ahhhn… Hnnnnnghhhh!"

She sprayed my face all over with her juices.

I closed my eyes and kept my mouth open, as she came all over my face and dripped juice into my tongue.

"A-Ahhh…! Sorry…!"

She immediately started apologizing once she saw the mess he made on my face.

I chuckled and gave her a wink.

"It's fine. Did you like it?"

"Yeah… It was… It was incredible… Here's a towel!"

I didn't really mind having her juices on my face, but I didn't want her to feel bad, so I wiped myself off with a towel.

Then I set the towel aside and shifted over to a bed roll.

Her eyes never left me as I took off the rest of my robe, then made a show of slipping my boxers down.

Her mouth dropped when my hard cock sprung out. I laid down, cock pointed straight up for her.

"...Come here."

I said, spreading my legs for her.

With a dazed look, she made her way over.

Part 6

I watched as Sena straddled me, all the while staring at my cock.

"Put it in whenever you're ready."

I gave her an encouraging smile.

She slowly nodded and took a deep breath.

Then she held my cock and positioned herself over it.

"Nn…"

She let out a small moan as my tip made contact with her aroused pussy lips.

"That's it… Slowly…"

I said in a soothing voice as she started to lower herself.

"Nghk!"

Finally, she pierced through her own hymen.

"Oh… Wow…"

She said in a shuddering whisper.

"You can move how you like."

She nodded, before planting her hands on my abs and starting to move.

She was really clumsy, but I enjoyed looking at her face, awash in pleasure. I asked,

"Does it feel good?"

"Yeah… You're so big… Can I go faster?"

"Go ahead. Fuck me hard…"

That flipped the switch in her.

With her hands groping my abs and pecs, roaming all over, she started bouncing faster and harder.

It was still clumsy and unskilled but her passion got me going.

"That's it… Mnn…. I'm yours, claim me."

I continued to surrender my body to her, to give this tired woman some much needed release.

I took her rough movements, letting her enjoy my cock to her heart's content.

"I-I'm gonna cum…!"

Since it was her first time, she was already about to climax.

To be honest, I wasn't close to my own climax yet, but I didn't mind.

This was all about Sena.

"That's it, cum for me."

"Hnnnnghhh!"

She had her biggest climax yet, completely wetting my lap as she unravelled.

I held her as she collapsed on my chest, panting from the effort.

"Wow, that was… Sex is amazing…"

She said, while breathing hotly into my pecs.

"We can do that anytime."

She shivered as I gave her that promise, perhaps already thinking about all the sex she could now have with me.

I was still hard, but I didn't want to say 'can you finish me off?', after she just lost her virginity. I knew that she would get insecure and wonder if she did something wrong during sex. So, I just let her enjoy the after glow as I pulled my cock away and let her cuddle me.

Once she gets more experience, she'll probably pick up on how my body works. Let's be patient for now.

She wasn't an M like Darkness, or M-curious like Chris, so I didn't want to treat her roughly. In fact, I decided to treat her more delicately than usual, since she was insecure about all kinds of things.

She was a lot closer to Yunyun in that regard.

Over time, I started to develop a deep knowledge on how to treat different women.

I should treasure this knowledge that most men would kill to possess.

…

…

After several minutes, we finally dressed up and stepped out of the tent.

Only for me to see my childhood friend, Ame, blushing as she watched me leave the tent with Sena.

She just had to show up at this moment, huh?

Of course, there was no soundproofing at all in that tent.

And now that I look at it, the material was thin enough to see silhouettes from outside.

Ame probably got a free show of all of that happening.

Still, I already came clean to her about my arrangement with multiple women, so it wasn't like she didn't know about my lifestyle.

"W-Wow, Kazuma… You're even sleeping with senpai from college, huh?"

Sena perked up at that. Well, she was college aged. It was just that she was in the workforce.

"Ah, well… Yeah."

"You sure have changed, Kazuma… You used to be such an innocent kid! Maybe you'll make a move on me, too?!"

I was about to assure her that I wouldn't make a move on my childhood friend, but…

I had a different perspective.

Thanks to Regina-sama, of course.

I didn't want to pressure Ame into anything, though, so I just smiled and said,

"It would be lovely if our promise came true one day."

"...!!!"

She was shocked that I said it outright.

I was fine with staying as good friends with Ame, but if the chance came for us to go back to those days, when we sincerely thought that we'd end up married someday, I didn't want to lose that chance ever again.

I knew that my perspective from before wasn't wrong. It's not wrong to preserve relationships and to worry about my many romances getting out of hand.

But at the same time, I knew that I just had to trust in my bonds.

I wasn't wrong before, but the compromise I came to wasn't the best answer.

There's a difference between a correct answer and the best answer, and the best answer often comes at the price of risk. But that's what makes it worth pursuing.

Ame stared at me before blushing.

"Geez… You really have changed… I'll think about it, OK?"

"I'm free to talk anytime."

Rather than feel worried, I actually felt freer than I was before.

I wouldn't hold things back anymore. Not my desires, no matter how selfish they were.

I'll take what I want and bring about the future I desire.

And above all…

Satou Kazuma never turns down a chance to get with a beautiful girl.

Part 7

After the others gathered in the VIP area, I set the dungeon crew aside and told them about my plan.

Like I predicted, everyone agreed to it. If even a stickler for the rules like Chris didn't have any problems, then I was sure that the likes of Aqua and Megumin wouldn't either.

In fact, Megumin was excited.

"Fufun… So it's finally time for Arue to become a proper Crimson Demon, huh?"

"I-I'm glad that we can include our friends, Megumin!"

Yunyun was the only one actually saying what's really on her mind.

Mitsurugi nodded along then said,

"If you don't mind, Kazuma, I want to bring Fio and Cremea here for this."

"Go ahead."

There wasn't any point in hiding the dungeon door system, when we were gonna tell everyone about them. Might as well show off our powers as proof so they believe us faster.

I did think Lia would hesitate more, but she surprisingly agreed very quickly. She said,

"After what happened to me with that stalker, I want Erika and Cielo to have the means to protect themselves. Of course, I'd rather not have them get tangled up in this, but their safety is the most important thing."

It was the same reason why I even had Lia become an App-user in the first place, so I completely understood.

Iris also chipped in.

"I also want Kazuto-kun to stay safe, since he's a good friend."

I hate how well those two get along!

Well, he's still my little brother, so I should just be happy that he has friends who care for him…

And I realize it might be quite mean to treat an honorary imouto better than my biological sibling.

Sakamoto-san arrived as promised, bringing Kuroko with him. He gave me a small nod.

"You won't regret it, Sakamoto-san. I'll make sure she's safe."

"...You've already done quite a lot for me, so I guess… I'll trust you on this."

My heart actually skipped a little.

I-Is this something like conquering a secret route in a VN?!

What was once a character you never thought was even an option suddenly has their route unlocked!

…OK, let's not talk this way about a grown man with a daughter.

Rather, he was starting to look at me with suspicion, as if sensing I was thinking something absurd about him.

Once I had everyone's permission, Mitsurugi quickly opened a dungeon door and went to get Cremea and Fio.

"...E-Eh?! Where are we?!"

"How did we end up here, Kyouya-kun?!"

The others who didn't have potential couldn't see the dungeon door.

But still, it was undeniable that Cremea, Fio and Mitsurugi suddenly popped out of the dungeon.

"Hm? Did nii-chan hire some magicians to do a magic trick?"

Komekko said, once she saw three people appear in the middle of the VIP area.

"Ohh! Remember how you said you wanted to watch a magic show all those years ago, Komekko? Now's your chance!"

"That was when you told me that magic is not real and it's a huge scam to rip people off, right?"

"Ah, that was back then… Magic is real! And Santa is real, too!"

"But you said that Santa is the biggest scammer of all…"

"L-Let's forget about that, Komekko!"

…Were they really crushing a girl's dreams just to save money?

To save Hyoizaburo-san's hide, I stepped forward and cleared my throat, getting everyone's attention.

"Everyone, I've gathered you all here today to tell you about the hidden secrets of this world…"

Funifura suddenly groaned when I started talking.

"Ugh, I should have known Megumin's friends would be like this. He's so hot, too. What a waste. Let's go, Momoko."

"Yeah, maybe the others from school will let us join them…"

Before they could leave, I held my hands out to Funifura.

"[Steal]!"

"...? Why do I feel kinda…. O-Oi, how do you have my panties in your hands?!"

She blushed while seeing me holding up her pink panties.

"Hoh? Yunyun has a similar design… Did you two go shopping together? How cute."

"How did you do that?! Is this another magic trick?! Sleight of hand?! You pervert!"

I could feel Lia's burning gaze on me.

"Kazuma… What was that for?"

"What? I needed a way to prove our powers are real, right?"

"You can literally break the laws of the natural world with your magic, and you choose to steal a young girl's panties to prove your point?"

Rin chuckled fondly.

"Ah, I see you're reaching the disillusionment stage, Lia-senpai."

"...You sound like you speak from experience."

"There was once a time when I used to think that my relationship with senpai was something like a youth romcom… Ah, those were the days…"

"What would you classify it now?"

"...Let's just say that you can't really learn to care for someone unless you accept all their faults."

I thought Rin had just sabotaged my relationship with Lia, but Lia just chuckled and nodded.

"That makes sense. I never thought that Kazuma was virtuous, anyway."

Should I feel relieved?

Meanwhile, Megumin's yukata had suddenly disappeared and she was in her combat gear, complete with the staff.

"Kazuma, the easiest way to show them is to reveal the terrifying might of explosion…!"

"[Bind]!"

I threw a rope on Megumin to subdue this terrorist.

"Eeep! He tied Megumin up!"

"Let's get out of here! This is some kinda creepy party!"

Ah, this grand reveal was going rougher than I expected.

Well, I guess it was mostly my fault.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Bloodzone15, kinggamerlite29, Lenskio and 94 others
BoringBone
May 6, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 79: A Climax For This Festival! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
May 17, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,791
Chapter 79: A Climax For This Festival!

Part 1

"Hey, Kazuma, you've recently worked on yourself and became popular… Please don't regress back into a chuuni…"

Kuroko said, still not convinced. She seemed shocked at seeing Mitsurugi, Cremea and Fio step out of the dungeon door, but I guess she thought it was an elaborate magic trick, like Komekko did.

I guess that was the natural reaction.

I shared a look with Sakamoto-san and he nodded.

"Actually, Kuroko-chan, this is all real."

"Ugh, dad, not you too! I know you wanna relate to me by copying what kids these days do, but trust me when I say that this isn't cool!"

"I'm not trying to be cool! You see, magic actually exists. In fact, Kazuma here helped my diabetes with a magic cure…"

"See what you did, Kazuma?! All your chuuni posturing made my dad delusional!"

Aqua stepped forward and took out her fans.

"Maybe this will convince you. [Nature's Beauty]!"

"Ohhh! Impressive! …But this isn't anything supernatural, is it?"

"Hah?! How dare you! This is a goddess's party trick! I knew I shouldn't have put my skill points into luck and intelligence!"

Clearly, she needed to put more into intelligence if she'd say something like that.

My parents looked at me in concern. My dad said,

"Kazuma… You've entered this kind of phase again, huh?"

My mom wiped the corner of her eye, where a tear came out.

"Just when I thought you were improving these days…"

Kazuto sighed and shook his head.

"Did I waste all my time giving you those invaluable life lessons?"

Not only was I failing to convince them, they were starting to piss me off.

Erika turned to Lia and said,

"Hey, was your boyfriend always this weird?"

Cielo hid behind Lia while looking at me warily.

"H-He won't try to steal my panties too, will he?"

"...!!!"

Having the idols I admire treat me like this feels horrible!

Yunyun, true to her kind nature, stepped forward to help me.

"Kazuma-san is telling the truth! Funifura-san, Dodonko-san, please look at this! [Fireball]!"

She pointed her hand to the sky and shot a fireball.

"You're in on this too, Yunyun?"

"Megumin really corrupted her… In all sorts of ways…"

Thanks to Aqua, they saw every instance of magic as some kind of cheap party trick.

Of course she'd screw something up!

Fio and Cremea seemed to have gained their bearings and said,

"Cremea… I think this is actually real. I mean, we were in Milan just a minute ago…"

"Y-Yeah… We're in Japan now, right? What is everyone saying…?"

Since they didn't have the app, they couldn't understand what the others were saying.

They were only convinced because they were instantly transported to Japan. I guess that was the only way to convince the others.

I created another dungeon door and said,

"...If you all really think this is some kinda trick, then step through this door…"

Kazuto sighed and shook his head, before going to the door.

"Hah, nii-san… You really don't know when to drop a joke, huh? Fine, I guess I'll humor you…"

He opened the door and stepped inside, before quickly going back and closing the door.

"C-Cold! Where was that?!"

I created a door leading to the arctic.

The others also opened the door and immediately closed it. They were all shivering at the end.

I created more doors, each one leading to vastly different environments and temperatures. With each door I created, the more they started to see that this wasn't a trick.

"H-Hey, Lia, is this actually real?"

Lia nodded at Erika who said that.

"Yes, it is. So please listen to what Kazuma has to say, because it's important."

All eyes were on me now.

I then told everyone about the app, the powers one can get from it, as well as the dungeon, and most importantly, the threat of the Demon King army.

While I was at it, I also told them about Iris. Meanwhile, Aqua…

"I'm actually a goddess!"

She couldn't help it and announced this.

"T-This is all like the plot of some cliched Light Novel…"

Kazuto said, once I finished explaining. He turned to Iris.

"Iris-chan, are you really a princess from another world?!"

Iris gave him a weak smile.

"Yes. Sorry if it's hard to believe…"

"No, I can believe it. You're an otherworldly beauty, after all…"

Oi, I thought he gave up on Iris?!

"And Aqua nee-chan is a goddess, huh? I can also believe it."

"Fufu, you're the first one to believe me so quickly, Kazuto! You're smart unlike your nii-san!"

And I thought he gave up on Aqua, too…

Kazuto stuck his chest out.

"Well, as someone destined to fight the Demon King army… Of course I am."

I see.

Upon finding out that such fantasy tropes actually existed in real life, he was currently undergoing a surge of self-confidence.

That was why he started flirting with all the girls he once gave up on.

"By the way, Kazuto, your potential is very low, so we're not sure yet if you can use the app."

"O-Oh…"

I made sure to humble him before he could get any crazy ideas.

My parents were looking at me worriedly.

"Kazuma… Have you really been fighting dangerous things like demons this whole time?!"

My mom said, making me feel guilty since she looked so worried about me.

"This isn't something kids like you should be doing! We should be telling the government about this!"

I looked to Sena, who blushed at the eye-contact.

She was still embarrassed about what we did, huh? Adorable.

Still, she did her job and faced my parents.

"Actually, the government is already involved. They are working directly with Kazuma-kun and his friends to fight the Demon King army."

Hyoizaburo-san gasped and said,

"Wait, you mean to tell me that the 'gifted children' program was just a cover up by the government, so they could use our kids to battle these demons?!"

He managed to put two and two together.

Sena nodded her head and bowed.

"Yes, I'm sorry for lying to you!"

"T-This is unacceptable! How could the government betray our trust like this?! Not to mention making kids fight their battles…! And you, Kazuma-kun! I trusted you with my daughter's safety, and you've been having her involved in this shady business!"

I coughed and said,

"By the way, the government also gave you that job upon my request."

"...C-Come to think of it, I did find it strange that Kazuma-kun came to the military base… No, actually, I had an inkling that this was all happening… Of course, I trust you, Kazuma-kun, so I have no problems with this…"

He sure changed his tune quickly.

Part 2

I then explained the dungeon system more to them.

When I was done, I asked if they had any questions for me. Arue raised her hand.

"...So we really don't have any innate potential?"

Rather than look disappointed, she only seemed confused.

It was as if she was wondering why someone like her wasn't destined to be a magic user.

"You haven't developed a bond with Megumin yet despite your closeness. That normally means you naturally don't have potential."

"...But someone who doesn't embrace the dark arts like Yunyun has high potential…"

"I don't think it really has to do with that…"

One's disposition did have to do if you could see the dungeon doors or not. Rin and Lia weren't able to see them despite having some potential.

Rin did want to see fantasy worlds like in her favorite fairy tales, but she was ultimately a realist at the end of the day, while Lia was a realist through and through.

In Arue's case, she did have the disposition to see the dungeon doors but not necessarily the inherent potential.

As for what determined potential, it seemed to be completely random. If it was linked to genetics, then Megumin's family and Kuroko would also have potential.

I suppose my family was lucky in the sense that we all had some form of potential.

"Kazuma… You said you have a plan to turn us into these app-users… What do you mean by that?"

It made me feel weird that my mom was talking to me with such caution. She looked at me as if she didn't know if I was still really the same Kazuma she once knew.

I guess this was how a parent would normally react to finding out their son is practically a super hero.

Megumin's parents were the abnormal ones.

I could also see that Kuroko and Sakamoto-san were having some issues. In fact, Sakamoto-san tried to get Kuroko to speak to him in private, but she just shook her head and remained with the others.

…I'd like to help him, but I had the important task of explaining this to everyone.

I turned to my mom and said,

"I can make legendary grade clothing with my [Tailor] skill that drastically raises one's potential. I don't really know if this will help you install the app or not, but it's worth a try."

I asked the crystal ball, but it told me that the chances were not impossible, but they were very slim. Even if they couldn't access the app, I could still give them items to protect themselves, at the very least.

Once I answered all the questions, I then began to tell them about my permadeath status.

I was planning on coming clean with everything, anyway. This was my chance to do so.

"W-What?! Kazuma, why didn't you say anything about this?!"

Megumin said, coming up to me to lift my collar.

Oi, how is she lifting me up?!

"...I didn't want to worry anyone…"

Iris shot me a glare.

"There you go again, onii-sama… I thought we were done hiding things from each other? Not only is it a breach of trust, you're severely compromising our tactics if you hold things back like this!"

Aika-chan started panicking.

"P-Papa! Several of your bonds are in danger of decreasing! Ah, maybe I shouldn't have announced that…"

Aika-chan covered her mouth.

My dad looked at Aika-chan, then at Aqua.

"Um… You know, Aika-chan has been calling you 'papa' and Aqua-chan 'mama' this whole time… She's also been calling us her grandparents… Is she actually…?"

Ahhh! Too many of my secrets are unfolding!

I backed away as the mob started to gather around me. I said,

"Anyway, there's also my plan to reset our skill points…"

"Who cares about that?! You owe us some answers, Kazuma!"

Not only was the main group grilling me, I also noticed Erika shaking her head at me as she patted Lia on the shoulder.

"Oi, Kazuma… You have a lot of explaining to do to Lia here…"

I didn't even want to see Lia's expression right now, but I immediately felt chills.

"...You're right, Erika. He does."

However, I immediately felt dread as Rin stepped forward.

"...Megumin-chan, keep holding him up like that."

"Yes, ma'am!"

Ah, I'm screwed.

Part 3

"Hold on now, you're gripping my neck a bit too tightly, Megumin. And Rin, why are you cracking your knuckles?"

I said, as these two were surrounding me like sharks.

The others were also quickly drawing closer.

"Hoh? You were brave enough to keep secrets from me, but you can't handle this?"

Rin said with a dark scowl.

"Kazuma… I'm disappointed that you kept this from us…"

Darkness said, making Iris nod along.

"Lalatina, make sure to choke onii-sama after Megumin is done."

Why were they taking turns choking me?!

However, what hurt the most was when I saw Yunyun starting to tear up.

"Kazuma-san… You don't trust us, huh?"

"...?!!"

Gah, my heart!

"I'm so sorry!"

When Megumin released me, I went down to do a full bow.

The others, however, were just confused.

"Permadeath… I don't get it. Don't people die when they're killed?"

My mom said, not understanding why the others were surprised.

Mitsurugi rubbed his chin.

"Come to think of it… Aqua-sama's power is very rare, anyway. The fact that we assume we can be resurrected anytime isn't something we should consider normal."

That actually managed to take the heat off me.

Rin's glare softened.

"...I suppose that's true. From here on out, we should just assume that we only have one life to live."

My mom and Mitsurugi saved me!

I looked at them in gratitude.

However, my mom brought up another tricky subject.

"Are you gonna tell us why Aika-chan keeps calling you 'papa'?"

More than the permadeath thing, which she couldn't understand, she was more focused on that.

"You see… Aika-chan and Mary-chan here are my daughters…"

My parents stared at me.

"W-What?! How are they already so big?!"

"That can't be possible, can it?!"

Of course they wouldn't believe me.

I then explained to them Aika-chan's true nature as an AI, as well as Mary-chan being a monster.

"I see… So they're more like your adoptive daughters…"

My mom said, making Aika-chan gasp. She said,

"No, I'm really mama and papa's daughter!"

"Ah, I'm sorry, Aika-chan!"

My mom instantly went down on her knees to pat Aika-chan's head.

She already had a grip on them.

Mary-chan didn't seem concerned at all. She just looked at my dad curiously, who smiled at her.

"What is it, Mary-chan? Wanna give your grandpa a hug?"

"...Hmm… OK…"

He knelt down and pulled her in for a hug. She asked,

"Aren't you scared that I'm a monster?"

"Why would I be when you're so cute!"

Thankfully that went well.

It would honestly break my heart if my parents were scared of Aika-chan and Mary-chan.

It was a good thing they were open minded.

"...So Aqua-chan is the 'mother', huh?"

"But that's just in a figurative sense, right?"

I scratched my cheek, trying to think of the best way to say this. I just decided to go for it.

"Actually, I'm trying to be a father in the literal sense, too… With these girls."

"W-What?!"

I pointed to the girls in my harem aside from Rin, who chose to be more cautious in the regard to having children.

Hyoizaburo-san looked at me in shock before shaking his head and saying to Megumin.

"This is absurd, right, Megumin? He's claiming that you're gonna have his child… Haha…"

"No, it's true. We're seriously trying for children."

"Come here, bastard!"

"Oi, don't you touch my son!"

Surprisingly, my father came to my defense.

Only to back down when Sakamoto-san stepped forward.

"...Oi. Kuroko isn't in this weird arrangement of yours, is she?"

My dad and Hyoizaburo-san quickly went away once this muscular man got involved.

And this man was giving me quite the death glare.

"No, of course not."

I was telling the truth so far.

But let's not tell him that I did hook up with her daughter.

It's just that I wasn't planning to have kids with her.

Ame's eyes were wide and she pointed a shaking finger at me.

"Kazuma… I knew about your arrangement, but you're really going that far?! What happened to you?!"

I looked Ame in the eyes and said,

"We don't know what's gonna happen to any of us, so… I don't want to have any regrets."

The mood turned somber when I said that.

Sena quickly nodded her head in agreement.

"T-That's right… Morals and common sense don't apply in this scenario, so even if we were to do something that would be considered highly inappropriate, it should be allowed…"

Was she trying to cover herself because she slept with me?

Yuiyui-san, of course, picked up on this. She said,

"Is there something you want to admit, Sena-san?"

"...?! I-In any case, the fireworks show will start in half an hour, so let's stop the serious talk for now and enjoy the show! Who wants barbeque?!"

She swiftly avoided the question.

Part 4

I turned to Hyoizaburo-san next, who regained his confidence only after Sakamoto-san stepped back.

"...I'm sorry for not telling you. But yes, I'm planning to have a baby with your daughter."

"You bastard…!"

"Hey, don't touch my son!"

My dad leapt to my rescue, even though I highly doubted Hyoizaburo-san could hurt me.

My mom went forward and said,

"Kazuma, out of all the absurd things you've said so far, this is the most unbelievable one! What do you mean you'll have a child?! Do you even know what that means?!"

I looked for help, but the others were already getting barbeque.

Oi.

Were they really leaving me in this mess?!

Megumin was also trying to leave, but Yuiyui-san held her shoulder.

"Young lady, where are you going?"

"...Even though my stealth should be high… How did you spot me?"

"Did you really expect to get past your mother?"

Meanwhile, the others were gathering around the barbeque.

Mitsurugi refused to make eye-contact with me, and even Rin just shrugged.

As if to say 'this is why I didn't agree to getting pregnant'.

OK, OK, I get it. I brought this upon myself!

I coughed as the parental figures were surrounding me. I couldn't even rely on Sena, who went back to serve barbeque to everyone.

Even though I treated her so well earlier…

They've all abandoned me!

Meanwhile, Megumin's friends were all staring at her in shock.

"T-That Megumin is really wild, huh?!"

"The most surprising part is that she's not a virgin!"

"...It kind of makes you reflect on your own life, huh?"

Funifura, Dodonko and Arue said, while Yunyun ushered them away.

"Let's not get involved in this…"

"Yunyun, you're not off the hook. Give us details!"

"...! This is 'girl talk', right?! Very well, I'll share everything!"

That girl was really planning to yap about all our intimate moments?!

Things were complicated enough as it was!

Before I could stop her, though, Hyoizaburo-san said,

"Fine, I won't resort to violence! I'm an adult, so I shouldn't beat up a child, anyway."

"As long as you don't harm my son, that's fine. Is there anywhere we can talk in private?"

Upon my dad's request, I made a dungeon door appear. I made it lead to the same room where Sakamoto-san and I talked.

They stared at the interior in shock, although they did see the dungeon doors in effect earlier, so they weren't completely taken off guard.

"D-Dear, look there's treats over here!"

"We can grab as many as we like, right?!"

Even though they were well to do now, I guess old habits die hard.

I was about to close the door, but…

"Wait, I wanna see what all this baby talk is about! Am I gonna be an auntie?!"

Komekko tried to join the meeting.

"...Komekko, this is grown up talk, so please enjoy some barbeque… Actually, maybe we can bring some barbeque here with us while we talk?"

Hypozaburo-san said while drooling.

Komekko raised her hand.

"If I bring barbeque, can I join?"

"Ah, then bring enough plates for everyone…"

My father shook his head.

"I'm sorry… Um, Komekko-chan, but this really is for adults only."

He paused a bit before saying her name. It was weird, after all.

Komekko finally gave up, or more like she wanted to start eating the barbeque and didn't have time to argue.

The golem hostess came out to bring us tea and snacks. Once the tea was served, and I had to explain the golems once more, I sat across the table from my parents, with Megumin beside me.

…This did seem like a marriage interview.

We weren't wearing full on kimonos, but the settings and our traditional clothes added to the feeling.

"First of all, I don't think we need to say this, but having a baby while you're still in high school is a bad idea!"

Hyoizaburo-san said, to which I nodded.

"I do realize that, Hyoizaburo-san, but that only applies to normal circumstances."

"You think that all this supernatural stuff going on makes it OK for you to impregnate my daughter?!"

"Dad at least let him talk."

Megumin said. He turned to her next.

"I also expect you to explain yourself, young lady!"

"What's there to explain? I fell in love with Kazuma and I know he'll be a great father."

"...!!!"

I started blushing, not expecting Megumin to be this straightforward. She was putting on a brave face at the start but started blushing as well, especially as her parents stared at her.

"Ah, geez… Kazuma, you have to say something equally embarrassing!"

She was trying to split the embarrassment?

"Um, well… I also love Megumin… We've been through a lot and she's helped me with a lot."

My mom slowly shook her head.

"You're still teenagers. How can you be sure you actually love each other? And Megumin-chan, are you really fine with my son having all these girls?! If you love him, you'd want him for yourself, right?!"

Megumin nodded in understanding.

"Of course, at the start I wanted him for myself. I'm not the type to share, really. But… I want the others to be happy. I realize that now."

"Still, even if you want the others to be happy… What if you come to regret it later?"

"The only thing I'll regret is if I don't do this. Like Kazuma said, we'll never know what happens during this war."

"Even so…"

Yuiyui-san clapped her hands together, making everyone's eyes turn to her.

"I'm not saying that we should delay this conversation, but perhaps we should take some time to consider this."

My dad's eyes widened.

"Yuiyui-san, you can't be serious. This isn't even something we should consider."

"We're not dealing with ordinary circumstances here. At the very least, we should try to absorb all the new information first. After all, isn't the matter of the Demon King more pressing than our concerns over their pregnancy plans?"

"I guess… That's true. We should cool our heads off a bit."

Thank you, Yuiyui-san…!!!

You sure saved my ass.

I hurriedly stood up.

"For now, we should head back and enjoy the fireworks show. I'm willing to talk about this later."

"Why are you saying that as if you have a choice, Kazuma?! We will talk about this later, young man!"

I guess I wasn't in the clear yet.

Part 5

"Sorry about my dad, Kazuma."

Megumin apologized to me when we stepped out of the dungeon room.

"No, it's perfectly normal for a father to be concerned about that."

"He's only acting this way because we're financially secure now. Back when we were poor, he wouldn't have complained much."

I could see that coming.

Still, I was glad that her parents were secure enough that they could actually act like normal parents.

Back then, I could have probably just flashed my bank account and Hyoizaburo-san would ask me what we were planning to name the child.

When we reconvened with the others, I saw everyone split off into their own groups, with at least one app-user doing some explanations of their own.

Among all those explaining, Lia was the least experienced app-user, so I went over to her as she was trying to answer the Axel Hearts' questions.

Erika noticed me first and gave me a smile. She said,

"You're oddly composed for someone who just changed everyone's lives here."

"So are you for having your life changed so drastically."

She shrugged.

"It's better than panicking. I'll probably start freaking out once I get home and finally digest everything, though."

Cielo met my gaze, and to her credit, she held it for a few seconds before looking away.

"...I'm not taking it as well as her. Are there actually scary things out there like monsters and demons?!"

"Yeah, but they're not all evil. My daughter is a monster."

Lia giggled.

"You know, Kazuma, saying things like that won't make Cielo feel safer. The fireworks show is starting, why don't we just focus on that for now?"

I nodded, seeing that everyone could use a break from all the explaining.

From what I could hear, it was much less about explaining and more about reassurances.

I saw that the one explaining things to Ame was Rin. Since Ame didn't come in a group, Rin took it upon herself to orient her. I gave Rin an appreciative look. She winked back.

I also gave Ame a look that promised I'd have my own discussion with her later. But for now, I clapped my hands and got everyone's attention.

"OK, I realized that you're probably still shocked by now…"

"And whose fault is that?!"

Kazuto yelled.

"...But for now we should just relax and take our minds off things…"

"As if we can do that, dummy!"

This kid needs to shut up!

While I was talking, the first firework went into the sky.

Kazuto finally shut up as he was instantly mesmerized.

I guess he's just a kid at the end of the day.

Some people took seats in the blankets Sena prepared, but I opted to stand behind to get a good view of everyone.

Rather than the fireworks themselves, I wanted to ingrain this image of everyone in my mind.

After all those years of isolation, I'd never take moments like this for granted.

Moments where I feel like I'm actually a part of something, rather than a lonely existence just barely managing to hold himself together.

Back then I would insult events like this, saying that it was a waste of time.

I'd hear the fireworks from outside my window during a guild raid and scoff.

'Those peasants sure like wasting their time!'

It's obvious now, but I was just trying to protect my own ego.

If there's anyone who's ever been in that place, they would know what I mean.

"Whatcha thinking about?"

I looked beside me and saw Lia.

I was captivated by the way the fireworks were reflected in her hair. Deep purple, red and orange flashed in her hair and made her eyes sparkle.

It looked like she took off her disguise. No one noticed her yet, as they were focused on the fireworks.

She probably didn't mind sharing her secret with everyone here, though, considering what I revealed.

"I guess I'm just appreciating the moment."

"I get what you mean. This really does feel like the calm before the storm, huh?"

I nodded.

Things were gonna get crazier from here on.

For the first time, I finally had a lead on Wiz.

I didn't want to let her go again. As soon as Dust finds her, I'll stop everything and come find her.

Lia held my hand.

"Don't worry, Kazuma. I'll protect you."

I chuckled.

"Shouldn't I be the one saying that?"

She shook her head.

"I'll protect your happiness. Even if you're powerful, there are times where you'll feel despair because of that power, and the burdens that come with it."

I blinked, not expecting her to say such a thing. Eventually, I got over the shock and grinned.

"Does that mean you'll join my harem?"

"Oh, no. This and that are different things. I'm still gonna get you for myself."

I gave her a sad smile.

"Sorry. That's not gonna happen."

I felt a pit in my stomach. It wouldn't surprise me if Lia decided to end things here and there.

After all, even if she wanted to protect me, she could do so as just a friend.

But I'm sticking to my convictions no matter what.

She just smiled and said,

"I won't give up."

Then she leaned in to kiss me.

The fireworks reached its climax in the background.

Part 6

When the fireworks finished, I approached Kuroko, who I hadn't had a chance to speak with yet after the reveal.

"Hey, how are you holding up?"

She glanced at her dad, who went to talk to my parents.

"Well, this is a lot to take in."

"Sorry, it must have been quite a shock."

"What's more surprising is that my dad is involved in this whole thing."

"...Do you blame him for not telling you?"

"I guess I can't really blame him… I'll need a while to take this all in, though."

"Don't worry. I'll be there for you every step of the way."

"Aww, you're so sweet!"

She gave me a hug, which immediately earned Sakamoto-san's attention.

However, instead of making a big deal out of it, he understood that I was only comforting Kuroko and didn't say anything.

Still, I excused myself from Kuroko to avoid a confrontation.

"Hey, Kazuma, I wanted to talk to you about something."

Chris said, once I finished talking to Kuroko.

"What's up?"

"You mentioned a plan to reset your levels… I just want to warn you that you'll lose your Hero class if you do that."

"...Eh?"

"Well, resetting your levels will reset your skill points, stats and classes, too…"

"Won't heaven just grant me the Hero class again?"

"I'm sorry to say this, but my superiors really don't like you… Rather, they're just barely able to tolerate you right now. If you do something crazy like reset your levels, they might not give you the Hero class anymore and award it to someone else."

"What?! Are they stupid?!"

"S-Shhh! They can hear you!"

"Who do they think is defeating all these Demon King generals?! Those other app-users are doing jack shit! Let me speak to your superiors now! I've been dying to give them a piece of my mind!"

"Kazuma-kun, you know I can't just… Hold on a second…"

Her eyes went blank. A few seconds later, she looked at me with surprise.

"O-One of my superiors is willing to grant you an audience!"

"Good! I wanna talk to them right now!"

Suddenly, a door appeared in front of us.

The others noticed and gathered around the door.

"Kazuma-san, what's this?"

Yunyun said curiously.

"Aqua and Chris's superiors wanna talk to me about my level reset plan."

Aqua sighed and shook her head.

"This is what you deserve for always going against the gods, Kazuma. I bet they'll scold you for mistreating me, too."

She always has to make everything about herself.

I headed into the door with Chris.

When we stepped in, Chris had changed back into her Eris form.

"Hoh! It's been a while, Eris-sama…"

I leered at her, instantly getting aroused when I saw Chris in her Eris form.

"W-Why are you looking at me like that…"

"Oh, come on, you know why. Hey, before the meeting do you think we could…"

"That's a bad idea!"

I noticed that the angel from before was in the room. She said,

"Good work! I like your progress with Lia!"

That's right. This angel, and her coworkers apparently, were shipping me with Lia.

"Can you stop spying on me already…?"

Her face went blank.

"...If we don't watch interesting humans like you, we'll go insane from boredom."

I guess there wasn't much to do in this realm. Even Eris-sama was bored and resorted to watching humans for entertainment.

"There's also no men among the goddesses or angels for some reason, so I can't even have fun with that. I'm bored of lesbian sex with the other angels, too."

"...?!"

She said that so suddenly that I got caught off guard.

I turned to Eris.

"Did you ever…"

"Of course not! We'll be late for the meeting, so let's go!"

As we were leaving, the angel said to me,

"If you're ever interested, you know where to find me!"

She said with a wink.

So not only was she a stalker and shipper, she was also sex-crazed, huh?

Eris dragged me away to another door.

Once she opened it, we went inside a similar space.

However, there was no furniture or even a chair like in the previous space.

"...Please take off your shoes before stepping foot in my realm."

I looked up and saw what appeared to be a young girl.

The young girl was standing with her arms crossed. There was an imperious look in her eyes as she studied me.

She had light green hair that was cut above the shoulders and blue eyes. She wore a material like Aqua's hagoromo, but hers was shaped like a floating infinity sign that looped around her shoulders. Like Eris, she wore an outfit that was like a nun's habit, except she didn't wear a veil. Instead there was an ornament on her head shaped like a dove.

"I-I'm sorry, Kirin-sama! Kazuma, take off your shoes!"

I put my shoes in my inventory, thinking it was just a respect thing, but this goddess named Kirin suddenly came up to us with a bottle and sprayed alcohol.

"Agh! What the hell?"

"Hell?! You dare mention the accursed Hell in front of me?!"

"Oi, Eris-sama, is this your higher-up's kid, or something? It's quite unprofessional to have your kid at the workplace…"

"K-Kid…?! Why, you…!"

"K-Kirin-sama, just a moment, please!"

Eris-sama pulled me aside and whispered,

"Kazuma-kun, this is the goddess of purity, Kirin! She looks like that because she rules over the aspects of Purity and Youth… But in truth, she is likely older than time itself!"

That might also explain why she was telling us to take off our shoes and spraying us with alcohol.

The aspect of Purity made her a clean freak, huh?

She uncrossed her arms and pointed a finger accusingly at me.

"So you're Satou Kazuma… The infamous rule breaker! Grrr… I should thoroughly discipline you, you know?!"

And so, my first meeting with one of Aqua and Eris's higher ups started off pretty badly.

Part 7

"So, Kirin-sama… I was wondering if you would actually take away my Hero class if I reset my levels…"

"Yes, I will."

She cut straight to the point.

"Ehh… Come on… Do you really hate me that much?"

"Of course I do! You broke so many of our rules!"

"Can't you make an exception for me?"

She gave me an offended look.

"...Why would that thought even occur to you… Does your arrogance not know any limits?!"

"Your height certainly knows a limit…"

"Wah?!"

I went over to her and started rubbing her head. Eris-sama gasped from the shock while Kirin-sama went stiff at the contact.

"So cute and so small! Do you want a treat?"

"Y-You… Unhand me! And back off! You stink so much! Phew! It must be because you're always around devils like that Arch-Duke of Hell and that succubus… Yuck!"

She suddenly pushed me off while covering her nose.

"...Do you goddesses really hate devils and demons that much?"

"Of course we do! They're unclean and impure! What's there to like?!"

Well, I guess as the goddess of purity, she would say that.

And Eris-sama was also nodding along.

Perhaps the goddesses' hate for all things devil stemmed from Kirin-sama?

But I could use this to my advantage.

"Kirin-sama, with how much you hate devils and demons, why aren't you giving me any special privileges?"

"...What do you mean by that?"

"I mean, I've defeated several Demon King generals already, yet you're giving me a permadeath status, and now you're even threatening to remove my Hero class? What's up with that? I'm your closest chance to defeating the Demon King, you know?!"

"No, you're completely out of line! You're just lucky that we haven't stripped you off your app-user privileges entirely! Coming back to the world of the living as a spirit and repossessing your body… You really think we'll forgive you for that?!"

I guess I really did break a very important rule to the goddesses.

Not like I had a choice.

Still, I guess that excuse wouldn't fly to Kirin-sama.

"Tch… All these rules are so stupid… No wonder the Demon King was able to invade the otherworld…"

"What did you say?! If it weren't for us goddesses, all manner of evil beings would have invaded much of the multiverse already! We're doing all we can while still following the rules!"

"And if it weren't for these rules, you wouldn't need to rely on such indirect means to fight those evil beings!"

"If you don't like it, then become a god yourself!"

She said that with a challenging smirk.

What a stubborn loli goddess…!

Eris-sama sensed that I was close to saying something that would probably make the situation worse. She said,

"I-I'm sorry about Kazuma-kun, Kirin-sama! I'll make sure to thoroughly lecture him!"

"...Are you sure about that, Eris? Won't you just do some naughty things with this boy once you're alone?"

"Gah?!"

Kirin-sama narrowed her eyes suspiciously at Eris-sama. I said,

"For a goddess of purity… You sure are a pervert, spying on us like that…"

"How dare you! I see all! It's not my fault that I can see what you're doing on a daily basis!"

She didn't even seem embarrassed. I guess she was telling the truth.

If so, then I'm the one who's embarrassed!

"Oh, so you do feel shame! Having carnal relations with a succubus and even a dark goddess! Kiii! You're just lucky we're not damning your soul to limbo!"

It seems that I really can't convince the higher ups.

"...If you didn't plan on letting me off, then why'd you agree to meet me?"

"I just wanted to scold you! Be a good boy from now on, got it?!"

Calling me all the way here just to scold me…

Even though she looks like a loli I guess she really is an old lady!

Seeing that we were getting nowhere, Eris-sama pulled me back.

"K-Kirin-sama… Perhaps it's time for us to leave… We don't want to take up any more of your precious time."

"...Fine. Young man, you better not break any rules from now on! And stop calling me a kid already! Bleh!"

She called me a young man but stuck her tongue out childishly at the end.

Eris-sama then hurriedly took me out of Kirin-sama's realm.

Part 8

"Ah… That went horribly… Well, I should have expected it…"

Eris-sama said, as she took me back to her realm.

"You expected me to fail, huh? How sad."

"I mean, can you blame me… Eeep!"

She let out a startled yelp when I embraced her from behind.

"K-Kazuma-kun, what are you…"

"Did you really think I'd come back without doing you in your Eris-sama form?"

I pressed my hard on against her ass, rubbing it against her nun habit, to let her know how aroused I was.

"...?! Kazuma-kun, you're just proving Kirin-sama's point!"

"So? If she's watching right now, then let's give that brat a show…"

For the moment of truth…

I reached around and cupped Eris-sama's big breasts.

Were they actually padded or not?

I gave it a few gropes.

It did feel soft, but…

Yeah, there was an unnatural feeling to them.

"...So Aqua was right after all…"

Eris-sama does pad her breasts.

Her face went completely red, the blush going up to her ears.

"G-Geez…! OK, you proved your point already!"

Instead of backing off, I kept groping her, feeling the material of the stuffed bra. Even through the thick material, Eris-sama still gasped, as I made the material rub against her sensitive nipples.

"Why are you even stuffing your breasts? Even if you don't use such methods, you're extremely beautiful."

She somehow blushed even harder at that.

"W-Well, for some reason, a rumor was going around with my followers that I have big breasts… I didn't want to disappoint them when they died and passed on to heaven! Can you imagine being disappointed when meeting your god?!"

I guess that did make sense.

Although I wouldn't be disappointed at all.

"Listen, Eris-sama… If there is someone who is disappointed with a flat chest, then they are simply uncultured…"

Especially if it's a gap moe effect like you expect someone to have big breasts, but they are actually flat-chested.

And to further add to that effect…

This cute girl was even trying to cover up her insecurities.

"Ahh… You're way too cute… OK, I'll fuck you now."

"Hold on a second…! Mnn!"

I started rubbing her 'breasts' roughly, knowing that they were fake. But all the rubbing made the material grind pleasantly against her nipples, making Eris-sama instinctively press against me.

"Kazuma-kun, you promised me you wouldn't tease me so much!"

"I'm not teasing you, am I? If I were teasing you, I'd say that you enjoyed having men check out your figure, even if it was fake… And that you've become a slutty little attention whore… But I didn't say that."

"You did now! And doing this in my realm is…"

"...Am I gonna get smited if I have sex with you here?"

"No, not really… But it's still weird! I'm meant to be a goddess, after all!"

"It's not like you're the goddess of purity, so why are you concerned about that? In fact, as the goddess of luck, it's only natural that you're gonna get lucky…"

"What a bad pun…"

"Hmm… Tell you what. If you can calm down my arousal, I'll let you off with a simple handjob."

"Are we going back to this again?!"

With that said…

Eris-sama still ended up on her knees.

I started unbuckling my belt in front of her.

"Ah… Having Eris-sama stare up at me while I undress… This is way too good!"

"You're enjoying this too much, Kazuma-kun…"

I whipped my cock out. I was so hard that it was a dark red and it was twitching and already leaking precum. She stared at the cock that she's gotten familiar with lately, then reached up and started to touch it.

"Ohh! Eris-sama's hands…! It's so different!"

"They haven't changed!"

Truthfully, aside from her hair being longer, this was still Chris.

Although Eris-sama did seem more ladylike, there was this added layer of divine beauty that elevated her features.

I watched as she started jerking me off.

"Mnn… I wanna cum all over your pretty face…"

"D-Do you really need to say that?"

"Don't act like you didn't like it."

I say, placing my hand on her chin to bring up her face, admiring her beautiful, blushing expression.

I stared into her blue eyes while her hand went up and down my shaft. I didn't know if it was because this was her true goddess body, but even a simple handjob was pushing me to my limits already.

She sensed this and pumped me faster, using both hands this time.

Instead of teasing her, I gave her a sincere smile.

"Thanks, Eris-sama… You're so considerate…"

"...?! You can't just go from mean to kind! It's messing me up! Also… You don't have to keep saying '-sama'..."

"But it makes it hotter… It really drives the fact that a goddess is jerking me off."

"You're fetishizing my divinity?! Kazuma-kun, that's…!"

"Ah, I'm gonna cum…"

She stopped talking and focused on her task, as I was nearing my climax.

"Stick your tongue out, Eris."

"...!!!"

Her eyes widened as I made the same command.

Then, just like my first sexual encounter with the thief named Chris.

The goddess named Eris opened her mouth and stuck her little tongue out.

"Hnnnghhh!"

I made sure to spray all over that perfect face of hers, before aiming right on her tongue.

"Ahhh… You're so perverted, Eris… Catching all my cum with your tongue out like that…"

She blushed but didn't argue this time.

I guess she just accepted it.

Just like how she accepted my cum.

Part 9

I watched as Eris put her hands on her chair and shyly bent over. Her nun habit was still on. I thought about stripping her naked, but I also wanted to try fucking her in those holy garments of hers. It added to the thrill, if you ask me. Besides, we could always just return to her realm and try all sorts of things. Teleporting back and forth using a mark to have sex with Eris-sama… What an ingenious plan!

In fact, I was convinced that this was the best use of teleportation I've ever thought of!

I hiked up Eris's long robes and was greeted by the sight of pure, white panties. I immediately buried my face on her backside.

"What are you doing?!"

She tried to back away, but I gripped her thighs and kept her in place.

"I've always wondered what Eris smells like… Hmm… I don't know if it's because you're a goddess, but this smells heavenly… It smells like flowers somehow. Even though you're wearing such thick clothing, you never sweat in this form, huh? That's interesting."

"What are you say… innnghh?! Mnn!"

I slipped her panties to the side and gave her pussy lips a lick.

I then yanked her panties completely down to her ankles and continued attacking her sensitive pussy. She moaned as I lashed my tongue, making my way inside. She tasted really good, too. She was getting so wet that it was hard to believe she was actually a goddess. She seemed more like a succubus like Rorisa.

Once she was more than wet enough, I couldn't hold back anymore. I took my cock and pressed it against her entrance.

"W-Wait! Um… This body is fundamentally different so… That is to say, I'm still a virgin in this body!"

"...What an amazing concept. OK, let's go with this play."

"It's not a play! I'm serious! Please be gentle!"

…I get to deflower her all over again?

This is way too good!

Upon hearing this, I took my time. While holding my cock, I slowly found purchase inside. Once I felt her hymen, I waited for her breathing to settle. Then I pushed forward, piercing through her innocence. Eris let out a gasp, before shuddering from the momentary sting. Divine blood poured down her thighs. I swept her robes forward, making sure they didn't stain. Drops of blood fell on the pristine, white floor.

Immediately, I was hit by the mind-blowing sensations of a goddess's pussy. No, this was incomparable to the ones I had before. Because I was with Eris in her true form, in her divine realm, no less, her divinity was at full blast. The closest I've felt to this was with Regina-sama, but even then, her divinity was nowhere near Eris's. It was actually overwhelming.

"Ahhh!"

I let out a moan of disbelief as my vision was starting to fade. It felt like my soul was being sucked out of me!

I had to pull out for a second to get my bearings. There was already precum running down her perky ass. Seeing that sight, I couldn't help but rub my cock between her ass cheeks. The soft, supple feeling of her flawless skin was too much for me.

I ended up prematurely cumming all over her ass.

"...Kazuma-kun?"

Eris-sama said in confusion, when she felt heat dripping down her skin.

"S-Sorry… Just had to get a shot off."

My erection didn't even go down. Maybe cumming twice now will help me last. I slipped inside her again. The moan she gave me nearly drove me over the edge again, not to mention the sight of her skin dripping with my cum. I was really defiling a goddess! A real goddess! That made me enter a state of lust I've never felt before.

I gripped her waist possessively as I started thrusting. Each thrust felt like all of the pleasures of the world were piling inside me. It was incredible. Her sweet moans and the way she looked back with those blue eyes of hers was just an unfair combo.

"Kazuma-kun… Mnnn!"

I leaned down and took her chin, kissing her, while my other hand crept up to grope those padded breasts of hers.

"Ahh… Ahhh! Hnnnghh!"

Fortunately for my ego, Eris managed to cum.

I followed soon after, filling her up as she trembled around me.

Ah… That's dangerous.

I felt like I was about to lose consciousness from how good that felt.

"...I feel like taking a nap."

I said, as I slouched against Eris's back. She chuckled.

"We should head back to the others, though…"

"Tch…"

"Don't make that sound like a bad thing!"

I let her go and watched as Eris smoothed her dress.

"Alright, I'm ready."

"Not even gonna clean up?"

"I'll be cleaned up once I change forms…"

"...You're surprisingly lazy, aren't you, Eris?"

"Sorry for disillusioning you…"

The goddess of luck Eris-sama might not have been the orthodox main heroine I expected.

She was a closet pervert, a tomboy at heart and pads her breasts.

But, quite frankly, I loved her more than ever like this.

Sleeping with the goddess of luck has raised your luck by +10!
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Bloodzone15, kinggamerlite29, 1SOGGYBOI and 84 others
BoringBone
May 17, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 80: Divine Loot From This Slime! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
May 31, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,803
Chapter 80: Divine Loot From This Slime!

Part 1

Eris and I left her realm together.

"That damn loli goddess! Why is she so strict!"

When she heard me complaining, Aqua said,

"Hm? Which goddess did you meet with?"

"It was Kirin-sama."

Eris, who was back to her Chris form, responded.

"Eh? But Kirin-sama isn't strict… She's pretty lenient with me!"

Come to think of it, a lot of Aqua's requests get granted by heaven, including the idea to reincarnate people into the otherworld at the start, as well as making the app system and distributing divine items.

Chris leaned over to explain to me.

"Aqua-sama is treated like a 'special child' in heaven, so her whims are usually granted without much resistance…"

So they felt bad for her, huh?

I guess this special treatment had its limits, as they were quick to get rid of her when they had a chance.

That meant dumping their 'special child' over to me, though.

I was sure the others still had many questions, but it was already getting late. Komekko was already falling asleep, and Sakamoto-san was telling Kuroko that it's time for her curfew.

Be careful, Sakamoto-san. If you coddle her too much, she might rebel and do all kinds of naughty things behind your back.

Well, I guess she was already doing that.

I faced everyone and reminded them that we would start training tomorrow.

That was when I'd experiment with unlocking their potential.

"Tommorow is when the Crimson Flame in me awakens… I see…"

Arue said while mysteriously posing.

I created dungeon doors for everyone to get home quickly. I noticed that my parents stayed behind though.

"Kazuma… Just be careful, OK?"

My dad said worriedly.

"And don't forget, our discussion about your future isn't over."

My mom said, reminding me that I wasn't in the clear yet.

Meanwhile, I saw Hyoizaburo-san talking to Megumin.

"Megumin, perhaps you should stay with us for now…"

Was he trying to keep his daughter away from my clutches?

Megumin raised a brow.

"What if the team needs me? I need to be there in case of an emergency."

"Argh… I-I guess…"

He came to his senses but managed to shoot me a warning glare.

Well, out of respect to Hyoizaburuo-san, maybe I shouldn't do anything naughty with Megumin tonight.

I was pretty tired from all the revelations, anyway, so maybe I wouldn't actually do anything with the girls.

Not to mention that having sex with Sena and then Eris practically drained me of everything I had.

…

…

The next day, around lunchtime, everyone who could make it arrived at the floor I prepared in my personal dungeon.

Fio and Cremea would arrive later due to different time zones, while there were schedule conflicts with the Axel Hearts girls.

Ame and Kuroko would also arrive at a later time, as Ame had club activities.

Meanwhile, Kuroko said she couldn't sleep from the revelations last night.

As such, the only ones who could make it at the start were Megumin's friends, her family and my parents.

Unlike the main dungeon, I made sure to make the environments look a lot less frightening. In fact, I almost made it look like more of an arcade than a dungeon.

"First of all, everyone wear these shirts."

I said, handing the legendary grade clothing out.

Since we had been delving into the high-level floors of the main dungeon, I had enough material to make legendary clothing.

Thanks to these clothing, it should theoretically raise their potential by 50. Still, it wasn't guaranteed that it'd actually do anything. 0.001 x 50 is still only 0.05.

As for how I planned to have them gain EXP to even reach level 1, I created golems for them.

"Ahh, that's cute!"

Komekko was excited by the giant teddy bear. Of course, this was a golem.

I handed her a baseball bat.

"Go, child, beat it up."

"OK~! Hiyaa!"

Even though she found it cute, Komekko didn't hesitate at all to beat up the big bear.

This bat was of course an item made by [Smithing].

I already damaged the high-level golem so that it would die after 1 damage, and Komekko's attack did just that. The golem acted out an exaggerated defeat scene before crumbling.

There was no change. I guess it wouldn't be that simple.

"In any case, that's how this works. You beat up monsters and gain EXP from them."

I handed the bat over to the next in line, which was Yuiyui-san.

"Ei!"

She also managed to bring down a golem.

One by one, they took turns.

"Face my almighty world ending cleave!"

Some with more dramatics than others.

"...Hm? My phone is ringing."

The first one to unlock her potential was Arue.

I guess, out of all those with no potential, she would be the one to do it.

"Good work, Arue. You can move on to the next stage now, Megumin will be there to instruct you."

This was a multi-floor training compound.

If they unlocked their potential, then they would need to learn how to fight. Then we'd hook them up to the golem trap EXP farm to instantly raise their levels. There was also a break area and even an onsen. I didn't spare any expense in creating this.

There were also going to be meals served, cooked by my clones. This would raise their stats. Of course, I wouldn't tell them that they were made from monster meat…

This was for their sake, so it's fine to trick them a little.

"H-Hiyaaah!"

I cringed as I saw my mother swinging the bat, only to miss hitting the golem.

"Are… I guess I messed up…"

She tried to be cutesy and stuck her tongue out.

Gyaaa! This is what I was afraid of!!!

Due to the excitement of her environment, she was getting hyped up. And for some reason, that meant that she was acting twenty years younger than she was.

My dad went around her and put his hands around her.

"I'll show you how to do it, dear…"

"Fufun… Go ahead and show me how to handle this big bat… Like you always do…"

And now they were flirting, too!

"Hey, nii-san… I gotta step out for a bit."

Kazuto was also embarrassed and wanted to leave.

I understood his pain and let him leave while our parents were hitting the golems.

Part 2

"Kyouya-kun… Do I hit it like this…?"

"Yeah, just like that Cremea-chan~!"

"Ahh, can you help me, Kyouya-kun…?"

"Right away, Fio-chan~!"

Later on, Fio and Cremea came to do the training as well. I let Mitsurugi handle their instruction.

Meanwhile, I supervised the Axel Hearts when they arrived.

"This is kinda fun!"

Erika said, while beating up golems like it was a game of whack-a-mole.

I designed the activities to be fun so they wouldn't be a grind. Not everyone enjoyed that after all.

"E-Eiii!"

I watched as Cielo cutely tried to hit the golems.

Watching my fav idol group like this is so nice…

As for my oshi, Lia was just there to give her friends support.

"Keep it up you two. But make sure to hydrate. Treat this like our dance practices."

"Yes, leader!"

She sure was reliable.

Ame arrived with Kuroko at around the same time.

Ame, being an athlete, was very energetic.

I watched her twintails bouncing as she hit the golems one by one.

"Am I doing good, Kazuma?"

"As expected of my childhood friend!"

Meanwhile, the gamer girl Kuroko was struggling.

"Hahh… Hahh… Do we really have to keep hitting these things?"

She said while wiping the sweat off her brow.

"It'll get a lot easier if you unlock the app."

"But it's not guaranteed, right? It's like being stuck in a gacha hell all over again!"

She did seem like the type who'd blow all her money on gacha.

I went to Terada-senpai and Mio-san, who I had to tell about the dungeon later.

The reason being they mysteriously disappeared last night.

I can only imagine what they were up to.

"Ah, Mio-san… Let me help you with that…"

"Oh, sure thing…"

They gave each other sly smiles as Terada-senpai helped Mio-san with her form.

Like Mitsurugi and co., they took the chance to flirt.

"Oi, this is supposed to be training, you know?"

I found it cute how they separated as soon as I said that.

"A-Ah, Satou-kun… I was just instructing Mio-san here."

He was too unconvincing.

"How are you two holding up?"

I asked, as they didn't have as much time as the others, who at least had a night to process things.

Mio-san frowned and said,

"To be honest, I still have a hard time believing this is all real… But then we had breakfast in Spain this morning…"

"Thanks for treating us by the way, Satou-kun."

I explained it to them over breakfast in a famous cafe in Spain.

While stuffing their faces with food, they listened attentively to my situation.

"You know, I did find it strange how Lalatina-kun and everyone was able to improve so quickly…"

I felt a pang of guilt when Terada-senpai said that.

He was the only one in the club who didn't know about the app.

He was graceful about it, but it must have felt bad to see everyone seeing such fast improvements. He must have felt like he was being left behind.

"I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner, Terada-senpai."

He was surprised when I bowed to him.

"Oh, I'm not blaming you, Satou-kun! I'm just thankful that you've given me a chance to protect Mio-san… I-I mean all my loved ones… N-Not to say that she's my loved one!"

"I'm not?!"

"You are! Just as a friend!"

"A friend, huh?"

"M-Mio-san, Satou-kun is…"

"...! Oh, right. Yeah, just a friend."

Are these two still keeping this charade up?

I owed him so I pretended to be dumb for Terada-senpai's sake.

"Wow, you two sure get along."

I said tonelessly.

It was such a bad lie that my Cunning didn't even go up.

…

…

The first day of the training yielded fairly successful results.

Arue managed to become an app-user.

And unfortunately, my parents did as well, along with Yuiyui-san.

To think they would be among the first batch.

Not only that but they were becoming even more embarrassing somehow.

"Oh…! Dear, look at this! It says that my attractiveness is 75! That's quite good, isn't it?!"

Since I told everyone that 50 was the average of a human, my mom got a big head when she saw that her attractiveness put her on the upper tier of humanity.

…Well, I guess I didn't really notice it, but I guess she'd be considered attractive.

"Fufun… You're a 1000 in my book, though?"

"Oh, my!"

Gaahhh!!!

Stop it already, you two!

"Yuiyui-san, what's your score?"

My mom asked Yuiyui-san curiously, who smiled and showed my mom her screen.

"85?!!!"

Well, Yuiyui-san could have been a model or actress if she wanted.

It's still a mystery how Hyoizaburo-san managed to bag her.

I was wondering that until I saw his Charisma score.

It was 90.

Come to think of it, that's as high as my Luck was when I started, right?!

"He's always been popular with girls… I had to fight off quite a few back in the day."

Yuiyui-san giggled as she hugged Hyoizaburo-san's arm. He just shrugged.

"Charisma… It can't be used to protect my family, so it's not a big deal."
…I guess that line was kind of cool.

Thankfully, being outshone by a superior couple made my parents stop flirting for now.

"Make it stop, make it stop…"

Kazuto was huddled in the corner, rocking back and forth.

If it was embarrassing for me, for a kid like him, seeing his parents act like this was a thousand times more painful.

I guess that was why Megumin chose to station herself on the second floor.

Well, Yuiyui-san was an app-user now, so she'd have to deal with her the next day.

Good luck, Megumin.

She also had to deal with my parents now.

And that also meant I got a much needed break from them.

I looked at the final participant of the first floor to arrive.

Since she had a busy schedule, Sena could only arrive at the end.

That's right, I also asked her to try her hand at this.

She gave me an embarrassed look when we made eye-contact.

"G-Good afternoon, Satou-kun…"

Acting so shy…

How cute.

But she was acting too obvious about it.

I made sure not to tease her too much, having mercy on this innocent woman.

Part 3

"All that effort and I couldn't even unlock the app…"

Funifura bemoaned as she sipped her smoothie.

I also sipped mine.

You gained +1 Stamina!

It's been a while since I received this weekly bonus.

I was just too busy to make use of it, truth be told.

I was treating them to smoothies after the rookies finished their training.

As for those who came, it was Megumin and her friends, Kuroko, as well as Mitsurugi and his girls.

The rest had something else to do or went home.

"I always thought you had potential, Arue."

Megumin said, nodding approvingly.

"Fufun… To think you would some day become my master, Megumin. Perhaps this is the residual fate of our former lives…"

"Indeed…"

Dodonko took out her phone and was about to take a picture, but Megumin stopped her.

"Better not. Yunyun will see it and fall into a spiral."

Since Yunyun didn't have a role for the rookie training, she wasn't present.

Dodonko set her phone down.

"I could see that happening… Rather, Yurimin really is concerned about her lover, huh~? Perhaps that whole thing about getting pregnant is just a hoax to throw people off about your real orientation…"

Megumin's brow twitched.

"You're just jealous that I have a hot highschooler boyfriend, while you spend your afternoons hanging out with Funifura and pretending to hit on guys, when we all know you're too much of a coward to actually do it…"

"...?! You wanna fight, huh?! You can't say those kinda words unless you're willing to fight!"

Kuroko watched this and said,

"Hmm… I don't really know Dodonko and Funifura that well at all, but aren't you two the most 'yuri' here?"

"W-Wah?! What makes you say that, Kuroko-senpai?!"

"T-That's not true at all!"

Kuroko, not even intending to tease them, waved her hands around.

"Ah, sorry if I got that wrong, but you two seem really close, and you two are always calling other people 'yuri'... That kinda struck me as a form of projection. Sorry for assuming!"

"..." x 2.

Those two were struck silent.

It was one thing being teased about it, but having someone actually mistake them for being yuri took the words out of their mouth.

Well, I guess all I can say is that they got a taste of their own medicine. Megumin also seemed to be enjoying this.

Mitsurugi, Cremea and Fio were technically part of our group, but they were off in their own world.

"Hey, Kyouya-kun… Why don't we hit the love hotel after this?"

"Yeah, now that we know about the dungeon doors, we can always visit, right~"

"I guess that's true… But rather than a love hotel, how about I book the best place in the city…"

"Kyaa! Kyouya-kun, you sure spoil us!"

They then proceeded to slip away.

Why did they even bother to come along if they were planning to ditch anyway?

Well, I was happy for him since he could see his girlfriends whenever he wanted now.

Since I sent Cecily off with Dust, I felt a bit bad that he would have to spend the last week of summer without a date.

As with all groups, once one part of it splits off, the rest also start to go away.

Megumin went off to hang out with her friends, meaning I was left with Kuroko.

"It's been a while, so why don't we go on a date?"

She said, with a wink.

"What do you have in mind?"

"Hmm… How about karaoke?"

"Sounds good."

I did go karaoke a couple times, one of them was with Ame. I used to think such activities were worthless back when I was a NEET, but I thought that every activity that didn't involve staring at a screen all day was a waste of time.

We found a karaoke place near the station. It was one of those places where you hardly see any staff inside. Right from ordering your room, to ordering food and extending your time, everything could be ordered from a tablet.

We could hear the faint singing from the other rooms as we settled inside. Kuroko set her purse down on the table before looking through the menu.

"We already had drinks earlier, so how 'bout some food?"

"Sounds good."

As she ordered, I looked at Kuroko.

It's been some time since we last hooked up, but it's always been on my mind.

Of course, she pretty much told me that she was open to doing it again, but I couldn't exactly ask her out with her watchful papa keeping a close eye.

"You said you had trouble sleeping last night. You OK?"

I asked in concern. She was surprised, but gave me an appreciative smile.

"Aww… Thanks for caring, my guild leader."

"You're really calling me that IRL?"

"I mean… There's an IRL Dungeon… Aren't you a real life guild leader now, too?"

"...I never thought about it like that."

I guess our group could be considered a guild.

"What should we call our guild, then?"

"RNGod's Harem."

"You're really gonna call me by my IGN out of the blue, huh, Miss Dark+Angel?"

"What's wrong with that? It's just us here."

She picked up the mic and looked through the song menu.

"Ohh! They' actually have the Myriad Swords theme here!"

The two of us picked up a mic and sang the words by heart.

Kuroko was pretty good. She's probably been to karaoke a lot. Meanwhile, I used Versatile Entertainer to raise my performance.

"You're really good, Kazuma. Is that an app thing?"

"Pretty much."

I told her the truth. There was no sense lying about it just to impress her.

"I wonder if I can do all kinds of things if I unlock the app, too…"

"You're looking forward to it, huh?"

"Yeah, I wanna raise my Attractiveness up. There's no way I'm gonna let two middle aged women outdo me…"

"What's your scare anyway…"

"..."

She went silent and glanced away.

"I'm ashamed to say that it's the same as your mother."

I guess that would make her feel insecure.

What was I supposed to say, though?

It's fine, my mom is pretty hot, so you should be proud.

Hell no.

"...You do look good, though."

"Really?"

She grinned, before leaning in close.

"Yeah. And unlike my mom, you know how to pull aggro away from the DPS and control choke points with AoE spells."

"...Now you're just spoiling me with compliments."

She giggled before placing her hands around my neck. She said,

"We always did get along, didn't we?"

My mind went to all those long hours gaming, chatting.

Back then the whole guild was the world to us. When there was drama, it felt like the end of the world. If someone left the guild or just didn't show up, it felt like they died.

Through it all, Kuroko was still Kuroko. She never played a facade online. She was just as weird, but just as fun to be around.

"Let's continue to get along."

She nodded before going up to her tippy toes for a kiss.

I put my hands on her waist as we deepened the contact. I said,

"Our drink is coming."

"We can sneak a couple kisses in before it does."

She kissed my chin before grinning mischievously. Then she jumped up and wrapped her legs around me.

The move surprised me, but I held onto her.

I lowered myself onto the couch with Kuroko on my lap.

Her hands were all over me as we made out.

She drew back to catch her breath and grinned.

"We finally have the chance to do this again. I've been looking forward to it since the last time, you know?"

"Well, you have quite the stalwart guardian…"

She giggled.

"Papa cares a lot for me, so I don't mind if he's overprotective."

She leaned in for another kiss before drawing back again and smirking.

"Besides, I gotta give you my proper thanks for that rolex you gave me for my birthday…"

Ah, right.

Sakamoto-san had me play along last time, since he didn't have a way to explain how he could afford a Rolex for Kuroko's birthday.

Since she knew about the dungeon now, I said,

"Actually, that was a gift from your pops. He just had me play along."

She paused then sighed.

"Seriously? Ugh, he really gave me such an expensive gift?!"

"...You don't need to worry about that. You guys are actually pretty wealthy now thanks to the dungeon."

"I don't care about that! He works so hard, but he never spends anything on himself! It's always about me…"

I smiled before idly caressing her waist.

"How about you go on a trip with him before summer ends? Even if he's the type who doesn't like to spend money on himself, he wouldn't turn down a chance to splurge on a trip with you."

"Yeah… That does sound good."

She giggled before giving me a big hug.

I let myself enjoy the wholesome moment between us.

We've had so much history as guild members that I wanted the best for her.

While my heart was filled with such wholesome feelings, however…

She started to grind on me.

I got immediately aroused and those wholesome feelings soon went away.

She smirked devilishly.

"The drink's coming any moment now."

"It's not like we're naked. Let's just dry hump a bit, get the foreplay going."

Not like I could say no to that.

I met her grinding, thrusting my hard on through my pants. She was wearing a skirt, so I could feel the dampness through her panties.

"You're already so wet."

"That's just what you do to me, boss."

I put my hands around her ass and gripped them as she bounced on me. I grinded back, thrusting against her.

"The friction feels surprisingly good."
I said, especially as I found a good angle.

"Yeah. I can can feel the shape of your big cock even through your pants… The anticipation is really killing me. Is that upgrade a part of the app, too? Or are you just born hung?"

Now, I could lie, but…

"All natural, baby."

…OK, I did lie.

Your Cunning went up by +5!

Oi, that's too much!

Was it really that big of a lie?!!

I wasn't that small before!

Rather than a Chunchunmaru, it was a Daimaru!

In the middle of the grinding, there was a knock on the door.

We quickly went to get our drinks before continuing.

Part 4

We took a quick sip, but Kuroko was already on my lap again.

Her greedy hands went to the hem of my shirt.

"God, you're actually so hot…"

I could practically see the stars in Kuroko's eyes once she pulled my shirt off.

She was staring at my pecs and abs.

She leaned down to kiss in between my pecs, then trailing kisses on my abs, until she got off my lap and ended up on her knees.

"Can I suck your cock again?"

She asked me while looking up pleadingly.

She was asking me permission as if I would be doing her a great favor for allowing her to service me.

It did feel good to be treated like this, as some kind of king. I wasn't going to deny that.

"You may."

She chuckled when I said this in an imperious voice.

She started to unbuckle my belt, before shifting my pants down.

When my cock popped out and then landed on her forehead, she grinned before giving my shaft a tender kiss.

"You really are so big…"

She gave it a few more kisses, before licking me from the base to the tip. Then she took me into her mouth.

I moaned while watching Kuroko's small mouth fill up with my cock.

She was the first one to give me head, and I never forgot how good it felt. I sifted my hands through her black hair, dyed a pale pink on the inside. The two-toned hair was a fairly recent addition to her look, but she always had a jirai-kei style that suited her really well, not only in terms of looks but also personality.

She was the infamous Dark+Angel who almost tore apart our guild, after all.

The one everyone secretly wanted to hook up with back then.

And now she was on her knees, servicing me.

"Mnn…!"

My hips reflexively bucked as she took me as deep as she could. She held still before pulling out. Her small hand kept jerking me off as she smiled.

"You're so good at that."

I said, making her giggle.

She went down to the undershaft again and gave me long licks, before lifting the shaft up to gain access to my balls. She lovingly gave them kisses as well.

"It's what a stud like you deserves."

"...You're into cock worship, aren't you?"

"Maybe."

She confirmed my suspicions as she took me deep again, all while massaging my balls.

Since she was into that, I played along with it.

"Worship that big cock then, like it's your life's purpose."

I practically saw her eyes light up in arousal, before she moved faster, using her mouth like an onahole to pleasure every inch of my cock.

With each stroke, each time our eyes met, the arousal and pleasure kept building, until I couldn't take it anymore.

"I'm gonna cum…"

"Do it on my face. I want you to mark me."

She stuck her pretty face out. I pulled out and held my cock directly on her face, before marking it with spurts of cum.

"Hnnngh!"

She smiled and didn't move until I was done cumming.

"Damn, that's a lot… Let me take a selfie."

"...Is that really a good idea? What if your dad sees…"

"He'll never look at my phone."

She trusted him that much, huh?

So she took the selfie with cum all over her face.

"Hmm… Next time I want you to film me sucking you off…"

"You into that kinda thing…? Like being filmed and stuff…"

"I just wanna preserve the memory~! Besides, I want to use it as jerk off material when I'm horny."

She's shameless, this one.

That's what made her so interesting, though.

After wiping off her face, she was pulling her panties down. Then she was back on my lap.

"Hmm… We used a condom last time, but… How about we do it raw this time?"

She said, while tantalizingly rubbing her firm little butt on my cock.

"You saying you wanna get pregnant as well?"

"...My dad would kill you if that happened. Well, I just figured that you can pull out in time, what with being a superhero and all."

I guess having a superhuman Speed stat would give me a good pull out game.

"Fine. If it comes down to it, I guess you could take the pill…"

Or I could make a super pill with [Medicine] if I had to.

"Great. Because I wanna feel your cock so bad…"

Who would have the willpower to refuse this?!

Mine was at a superhuman level, and I already crumbled.

We rubbed our naughty bits together a few times, until we finally connected.

"Mnn!"

She held my shoulders as my cock reached her core.

"Ahh… You're such a stud~!"

She held me as I started thrusting upwards. She met my movements head on.

My hands crawled up her shirt. She was wearing a pink hoodie shirt, loose for the warm weather, and also easy to access her modest, perky tits. I wanted to strip her naked, but considering the location, that probably wasn't the best idea. Still, I groped as much of her as possible through her bra, under her shirt.

Speaking of privacy, we had to time it so that once our neighbors took a break from singing, we'd stop so they wouldn't wear the moans. During those moments, Kuroko and I would look at each other and giggle, before going back to humping once the singing started again.

We kept repeating this cycle until Kuroko said,

"I'm gonna cum!"

I gripped her ass and pounded harder, my cock hitting her g-spot at an upwards angle, until she came her brains out.

"Hnnngh!"

I pulled out just in time to cum all over her tummy.

She gave a naughty grin while panting.

"Wanna hit the love hotel after this?"

This girl is insatiable.

Part 5

While the rookies were trying to unlock their potential, as the main dungeon crew we had to maximize ours.

Because that strict loli baba Kirin-sama didn't allow me to reset my levels without losing the Hero class, I needed to raise EXP in the traditional sense.

Doing things properly… I hate it!

If I can't exploit the system then what's the point?!

And so, we picked up where we left off on the 95th floor.

"...Why are there so many paths?"

Megumin said, when we arrived at the floor, only to see from the very start that there were a bunch of openings. Aika-chan said.

"This is to test your individual strength! You see, lots of app-users just get carried by their more powerful teammates, but if you stay as a group, there's no way you can find the right path unless you get lucky…"

"Let's choose this one, then."

"What?!"

I said, once I heard that.

After all, I was extremely lucky.

We didn't need to split up because I knew that I would choose the right path.

"B-But these routes were meant to be explored individually…"

"So what?"

Why should I be expected to do things the 'right way'?

I'm tired of playing by these goddesses stupid rules!

And so, we went through the path I chose.

"[Hand of Aether]!"

Yunyun used the new spell she learned from that spell tome.

A miniature version of the hand made out of gravity appeared and crushed the undead that appeared.

"I wonder if there's more spell tomes related to the Aether element…"

I remarked, as I saw the destructive nature of the attack. There were pulverized skeleton bits on the floor, which the dungeon absorbed.

I mean, this is gravity magic. I couldn't imagine how OP the spells of that field were.

The fact that Yunyun learned it so easily also showed how much of a genius she was in magic.

"[Crystal Prison]!"

I held my hand out to an ogre was trapped within ice.

I also learned from the spell tome I received.

[Crystal Prison] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (30 mp)

Encase the target in a prison of ice. Success of this skill is dependent on your Magic Power (109) against the target's Willpower. If this spell succeeds, it will last for as long as you can concentrate on the spell.

It was a save or suck spell for the enemy. If they had a high Willpower, or high Magic Resistance and other such bonuses, then this would do nothing to them.

But enemies with no such defenses were pretty much trapped in ice for as long as you could focus on the spell.

I then finished off the frozen Ogre with a headshot.

We then each took turns defeating the enemies and gaining as much EXP as possible.

You went up two levels! You are now level 135!

I put a point in Analytic Eye to max it out.

[Analytic Eye] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

You are proficient in discerning illusions. Add +5 to 'Intuition' skill checks against illusions.

Since I didn't invest in Ranger Rank-Up, which this skill belongs to, Rank 5 was its current max level.

I suppose this was enough. I could always just put points into Ranger Rank-Up later, and I wasn't even sure if I was going to have problems with illusion magic or not.

First, I should prioritize the kinds of attacks that are more common.

And so, I put 15 Skill Points into Heat Resistance to max it out.

[Heat Resistance] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Passive Skill

You can endure heat at a superhuman level. When up against magical heat, the success rate of this skill is determined by your 'Willpower' (106). You gain +20 Fire Resistance to attacks using fire and heat.

This skill that I got from destroying my butthole with that spicy curry… I'm glad it was able to develop it so much.

It was worth the sacrifice.

Mitsurugi and I exchanged a look of camaraderie after he maxed his out as well.

Two skill points left.

I decided to put it in the other resistance skill.

[Cold Resistance] Skill Rank: 3, Passive Skill

You can endure the cold more than the average person can. When up against magical cold, the success rate of this skill is determined by your 'Willpower' (106). You gain +2 Cold Resistance to attacks using ice and cold.

After using up my skill points, we kept going up to the boss floor.

"Everyone ready?"

Mitsurugi asked.

When we all nodded, he opened the door.

We came across a desolate plane filled with metallic constructs that had random shapes.

It almost looked like an apocalyptic scenario, if the metal wasn't rusted at all but in perfect condition.

"...The shapes are kinda creepy."

Rin said, as we passed through the random shapes that didn't make any sense.

There were those that looked kind of like metallic trees, but the branches that sprouted out took on confusing patterns like swirls and even cubes.

"What are those things, anyway?"

When I asked, Aika-chan responded.

"These are a type of metal slime that is a dormant variant. Rather than having mobile bodies that gather minerals to feed themselves, these metal slimes passively accumulate materials from the ground."

"You said that the boss of this floor is a Giant Metal Slime, right?"

"That's right! That one is a mobile slime that is extremely powerful… It's body is also entirely made out of Adamantite, so be careful!"

Considering how slimes were apparently one of the most powerful beings, we did need to be careful.

"Megumin, don't hesitate to use explosion this time if we can't defeat it in time."

"Fufu… You don't need to tell me twice."

Considering how high its physical and magical defense supposedly was, there was no use wasting our time if we couldn't take it down.

Along the way, we encountered smaller slimes.

Although these were just mob monsters, they were still very strong.

"Gahh!"

Darkness tanked a metallic tendril from the slimes.

They were transforming their bodies into all sorts of attacks, with whip-like tendrils being their favorite forms.

Since the tendrils were versatile, allowing them to attack, grapple opponents and even transform their entire bodies into whips to slither away like snakes, these slimes had defenses, offense and even mobility.

They could also launch attacks by throwing parts of their body like projectiles.

Oh, they could also split their bodies up to produce smaller copies of themselves.

"These things are too much!"

I said, as [Auto Dodge] barely helped me dodge a whip attack from a slime.

They could even burrow underground and hide themselves, ambushing when you least expect it.

"Everyone, hop on! [Hand of Aether]!"

Yunyun created a hand and had it hover up, while we rode on it, gaining distance from the slimes below.

They tried to launch projectiles at us, but the gravity hand protected us.

"...! Good thinking, Yunyun!"

She blushed at my praise.

"Thank you!"

From our vantage point, we launched attacks at the slimes from below, but they quickly ran away.

"...Can we even defeat these things?"

Chris said doubtfully. I said,

"I don't think we can with how many there are. Their purpose seems to be to just slow us down, so let's just float over them."

And so, ignoring the mobs, Yunyun floated us away as we looked for the boss.

The boss might be technically easier to deal with since there was only one of it.

But it would still be way more powerful than those slimes combined.

…This is probably gonna end with Megumin using explosion, huh?

Part 6

"Found it."

I said, after using [Farsight] to spot the boss monster.

It was a large metallic slime that was about the size of a minivan. It was moving sluggishly while absorbing metal from the dirt.

At first, I summoned a legendary golem to see what the slime would do against it.

Only to see that before the golem even got close, countless pieces of Adamantite shrapnel exploded out from the slime.

There was nothing left of the golem.

"...Yeah, that thing will rip you to shreds if you get close."

I said, upon seeing the slime's defenses. It didn't even stop moving.

"Let's try hitting it from afar, then."

Mitsurugi said, to which we all nodded to.

And so, we launched our most powerful long-ranged attacks.

"Rune of Saber!"

"Exterion!"

"Light Arrows!"

Once it sensed that it was being attacked, it deployed blobs of liquid metal. The blobs then met the attacks, stopping them just enough so that the main body wouldn't get hit.

"I see. It sacrifices parts of itself to stop long-ranged attacks. Maybe we can whittle down its supply if we keep attacking?"

I said, but Aika-chan just shook her head.

"It will just keep advancing and absorbing more material from the ground."

"How broken is this thing?!"

The only good thing was that it wasn't attacking us as long as we didn't get close. At the same time, there was no way to defeat it.

Megumin coughed into her hand.

"I'm guessing it's explosion time?"

"Hang on, we should keep trying until we run out of options."

"Tch…"

This one sure is impatient.

"Parallel Processing..."

I used up all my brain power to think of a solution.

Finally it hit me.

"Aqua, you can flood this place, right?"

She grinned and said,

"I sure can! Of course, as the goddess of water, I could even flood the whole dungeon if I wanted to!"

"Don't do that. In fact, erase the possibility from your mind entirely."

My plan was to flood this area to prevent the slime from absorbing materials.

Of course, normally water would naturally have iron as the corrosion of rocks and soil would fill it with such minerals.

But that didn't apply to completely fresh water fabricated by Aqua.

And so, we put the plan into motion.

First, Yunyun and I made a cage of ice.

"Crystal Prison!"

"Smithing!"

I formed the ice into a barricade.

"Sacred Create Water!"

Then it was up to Aqua to fill up the ice prison with water.

Of course, the slime was already moving to bust itself out of its prison.

So before that…

We launched our most powerful spells again.

And for added measure…

"Tornado!"

I further limited the movements of the slime, so that it couldn't escape the barrage of attacks.

Eventually, the slime was defeated, its body disintegrating.

"Yes! Good thinking, onii-sama!"

I was treated to the sight of my darling imouto Iris praising me.

Since I made her angry about not telling her about my permadeath status, I thought she would give me the cold shoulder.

She let me rub her head as Yunyun lowered us onto the ground.

I wasn't one of the top damage dealers, but the mist from the Onion Duck still sprayed me.

Still, before that…

"...Did you just try to inhale my mist?"

Mitsurugi, one of the top damage dealers, said when I tried to come to his vicinity when the onion duck mist came out.

Since the mist hit us individually, I thought I could get some of his extra levels if I got close enough.

"Tsk. It was worth a shot."

You gained five levels!

An opening appeared on the ground, with a staircase leading down.

"I guess this is the treasure room."

I said, as we headed down the stairs.

Instead of gold like before, instead we saw heaps of a greenish ore.

"...!!! Senpai! [Lore Reading] is telling me that this is a metal that's even more powerful than Adamantite!"

"What?!"

"It's called Orichalcum!"

Aika-chan smiled as she hopped down the stairs and explained.

"Indeed! Orichalcum doesn't actually exist in the otherworld, although it seems there are legends of it in this one! It is a metal that is considered a divine metal, and heaven uses it to create artifacts. We brought it down from heaven to help the hero party if they manage to get this far into the dungeon! Congratulations!"

A metal that doesn't even exist in both worlds…

And so, we gathered this insane loot.

"...If it doesn't help with magic, I don't care about it."

Megumin said, not all interested.

"Megumin-san, these can be made into staves that drastically increase magic power."

"I want it."

She hurriedly changed her mind.

Part 7

I went to work right away creating the Orichalcum gear before we advanced.

With [Smithing] at max rank, I could now create 'Artifact' level items immediately

I laid all the Orichalcum out on the work bench and created gear that would suit everybody.

For the cheat items users, Mitsurugi, Iris and Rin, I figured that they wouldn't need weapons.

So I just created armor for them.

Then for Yunyun and Megumin, of course I made equipment that would amplify their magic.

Same with Aqua, I made one that increased healing and buffs.

There was the question of Darkness, though.

To be honest, she already has some insanely strong gear with the Winter Shogun set.

Then, when I was looking at the options…

"...Why is this included?"

I saw an option for 'Giant Toad Cavalry Armor'.

It was an armor that went on a Giant Toad, letting its master ride it in battle as long as it was tamed.

I immediately thought of Pocky-chan.

Of course, I wouldn't want my beloved Pocky-chan to be in danger.

But rather than Pocky-chan being in danger…

When I looked at the stats of this thing, all I could think was only her opponents would be in danger.

I then consulted Darkness about it.

"Riding Pocky-chan in battle, huh…? That sounds interesting, but are you sure she won't get hurt?"

I showed her the stats of the armor.

"W-Why is it so high?!"

"I don't know."

She then agreed to have her share of the Orichalcum made into the toad riding armor.

The armor also gave whoever was riding it a maxed out [Riding] skill while mounted.

So, yeah, it was a ridiculous piece of equipment.

But these are Artifacts we're talking about, items on the same level as cheat items.

This much was expected.

As for Chris, I created a dagger for her that was pretty much on the same level as Mary-chan's Grave Binder.

Actually, since it used the Luck stat, Chris's weapon might surpass that cheat item.

"Kazuma-kun, you're really giving me a cheat item despite knowing my stance on them?"

Chris said, when I told her about it.

"Well, I figure you could be trusted…"

"Even so… It's hypocritical if I accept this!"

"What's new…"

"What are you implying?!"

"Look, I get that you have your principles, but those principles are based on a desire to protect our world, right?"

She slowly nodded.

"Then the real hypocrisy is if those principles get in the way of you protecting the world."

"I thought you were the type who said that the ends don't justify the means…"

"You also can't apply vague philosophical statements to real life decisions. Sometimes you just gotta do what makes sense at the time. If it doesn't work out, well, at least we tried."

"...Such a haphazard method."

In the end, she decided to trust me and accepted the upgrade to her magic knife.

Now as for myself…

I already did a lot of damage with my archery.

But if there was ever a need for melee combat, I needed an upgrade with that.

The fight against Wolbach required me to fight as a frontliner, to give an example.

And so, I looked to upgrade my reliable partner, Chunchunmaru.

Chunchunmaru (Unique) - Signature Weapon - Divine Artifact

Forged and upgraded by Legendary Blacksmith. Enchanted by Wiz. Named by Megumin.

Unstoppable Luck: Critical strikes made with this weapon cannot be blocked by any defenses that reduce or block critical strikes entirely. Your critical hit chance also cannot be lowered by any debuffs or other means.

Durability: Unbreakable

Weapon Accuracy: Dexterity modifier + [One-handed Sword] = 190% chance of hitting

Weapon Damage: 15 slashing damage + Strength modifier (+12) + Bonus (+15) = 42 damage

Sells for: Priceless

It was now a cheat item level weapon that did 42 damage with one base attack…

Sniff… Partner…!

You went from such a humble sword to a divine artifact…!

I felt emotional as I rubbed my face against Chunchunmaru.

Alert!

Upgrading your signature weapon to the level of a divine artifact has produced an effect!

As the hero, your signature weapon can eventually become a Noble Phantasm!

Noble Phantasm Requirements:

-Become an irreplaceable, famous figure of your world's history

-Possess the title of 'Hero' (Complete)

-Signature Weapon must be a Divine Artifact (Complete)

"..."

I stared at the alert that appeared on my phone.

N-Noble Phantasm…?

It's that… Right?

That one thing from that certain series?!

Furthermore, there was only one condition left to fulfill it!

As for that condition…

Well, I was planning to reveal the truth to the world eventually.

But that will have to wait until we secure Wiz.

We wouldn't want to do anything to make her relocate.

Once I was done making the gear, I distributed them to the others.

"...Ohhh! Look at the stats on this thing?! Ahhh… I need to explode something…!"

Megumin was practically frothing at the mouth when she saw the new staff I gave her.

"Wouldn't it be easy to clear the rest of the dungeon now?"

Rin said, as she stared at the wand I gave her in wonder.

Aika-chan nodded and smiled.

"Yes! Those who successfully get past the 95th floor are true heroes… And so the Orichalcum is there to help you clear the dungeon!"

"Why didn't the gods just give us the Orichalcum as soon as I got the hero class?"

"Well, there's a chance they might have made a mistake with picking a hero, that was why they made that unreasonable monster as the boss of the 95th floor."

I guess it was a rather cruel way to weed out the unworthy.

But it made sense.

Rather, if anyone was truly worthy, wouldn't Megumin, who could have just one-shotted all the 90th floor boss, qualify as the true hero?

She wouldn't even need any special tricks to do it, she could have just brute forced the boss.

We asked her not to do that to evenly distribute the EXP, but…

I shook my head.

Getting impostor syndrome as the Hero wouldn't benefit me at all now.

And the others were counting on me, not to mention the rest of the world.

With these weapons, we decided to go to the dungeon again.

This time…

"[Merciless Strike]!"

I cleaved through a ground dragon on the 96th floor with the newly upgraded Chunchunmaru.

It was immediately one-shotted, along with the critical strike leading into the skill's execute.

"...I guess having its damage doubled would produce such an effect."

Long ranged attack with Archery was still a lot safer, but I could also just mow down enemies now with Chunchunmaru.

And [Merciless Strike] guaranteed a kill, since Archery skills didn't have the execute function.

Same goes for the others.

Meanwhile, as for Darkness…

"Whoa, Pocky-chan! You sure are excited!"

Pocky-chan was hopping around in her new battle armor, crushing enemies while hopping on them.

I shuddered while thinking about how much trouble we had fighting Giant Toads at the start.

Perhaps we created the Ultimate Being with Pocky-chan…

She stopped stomping a Ground Dragon and hopped over to give me a lick.

I chuckled and patted her head.

"Take care of Darkness, Pocky-chan. You know your mama is very clumsy…"

"T-That's not true anymore… Pfft… Ah, I bit my tongue…"

Way to prove my point.

And so, we easily cleared the mobs on the 96th floor.

Thanks to the Orichalcum gear, we reached the boss room in record time.
Last edited: Jun 1, 2026
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Bloodzone15, kinggamerlite29, 1SOGGYBOI and 77 others
BoringBone
May 31, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 81: A Sharing Plan From This Idol! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Jun 16, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,817
Chapter 81: A Sharing Plan From This Idol!

Part 1

Before heading inside, I made sure to spend my skill points

[Cold Resistance] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Passive Skill

You have superhuman levels of cold resistance! When up against magical cold, the success rate of this skill is determined by your 'Willpower' (106). You gain +20 Cold Resistance to attacks using ice and cold.

[Medium Armor] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Passive Skill

You are proficient in wearing Medium Armor. You no longer suffer the stealth penalty when wearing Medium Armor. Damage reduction increases by +20.

I now had 34 physical reduction…

Well, that wasn't really useful on this upcoming floor.

Actually both skills weren't.

The 96th boss room was a floor that was completely filled with lava.

If the game, 'the floor is lava' was real, it would look like this.

If you didn't have the [Heat Resistance] skill, I didn't think that you could even enter this floor.

Thankfully, we all endured that difficult challenge with the curry…

However, not everyone had maxed out [Heat Resistance], and so they suffered.

Meanwhile, Darkness, Mitsurugi, Iris and I, who had invested in the skill, didn't even break a sweat.

"Hahh… Ahh… So hot… As the goddess of water, I feel like I'm evaporating…"

Aqua said, while wiping the sweat off her brow.

We were riding Yunyun's [Hand of Aether] and were trying to fly away from the lava as high as possible, but I guess the heat was still too much for them.

"Freeze."

"Gyaaa?! What was that for, Kazuma?"

"...What? You were bitching that whole time, so I just decided to help you out. Aren't you grateful?"

"Going from scorching hot to freezing cold is too much!"

Megumin covered her ears.

"All this yelling is just making the heat worse! Shut up!"

"...Please be quiet, everyone… I need to concentrate on the spell…"

Yunyun said, as she tried to do her best to maintain the hand.

We all shut up after that.

If Yunyun's spell disappeared, the others would be in trouble.

And I doubted that Resurrection magic would work on those melted by lava.

If there was even a corpse left.

To be honest, a part of me wondered if it was even a good idea to continue from here.

The boss for this floor was apparently something called a Colossal Lava Serpent.

It was made completely out of lava and swam around in the lava.

That would mean that we would have to fight it while flying on the hand.

If Yunyun was unable to keep up the spell, that was it for us.

Megumin's explosion magic was also weak against it, as it was a fire-based spell.

Although, the benefit to that was that Megumin could actually use explosion magic this time.

But that meant that she wouldn't be able to one-shot it.

Not like I cared if she got all the EXP. I just wanted to make it past this ridiculous floor.

The only saving grace was that there weren't any mobs this time.

I guess that would have been too much.

So, all we had to do was fly around for a bit until we found the snake.

It rose from the sea of lava, then stood tall and opened its mouth.

As if it wasn't scary enough, it even breathed out a blast of pure heat at us.

Yunyun barely managed to control the hand to evade the attack.

"Oi, Aika-chan! I thought you said that having Orichalcum would make the rest of the dungeon easy!"

"...Did I say that?"

She was playing innocent now.

How were we even gonna get close to that thing?!

"Rune of Saber!"

When Mitsurugi attacked, the serpent merely ducked its head inside the lava. His attack fizzled out, and then it stuck its head out again to shoot at us.

Meanwhile, Yunyun couldn't even support us, as she needed to concentrate on Hand of Aether.

"Megumin…!"

"On it…! Explosion…!"

Megumin didn't hesitate to fire off her beloved explosion.

Even though it was highly resistant to fire attacks…

Due to the Orichalcum upgrade to her staff, it still seemed to take tremendous damage.

But it was still standing.

"...I don't care who gets the EXP! Aqua, just flood this whole floor!"

I didn't want to take a risk it anymore after seeing this thing tank the Oricalcum enhanced explosion.

"Time for me to show my true nature as a goddess~!"

Even though she was suffering before, Aqua was revitalized.

She twirled her staff around.

"Sacred Create Water!"

Due to the Orichalcum upgrade, the amount of water that poured out was tremendous.

Of course, I made sure to teleport everyone, to avoid the resulting steam explosion.

"Ohh! Mama, you're so cool…!"

"Hehe… Of course I am!"

Aqua soaked in the praise from her daughter.

We teleported back in and saw that the main damage dealers ended up being Aqua and Megumin, and no one else.

Well, that was because no one even managed to damage the thing.

The dungeon then parted the lava somehow, and a hidden room was revealed.

Inside, we found a chest with several potions.

Apparently, they were fire resist potions that give one the benefits of a Rank 20 [Heat Resistance] for the span of five minutes.

I gave my share to those who didn't have the skill maxed out.

"...Maybe all the floors are just gonna end up with one person suited for the floor one-shotting the boss…"

Rin surmised, after we saw how touch that boss was to beat.

Even with Orichalcum gear…

"Well, it's fine as long as at least one of us gains EXP."

Megumin perked up.

"Oh, so does that mean…"

"It can't be you everytime. Well, if there's no choice, then fine, take the kill…"

At this point, I couldn't exactly worry about EXP distribution anymore.

If I worried about that, we might just get party wiped.

Part 2

Since it was just two people doing the work, and Megumin's explosion handled the job by itself, we continued on to the 97th floor.

I restored Megumin's mana with Drain Touch and she was set to go.

While we were going through the normal floors, I put Chunchunmaru to use again.

With [Merciless Slash], it was easy to one-shot enemies.

Just like in the previous floor, we easily made it past the mobs.

You gained two levels!

With both resistance skills maxed out and Medium Armor also maxed out, I looked to other skills to upgrade.

I've already leveled up most of my relevant defensive skills, so I thought about looking to increase my offense.

First, I went ahead and spent 6 points to just max out Drain Touch. I've been meaning to do that anyway, but I started prioritizing all the defensive skills I got.

[Drain Touch] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Active Skill

After making contact with the target, you can absorb 36 Health Points, Mana Points and Stamina Points per second that you stay in contact with the target. You can also distribute Health Points, Mana Points and Stamina Points to other targets.

This has always been one of my more formidable weapons… And now it was at its max rank.

Speaking of formidable weapons…

I decided to max out [Steal] as well, since I had the Thief Rank-Up at max rank anyway.

[Steal] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Active Skill (5 mp cost)

Allows you to steal an item. If the target is a creature, you will have to be within 180-feet of the target to use this skill. Success depends on your 'Cunning' (211), contested against the target's 'Intuition', although, if your 'Luck' surpasses the target's you will automatically steal the item. Similarly, skills that resist the effects of steal, or advantages that come with the opponent being a higher level than you, no longer apply. Items that are not held or equipped by a creature can be stolen as long as you can see it and are aware of its presence. The value of the item you steal is determined by your 'Luck' (265). You are now able to steal items even if they are stored away in an inventory, storage box, or otherwise protected space, even a pocket dimension.

Items were now automatically stolen as long as my Luck stat surpassed the target.

And considering how high it was…

That was pretty much guaranteed for anyone who wasn't Eris, wasn't it?

There were 5 more Skill Points left.

I put them in One-Handed Sword.

Due to Crusader Rank-Up, I could aim to put it to Rank 20.

I could only reach Rank 12 with the skill points I had right now, but I decided to just put the points in anyway.

[One-handed Sword] Skill Rank: 12, Passive Skill

You are proficient in using swords that require one hand to wield. You gain +120% weapon accuracy with attacks using one-handed swords and +11 damage.

I spent all these skill points before entering the next dungeon boss room.

Immediately, we were met by complete darkness.

I had the [Night-Vision] skill, but the others could barely see.

"...Someone stepped on my foot!"

Megumin complained, as we all went inside.

This dungeon floor, unlike the others, didn't lead into an open-air biome.

Rather, it looked like an extension of the dungeon tunnels leading up to it.

Actually, it was a lot darker, with very little light source.

Before continuing, I created some light runes and made some golems that functioned as flying drones.

This way, there were multiple light sources flying around us.

Still, Chris, Aqua and I led the way as we had night vision.

This floor was particularly crazy.

That was because based on what Aika-chan told me, the boss of this floor was something called the Elder Brain.

And its minions were a hivemind of Mind Flayers.

…Yeah, this might be another ending where Megumin just uses explosion.

There's no way I'm facing such scary things head on!

Once we emerged from the tunnel, it led us to a huge cavern.

It was so big that I wouldn't be surprised if it surpassed any cavern that existed in our world.

And then, I saw beings flying around, like worker drones.

There were countless Mind Flayers using psionic power to fly around.

And right in the middle of the cavern, I saw a glowing, pulsing brain.

"...We're not fighting those things. Megumin start chanting."

I said, once I assessed the threat level.

"Why not? You haven't even tried yet, Kazuma. What kind of hero are you?"

I turned to Aqua, who just said this stupid thing to me.

"Oi, I get that you're not scared of Mind Flayers considering that empty head of yours, but you do realize what those things will do once they catch us, right?! They'll suck our brains out! We'll be done for if that happens!!!"

Not to mention that I didn't even want to know what that Elder Brain was capable of.

Aqua shook her head and said,

"Tsk, tsk. Don't you know who you're dealing with here? As the most powerful Arch-Priest and goddess, I can just cast holy protection magic on you to make you invulnerable against Mind Flayers! They won't be able to eat your brain!"

She proudly stated this.

I rubbed my chin.

"I see… So since Aqua is a goddess who lacks a brain, you can impart a blessing on us that protects us from beings who eat brains, huh?"

"Oii!!! I'm the one helping you out here, but you're insulting me?! Fine, just let Megumin have all the EXP again! See if I care!"

It took a while, but I was able to convince Aqua to grant those protections on us.

Once we were buffed, we made our move.

Part 3

We entered the cavern with the swarming Mind Flayers.

The Mind Flayers noticed us right away and dove down.

"[Decoy]!"

Darkness attracted them to her.

Once the Mind Flayers got close, they extended their tentacles and tried to wrap around her head.

Of course, nothing happened.

Darkness, however, was enjoying this.

"All these tentacles around me… Huff… Huff…"

"Oi."

She was riding Pocky-chan, who jumped towards a Mind Flayer that was attacking her mama.

The simple attack already dragged the Mind Flayer down and crushed it.

"Hoh. Good job, Pocky-chan."

She looked happy when I patted her on the head.

The Elder Brain started glowing more intensely and pulsing. In response, its drones started attacking in a more coordinated way.

They couldn't suck our brains out, but Mind Flayers that were buffed by the Elder Brain were still very strong.

If we didn't have these new Orichalcum gear, we would have struggled.

But now, Pocky-chan was just jumping on them, while Mitsurugi ignored the attacks to his Orichaclum full-plate armor. He and Iris were just mowing down the Mind Flayers.

It was satisfying watching them gather around us like flies, only to be swiftly taken down.

I shot them down with arrows and slashed them with Chunchunmaru when they got close. Meanwhile, Chris used her new dagger and stealthily assassinated the Mind Flayers.

The Elder Brain started to adapt mid way. It commanded the Mind Flayers to draw back, and instead of attacking us head on, they launched psionic blasts at us from those enlarged heads of theirs.

The blasts of pure force were blocked by the frontliners. Since I also had a lot of magic resistance, I also did my job in blocking the blasts.

That left the backliners to destroy the Mind Flayers with their attacks.

Megumin launched her disintegration rays, while Rin shot light arrows and Yunyun commanded her Hand of Aether to crush the hordes of Mind Flayers.

Mary-chan was nonchalantly tearing the enemies apart, while Aika-chan was showing off to her mama as usual, using Beldia's sword to cleave multiple Mind Flayers at the same time.

As for Aqua herself, she couldn't help but attack the Elder Brain head on.

"Oi… Why are you attacking so recklessly?"

"Do you really think a goddess like me can stop myself from killing such an evil creature? Die, fiend!"

With her new gear, Aqua's buffs on herself massively amplified her stats.

Not to mention all her resistances.

I watched as she punched her way through the Mind Flayers and ended up right in front of the Elder Brain.

The Elder Brain tried to cover itself with magical defenses, but it eventually succumbed to the amount of attacks Aqua was raining down on it.

"[God Blow]!"

It let out a cry of defeat once its defenses broke down.

…I guess that floor would have been a lot harder if we didn't have Aqua with us.

"Good job, Aqua."

I said complimenting her, even if I knew she'd gloat about it.

"Fufu… Praise me more! Say it! Say I'm the MVP of the battle! You know you want to!"

"You always take it too far, that's why I hardly compliment you…!"

"Papa! Stop being mean to mama already!"

It was the usual pattern, Aika-chan coming to defend her beloved mama.

Knowing that I couldn't win against those two, I just focused on the treasure room that opened up.

What I saw were spell tomes, but this time focused on Holy Magic.

Among the many spells, there was even a book for Resurrection.

"...This is a pretty big deal, isn't it?"

I said, when looking at all the high-level Arch-Priest spells.

If there was a Priest in our party, they would have hit their peak when reaching this room.

However…

This goddess already knew all these spells from very early on.

If it wasn't for her intelligence, she would have been pretty broken, huh?

"Hmm… I already know all of these. Does someone else want them?"

Aqua said, as if any of us could even use these spells.

My Faith stat was at a 47. I could barely cast the basic healing spell effectively.

Something like Resurrection was out of the question.

Besides, I was severely nerfed when it came to Light magic.

Because of my magic affinity.

"Someone else can try to learn it… How about you, Rin?"

Since her cheat item was based around Light magic, I figured she would be a better fit.

"I could give it a try! I wanna be able to learn how to protect everyone, anyway."

I guess this is the kind of personality that would suit holy magic and light magic.

Meanwhile, someone like me with a dark heart shouldn't even try.

You gained 10 levels!

It seems that the sheer amount of Mind Flayers I killed, along with the monsters I faced along the way, gave me a substantial boost in levels.

We headed back after making some good progress.

There were only three more floors left.

At the pace we were going, we could probably finish this all by summer's end.

Then, we could focus on getting Wiz back.

Part 4

When we headed back to the mansion, I distributed the 90 skill points I got.

I used 8 to max out [One-handed Sword].

[One-handed Sword] Skill Rank: 20, Passive Skill

You are proficient in using swords that require one hand to wield. You gain +200% weapon accuracy with attacks using one-handed swords and +20 damage.

Then I looked at other skills and decided to max out the Thief skill [Skill Bind] next.

[Skill Bind] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Active Skill (5 mp)

Prevents the activation of an active skill. Mp cost will stay the same no matter what this skill is used on. This skill no longer has a cooldown after it has been used.

This skill was going to be very important against Wiz.

Granted, she probably will have some kind of protection against this…

But it was better to be safe than sorry.

I went ahead and focused on skills that would be useful in facing Wiz.

[Bind] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Active Skill (5 mp cost)

Throw a rope at a creature. Success is determined by your Dexterity (130) against the target's. You have double-advantage in this contest, and creatures will still have to spend 20 seconds within the bindings, even if they have an ability or trait that allows them to break free of constraints. Spells that need concentration will be broken when the target is wrapped in these bindings.

…This skill pretty much guaranteed that I could at least contain Wiz for 20 seconds if the binding lands.

I can deal out the necessary punishment to her during that time.

For going against her friends' backs like this, she surely needs to be punished!

Even after investing in sword skills, my main DPS method was still Archery.

So I decided to max out [Rapid Shot] and [Magic Archery].

[Rapid Shot] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Active Skill (5 mp)

Attack speed when shooting with bows increased by x20. This skill can apply to any form of bow or crossbow, although longbows or crossbows will have a speed increase of x10 instead.

…x20 speed was absurd, considering how Rank 5 already let me rival the speed of machine guns.

Also, the skill now applied to longbows and crossbows as well, even if the speed was halved.

[Magic Archery] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Passive Skill

You create arrows using magic. These arrows count as magical attacks and will have +20 Armor Penetration and +10 Magic Penetration.

This skill could just straight up shred through Magic Resistance now.

I had a feeling Wiz would have crazy high defenses, so this would no doubt be very useful.

Since it was related to my ice arrows trick, I also maxed out [Delay Spell].

[Delay Spell] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Passive Skill

You can delay up to 20 spells, which will form as magical energies that will float around you. For every 15 minutes that passes until you use the spell, you will lose equal to the amount of mana points you used to cast the spell.

This will allow me to create and store ice arrows at the pace of a Rank 20 [Rapid Shot].

With 3 skill points left I decided to just put in [Heal], since it was already at Rank 2.

It wouldn't be particularly useful, since I had [Drain Touch] anyway, but it might be useful in an emergency.

[Heal] Skill Rank: 5, Active Skill (15 mp cost)

You can heal yourself and others, restoring HP lost. Can spend up to 5 extra mana to heal 5 additional hp.

Damage healed: 13 HP + Faith modifier (+4) = 17

…What a marginal improvement.

Since I didn't have a build that was geared towards holy magic at all, this much was expected, I guess.

…

…

Of course, there was an easy way to raise my battle power.

And that is, by making a visit to Norse.

"How do you do, boya."

Regina-sama said, greeting me with Serena beside her.

I went to their mansion at night, and it was obvious what I was there for.

Of course, it wouldn't do to just jump to that. She is a proper queen, after all.

And so, I had dinner with Regina-sama and Serena and discussed the going-ons of Norse.

But after we had a pleasant chat…

"Ahh… Kazuma-sama… Wait…!"

"Hoh? Regina-sama… It seems that my slave here is complaining…"

I said, as I gripped both of Serena's arms while pounding her from behind.

"Tsk, tsk… That won't do, Seresdina… Make sure to serve your master properly."

"Y-Yes… Forgive me… Mghk!"

After having my fun with Seresdina…

"Fufun… Go ahead and rough up this small, child body of mine…"

The power bottom Regina-sama said these things as I also entered her from behind.

She was saying things that would land me in jail in my world.

Your Cunning went up by +2!

This Goddess Lover title was really the best.

Of course, I almost made sure to pay the resident prisoner a visit.

But before we could do anything, I noticed something.

"...What's that?"

I went inside Wolbach's room and saw something like a black cat sitting by the corner.

Wolbach looked embarrassed.

"Well… It's something like my other half…"

I see.

She's been so lonely that she became like one of those insufferable cat lovers who claim that their cats were their children.

"...Why are you giving me that pitiful look?"

Wolbach said, when she noticed the look I was giving her.

"Maybe I should let you out… Being cooped up all day isn't good for you."

"I don't like the implications!"

Wolbach then explained it to me.

This was truly her other half. As for the reason why it came out, it was because Wolbach's power was pretty much drained at this point, thus splitting her in half.

And since they were both powerless now, this other half of hers, which was supposed to represent the aspect of violence, was reduced to…

"Nyaa…"

…A rather lazy cat.

I watched as the cat was napping in the corner.

"It does remind me a lot of you."

"...What does that mean… Rather, um… I want a favor from you…"

She was acting meek, which was unusual.

"...Megumin is coming over to have dinner with me… I want you to be there so it doesn't get awkward."

It seems that Megumin did come to discuss things with Wolbach.

While their relationship wasn't totally fixed yet, it seemed that Megumin agreed to have dinner with Wolbach.

"Alright, I can be the mediator."

"I appreciate it."

Until then, however…

I took Wolbach to bed with me.

The cat was watching curiously as its master was bouncing on top of an unknown male.

"Nyaa?"

It had a curious expression, as I held Wolbach's waist, supporting her as she rode my cock.

"...Your other half seems to be watching us intently…"

"Ah, so humiliating… Hnnngh!"

She was able to cum a lot despite that, though.

Your Magic Power went up by +2!

Part 5

Like Wolbach said, Megumin came over for dinner.

By then, Wolbach had already cleaned up. I also made a new dress for her with [Tailor] to wear for dinner.

I also helped make dinner for her. She received a steady supply of ingredients, but it seemed that Wolbach wasn't a very good cook.

"You lived for that long and you can't even cook…?"

I said, as I put on the apron and started chopping onions.

"I had other things to worry about…"

"What, like taking baths?"

She blushed and muttered something, but didn't dispute it.

After I made a simple but delicious spread, Megumin soon arrived.

"Kazuma? You're here too?"

Megumin was wearing a dress as well. She looked at Wolbach but they both glanced away from each other.

I guess things were still very much awkward between them.

"Nyaa…"

Wolbach's other half came out from the living room, surprising Megumin.

"Why's a cat here?"

She leaned down to pick it up.

"Apparently this is Wolbach's other half… But because she's been weakened so much, what was supposed to be evil incarnate turned out to be a cute, harmless cat."

"Does it have a name?"

I turned to Wolbach, who shook her head.

"Well, it's technically still me… So I guess its name would just be Wolbach."

"That would be confusing, though."

Megumin stroked the cat's fur and said,

"I'll name it Chomusuke, then."

Yet another weird name came out.

Wolbach's brow twitched, perhaps not appreciating the fact that her other half suddenly got a weird name, but she didn't want to go against Megumin. In order to get along with Megumin again, she forced herself to smile.

"W-What a good name."

Chomusuke remained sitting on Megumin's lap as we went to the dinner table.

For a while, it was just us silently eating.

Oi, isn't this too awkward?

What would they have done if I wasn't here?

I coughed into my hand.

"Megumin… Why don't you tell Wolbach about the new gear you got."

I gave Megumin something to talk about.

She finished chewing an ebi-fry and said,

"I got an orichalcum staff now that makes my explosion even more powerful…"

Wolbach gave her a gentle smile.

"You still love explosion magic after all this time, huh?"

Megumin looked down at Chomusuke, a faint blush on her cheeks.

"...It's thanks to you."

Wolbach took a deep breath.

"I know I apologized before but… I'm really sorry for betraying your trust, Megumin."

Megumin sighed then finally looked Wolbach in the eyes.

"...I know. I can tell you mean it. And besides…"

She looked at me and started to smile.

"...If you didn't trick me, I would have never met Kazuma and the others… I would have never fallen in love with explosion magic…"

She smiled in full now.

"Everything I am now, this identity of Megumin the Crimson Demon, the number one mage in the world… The master of explosion magic… I have you to thank for it."

"But still… I lied to you…"

"Let's just say that you lied to Megumi and not Megumin."

Wolbach blinked then started to giggle.

"That's so silly…"

I smiled then started to stand up.

"I'll leave you two alone."

Since they were talking naturally now, I didn't need to be there anymore.

There were probably some things they wanted to talk about that they didn't want me to hear.

I was curious, but I decided to respect their privacy.

…

…

When Megumin got back to the mansion, I noticed that Chomusuke was with her.

"Wolbach said that I should bring this one with me."

I suppose that since her other half didn't commit any crimes, she wanted it to have freedom.

I didn't have a reason to refuse, so I let Chomusuke stay with us.

"Megumin… What's that cat with the imperious look…? I also sense something bad from it."

Aqua, who looked like she had been drinking, said this.

She stumbled her way into the living room and looked at Chomusuke.

"Don't tell me that you're one of those superstitious people who hate black cats…"

"This goes beyond superstition! My goddess instincts are flaring up!"

I didn't explain Chomusuke's origin to Aqua, because I didn't want her to start nagging us about unholy beings or whatever.

Since she didn't have any proof, she didn't pursue the matter any more. Instead, she said,

"Just be careful to keep that cat away from Zell…"

I raised my brow.

"Oh? Why should a dragon fear a cat?"

She went stiff and started rambling.

"You should know that your child isn't an adult dragon yet! Of course it's going to be vulnerable to lots of things!"

"Yeah, like a frying pan…"

"Kazuma… You better not say the 'C' word again…!!!"

Somehow the word 'chicken' got banned in this household.

Once Aqua stomped away, Megumin chuckled and sat down on the sofa with me, with Chomusuke on her lap.

Then, Megumin leaned her head on my shoulder.

"Thanks, Kazuma."

Knowing that she was talking about Wolbach, I nodded.

"I wanted to pay you back for helping me with Ame."

"We can rely on each other, huh?"

"Always."

We were both pretty clumsy and very stubborn.

So, we'd always help each other out, when it came to relationships or whatever else.

She's my soulmate after all, the one who Vanir said I was fated to be with.

That didn't mean that I played favorites, but that meant that Megumin would understand me the most out of everyone.

And vice versa.

Whether it comes to reuniting with dark goddesses or childhood friends…

All we needed was to give each other a little push.

Part 6

The next day, I went to the training center again.

This time, everyone could make it at the same time without schedule conflicts.

Kuroko gave me a wink when she entered the training center.

This girl sure never stops…

Meanwhile, Terada-senpai and Mio senpai were flirting as always.

Not to mention Mitsurugi and his girls.

But the ones flirting the most…

"Fufun… I can't wait to see that bikini armor you got from the lootbox…"

"Maybe we should use it tonight…"

I overheard my parents saying this as they headed upstairs to Megumin's segment.

I shuddered, trying not to imagine that.

Apparently, my mom unlocked some kind of ridiculous armor after finishing a quest.

Why a bikini armor, though?!

I hope to god I never see it!

I gave a silent thank you and sorry to Megumin.

Even though we had that moment last night, she'd probably hate me now.

And her mom was gonna be there, too.

With her friend Arue there to witness it all.

This time, Cremea and Fio ended up being App-Users, with Ame and Kuroko unlocking their potential near the very end.

It was good progress so far, even if they weren't unlocking their potentials all at once.

"Ahh… We haven't done it yet, huh?"

Erika said, with a sigh.

Cielo smiled at her and said,

"It's fine. I'm sure it'll happen eventually!"

I thought that they would head out as soon as practice ended, but it seemed that they had the day off.

"Oi, Kazuma, wanna hang out with us?"

Erika suddenly invited me.

"E-Eh? You shouldn't impose like that, Erika…"

I thought that Cielo would be against it because I was a man, it looked like she was just worried about imposing.

How sweet of her.

Of course, I wouldn't refuse an invitation from my idols.

And I was sure Lia wouldn't mind if I hung out with her friends.

We ended up going to a burger place that just opened, which Erika was interested in.

It was an American fast food chain called Shake Shack.

They open temporary stores every year to gauge market interest, and they usually come around summer.

We went with a full meal of burgers, fries and shakes.

"You're probably surprised that idols are eating so much, huh?"

Erika said, as she chowed down on a burger.

"Not at all. You guys burn through a lot of calories. I actually advised Lia to eat more."

"Aww… You really care a lot about her, huh?"

I gave them clothes to wear with [Tailor] and [Disguise].

This way, they could eat in public without wearing masks or hats.

It was a very minimal disguise, with Erika having her hair down and wearing glasses, while Cielo had her hair in short pigtails.

Anyone would recognize them just from looks alone, but thanks to my skills, even these slight changes managed to fool even the most dedicated fan.

And they also looked really cute like this…

While chewing a fry, Erika said,

"So, having some problems with Lia, huh?"

I paused.

Hearing that from one of your girlfriend's best friends is never a good sign.

"D-D-Did she say anything?"

"Pfft! Look at you stutter! Well, we all know that she won't accept your little harem…"

"...Yeah, I'm still trying to have her accept it."

"Hmm… I know Lia. She's very principled. That doesn't apply to cleanliness, though."

I sighed before slowly nodding my head.

"What should I do, then?"

"Hehe… The best way is to slowly get her used to the idea, right?"

"And how do I do that?"

She pointed at herself.

"Why don't you tell her you're planning to date me, too?"

"Hah?!"

I leaned in and quieted my voice once everyone's heads turned to us. Cielo huddled in on herself, while Erika tried to innocently sip her milkshake, as if she didn't just say all that.

"Oi… What are you on about?"

"As cool as your other girlfriends are, Lia doesn't really know them that well, right? She's not close to them like I am to her, so even if they try to convince her, it would just fall on deaf ears."

I would like everyone to be extremely close with each other, but I knew that was impossible.

It was good enough that they were friendly with each other, but if it was common to be best friends with all your acquaintances, then the term 'best friend' wouldn't exist in the first place.

Besides, what makes relationships so special is that you can't achieve that level of closeness with just anyone.

Just like how I had people I was extremely close with, those people also had others that they might be closer to than me. For example, Mitsurugi was pretty much my best guy friend, but he was closer to his girlfriends than me. Same with Dust. His bond with Faitfore seemed like it was unbreakable.

And in this case, Lia's bond with the Axel Hearts was probably something I wouldn't be able to surpass, no matter how intimate we got. It wasn't something I felt insecure about. In fact, I was happy that she had such strong friendships with her group. I knew that a lot of artist groups were just tolerating each other for the money and fame.

"You're right about that… But what does that have to do with dating you?"

"I mean, as one of her besties, she'd realize that sharing you with me is a better option than just keeping you to herself. I know for a fact that she'd compromise on her ideals for my sake."

"...So, what, you'll just pretend to date me to trick her? Sorry, but this leaves a bad taste in my mouth."

She raised a brow.

"Who said we'd be pretending?"

"...Eh?"

I looked to Cielo, as if to confirm if Erika was actually saying all this crazy stuff.

"S-Sorry about Erika! Um… She's quite weird, but I assure you that she's not the type to deceive her friends! She means well!"

…I guess Erika did strike me as the type who was a bit crazy!

She was a narcissist who thinks she's the cutest girl in the world, after all.

Her mind probably works differently than the normal person.

She clarified and said,

"Listen, I know what I want in a man. You're easy on the eyes, and you pretty much check all the boxes. You also made Lia open up to you, which means that I know I can completely trust you. I wouldn't mind dating you."

She smirked and rested her chin on her hand.

"And besides, you're an Axel Hearts fan, right? Are you telling me you're not attracted to me, too?"

I glanced away. Even with how high my Cunning was, I probably wouldn't be able to convince anyone that I didn't find Erika attractive.

I mean, who wouldn't? Even other girls were fans of her.

That was how her ego got so big!

"That would be amazing if it worked out. But if it doesn't, Lia will just dump me on the spot for making a move on her friend."

"Oi. I know Lia, probably better than you do. She trusts me completely. We all trust each other. She'll be annoyed at first, but she'll seriously consider it. And eventually, she'll say yes. At the end of the day, she wants everyone around her to be happy."

I guess I could see that happening.

Lia had her principles and ideals, but the one thing she wanted to do was make sure her loved ones were happy.

And it seems like Erika didn't mind this at all…

I thought about it for a minute and said,

"I'll leave it to you, then… What do you have in mind?"

She smirked and said,

"We're having an end of summer girls sleepover. I'll just ask her if we can invite you and I'll slowly bring up the topic then."

She said it with so much confidence that I trusted her right away.

Still, I looked to Cielo just to confirm I wasn't making a big mistake here.

"You can trust Erika… I also know she can convince Lia eventually."

If even Cielo was saying that, I guess I can trust Erika.

Ah, this is making me nervous!

But I just had to go along with Erika's plans.

Hopefully this doesn't bite me in the ass.

Part 7

I talked a bit more with Erika and Cielo before heading home.

Erika gave me a lot to think about, but before that…

I had to focus on the dungeon.

Just a few more floors to go before we conquered the whole thing.

That night, when we entered the dungeon, I tried out a new spell I learned.

It was from one of the spell tomes I received along with Crystal Prison.

"[Silent]."

I pointed at an area and the ground was suddenly covered in shadows.

I watched as Pocky-chan, as big as she was, managed to sneak into a crowd of ogres, crushing them with a stomp.

What an effective spell.

It perfectly suited my fighting style.

It also compensated for those who didn't have stealth skills.

[Silent] Skill Rank: 1, Active Skill (30 mp cost)

Designate a 15-foot cube anchored within an area. For the next minute until your concentration ends, no sound can be produced within this area.

I kept activating this spell around Darkness and Pocky-chan.

Darkness went back to using her spear to pierce through the enemies, while Pocky-chan charged at them.

Since the enemies couldn't hear the charge coming, they were instantly pulverized.

"...This is quite effective."

I said, after patting Pocky-chan on the head.

Aqua shuddered while looking at Pocky-chan.

"I still have trauma when it comes to Giant Toads…"

Megumin nodded and said,

"Not to mention those two that abandoned us…"

Pocky-chan technically had two sisters, but they went feral when they grew up.

This further added to their trauma.

Rin looked confused and said,

"Why are you all so scared of Giant Toads? Aren't they pretty easy to beat?"

"...!!! This girl who had a cheat item from the start has no right to say such things!"

Rin backed away as Megumin started yelling at her.

"Seems like I touched on a sore subject…"

She didn't even know the half of it.

We took turns taking care of the monsters in our way.

With [Silent], it was pretty easy to just straight up ambush the frontliners. When she saw this, Chris said,

"Since I'm a thief, using this spell practically makes me invisible…"

Along with her stealth, now that she produced no sounds whatsoever, no enemy was safe from her.

Her new magic dagger tore through even the most heavily armored foes.

The same could be said about Mary, who simply just produced vines to take down enemies with Grave Binder.

"It's kind of fun how easily I can take those monsters down…"

She said with a sadistic grin.

I guess since Tranquility Girls weren't seen as combat monsters, she took some kind of pleasure in dominating monsters who were originally more powerful than her.

My daughter was getting quite the big head.

We made it to the 98th floor with ease.

I turned to Aika-chan and said,

"OK, daughter of mine, cough up the info."

"How mean! I told you already that you need to learn on your own, papa!"

She was still insistent on that.

I sent some golems ahead to do scouting work.

But all I saw were wide fields and mountain ranges.

It actually looked a lot like the environment where we saw that dragon.

"...Don't tell me this is another dragon floor?"

I said, trying to make a guess.

I looked at Aika-chan's reactions.

She was trying not to show anything, but…

I know my daughter well enough that I could tell I hit it on the mark.

If there was truly a dragon in there, it would probably be way stronger than that green dragon from before.

Hopefully we could come to an agreement like last time, since Dragons were intelligent creatures.

We entered the floor.

After travelling around for a while, we heard the flapping of wings.

Mitsurugi drew his sword and stepped ahead, although he approached with hesitant steps. He said,

"Oi… Isn't that thing too big?!"

In front of us was a dragon that was way larger than the one we fought before.

It was almost as big as our mansion.

It was a dragon with red scales that reflected the dungeon's artificial light.

It glared at us with red eyes that had a contemptuous look in them.

"...I was wondering what kind of adventurers would show up… The first I see are these weaklings?"

What kind of party was it expecting to see?
This thing didn't seem concerned about us at all!

I could sense that this thing was way beyond any enemy we've encountered.

"Rin… Summon Ponko-sensei…"

But she just shook her head.

"Senpai… [Enemy Reading] is telling me that Ponko-sensei can't shapeshift into such a powerful creature…"

Gah, how strong was this thing?!

"Megumin, it might be explosion time."

"Fufu… You don't gotta tell me twice!'

She took her orichalcum staff out.

"I am Megumin! Disciple of the dark goddess Wolbach and master of explosion magic! It seems that you think of yourself as some kind of superior being just because you are a dragon… But nothing makes me happier than showing arrogant monsters like you their proper place!"

"Hurry up!"

She didn't need to say all that and provoke it!

"Here it comes… Explosion!"

I watched the biggest explosion yet hitting the dragon head on.

But even as it was surrounded by fire…

It laughed.

"Bwahahaha! Using explosion magic on me when I have fire resistance… You fools!"

I guess a dragon of this caliber would have such resistances…!

"Since you're fond of such introductions… I am Balagos! The dragon who has slayed over a 1,000 dragons! In my original world, they once called me Dragon Bane! Foolish adventurers… Today is when you will all perish!"

After that proclamation, Balagos opened his mouth and released a torrent of fire.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Bloodzone15, 1SOGGYBOI, JJLPH20 and 67 others
BoringBone
Jun 16, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 82: A Visit To This Vampire's Dungeon! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Jul 6, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,825
Chapter 82: A Visit To This Vampire's Dungeon!

Part 1

"Hot…! Why is this so freaking hot?!"

I created a shield using [Smithing], [Create Water] and [Freeze], while also relying on my [Heat Resistance].

The reason being to help form a frontline with Mitsurugi, Darkness and Iris.

But still, the fire breath of this dragon named Balagos was still too hot.

Even with my maxed out [Heat Resistance], I still took some damage.

The others took the time we bought them to drink those Fire Resistance potions.

It was better to take them now than save them for a future fight.

Once they all had time to drink the potions, the spellcasters started to attack the dragon.

But he simply flew away and continued to rain fire on us.

"How are we even going to beat this thing, senpai…?"

Rin said doubtfully, as she used her newly learned [Heal] to recover the HP I lost from tanking that attack.

"If I can get close enough to use [Bind] on it, we should be able to bring it down."

Even if it had high physical stats and ways to break out of crowd control, my [Bind] was Rank 20 now.

"If you need to get close, rely on me, Kazuma-san!"

Yunyun, ever the reliable one, said this.

She created a [Hand of Aether] and we both rode it to reach the dragon's height.

"Hoh? You humans know how to manipulate Aether? I haven't fought an Aether user in thousands of years!"

Balagos seemed impressed as it changed its attention to us.

Doing that, however, left it susceptible to the long-range attacks of the others.

"[Sacred Lightning Blare]!"

Iris pointed her sword at Balagos and summoned flashing arcs of lightning to attack it.

"Tsk… So many annoyances… Fine, I'll deal with you first, then!"

"[Decoy]!"

I tried to use [Decoy] to have it stop attacking the others on the ground, but I only had 1 rank on the skill.

Maybe I should have brought Darkness along, but I wanted to leave her down there to protect the others.

Still, Darkness did her job and attracted Balagos to her with [Decoy].

"You won't harm my friends!"

"Oh? You're quite the exemplary female knight, aren't you…? And quite beautiful, as well… Fufun… Perhaps I shall feast on your virgin blood after this…?"

Darkness blushed then slashed the dragon away with her lance.

"V-Virgin…?! I'll have you know that I have plenty of experience!"

"Please… I know your type. Holy warriors such as yourself dedicate yourself to training and do not know the pleasures of the flesh… Same goes to that blue-haired one over there wearing priest garbs…"

Aqua raised a brow at Balagos and said,

"...Is your common sense still stuck in the ancient era or something? There isn't really any rule forbidding those of the cloth from fornicating anymore."

"Eh? Really?"

Balagos stopped in his tracks. He reached up to scratch his face with his claw.

"Ah, that's embarrassing…"

…Can someone tell me why this dragon boss is getting embarrassed?!

Aqua grinned and leaned forward tauntingly.

"Are, are? Is this boomer dragon getting embarrassed? You really thought that girls as sexy as Darkness and I are still virgins? Pu, pu, pu! How cute… If anyone is actually inexperienced, isn't it the dragon that's been cooped up here for so long? Ah, I bet you haven't had any action, too. Is that why you slayed your fellow dragons in the other world? Maybe you only slayed female dragons, is that right? I bet you're one of those 'incels' I heard about!"

The dragon somehow blushed. I didn't even know dragons were capable of blushing.

"I-I don't know what this 'incel' is, but I bet it's incredibly insulting! Fine, if you really think I'm inexperienced, then I'll change into a human form and show you and that female knight what I can…!"

"[Bind]."

Both Chris and I had the same idea and used [Bind] while it was distracted.

"Ah."

It looked down at the ropes binding it.

For extra measure, Mary even wrapped it with her vines.

We then surrounded it, pointing our weapons at it.

Balagos started sweating, its eyes darting around.

"W-W-Wait, there's no need to do this! I can give you my treasure! I hid it, so you won't be able to find it if you kill me!"

Aika-chan smiled and said,

"Actually, this dungeon room will lead us to any treasure hidden by this boss monster, if we defeat it. Some rooms are designed like that."

"Ah, so that's why those stairs sometimes open up to lead us to a treasure room…"

"There's something like that?! Oi, don't you feel bad for me?! I was just randomly kidnapped and brought to this dungeon! I can't even go to the other floors because they're all scared of me! I tried to go to that city called Lizardia, but they asked if I committed murders in the past and some lie-detecting bell caught me! Now I'm stuck here all alone…!"

I was starting to feel bad for it now.

Especially since it was pleading for its life like this.

But we were fighting Wiz soon, we couldn't afford to fool around.

I smiled and said,

"You've had a rough life, I see."

"Exactly! So will you please…"

"[Merciless Slash]!"

At the very least, I gave it a swift, painless death.

Part 2

You have gained 20 levels!

Since I dealt the final blow on the 98th floor boss, I gained an insane amount of levels at once.

This puts me at level 160…

"You're so greedy for taking the last hit, Kazuma…"

Aqua said, which made me turn to her in irritation.

"Hah? Weren't you the one who went 'god bloooow!' against the Elder Brain for no reason?! I don't wanna hear that from you!"

I turned to Mitsurugi and pointed an accusing finger at him.

"Besides, isn't it this guy who almost always places in the top 3 of damage dealers, and gets a bunch of EXP every time even if he didn't deal the killing blow?! Why don't you accuse him?!"

"Come to think of it… Oi, Kyouya! You do end up in the leaderboard most of the time!"

Since Aqua was easily distracted, she turned her wrath to Mitsurugi this time.

Mitsurugi still respected Aqua a lot, so he panicked.

"B-But Aqua-sama… Um, doesn't Iris-chan also get a lot of leaderboard finishes? And she gets the final hit more than I do…"

Oi.

Was this guy really hiding behind Iris?

Aqua turned to Iris and immediately they stared at each other for a long time.

"...Got anything to say?"

Iris said, the usually cute imouto giving Aqua a cold look.

Ah, crap.

There was still tension between those two because of what happened to Iris's kingdom.

I was about to intervene, but Aqua just looked to the side.

"...Not really."

She was mature enough to let the matter drop.

No, arguing about who is getting more EXP is undoubtedly immature.

While Aqua was having her worthless fit, the usual stairs opened up to us, leading to the treasure room.

That poor Balagos really thought he could bribe us with treasure.

We went down to check out the loot.

"Ohh, look at all these crystals!"

Aqua said, once we saw a beautiful pile of glowing crystals.

"These are all high-grade manatite."

Chris noted, as she picked one up.

I turned to look at Megumin, who was already salivating as she saw all of these crystals.

"...Megumin, we've gotta divide them among us. You know that, right?"

"And why's that? Don't you have that busted [Drain Touch] already? Why do you need a share?"

Was she really trying to horde these for herself?!

"...[Drain Touch] only works if I'm directly touching the opponent."

"Nice try, but you can just create a dungeon door and absorb mana from within…"

She sure was insistent!

I managed to convince her to give me at least a couple high-grade manatite crystals.

Aside from that, there were also legendary grade health potions.

Health Potion (Legendary)

Fully restore your health and gain a temporary +20 health points.

Sells for: Priceless

There were enough of these for everyone.

We also took in the piles of miscellaneous treasure including gold.

I would put this in Norse's treasury once more.

…

…

The fight with Balagos went easier than we thought, but there were only two floors left. We didn't want to rush it.

There were also a couple days of summer break left.

While I was thinking about returning to school, I remembered my promise of retaining my normality.

That meant not skipping on important things like school, even if it was inefficient to go when I could train the whole day.

To be honest, it was still hard to stay disciplined enough not to head down that path.

Even though I knew that becoming obsessed with the dungeon, trying to acquire as much power as possible, even if I had good intentions, it would surely lead to a bad ending.

Becoming something like a machine that only functioned to get stronger, I didn't want that kind of life for myself.

So, I kept reminding myself that maintaining a balance was important.

Still, when I got back to the mansion…

I set my bottle of beer down.

"...Should I really be… hic! Spending the whole night like this drinking?"

I said to my drinking buddies, Aqua and Sena.

Additionally, Mitsurugi joined us that night.

He was more of a casual drinker and only joined us once in a while.

Still, we did share a few beers before, so I knew he liked his drink.

Tonight, though, with the battle against Wiz drawing so near, I was beginning to question why I myself wasn't a casual drinker too.

OK, I have been understating it, but I have been developing a bit of a bad habit when it comes to drinking these days.

I try to limit myself as much as possible, but…

It just feels too good to get drunk!

Aqua laughed as she finished chugging her beer and motioned for Sena to pour her more.

"What's the matter, Kazuma? Just loosen up!"

I don't wanna become like her!

Sena looked down in shame.

"...Perhaps I shouldn't have allowed you kids to drink…"

Mitsurugi sipped his drink and said,

"It's not your fault, Sena. It's just that these two lack moderation…"

"Oi, Kyouya, drink more!"

"Y-Yes, Aqua-sama!"

He sure folded right away.

After having drunk her fill, Aqua passed out on the couch.

Mitsurugi excused herself, leaving me with Sena.

"Sorry, Sena, I think I said some weird stuff there."

She gave me a gentle smile.

"It's fine. You have a lot on your mind, I imagine."

"...I'm just thinking if it's really alright to goof off like this, go to school and all that…"

She looked at me for a while and said,

"You're asking if it's OK to be human?"

I guess it did sound ridiculous if framed like that.

She smiled and said,

"Soldiers don't live on the battlefield. They have loved ones to return to. Don't let this war consume you, Kazuma-san. If that happens… I don't think I'll be able to live with myself…"

I stared at her, then stood up.

"Kazuma-san…? Mnn!"

I leaned down and kissed her.

I smiled as I pulled back.

"You said the right thing I needed to hear…"

"I'm glad to help… Mnn!"

I kissed her again.

"Sena, why don't we continue what we did in that tent…?"

Of course, she quickly nodded.

"I-I'd like that…"

She took my hand and we went to her room.

Part 3

"Kazuma-san…"

Sena gasped as I held her from behind and kissed her neck.

"You've been wanting this since last time, haven't you?"

"Well…'

Of course, after having seen what sex was like, I knew that she was craving it really badly. I chuckled and proceeded to indulge her.

I helped her out of her blouse, reaching over to unbutton it. I enjoyed seeing her mature frame. Well, I say mature, but she was in her very early twenties. Still, she was way past the development stage and I was able to enjoy the sophisticated build of her fit frame, a good mix of trained muscles and subtle, delicate curves.

I sifted my hand through her silky black hair, enjoying the feel and faint smell of her floral shampoo. It was only her second time and I treated her with the gentleness she deserved. I knew that she was raring to go, though. Instead of teasing her or prolonging her wait, I already started to unhook her bra, before taking my own shirt off.

After a series of kisses, caresses and more clothes flying off, Sena was soon laying on her back, her legs spread out, with me gently eating her out.

She moaned while watching me adoringly, something like disbelief in her eyes, as if she couldn't believe that I was really servicing her like this. By all respects, Sena was a woman that I would have considered beyond my league during my NEET days, but she was the one who was viewing me on a pedestal this time.

I smiled and went up after she enjoyed a screaming orgasm. I placed my hard cock on her wet entrance, coating myself in the natural lubrication of her juices.

"Ready?"

She gave a quick nod.

Her head snatched back as I pushed my way in. That first thrust never gets old, especially as I felt the distinct structure of her wet pussy coiling around me.

From there, we made tender love as I used all of my skill to carefully explore her pussy. She wasn't a virgin anymore, which meant that I could also prioritize my own pleasure to some extent without completely accommodating her.

I picked up her waist, earning a surprised gasp from her, as I started to dick her down, clenching my core to feel more of that pleasure rather than delaying it. I felt each thrust more intensely now as the pleasure gathered from my groin and went up to my belly then to my chest.

The visual stimuli of her tits bouncing in half-circles only added to the gathering fuel, not to mention her moans and that reverent look she still had.

"Kazuma-san…! This is so good…!"

The last time, I let her have her way with me, used me as a vehicle for her to learn the ways of pleasure. This time, I wanted to establish my dominance.

Once I felt my own orgasm coming, I pulled out and mounted her chest, aiming my cock right at her face. Her eyes widened in surprise but she didn't pull away.

Then, I gave her a big facial, my cum covering her glasses.

"Mnph…!"

She flinched away, not used to having ropes of cum all over her face, but she soon turned back and properly took the last few shots to her face.

"...So this is a facial, huh…?"

She said in wonder, as she slowly took off her glasses and inspected the sticky fluid all over her face.

I chuckled as I sat down.

"Sorry, I just felt the urge to do that. Do you hate it?"

She quickly shook her head.

"Not at all! I'm up for anything!"

She sure was eager.

Then again, she probably had lots of fantasies as well, considering how backed up she was.

"The same offer goes to you, but for now, we should probably get you cleaned up."

"Um, I can still keep going…"

I coughed into my hand and approached this carefully.

"Well, I can, too, but you're rather new to Rin's harem, so the supreme leader might be offended if you got too much time… Rather if you want an extension, please take it up with Rin-sama."

"I-Is Rin-san really the one in charge of this harem?!"

I guess she thought that we were just exaggerating before.

When I answered with a solemn nod, she said,

"I see… So I guess that means that Kazuma-san is gonna make the rounds now… Don't you get tired of sleeping with so many women every night?"

"Of course not."

Rather, I considered it a blessing.

After saying good night to Sena, I continued my long night of lovemaking with the others.

As well as making a visit to Norse to increase my stats with the goddesses.

You cunning and magic power went up by +2!

Part 4

I woke up the next morning with Rin cuddling up to me.

Of course, after a night pleasing everyone, I'd wake up to the true matron. My mornings were reserved for Rin, after all.

She had her hair down this time, blessing me with the sight of her lovely brown locks curtaining my shoulder. A tender gaze looked at me through her loose bangs.

"...You know, I really prefer it when you haven't styled your hair yet."

"That's such a guy thing to say."

"I mean, I like the effort you put into your looks, but this version is a lot more comfy to me…"

"You're only saying that because you have something to compare to. If I went to school with my hair uncombed, you wouldn't even glance my way."

"That's such a girl thing to say."

"Is it now?"

"Yup. Cuteness can't be hidden that easily. Guys like me, proper connoisseurs, can sniff it out. Speaking of which…"

"Oi, stop smelling me!"

She playfully batted me away, before we proceeded with the usual morning routine.

I buried my face in her unkempt hair while plowing her from behind. The matron, for all her authority over this household, was still a much smaller girl who I could easily manhandle. Since I'm like one of the many husbands whose domestic victories were limited to that of the bedroom, I enjoyed this temporary power I had over her and plowed Rin over and over.

Deep strokes made her shake and scream out my name, all of it culminating in a creampie.

After enjoying the afterglow, I watched Rin drinking the vial with the birth control medicine I gave her. I was a bit sad that Rin wasn't ready to have babies yet, but I also knew that she wasn't nearly as insane as us, even if she was the enabler for our madness by allowing this whole arrangement to go on.

While Rin started dressing up and combing her messy hair, proceeding to gather it all up into her signature ponytail, I looked at my phone and thought about where to allocate my skill points.

All 180 of them.

It was a bit difficult to think of where to allocate these skill points, but after scrolling through my list of skills, I decided to go with [Overwhelm] first.

Wiz was a master of ice magic and I needed a way to break out of her crowd control spells, like [Cursed Crystal Prison]. Since [Overwhelm] was part of the Crusader skill list, I could put it all the way to Rank 20.

[Overwhelm] Skill Rank: 20, Active Skill (10 mp)

You can shake off any attempts to disable your movement, whether it's magical or physical. You also have defenses against magic that aims to control your mind or body. Success of this skill depends on your Willpower (106) + Magic Resistance (20). You will make this save at double advantage.

If I'm fighting Wiz, I also need a way to counter her [Drain Touch], along with any other skills that would regenerate her health.

The next skill I should upgrade should then be [Anti-Heal].

[Anti-Heal] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Passive Skill

When you attack a target, they cannot heal for the next 3 seconds after that attack, whether it's by a regeneration effect or holy magic. This effect does not stack, but you can attack again after the 3 seconds are over to reset the effect. You also reduce the effectiveness of damage reduction abilities such as [Ignore Pain] by 50%.

This [Anti-Heal] skill didn't have a Rank-Up feature allocated to it, so it could only go up to Rank 5.

Still, it was useful to invest some points into.

Next, I did have [Drain Touch] to recover mana, but in case I somehow couldn't use the dungeon doors against Wiz, I'd be in trouble.

I doubted I could get close enough to touch her directly and absorb her mana.

And so, I looked at the skill [Spell Efficiency].

[Spell Efficiency] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Passive Skill

Decrease all mana cost of spells by 10 (minimum 1).

Advanced magic would now only cost 20 mp to cast, while Intermediate magic now only cost about as much as Elementary magic to cast, with just 1 mp.

I had an idea of using intermediate magic to create magic arrows, how that they were only 1 mp to cast.

[Freeze Gust] could be used to make ice arrows.

But then I looked at [Wind Blade].

My affinity was in Wind magic, after all.

Not to mention the sheer damage potential.

I slipped out of bed and told Rin that I wanted to try something. She just shrugged and went back to styling her hair.

Meanwhile, I created a dungeon door and headed to my practice area.

I then deployed some target golems.

I changed my [Elemental Proficiency] and [Signature Spell].

Then proceeded to shape [Wind Blade] with [Smithing].

Due to the [Magic Archery] skill, I had no problems with this.

I loaded the wind arrow and watched as it tore clean through the golem.

In fact, nothing remained of it, as if it was shredded by microscopic blades.

I then tried it with [Rapid Shot] and [Delay Spell].

The results were devastating.

A rapid volley of wind arrows tore through the targets as soon as they came up.

It seems I discovered yet another ridiculous weapon.

I decided to go ahead and max out [Elemental Profiency], [Signature Spell] and [Intermediate Magic] as well.

[Elemental Proficiency] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Passive Skill

When you are using spells of this element, the power of the spell increases by +20 (Wind Magic).

[Signature Spell] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Passive Skill

When you are using your signature spell, add +20 power and effectiveness to the spell. You will also need 1 less mana to cast the spell, with a minimum cost of 1. [Wind Blade] is your signature spell.

[Intermediate Magic] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Active Skill (10 mp)

Unlock the ability to use the intermediate magic spells, [Fireball], [Wind Blade], [Freeze Gust], [Lightning], [Wind Wall].

[Fireball]

Throw a ball of fire with a range of 120-feet. Creatures within a 30-foot radius sphere receive 40 fire damage plus your Magic Power modifier (+10).

Spell Attack Accuracy: Intelligence modifier = 121% chance of hitting

[Wind Blade]

Release a blade of wind with a range of 180-feet. Creatures hit by the 20-foot wide blade receive 40 wind damage plus your Magic Power modifier (+10)

Spell Attack Accuracy: Intelligence modifier = 121% chance of hitting

[Freeze Gust]

Create a freezing fog that occupies a 30-foot cube. Creatures within contest their Willpower stat against your Magic Power (105) stat. If they fail the contest, they will receive the 'Frozen' condition for 16 seconds. If they succeed, they will receive the 'Slowed' condition for 8 seconds instead.

[Lightning]

Summon a bolt of lightning. A target within a 180-feet radius centered from yourself takes 40 lightning damage plus your Magic Power modifier (+10).

Spell Attack Accuracy: Intelligence modifier = 121% chance of hitting

[Wind Wall]

Summon a barricade of wind within 60-feet of yourself. It is 30 feet wide and 30 feet tall. Reduces the accuracy of incoming projectiles by your Magic Power modifier (+10). If projectiles do get through, they deal only half damage instead.

I decided to take a break from the skill points allocation, since there was a lot to figure out and I needed to prepare for developing those who hadn't unlocked the app yet.

Part 5

After an extensive session, the last batch of non-app users finally unlocked their potential, with the last being my brother Kazuto.

"Tsk… Why did it take so long… My arms hurt from swinging that mallet around!"

Kazuto rubbed his sore arms from playing whack-a-mole all day.

"Stop complaining and get some rest."

Normally I'd have them move to the next stage with Megumin, but I made all of them stay extra long this time. I didn't want anyone to be left behind in terms of unlocking their potential.

As we were finished, I watched Ame going down with the others. She saw me and Kazuto and went up to us.

Kazuto smirked and took this chance to hide behind Ame.

"Ame nee-chan~! This meanie nii-san of mine is bullying me…"

Ame raised a brow and crossed her arms.

"Is this true, Kazuma?"

I sighed and said,

"Ame, you should know by now that this brat always hides behind you with crocodile tears whenever something doesn't go his way. Just ignore him."

"Hm… I guess I do remember you doing that a lot, Kazuto-kun."

"Tch… Ame nee-chan, you always play favorites… Well, I know how close you two are."

Ame and I blushed as Kazuto stated that and walked away.

We were indeed close, but…

Things have changed since then.

Still, I was determined to get as close as I was to Ame back then.

I even declared to her that the promise was still on.

And so, I looked at Ame in the eyes and said,

"...Are you free right now? It's been a while since we hung out."

She jolted and suddenly started playing with one of her twintails.

"Oh, yeah. That's fine. I've been meaning to ask you out before summer break ends, anyway."

I chuckled seeing her act flustered like this.

Since I last saw her, it was clear that Ame got even more popular at school.

She always had a lot of friends, which was what made it awkward for me to approach her in middle school.

And her social skills have increased since then. I could tell that much from when I saw her at karaoke with all her friends from school.

But all that confidence and those social skills she built up seemed inconsequential right now. I guess it was because that promise was stuck firmly in her mind now.

To be frank, I enjoyed seeing her like this.

"So, where do you wanna go, Kazuma?"

"Hmm… Got any place in mind? New York, Venice…"

"...?!! I-I forgot that we could just teleport anywhere in the world now…"

"Never forget that. I got you that earpiece, so always remember you can teleport away at any sign of danger."

I made the earpieces for everyone that connected to the divine laptop, but it seemed like they still weren't used to its capabilities.

"...For now let's just stick to Tokyo."
"Sounds good."

Ame said that she just wanted to talk and not do anything too extravagant, so I went and just booked a private booth at a casual restaurant that bordered enough on the fancy side. It was an impressive place to take a girl to, without putting on any weird expectations. You could also get inside with just street clothes on.

The waitress led us inside the booth and Ame ordered a latte and a mousse cake. I just went with iced tea.

Ame seemed comfortable in this kinda place, and I had to bite down a flare of jealousy knowing that Ame had been on her fair share of dates here and there in the past. It was a selfish feeling, considering my romantic experience probably towered over hers. And it was all my fault that I didn't go after Ame when I had a chance back then.

I wasn't gonna miss my chance now.

After we got our food and spent about an hour catching up, I looked Ame in the eyes again and said,

"So… You said you were fine with taking that promise seriously, right?"

She blushed, but it quickly went away this time. I was reminded that Ame had matured a lot since then. She could tell this was a serious matter and put aside her embarrassment.

"...Yeah. In the first place, I took that promise seriously the entire time, and I thought that you forgot about it."

I nodded while rubbing my temples.

"I'm an idiot."

"Don't blame yourself so much. I mean, it's not normal for kids to take that kinda promise seriously, anyway. And you thought my cousin was…"

"Enough about that!"

I felt bad since Ame was being so mature about this, but I couldn't help but cringe about that stupid mistake of mine.

"So… How do you wanna handle this?"

I asked, broaching the topic delicately.

To be honest, with how experienced I was now, if Ame just said 'let's go to a hotel and seal the deal right now', I wouldn't have hesitated to do so.

But that was just from my perspective. I knew that Ame didn't have that kind of sexual experience, even if she wasn't completely innocent.

As for the barrier of the 'childhood friends' label. Well... It's been a while since we actually saw each other as kids. I couldn't exactly see her as one now. All I could see Ame as was an attractive high school girl who had dating experience of her own. And she knew exactly what I got up to. So that wouldn't be an issue.

All that mattered now was how slow or how fast she wanted to take this.

"...Honestly? I figure we go on a few more dates and… Well, I'm fine with escalating things from there."

There was a small blush, but she didn't take her eyes away from mine, showing she was serious about this.

Should I be happy that things are going smoothly with Ame, or should I be a bit sad that we lost our childhood innocence, that we could talk about such things so openly?

"That sounds good."

She smiled and placed her chin on her hands while leaning towards me. She had a sentimental look in her eyes.

"...Where did my sweet Kazuma go? You've become way too much of a playboy, you know?"

I guess she was having the same thoughts.

"Says you… You just agreed to doing all kinds of adult things with me in the future… Talking about 'escalating things from there'... You've had this kind of conversation before, haven't you?"

She chuckled and said,

"I've had this conversation exactly once before, not like it actually went anywhere serious. Now, how many times have you seduced a girl just like this, Kazuma?"

I coughed into my hand and looked away. She said,

"Exactly. Well, I'm not gonna hold that over your head, Kazuma. I'm just teasing you like you're teasing me."

She chuckled again, which made me smile.

"...Seriously, though. Just how much have you done, Ame, and with how many guys…"

I couldn't help but ask this.

I guess I'm a selfish bastard after all.

"Did you seriously just ask that? You, the guy who I heard was sleeping with gods and demons and whatever else…?!"

"If there's anyone who played around with your heart, Ame, tell me their names and I'll pay them a visit…"

"Are you my dad?! And my dating history is just normal. Normal, get it? If I told you about it, you'd probably just fall asleep from boredom."

"Don't be ridiculous… Now tell me who I should eliminate…"

Ame then sighed and finally obliged me.

After a few minutes…

"...So, he was a mutual friend that my friend from track and field told me about and I said 'hey why not', maybe give him a chance and he was kinda cool and… Hey, Kazuma, are you listening?"

She was right.

My eyes were glazing over from boredom.

I stared at her and said,

"Ame… Maybe you can date a few other guys before we do anything serious…"

"Hah?! What do you mean?!"

I imagined something a bit less pedestrian.

"You deserve to have some fun, Ame."

"...I told you it was boring. Why are you surprised?"

"Rather than eliminating those guys… Maybe I should apologize to them on your behalf."

"Oi, those relationships ended on good terms!"

"More like they ended because you didn't give most of them anything!"

"You expect me to spread my legs as easily as you give out your goods to all those girls around you?! Am I a bad girl for having standards?!"

I pressed the service buzzer.

"Um, yes, can I have the bill, please?"

"Kazuma… Don't you dare end the date like this!"

"...I've never seen a girl as popular as you, as attractive as you, have such a snore-inducing dating history…"

She grinned and pointed at me.

"Well, then, you better add some spice into my life."

Ah, she managed to turn that on me.

When she saw me blushing, she chuckled.

"Heh. I may not be as experienced, but don't underestimate me, Kazuma…"

In the end, we both ended up laughing.

From now on, we weren't just childhood friends anymore.

More like, I'd try not to let that hold me back.

Our past and the regrets that come with it.

It doesn't matter anymore.

Part 6

Before we started our expedition into the 99th floor, I made sure to properly allocate the rest of my skill points.

I went to Aika-chan, who was having dessert with Mary in the dining room.

While they ate their pudding, I said,

"Aika, my dear…"

"Dearest papa… I know you're gonna ask me about the 99th floor dungeon boss or something of the like… And I must tell you, my beloved papa, what I've told you many times in the past, that I can't divulge such information easily…"

"Oh, come on. There's only two boss monsters left. We both know that I'm the hero and even the big boss of all goddesses, Kirin-sama, granted me an audience… Just spill the beans already!"

"Tch, fine… Well, you already know that the last floor boss is a Lich. The 99th floor boss is a vampire…"

"Tell me about this vampire. Does it have weaknesses like the vampires in stories?"

"Well, it's not weak to garlic, or anything… That was just a rumor that stemmed from a vampire with a severe garlic allergy… As for silver, items made out of silver will only allow you to bypass their physical resistances as if your items were magical. So if you have magic weapons, it's not like you need silver. Oh, but they are still incredibly weak to sunlight and light magic."

So I needed to either invest in [Light of Saber] or [Flash], huh?

I had more experience with [Flash] and its utility has served me well in previous battles, so I decided to max it out.

[Flash] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Active Skill (5 mp cost)

A flash of light that traverses from you in a 30-foot cone, blinding all targets within that have their eyes open. Success depends on your Magic Power (105) against the opponent's Willpower, which the opponent will have to overcome at double disadvantage. They will remain blinded until they pass the saving throw, which they will be allowed to challenge every five seconds. If the target is weak to light magic, this skill automatically applies to them. A critical failure on the target's part will result in permanent blindness unless their eyesight is healed.

Ah… This spell has become quite the powerful one…!

Not only would it be useful on the vampire, it'd be useful on just about anything!

Next, I looked to max out [Decoy].

There were times when [Decoy] would straight up not work because it was only at Rank 1. In the case that Darkness needed help attracting an enemy's attention, I wanted to be able to support her.

[Decoy] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Active Skill: 5 mp

Attract the attention of targets to you, the maximum number of which is 20 enemies. Your Bravery (105) will go against the target's Intuition when determining the success of this skill, and the target will have to make the save at double disadvantage. If the target has a critical failure, you will gain +10 AC towards them.

…I wasn't sure if I'd want to have 20 enemies wanting to kill me.

But if I could juggle that aggro with Darkness, we could potentially lure a bunch of enemies to focus between us.

Now, my critical hit build was already pretty crazy.

As such, I didn't feel the need to improve my crit chance much higher.

And when I consulted the crystal ball, it told me that increasing [Critical Boost] from the Archery class wouldn't actually increase my crit chance past 50%.

Instead, putting it at Rank 20 decreases defenses that would mitigate crit damage.

I decided to put points into it anyway, in case Wiz had such skills.

[Critical Boost] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Passive Skill

Your Critical Hit chance permanently increases by 50%. Any means of decreasing critical hit chance and damage will have its effectiveness cut by 50%.

It wasn't a terribly exciting upgrade, but it was a good insurance move, just like all the points I invested into safe, defensive skills.

As for the rest of the skill points…

It's been a while, so I put 40 of them into Luck.

Evenly distributing them would just be a waste at this point, so I might as well just stick to my crit build.

And like I said before, Luck affects pretty much every aspect of life, anyway, so it was good to invest in it no matter what.

I left 3 skill points unspent in case I needed to use them on something.

I was now at 305 Luck…

Rather than superhuman level, I was approaching the realm of the divine, wasn't I?

Well, hopefully with how lucky I was now…

I could bring about a happy ending for everyone, including Wiz.

Part 7

With my skill points allocated, we headed to the 99th floor.

To warm up, we dealt with the mobs on the floor.

I tested my wind arrows on the mobs.

Creatures that were like bipedal turtles with spikes on their shells were torn apart by the wind arrows.

Along with the maxed out [Rapid Shot], not even blood remained from the turtles.

"...You've come up with another ridiculous thing…"

Mitsurugi said, when he observed the damage I caused.

I then tried launching a volley of varying elemental arrows.

Since [Intermediate Magic] was only at 1 mp now, I could spam as many as I wanted.

Launching fire arrows, lightning arrows and also going back to ice arrows.

I still defaulted to using the wind arrows now due to its sheer destructive property, but now my options were varied.

After warming up, we went to the 99th floor boss room.

Once we confirmed everyone's readiness, we entered.

The first thing we saw was a flash of lightning in the moonlit sky.

Of course, everything including the full moon we saw was fabricated by the dungeon.

Including the towering castle we saw on top of a high cliff.

"...About what you'd expect of a vampire's lair, huh? How exciting!"

Rin, who loved fairy tales and fantasy stories, was immediately fascinated.

"What a majestic castle. It kind of reminds me of the one I lived in before."

Iris said, appreciating the architecture of the castle, which was splendid even in the darkness.

I patted her head when I saw that she was getting a nostalgic look in her eyes.

"Well, then, let's go…"

I said, having everyone nod as they followed me.

Before we could approach the castle, however…

A cloud of bats came flying out from the castle, heading straight towards us.

Their screeching made us cover our ears. In fact, hearing it made us dizzy and stagger backwards, telling me that they had some kind of sonic ability.

I tried to shoot them down with wind arrows, but I needed two hands to do that, and I couldn't focus with the screeching affecting me.

I then switched to casting [Tornado], but casting advanced magic required focus, which I wasn't able to do with all the screeching.

"Gaahh, make it stop! That screeching is so loud!"

Aqua said, further adding to the noise by screaming herself.

I hurriedly took out my adamantite armor.

"[Smithing]!"

I modified the armor to make it completely shut out the noise.

I sighed while the helmet guarded me from the screeching.

Once I was able to focus, I casted [Tornado].

I let the winds tear the bats, which were thankfully not that tanky and were immediately shredded by the winds. Once the spell's duration concluded, there were no more bats left.

"Phew… I thought I was gonna hurl."

Aqua said, while clutching her stomach.

"...If they got closer, that would have been bad."

Chris said, as she shook her head to reorient herself.

Apparently, these vampires also had the ability to drain blood from their victims.

So they debilitated targets from afar with their screeching, they flew close to suck their blood.

"...If more of those bats are gonna be in the castle, we're gonna be in trouble."

I then made gear for everyone that would protect them from the screeching.

These were earmuffs that still included the divine earpieces within, so we could communicate with each other.

Once we had proper protection, we headed up the cliff, ready to enter the castle.

…

…

The castle doors opened up for us as we approached. Within the dark reception area, we saw a white piano that caught the strands of moonlight speeding through the windows.

There was a man wearing a tuxedo and a cape over it. He was enthusiastically playing the piano, his fingers rapidly dancing over the keys.

….We couldn't hear him, though.

He took a full minute to do this, until he turned to us, expectantly.

"...? ….!!!"

We watched blankly as he said something we couldn't hear.

Once it was obvious that we couldn't hear him, he stood up and started waving his arms around angrily.

Curious about what he was saying, I used [Espionage] to read his lips.

"I performed that wonderful piece, and none of you even heard it?! How rude! What kind of heroes are you?! It's your obligation to listen to…"

Seeing that he wasn't saying anything worthwhile, I held my hand out.

"[Flash]."

He screamed while covering his eyes, as the dark reception room was filled with light.

"My eyes! My eyes! It hurts!"

The others took that chance to attack.

Iris leapt forward, swinging her sword at the vampire.

Unfortunately, he disappeared and bats came out to replace him.

The bats didn't need to pierce through armor to suck blood. They had a skill that could activate as long as they were within five feet of a target.

Their eyes glowed red and Iris let out a gasp of pain as blood was magically siphoned from her body, transferring into the bats.

The bats were then empowered by the life force and flew around rapidly, working to surround us.

While I was focused on the bats, I barely noticed the vampire coming out from the shadows, appearing right in front of me.

"Grrk…!"

With just a touch, I felt sharp pains all over my body.

I felt my energy and life force being sapped.

As an undead, I figured that he'd have the [Drain Touch] ability.

But he also flinched as [Thorns] reflected some of the damage back to him.

I took out Chunchunmaru to retaliate, but he disappeared once more, producing even more bats.

…It seemed that he had an ability to hide and produce bats when doing so.

How troublesome.

This reminded me of my fight against the mutant Rookie Killer.

Dealing with enemies that could blink away was a pain…

Not only that, but he was selective with his targets.

He avoided the frontline and attacked the damage dealers.

When he appeared again, he went to Yunyun and used [Drain Touch] on her as well.

"Ahhh…!"

Thankfully, her mage robes provided some defenses, but…

She couldn't survive taking too much damage upfront like that.

"Bastard…!"

I couldn't keep my calm as I saw Yunyun getting hurt and rushed towards the vampire.

Only for him to disappear again and produce more bats, which surrounded Yunyun.

"Yunyun, use [Teleport]!"

I couldn't risk having Yunyun stay and have all her blood leeched by the bats.

Thankfully, she obeyed my order and teleported out.

We were one member down…

Should we all retreat at this point?

No, as much as I hated to risk the others like this, I knew the fight with Wiz would be way more challenging.

She was more powerful than this vampire and would undoubtedly use similar tricks.

He was even using [Drain Touch].

He was the closest opponent we had to testing our power against Wiz.

And so, I decided to keep fighting.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Bloodzone15, 1SOGGYBOI, JJLPH20 and 69 others
BoringBone
Jul 6, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 83: Blessings on this Idol Sleepover! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Jul 18, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,833
Chapter 83: Blessings on this Idol Sleepover!

Part 1

"Kazuma-san, I drank the potion! Should I teleport back now?"

I heard Yunyun's voice through my earpiece.

"Not yet. I'll tell you to teleport in when there's an opening."

"Got it!"

With that said, if this vampire managed to take out those who couldn't teleport, we'd have to just retreat at that point.

The vampire didn't stop blinking around the field, leaving bats in his wake. He wisely avoided the frontliners and pursued Chris, Rin, Megumin and I.

He also avoided Aqua, since she was obviously a priest who could do damage to him.

He must have sensed her holy aura, too.

Intelligent enemies are the worst to deal with…

He made a mistake with Megumin, though.

Megumin wasn't just a frail mage.

Once he appeared in front of Megumin, she swung her staff at him.

It hit him right on the shoulder and he let out a scream of pain as the explosive runes, combined with the Orichalcum staff, blew his body to pieces.

But then my passive skill, [Analytic Eye], showed me that there was something wrong.

"Megumin, that's just an illusion…!"

"Eh…? Urk…!"

I watched in horror as the vampire's real body suddenly appeared behind Megumin and simply touched her shoulder.

Necrotic energies emerged from his hand and Megumin slumped over, her skin becoming pale.

"Damnit!"

Thankfully, Rin acted quickly.

She used her wind spirits to accelerate her forward, then she grabbed Megumin and teleported her away.

I used the earpiece to talk to Rin.

"Rin, how is she?!"

"I'm using the potion on her now!"

"Standby with Yunyun."

We were dropping like flies.

Mitsurugi and Iris tried to flank him, while Chris snuck from behind and threw a rope.

But the vampire was already gone, leaving another illusion in his wake.

Of course it could use illusion magic…

"Sigh… I'm getting tired of you all teleporting around…"

The vampire said, before raising his hand.

"[Dimensional Anchor]!"

Golden, ethereal chains suddenly appeared from the vampire's palms and wrapped around our ankles. The chains then attached themselves to the ground. I tried to move, but found that it didn't restrict my movement at all.

Aika-chan looked at me in a panic.

"Papa! [Dimensional Anchor] is a rare spell that prevents targets from using spatial-transportation spells like [Teleport]!"

So that meant that we couldn't even retreat using [Teleport]?

And if the others returned, there was a chance they could get hit by this spell, too.

The vampires chuckled and said,

"Fufu… My clan's specialty is in spatial magic… I've heard that some of my descendants have even figured out cross-dimensional magic in the way of portals…"

That sounded familiar.

I heard about a vampire in the Demon King's army, who was the inventor of those portals that opened a gateway to our realm.

This guy was the ancestor of that vampire?

If a vampire as powerful as this is one of the Demon King's generals…

I couldn't help but feel some despair.

But there was no use thinking about that now.

We could try to physically escape, but I was sure this guy would just teleport towards us.

He wouldn't let us go out of that front door.

So that meant we had to take him down now.

"[Flash]!"

I yelled out the spell that once blinded him.

This caused him to act.

But I wasn't planning to use that spell at all.

Just when he was about to teleport…

"[Skill Bind]!"

I used [Skill Bind] instead to prevent him from blinking away.

He was confused as he remained in the same spot.

Chris recognized what I was doing.

Instead of attacking, she stuck behind.

"[Skill Bind]!"

Whenever it looked like he was about to teleport away or create an illusion, Chris and I would take turns using [Skill Bind].

In this way, the frontliners were able to advance on him.

We were all used to fighting together by now.

Mary-chan extended her vines to try and grapple the vampire's feet. He flew back, his cloak flapping like wings.

He landed beside the piano he was playing on before.

Of course this vampire could fly too…

Aika-chan dashed to his flank.

"[Aika-Chan's Amazing Triple Attack]!"

Aika-chan yelled out her signature move and spun in a deadly whirl of blades.

But the vampire just snapped his fingers.

Suddenly, the piano started to move.

It then launched itself towards Aika-chan.

"How is this piano moving?!"

Aika-chan yelled, struggling underneath the piano's weight as it clamped itself down on her.

"...It might be a golem like the bodies you're using…"

So this vampire could use golems, too.

More importantly, he was smart enough to disguise it as an object.

I looked around the mansion, at all the furniture lurking in the darkness.

The chandelier, the grandfather clock, the carpets…

Anything here could move.

Maybe the entire mansion itself…

Just when I was thinking that, the ground started to shake.

The vampire started laughing.

Through my lip reading, I heard its next words.

"Bwahaha! I have seen many heroes such as yourself, and none have emerged victorious! I am Strahd Von Zarovich! Dark Lord of Barovia! I've been pretty bored stuck here in this dungeon, so do your best to entertain me, mortals!"

Strahd disappeared once more, but this time, he left a red mist behind him.

Part 2

"Cough… Cough… What's with this mist…?! My health is depleting…"

Not only was it hard to see through the mist, it seemed like it had an HP draining quality to it.

It also made it hard to breathe.

"[Smithing]!"

I altered my armor to block out the noxious mist. I also shaved off some of the adamantite to create gas masks for the others. This made my armor less effective, but at least they wouldn't inhale the mist.

Aqua, however, seemed unaffected even without the armor.

"Fufu… My hagoromo protects me from tricks like this…!"

I looked at Aqua and yelled,

"Oi! Shouldn't you be the perfect counter to this vampire?! Do something useful already!!!"

"You're always quick to blame me! Fine, taste my holy power, fiend! Sacred Turn Un… Deaadd?! Gaacck?!"

Before Aqua could cast the spell, it seemed that Strahd appeared behind her and grabbed her neck.

"Unhand me you filthy… Urk…"

She eventually collapsed on the ground.

"Let go of her…!!!"

Surprisingly, it was Iris who came to Aqua's rescue.

Strahd vanished as Iris's slash met empty air, only displacing the mist temporarily before it reformed again.

I ran over to Aqua, then took out my own potion and poured it on her.

Aqua got up on her feet again.

"Ah, that was close…"

She gave Iris an appreciative look.

"...Thanks for that."

Iris just gave a small nod and didn't respond.

"Everyone, huddle together and protect Aqua while she casts her spell!"

Aside from Aika-chan, who was still pinned down by the piano, the others all formed a circle around Aqua.

[Enemy Detection] wasn't working for me. I guess Strahd had a means to hide his presence.

But with a maxed ranked version of the skill, it seems Chris was able to sense him.

"He's over there!"

She pointed in a direction, but we couldn't see anything.

"Oi, I can't aim for him if I can't see him!"

Aqua said, who squinted her eyes at where Chris was pointing.

I dealt with the mist obscuring our vision.

"[Tornado]! [Control Spell]!"

I didn't want to get my allies caught up in the tornado, so I controlled its speed and direction with [Control Spell], applying just enough power to displace the mist.

Strahd was in the middle of moving towards us and froze as he got caught.

"Ah."

Aqua extended her staff to him.

"[Sacred Turn Undead]…!!!"

Before the attack could hit…

The chandelier suddenly dropped from the ceiling and blocked the beam of holy light.

Another golem…

Strahd laughed.

"Attacking a vampire in his lair is a foolish endeavour!"

We were crowded like this for our protection, but that also came with a risk.

"[Cursed Lighning]!"

Black lightning shot out from Strahd's hands and hit all of us crowding around Aqua.

"Gurk…!"

Since it was a multi-target AoE spell, Darkness couldn't protect us from it.

Once the attack ended, I tried to make a move, but…

I fell to my knees. My body felt numb from the electricity.

I guess this was a side-effect of that spell.

The only one who resisted the effect was Darkness.

Pocky-chan was stunned from the attack, so Darkness dismounted her.

Instead of using the lance, she took out the Winter Shogun's nodachi.

"[Challenge]!"

To prevent Strahd from running away, Darkness locked him in place.

"Hoh… You sure are brave, female knight!"

However, just because Strahd's attention was engaged on Darkness, it didn't mean that he would just let her hit him.

He disappeared and reappeared behind her, summoning bats in the process.

The bats drained Darkness's blood, but she didn't stop attacking Strahd, turning around to swing the nodachi at him.

Her magic blade of pure ice left a trail of tangible cold in the air. Strahd gasped as he couldn't dodge in time. Darkness managed to slash him on the chest, drawing blood. Strahd backed away, but couldn't escape due to the [Challenge] affecting him.

While he could take evasive maneuvers, he was still restricted in how far he could move away from Darkness. He was pretty much tethered around her.

Darkness attacked once more. This time, Strahd was ready for the attack and vanished to her side, leaving more bats to drain blood from Darkness.

"No matter how much blood you draw, no matter how much you torment this body of mine… None of that matters! As long as I'm protecting my friends… Huff… I'll take on any kind of punishment~!"

Oi.

It's been a while so I thought that Darkness was just about reformed, but….

What the hell is happening here?!

Darkness noticed me quietly judging her and said,

"I'm sorry, Kazuma… But this is a special event for me."

"How so?"

"Don't you see? This is a vampire… Among all the evil creatures I fantasized about violating me, vampires are, of course, in the top 10 of that list…"

"Why are there so many?!"

"Vampires are known as hunters of the night who prey on women… Not only by force, but even using seduction and m-m-mind control… Kuh! Just imagining all the ways this vampire can violate not only my body, but also my mind…! Ah, it's so arousing that I feel faint!"

"No, I'm pretty sure you're just losing too much blood."

"Oh."

Darkness soon fainted from blood loss.

She did manage to buy us time, but…

Darkness, you've made so much progress.

Only to disappoint me once more.

Well, I'm used to that, anyway.

Part 3

I needed a way to restrict Strahd's movements.

"[Flash]!"

I tried to use [Flash] again.

But one of the carpets simply flew up and covered Strahd.

"...Did you really think the same tricks would work on me?!"

I guess I'd need to get more creative…

To avoid getting hit by another AoE attack, we split up.

Aqua's exorcism spells were getting blocked anyway, so there was no need to prioritize covering her.

Instead, the frontliners looked for ways to corner him.

But more golems disguised as objects just kept coming out to intercept them.

Knives even flew out to pierce Mitsurugi's armor from behind.

The only realistic way to restrict Strahd was to expose him to light.

But even with a maxed out [Flash], he could easily predict where it's coming from and create cover.

So I needed a way to fill up the entire room with light…

I soon came up with an answer.

"[Smithing]!"

Using the adamantite armor I was wearing…

I converted the material into fine wires.

"[Wire Trap]!"

I then threw these wires, which attached themselves to the walls of the mansion.

Strahd looked around cautiously at these wires, before looking at me, who was holding the end.

"What are you up to…"

These adamantite wires had a much higher melting point than the tungsten filaments light bulbs use.

And so, it was useful for my plan.

"[Lightning]! [Control Spell]!"

Which was to fill these adamantite wires with lightning magic.

The wires suddenly glowed, and the glow kept increasing.

"Gahhh?! Where's this light coming from?!"

This ancient vampire, who had no idea how joule heating worked, couldn't understand how these wires were producing this light.

He tried to blink away, but him and the new bats he created started melting as they were exposed by the light.

I created more wires, spreading them throughout the dimensions of this reception room, then releasing electricity into them.

I thought he was done for, but…

"To think humans would push me this far… [Blood Destruction Wave]...!"

Strahd fell down to his knees and released a devastating wave of red energy that knocked all of us backwards.

"Urk…! [Ignore Pain]!"

To deal with the massive amount of health I was losing at once, I needed to use [Ignore Pain] to delay the damage.

Otherwise I would have been close to being one-shot right there.

Still, it looked like Strahd was drained off all his energy.

We were all knocked away and severely damaged to do anything about it.

However…

"Now!"

Those who were waiting for my orders suddenly teleported in.

Strahd watched as the backliners he took out before were now back in action.

"[Light of Saber]!"

In the end, Yunyun ended up dealing the finishing blow.

"This can't be…!"

Strahd said, as his body disintegrated from the attack.

…

…

"I can't believe he managed to take so many of us out of the battle…"

Chris said, as we watched the treasure room being revealed to us by the dungeon.

"As expected of the 99th floor boss."

Rin agreed with a nod.

I turned to Darkness, who avoided my gaze. She said,

"...W-What is it?"

"You already know what I'm about to say…"

"You're gonna call me a useless sow whose only purpose in life is to serve men with her lascivious body?"

"That's the problem! I thought you were already improving in terms of separating the bedroom from the battlefield!"

All that effort I took to satisfy her desires in bed, and she still gives me this?!

"But like I said, Kazuma… That's a vampire, you know?"

"So what?!"

"...Aren't you the one who ended up falling for your favorite idol? Kazuma, you also have certain fantasies you want fulfilled, don't you?"

I glanced away at that.

I didn't expect Darkness to turn the tables on me.

"...No, there's obviously a difference! That vampire was trying to kill us, you know?!"

"I-I suppose so… But I still did my job regardless! Who cares if I got aroused from getting beaten up? It's not like I let him beat me up! In fact, it's only fun if I struggle to the best of my capabilities but still get ravaged anyway! Kuhhh!"

This girl…!

Did she want to cuck me that badly?!

Chris sighed and patted my shoulder.

"Darkness did her role, so go easy on her, Kazuma… If you want, I can have a talk with my best friend here over restraint…"

"I'll leave it to you."

Since I couldn't keep a clear head, I left this task up to Chris.

For now, we headed down to the treasure area.

Aside from the mountains of treasure, we saw a library of spell tomes.

"...! There's pretty much every spell here!"

Megumin said, as she opened the tomes and studied the contents.

I see.

It seems that Strahd has quite the extensive collection of tomes.

[Energy Ignition], [Earth Shaker], even [Shapeshift]...

There were all kinds of spells.

We took those tomes with us while collecting the gold.

Along with the spell tomes, it seems there were standard books about philosophy, science and also the history of the other world.

Since this was all useful information, we ransacked the entire library.

There was also a map of the other world there.

It was quite the haul.

Part 4

When we got home, I rested for the night, not indulging in my nightly activities with the girls.

The battle with Strahd was stressful and I wanted to take the rest of the night off.

Not to mention that everyone was scarily close to having their hit points drop to zero.

To be honest, the adrenaline still hadn't gone away.

You can heal wounds as much as you want, but the trauma stays with you.

I made sure to take a proper rest when I could.

Still, the next day, I went to the training facility to help Megumin with the next stage of training.

Everyone unlocked their potential by now, which meant they could gather EXP from the golems.

This came with a terrible downside, though…

I could no longer avoid my parents.

Furthermore, I noticed something about them…

"...Hey, Kazuma… Doesn't something seem off about your parents?"

Megumin noticed it as well.

That's right.

For some reason, my parents who should be in their forties now looked ten years younger.

Their skin was a lot tighter and their hair had a youthful shine in them.

My parents were originally pretty fit, but they didn't have many chances to exercise due to their sedentary jobs.

Still, there's a difference between being just fit and having an athletic build.

I remembered seeing pictures of my dad before and was surprised to see that he had quite a bit of muscle in the past.

Of course, he lost that over the years since he didn't have time to maintain them.

Now, he looked pretty ripped.

I also noticed that my mother had quite the figure before, in the pictures I saw.

Not like I paid any particular attention to that.

Right now, it was impossible to ignore though.

Especially since she was still wearing that damn bikini armor…!

Don't tell me…

I went to my parents and said,

"Oi… What did you two spend your skill points on?"

They stopped thrusting the spears I gave them to defeat golems for EXP.

They glanced at each other in confusion and said,

"...We were just following your advice and prioritized putting it on 'Health'?"

I told them to do that because I wanted their HP to reach 100 as fast as possible.

That way, they could stay safe.

…Did putting their points in 'Health' give them a more youthful appearance?

I looked at Megumin's parents.

Yuiyui-san had always looked youthful, so it was hard to tell.

But I did notice a remarkable change in Hyoizaburo-san.

I see.

I guess I couldn't blame my parents for this.

Still…

If they kept investing more skill points, did that mean that they'd eventually end up looking like they were in their twenties?!

I could somewhat handle their current appearance right now, but that's just too much?!

But if 'Health' made someone look more youthful…

I wondered what effect it'd have on Sena.

I looked at Sena, who must have also been investing points into 'Health'.

Only to see that aside from having more radiant skin, nothing changed.

In fact, she gave me an accusatory look.

"Oi, Kazuma-san… Why isn't that hack working on me, too?"

She was calling it a hack.

Also, why was she blaming me, as if I had control over this?

"...It could be that the effect is maxed out at the 20s stage… Rather, being in your 20s is already considered youthful, so…"

"That's so unfair! You mean that your parents will end up looking like me, but I'll be stuck like this?!"

Did she want to revert back to being a JK or something?

But I could understand the dread of seeing those in their 40s reverting to look like your age.

While you stayed the same.

"Think of it this way, Sena. You'll be in your 20s forever."

"...I guess that does sound enticing, but…"

Come to think of it, wouldn't that be the same for all of us?

And considering that Aqua and Chris would never age, those two would probably look like teenagers forever.

I wasn't sure what I felt about that. A vital part of the human experience is growing older.

But growing older also meant death.

I guess there were a lot of things I had to consider about our new existence.

I already knew that, though.

Once the training was done, Erika approached me.

"Yo, Kazuma! Remember that sleepover we talked about? Think you can do it tonight?"

I looked behind and saw Cielo and Lia there as well.

Erika gave me a subtle wink.

I guess her plan was on.

Lia smiled and said,

"It's a good way to close off the summer break. Ah, but I imagine you might have plans with the others…"

I hurriedly shook my head.

"Don't worry, there's still a bit of time on the final day before the end of break. I wanna get to know Erika and Cielo better anyway."

Although my real goal was Lia here.

Still, I did want to get closer with Erika and Cielo as well.

Actually… How much was Cielo gonna get involved in the plan, anyway?

I guess I'll have to ask that later.

Part 5

After that difficult fight with Strahd, we didn't go to the dungeon that night, opting to do the 100th floor on the final day of summer break.

Not only did everyone need a break after the fight that saw a majority of the party getting knocked out, I also had plans with the Axel Hearts to attend to…

Priorities, am I right?

I teleported over to the address that Erika gave me.

Along with her idol income, it seemed that Erika was an ojou-chan whose parents were abroad.

And so, she was given a condo to stay in on her own.

When I teleported in, Cielo gave a shriek of surprise.

Since they weren't used to having people just teleporting in front of them, I guess this would happen.

I looked for Erika and Lia to calm her down, but I saw they weren't there.

Cielo was alone in the kitchen with an apron on.

From the batter in a mixing bowl and the electric mixer she was carrying, it seemed like she was in the middle of baking.

"Cielo, um…"

"Kyaaaa?!"

Her extreme androphobia kicked in and she wound up her hand to slap me.

However, it didn't really do any damage considering my stats.

All it did was do psychic damage to me.

Sniff… An idol I admired just slapped me…

The masochistic Cielo fans would weep tears of envy, though.

"I-I'm sorry!"

Cielo said, once she regained her calm.

I took a few steps back and held up my hands to calm her.

"It's fine. It's my fault for just teleporting in like that…"

She would have had ample time to prepare if I just used the intercom normally.

"S-Sorry… The others went to the conbini for some last minute purchases…"

So that explained why Cielo was on her own.

"Um… It didn't hurt, did it?"

She said, looking at my cheek in concern.

I shook my head.

"That didn't hurt at all."

I couldn't help it and took the chance to show off.

She breathed a sigh of relief.

"I'm glad…"

S-So cute…

Her innocent smile melted my heart.

"...I was trying to do some serious harm there, enough to knock you unconscious, so I'm glad it didn't hurt…"

Was she actually trying to knock me out?!

The fact that she still looked so cute and innocent while saying that made her scarier.

She placed the cookies on a pan and placed them in the oven.

While we were waiting for the cookies to bake, an awkward silence took over.

"..." x 2.

Come to think of it, aside from a few interactions, this was my first time alone with Cielo.

No, even before, the others were in the general vicinity when she talked to me.

And we always ended up talking about Lia. We never really talked about anything else.

But I am a hero with a Charisma stat of 119. Don't underestimate my ability to talk to girls…!

"Um, so… With Erika's plan… Is Cielo gonna be involved in that…? Haha…"

Wait, why did I say that?

Considering what Erika's plan was, didn't I just ask, 'So, are you gonna date me, too?'

Gahhh! I'm such a creep…!!!

I suppose that being charismatic didn't mean that you automatically knew what to do in these kinds of situations.

Damn it, the fact that I knew someone like Mitsurugi would handle this better than I am pisses me off!

I guess my latest track record with girls deluded me into thinking I was some kind of ladies man.

Thankfully, Cielo was just as awkward as me.

"U-Um… Erika said that I should get over my fear of men… And you'll be a good training dummy!"

A training dummy, huh?

Well, considering that Cielo's attacks didn't do damage to me, I guess that was a sound plan.

Realistically, it would probably be better to have Cielo befriend some other boy.

Or even have her go on some casual dates with boys.

But those same boys might just sue her when she inevitably sends them to the hospital.

And it'd become a huge scandal.

As tragic as it sounded, there was no way for Cielo to undergo immersion therapy without someone sustaining major injuries.

So unless all her future dates were fine with signing a release form, the only realistic partner for Cielo was myself.

At least, in terms of who the Axel Hearts could trust.

I suppose they could just as easily get Mitsurugi or some other app-user, but I was the one who managed to earn Lia's trust. And like Erika said, that meant that the rest of the girls trusted me by extension.

To prove this, Cielo looked at me and said,

"Um… I'll be relying on Kazuma-san, so…"

"I'll do my best…"

We ended up stiffly bowing to each other.

"..." x 2.

After that, we returned to an awkward silence.

To break the silence, I said,

"...That solo you had in the latest single was really good, Cielo."

Axel Hearts was the one thing we had in common, so I relied on that to get the conversation going.

Thankfully, her eyes lit up and she bowed.

"T-Thank you so much! I was really proud of it, so it means a lot to hear fans say they liked it!"

S-She really is so cute…!

After that, we managed to get a good flow going, making small-talk about her Axel Hearts activities.

We were talking so much that the ringing of the oven's timer surprised us.

Cielo looked around.

"Um, the baking gloves… Where are they…"

Since this wasn't her place, she had some trouble finding the gloves.

"It's fine, I got it."

I opened the oven and reached in, grabbing the tray with my bare hands.

"...Eh?! Kazuma-san?!"

Ah, I forgot that she would freak out when she saw this.

Since I had [Heat Resistance], I never bothered with using oven gloves when taking things out of the oven.

It just became a habit.

When I set the tray down, Cielo grabbed my hands.

"Are you OK?! Why did you just suddenly… Eh?"

She stared at my hands and saw that they were perfectly fine.

More importantly…

Cielo was grabbing my hands just fine.

"Eeep!"

Or so I thought.

I soon received an uppercut to the chin.

"I'm so sorry!"

"It's fine. It doesn't hurt."

The psychic damage was accumulating, though.

Part 6

"We're back. Is Kazuma here yet…? Hm? What happened here?"

Erika looked in confusion as Cielo was placing band aids on my face.

However, she was using a chopstick to do so.

Lia raised a brow as she set grocery bags on a table. She said,

"...I can kind of piece together what happened knowing your personalities, but I'm still mostly confused."

I guess that was the rational conclusion.

Cielo meekly placed the chopsticks down.

"...I've been hitting Kazuma-san multiple times. This is the least I could do…"

"Kazuma, have you already told her that…"

"I did."

Still, due to Cielo's kind nature, she insisted on treating me.

Although, the close proximity led her to hitting me several more times.

Hence the chopsticks.

Erika chuckled and said,

"This is good for Cielo's development. Get it out of your system, Cielo. The more you get used to Kazuma's presence the better!"

"But I'll keep hitting him…!"

Lia took some snacks and drinks out from the grocery bag as Erika was assuring Cielo. I went to help her.

"By the way, Kazuma… Are you and the girls up to something?"

…As expected of Lia who had high perception.

She looked at me suspiciously as I took out a bag of chips from the bag.

I didn't want to lie to her, but Erika convinced me that this was the only way to have Lia accept the idea of joining the harem.

So I just told her a half truth.

"Hm? Aside from enjoying our last few days of summer break?"

I used a non-answer that didn't deny or confirm anything.

Lia was about to say something, but Erika sensed I needed support and interrupted.

"Let's change into our pjs already! Kazuma, you brought your own, right?"

"I did. You girls can just change outfits from your inventory now, in case you forgot."

"Hmm… I guess that's true, but to be honest doing that feels weird…"

They weren't used to the app, after all.

Even Lia, who had more experience, was still unsure about certain things.

And so they moved to Erika's room, while I just swapped outfits from my inventory.

I was back to wearing my reliable tracksuit.

Several minutes later, the girls came out.

"Oho…"

I let out an appreciative sound as I saw my favorite idol group in their sleepwear.

Cielo wore a light green pajama with stripes. Since it was summer, the flannel top was shortsleeved, giving it an extra moe look. It was like seeing your crush transitioning from her winter uniform to a summer uniform. Just that extra bit of skin somehow riles up your desires…

As for Lia, she wore light-blue pajama pants, but she had a tanktop, showing even more skin. She also had her hair tied in a ponytail, giving her a casual, sporty look. She was way too feminine to ever be called a tomboy, though. Her pajama bottoms had musical note prints all over them.

With Erika, she went with a pink camisole and booty shorts that barely qualified as shorts with how high up her thighs they were. My eyes instantly went to her exposed tummy and those perfect thighs and legs. There was a singular strawberry print on her camisole, a facade of innocence in an outfit that couldn't be called anything less than slutty. Along with her pigtails and that smug grin of hers, the only term I could think of to accurately describe her was 'mesugaki'...

I couldn't stop myself from looking at her with pure hunger.

She smirked and leaned down to whisper into my ear. One of her pigtails drooped down to tickle my cheek, the ends of it splaying along my shoulders.

"Hey, save it for later… We haven't received the green light yet."

It took all I had not to pounce on her right there.

Ah, this isn't good…

This whole plan was supposed to be about Lia, but somehow I was letting Erika get to me.

This little minx…!

She even turned around and let me get a good view of that perky ass of hers as she walked away.

Ahhh… I wanna fuck this little temptress!

Thankfully, Lia was setting up the music and didn't notice.

An Axel Hearts song started to play, but she quickly changed it.

"Hm? Why'd you change it?"

When I asked that, she gave a small smile.

"As much as I love our songs, sometimes you just want a break from them."

That was understandable.

They recorded those songs, practiced them and performed them.

I wouldn't say that they got sick of their own songs, but they avoided listening to them on their own time.

She settled for another idol group's hit song and sat down on the couch. Cielo took her baked cookies and laid them out on the coffee table, where Erika was placing the snacks and drinks.

"Yosh! This is officially the start of our super fun sleepover!"

Erika said, after pouring herself a glass of juice and raising it.

We raised our glasses while cheering.

After I took a sip, I said,

"So, what should we do first?"

I've only been to one sleep over with girls, way back when I first fought Vanir…

And considering the girls I was with, that was probably not a normal girl's sleepover.

Especially since the only normal one there was Yunyun.

Also, I had to hide the whole time since I wasn't actually supposed to be there.

Still, I remembered that as the day I decided that I wanted to protect everyone.

That was the first time in my life that I stopped thinking about just myself, the first time I even considered sacrificing my life for others.

So I had fond memories of that.

Erika grinned and took out some cards.

"How about we go with the classic Old Maid?"

And so, our night began.

Part 7

Erika said that she would slowly bring up wanting to date me.

She believed that Lia would accept the idea of a harem if her best friend was also interested in me.

As for Cielo, she was also interested in trying it out for the sake of getting over her severe androphobia…

However, so far…

"Ah, I lost again…"

We were just playing card games.

I had to admit, it was fun, but a part of me was also getting antsy.

When is she gonna make a move already?!

Rather, how would she even make a move?

If I was in her shoes, I couldn't possibly imagine how I'd bring up the topic to Lia.

As we started the next round, Erika took out her phone.

"Hah… That guy is texting me again…"

I didn't know what she was talking about, but Lia immediately caught on.

"You mean that actor who keeps hitting on you?"

"That's the one. Geez. I know he's a famous actor and all, but does he really think I'd date an old man like him?"

She set her phone down and gave an exasperated sigh.

"Ugh… I have no luck with men! Not like I have a lot of options to choose from. If they aren't part of the industry, it's pretty much impossible to keep the relationship under wraps…"

She looked at me meaningfully, then glanced back to Lia.

"You're so lucky, Lia. Kazuma is pretty much the perfect guy for idols like us… He can stay hidden and he can be trusted to protect your secret. I'm so jealous…"

So this was her angle.

Her acting was so good that I thought she was legitimately complaining about men.

Maybe that 'text' she received wasn't even real.

Well, maybe she actually did receive such a text, and she was using that as a chance to bring this topic up.

Lia gave Erika a sympathetic look before giving me a grateful smile.

"...I really am lucky. Even if I wasn't dating him, Kazuma has been an invaluable friend."

She proceeded to give me such a pure smile.

Gahh! It almost made me feel bad that we were taking such a sneaky approach to do this!

Well, it wasn't like we were trying to manipulate Lia or anything.

Erika was just trying to bring the topic up in a gentle way.

Erika pouted and placed her arm around Lia.

"...It's not fair… Kazuma is really handsome, too…"

Lia narrowed her eyes at Erika.

"...Is it just me, or does it seem like you're interested in Kazuma?"

Of course Lia would immediately pick up on this.

Erika drew back and looked Lia in the eyes.

"Honestly? I mean, of course I am. Who wouldn't be?"

"Well…"

Lia looked like she didn't know how to respond, but she also wasn't surprised.

Of course, if you had an attractive significant other, it wasn't like other people would be blind to that person's charms, just because you were dating them.

Even if they were your best friend.

"...Thanks for being honest."

Lia said, her voice sounding unsure, but she didn't seem offended, at least.

Erika grinned and hugged her.

"I just didn't want it to be the elephant in the room, you know? It would be more awkward to know I was attracted to your man but we just never broached the subject, right?"

"You're right about that…"

Technically, a friend group could turn a blind eye to such matters.

But truly close friends wouldn't be able to hide such secrets for long.

Even if Erika wasn't planning to date me, this was the right move to address things.

…The awkward tension was quickly rising though.

Lia's eyes turned to me next.

"I'm sorry that we're talking about this when you're right there, Kazuma…"

I suppose it did seem kind of rude that they were talking about my attractiveness right in front of me.

In any other case, this would be seen as a case of objectification.

But this was just part of the plan!

I smiled and said,

"It's fine. I'm actually impressed by your friendship, because you can talk about these kinds of things openly…"

"Aww, that's so sweet…"

Erika looked to Lia.

"Do you mind if I give him a hug?"

Lia glanced between us again, before looking down in deep thought.

Ah, maybe we pushed too far.

Eventually, she looked up again and surprised me by nodding.

"Yeah, that's fine."

Is it really?

I met her eyes and I didn't see any hesitation in them.

Erika and Cielo were right.

She really trusted the Axel Hearts to such an extent.

Erika smiled and scooted over to give me a hug.

I hugged back, while keeping an eye on Lia the entire time.

She wasn't reacting negatively…

Yet, at least.

To my surprise, Cielo also pitched in.

"I-I'm also jealous!"

We turned to see Cielo, who took her hands off from her knees and held them to her chest.

"K-Kazuma-san is really kind… I want to get over my fear of men, so it would be nice if I was d-dating someone like him…"

Lia looked like she wasn't surprised at Erika's confession, but she looked completely taken off guard with Cielo.

"Wait, Cielo… Are you saying you also find Kazuma attractive…?"

Cielo looked like she was struggling, but she eventually nodded.

"To be honest… I've been curious about relationships, but that's pretty much impossible for me with my androphobia… But Kazuma-san seems really trustworthy, so…"

Rather than a means to convince Lia…

Wasn't Cielo just speaking from the heart now?

Going by her serious expression, that seemed to be the case.

I didn't sense how strongly she felt about this from our previous conversation.

But it seemed like she was dead serious about this.

Certainly, just because a woman had androphobia, it didn't mean that she wasn't interested in men.

Both in a romantic sense and even sexually.

And she even wanted to get over her phobia. It wasn't like she hated men, she just feared them.

"Well… In that case… Ugh, you're putting me in a tough spot here…"

Lia rubbed the bridge of her nose.

"...So basically all of us in Axel Hearts like the same guy… What a mess."

Erika rubbed the back of her head.

"Sorry to drop this on you all of a sudden."

"No, it's fine… I'm just glad you two told me… But what do we do from here on out?"

Erika took this chance and said,

"...If you're fine with it, maybe you can let us go on a few dates with him? See where it works out? You can trust us, and Kazuma has lots of experience dating multiple girls, anyway. He'll know how to treat us right, and he won't play favorites."

Like Erika said, if anyone was qualified to handle this, it was me.

If I was just a random guy who was dating Lia, she would probably not even consider doing something like this.

Polyamory was incredibly messy. Unless you knew what you were doing, it was bound to end in failure.

But Lia wanted me to herself and disapproved of my harem lifestyle.

Just like Erika predicted, though, it was easy to disapprove of a harem if she wasn't close to the other members. If her best friends declared their interest in me, it was a different story.

Lia looked like she was going through every single scenario that could go wrong, while also fighting against her own principles.

Eventually, she looked at me.

"What do you think, Kazuma?"

"Well… You already know what my stance is."

"I know that, but what do you think about Erika and Cielo? If you're not serious about them, then this isn't even a conversation we should be having."

How did I feel about Erika and Cielo?

Was that even a serious question? They were my favorite idol group.

I practically worshipped them during my NEET years, and that adoration only stuck with me ever since.

And I knew that their concerns about other men weren't an act.

Erika was sincerely tired of not being able to find a good man she can trust.

While Cielo wanted to get over her fear of men, and I was the only man she could trust.

Those weren't just cases they made up to convince Lia. They were real concerns.

I didn't want Erika to settle for some no good older actor, because she didn't have any other options.

While I didn't want Cielo to forego romance just because of her crippling phobia.

"Lia, I value the Axel Hearts as much as you do. I'll do everything it takes to make them happy."

I stared deep into her eyes to convey my sincerity.

Even if Lia decided in the end that she didn't want to be a part of the harem, I still wanted to help the Axel Hearts as a whole.

Just like how they helped me get through those dark times.

Lia ran a hand through her hair and sighed.

"You do realize I can't just come up with a decision at this moment."

"Of course."

"And you guys are making me compromise a lot here."

"We understand that."

She looked at all three of us and said,

"I'll think about it. But do understand that no matter what decision I make, I'll be the one setting ground rules. You guys are the ones making me bend my principles here, so that's only fair."

…So Lia was gonna be the Rin of this sub-harem I've built with the Axel Hearts, huh?

Rather, the idea that I was getting a sub-harem made me realize just how complicated my relationships were becoming…

Erika grinned before celebrating.

"Woo-hoo! That sure worked out well!"

Cielo nodded in relief.

"I'm glad…"

Lia looked at us suspiciously.

"Oi… That makes it sound like you guys planned this…"

Her perception really was incredible.

You established a bond with Kato Erika and Isobe Cielo!

Kato Erika (Cutest Girl Alive), Bond Rank: 1

The self-proclaimed cutest girl alive has taken an interest in you! She wants nothing more than to achieve her own happiness along with everyone in Axel Hearts. As for her feelings towards you, she finds you hot and wants to get busy in bed already, however, she respects Lia enough to wait for her permission.

Isobe Cielo (Boy Fearing Tomboy), Bond Rank: 1

A tomboy with severe androphobia. Although she's interested in romance, she doesn't have any men she can trust. Then you came along. Not only does she think you're handsome, you even managed to get Lia and Erika to trust you. To her, that checks everything off the list for her ideal man. She feels guilty for punching you, even if you don't take damage.
Last edited: Jul 18, 2026
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Bloodzone15, 1SOGGYBOI, JJLPH20 and 64 others
BoringBone
Jul 18, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 84: Challenging This Final Boss! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Aug 6, 2026
New
Add bookmark
#1,840
Chapter 84: Challenging This Final Boss!

Part 1

The rest of the sleepover continued after we had this serious talk.

Even though we were having fun, I couldn't help but constantly look at Lia to see what she really felt about this.

I couldn't really tell much, though, because she was focused on the sleepover activities.

We ended up just playing a bunch of games and eating snacks.

That's not to say that it wasn't fun, but I suppose most guys would assume that sleepovers with girls would be much more exciting.

I certainly had such fantasies before.

Things like girls suddenly deciding to go nude or making out with each other.

Or pillow fights devolving into an orgy…

The male adolescent mind is prone to such delusions.

I should apologize to the others. I thought that my first sleepover with girls was a failure because no such fantastic events occurred.

But it seems this kind of thing is normal.

To further add to the regularity of this sleepover, Erika, the one who claimed that she would stay up all night, was the one to fall asleep first.

Lia giggled as she took a picture of Erika, who was sprawled on her sleeping bag with a goofy grin on her face.

"I think I'll head to sleep now, too…"

Cielo said, while rubbing her eyes with a yawn.

So cute.

And so, it was Lia and I left.

I didn't really know what to say to her in light of what happened.

She was the one who broke the silence.

She nodded to the kitchen.

"Have some tea with me?"

"It's midnight, though."

"It's decaf."

We went to the kitchen and I sat down while she made tea. She put some milk and sugar into the black tea and passed me a mug.

I sipped it, feeling myself comforted by the strong taste of the black tea, toned down by the creaminess of the milk.

She sat beside me and held her mug with both hands.

"So… You wanna date my best friends, huh?"

She gave me a side-eye while still holding her mug up.

I knew this wouldn't be that easy!

Just because Lia was kind enough to consider our proposal, it didn't mean that she was happy about it.

I wasn't dealing with the straightforward Aqua or the unnaturally open-minded Rin, after all.

Rather, I knew what her stance on the whole harem thing was, yet I still went along with Erika's plan.

"Um… I respect your ideals, Lia. Trust me, I do."

"But ultimately… You disagree with them."

"It's not that I disagree… I know you're right."

I set the mug down and looked at her.

"In any ordinary circumstance, the right move would be to just accept that we'll never quite see eye to eye and agree to just stay as friends, to preserve our relationship."

She nodded and said,

"That's the mature thing to do. And we did agree to handle this in a mature way."

"But that's when it comes to ordinary circumstances."

She waited for me to clarify.

How do I say this without coming off as a douche?

"Ordinarily, I would be happy to let you go and find another man, one who can make you happier than I can. One who is better than me."

"...And you can't do that, why?"

Don't be a douche, don't be a douche.

"Well… I mean, I doubt you can find a guy like that… L-Lia-san, please hear me out before looking at me like I'm trash!"

Thankfully, Lia gave me a chance to explain myself.

"I'm not saying this because it's an ego thing! I mean, where are you gonna meet a guy who can just teleport to heaven and get granted an audience with the freaking boss of the gods of our world? Go on, tell me which guy you know can do that."

She stared at me blankly.

"Kazuma, I get that you're probably something that's beyond humanity right now, but you know that's not the kind of logic I can accept, right?"

I slowly nodded and put my head down.

I didn't think that Regina-sama's advice to me was incorrect.

Then again, she was a god, a being that was far from a human's comprehension.

And the reason why I could understand and resonate with her logic was that I was becoming something close to that.

This isn't a matter of hubris. Just take a look at my stats.

Two of my stats were already reaching divine levels, and most of my stats were beyond the levels of humanity.

That stat isn't just a numerical representation of power. It also represented the changes to the very fabric of Satou Kazuma.

I was a lot closer to the way a god would think compared to what a human would think.

But of course, I could never force Lia to think that way.

Still, Lia smiled at me and said,

"I'm still willing to give this a chance, Kazuma. But just understand that I keep bending my ideals for you, only because I value you that much. You as a person. Not the hero or whatever it is you're becoming because of all this fantasy stuff. The only Satou Kazuma I care about is that boy who comes over to clean my room, my cuddle buddy, my fellow clubmate. That's the Kazuma I adore."

She placed her hand over mine.

"Don't lose sight of yourself. Even if things don't work between us, or the Axel Hearts, I want you to stay as you. That slightly perverted former NEET friend of mine. You have to promise me that, alright?"

If there was one thing I was sure of, it was that Konno Lia's spirit was immutable.

I wasn't nearly as strong. I was easily influenced and I try to adjust to the world and people around me.

That was why I ended up as a NEET in the first place. Just because of my misunderstanding surrounding Ame, I changed my entire lifestyle and even my personality.

Perhaps that's a strength in itself, too. I was flexible and I could change my deals if I felt like they were flawed.

But there was also something admirable about the way Lia lived her life.

That was why I fell for her.

"...More than anything, Lia. I don't want to give you to anyone else."

That was the truth of the matter.

No matter how I tried to dress it up, I was just jealous of the bastard who ended up with her, all because I couldn't abandon everyone else to choose Lia.

I couldn't view things like an ordinary person anymore.

How could I?

I had the wealth of entire nations. I've slept with multiple goddesses. I wield legendary metal and artifacts to slay creatures of myth.

I was a selfish hero who wanted everything.

But Lia was a treasure I wasn't guaranteed to possess.

And knowing I could lose her because of my selfishness made me anxious.

Still, she was willing to give me a chance.

A chance to bend her ideals, as unfair as it was.

She smiled and stood to hug me.

"Then work hard to make this work. If anyone can do it, it's you. You're the man I love, after all."

I held her back.

"I promise I'll do it."

In some ways, this might be a quest on par with defeating the Demon King.

That was how badly I wanted to earn Lia's trust.

Part 2

"Morning…"

Erika said cutely, as she sat up to stretch.

I admired the sight of her stretching, especially with the morning sun filtering through the curtains and highlighting her form.

We all slept on sleeping bags in the living room. Cielo was the next one to wake up, while Lia was still fast asleep.

"...She's gonna stay like that for a while."

Erika smirked as we all looked at Lia who was still in a deep sleep.

Despite how responsible she was, Lia really did have such a slacker side…

"I'll make breakfast."

I said, getting up.

Cielo stood up as well.

"L-Let me help…"

Cielo was already trying to get used to my company. Her work ethic had always been high…

Still, I didn't want her to force herself and kept a respectable distance as we prepared some fried rice.

"U-Um… H-Here's the green onions…!"

Cielo surprised me by handing me a bowl with the cut green onions.

She jolted when our fingertips brushed as I took the bowl from her.

But aside from that, she didn't punch me.

Which was a remarkable improvement.

"Thanks, Cielo."

She blushed as I gave her an encouraging smile.

Ahh… She's way too cute…

"Hoh… Cielo, you're capable of flirting with a man now, huh?"

Erika rubbed her chin as she watched the interaction behind us.

"I-I wasn't flirting!"

"It sure looked like it…"

I turned to Erika and said,

"Instead of teasing poor Cielo, why don't you help out?"

"Eh? You two are already cooking, though."

"How about you boil water for coffee?"

"A cute girl like me shouldn't have to do any work…"

She truly lived life on easy mode, huh?

She didn't even seem to be joking.

Still, she started the coffee machine and brewed coffee for all of us.

The noise, along with the smells of breakfast, managed to stir Lia awake.

She groggily got up and muttered something incomprehensible. She staggered to her feet, messy hair swaying about with the uneven movement. After stumbling through the sleeping bags we hadn't rolled up yet, she made her way to the kitchen.

With a great amount of effort, she managed to open her eyes completely and took in the sight of us preparing breakfast. She mumbled something that vaguely sounded like 'need help?'.

The fact that she wasn't even in a state to form a proper sentence told me she wasn't up to actually help.

"Tsk, tsk… We've got a spoiled princess here."

Erika placed a mug of coffee in front of Lia. She placed her face in front of the steam before picking up the mug and drinking. The caffeine gave her some energy, but it was like your phone going from no charge to one percent.

By the time we served the food and Erika fed her some rice, Lia had enough energy to function less like a slug to an actual human being.

Although what Lia said next made Erika wish that Lia was still too sleepy to think straight.

"...Did you guys do your summer homework?"

Erika dropped her spoon, making rice spill all over the table.

Cielo quickly wiped it up with a paper towel.

"I'm not sure I know what that is? Haha…"

Of course, Erika was the type to forget about summer homework.

Or more like, she had delusions that it never existed in the first place.

That woke Lia right up.

"I should have known you wouldn't do it…"

She turned to me and Cielo.

"I did mine."

This was technically not a lie. I had my clones do it, who were technically me.

As if I'd do that on my own.

Cielo nodded as she wiped her mouth with a napkin, although a grain of rice still remained.

…Everything this girl does is moe.

"Yup! I did it during the first week of break!"

"Good girl… Unlike this one here…"

Erika smacked her hands on the table.

"In the first place, isn't the very concept of summer homework absurd?! I never had to do summer homework when I lived abroad! Isn't this country weird?! It's supposed to be a break, but they make you do work at home… Why is that?!"

Erika started complaining about Japan as a whole.

Although I did agree that I wished the school system was a lot more lenient…

Still, Lia wasn't accepting Erika's arguments at all.

She was fully awake now and fixed Erika a stony glare.

"We're spending the rest of the day helping you do your work."

"...Yes, ma'am."

Erika didn't even try to argue.

As much as I adored the Axel Hearts, I didn't have time to help Erika do homework.

And so, I wished her good luck, finished my breakfast, then teleported back home.

Part 3

When I teleported home, I saw an interesting sight outside.

Mary-chan and Aika-chan were playing jump rope with Iris, but they were using Mary-chan's vine as a jump rope. Iris was the one skipping in the center.

"What's going on here?"

I asked, while noticing that our security guards were watching the heartwarming sights with gentle smiles on their faces.

"...Apparently we have to do this jump roping activity as part of my summer homework… I finished all the other assignments so I'm doing this now."

"I see. How many did you have to do?"

"1,000."

"Hah?!"

Well, they probably intended for students to do about 20 a day. That was more than reasonable.

But to Iris, 1,000 reps must be normal, so she decided to just do it in one day.

I watched as Aika-chan and Mary-chan swung the rope around, with Iris nonchalantly skipping.

Her blonde hair fluttered as she did so, and the sun shone on her skin. Since she had been out a fair bit during the summer, her skin had a nice golden tan to it.

…She's my beloved imouto, but I did have to admit that Iris was very beautiful.

Especially once she grows up, she'll become an S-tier beauty, won't she?

Before, I didn't even think about touching Iris.

But after Regina-sama awakened me to a new viewpoint…

Well, what's actually stopping me from going after Iris?

Lia's words rang in my head.

Ah… Going after Iris would probably ensure that I lose my last shreds of human reason…

Something like going after your little sister when you already have a harem, was something you'd see in myth, from a heroic figure or a god.

My mind and values were changing quickly.

Still, it shouldn't be of harm to anyone to just look and appreciate. .

"...Onii-sama? Why are you staring at me like that?"

Iris said, looking at me questioningly as she was skipping.

Aika-chan looked at me suspiciously.

Crap.

Because she could assess my mind state to an extent, she probably sensed the way I was lustfully looking at Iris.

Having your daughter find out you were perving out on her playmate and your sister… That was probably the worst thing that could happen to a father, huh?

Mary-chan turned to me and said,

"How about you join? I saw in an article online that it is good for parental figures to play with their spawn."

It was scary to think that Mary-chan is getting all her knowledge about humans from the internet…

Well, she was right about this, so I couldn't really say anything.

I had never been good at jumping rope in the past, but thanks to my superhuman dexterity, I was able to join Iris just fine.

Iris smiled as I jumped in front of her.

"You know, Iris, you can do lots of different tricks when doing this…"

To illustrate, I started running in place.

It was kind of exciting to do things that I could have never done before, just from having a general idea of it. My superhuman body followed the rest.

As expected, Iris was able to quickly pick up on it.

Aika-chan cheered us on.

"Ohhh! Go, Iris-chan! Ah, but don't get too close to papa…"

Oi!

What's she saying?!

I'd need to find a way to shut her up later…

Just as I was thinking that, Iris giggled and held my hands.

Soon, it was like we were dancing while skipping.

"This is fun, onii-sama!"

Ah… That sweet, innocent smile…

Her lovely, natural scent was delivered to me by her swishing hair…

I stopped these thoughts short before Aika-chan could call me out on them.

It didn't take too long for us to reach Iris's quota.

"Thanks for that, everyone."

Iris said with a smile, before running off inside to write in her summer journal.

When she was gone, Aika-chan went to me, arms crossed, as Mary-chan retreated her vine.

"Papa, do you want to have sex with us?"

"...?! What's wrong with you?!"

I closed her mouth before she could say more ridiculous things.

She squirmed away from my grasp.

"I mean… You're looking lustfully at Iris-chan! I could sense it, you know?!"

"And what about all those discussions we had about maintaining people's privacy?!"

I sighed and said,

"Look, humans have all sorts of desires…"

Mary-chan intervened,

"Those humans who have such desires go to a place called jail. That's what I learned on the internet."

"...You can't believe everything you hear on the internet."

Somehow, the internet was teaching her better than me.

"I-I'm gonna tell mama about this!"

I hooked my arms under Aika-chan and lifted her up.

"Eeek! Papa is looking up my skirt! He's staring at my panties!"

"I'm not! I'm not looking up at your white panties with a bear print!"

I set her down once Aika-chan stopped struggling.

"Listen here… You two are my daughters. I would never have such thoughts about you…"

Mary-chan tilted her head to the side.

"...But back when I was in the dungeon, I offered to have carnal relations with you, and you didn't seem to reject it outright…"

"That was before I adopted you!"

Aika-chan gasped and hugged Mary-chan.

"Papa, you can't just say Mary-chan is adopted! So mean!"

"You're both adopted!"

"I'm really telling mama now!"

I stopped her and said,

"Just listen! The point is that Iris isn't really my sister… I'm only acting as her onii-sama because it's what she needs right now. But once she grows up, let's say once she's 14 or so, and she becomes quite a lovely young woman, well, you know… All kinds of options open up…"

"MAMAAAAA!!!"

"OK, what do you want?! Just tell me what you want, young lady!"

She grinned and said,

"I wanna gamble again. Vegas! Let's go to Vegas!"

This daughter of mine was becoming addicted to gambling.

Not to mention how she was quick to blackmail me…

Where was she getting this rotten personality from?

Mary-chan shrugged and said,

"I don't really care about what you do, as long as I get my entertainment."

To a monster, I guess none of this really mattered to her.

As long as she had Wi-Fi, she didn't care.

…Am I doing a good job raising these daughters of mine?

Probably not.

Part 4

I retreated to the mansion before my reputation as a papa got worse.

Inside, I saw Yunyun in the living room, sitting by the coffee table. She had a notebook in front of her and a math textbook open.

"I didn't think you were the type who'd leave your summer homework until the last day, Yunyun…"

Although I wasn't really in a position to say much, considering how I just left my work to the clones.

She looked up from her work and gave me a regretful look.

"Actually, this is Megumin's…"

"...Then why are you doing it for her?"

"Well, she's my friend, and I don't want her to get failing grades…"

"If she was truly your friend, she wouldn't push your work on her."

"I-It's fine! It may not seem like it, but Megumin has been giving me a lot of encouragement lately…"

"I haven't noticed that."

She giggled.

"She's too shy to do it openly… She only does it in private. Ah, maybe I shouldn't have said that."

Hoh. The tsundere was strong in this dishonest Megumin…

I guess I shouldn't tease her about it because this was supposed to be private.

I'll find some other way to tease her, though.

There was something else I wanted to ask Yunyun.

"By the way, Yunyun… Are you sure about keeping your family out of the app-user program?"

She was one of those who refused to get her family involved, after all.

She softly smiled and nodded.

"Um, I understand the desire to protect those close to you… But I think the best way is to keep my family out of this… Ah, but just because I disagree with Kazuma-san's approach, that doesn't mean I think it's necessarily a bad idea…!"

I stopped Yunyun before she could keep apologizing.

"It's fine. It's your choice. Just know that I'll do anything to protect you and your family."

We all had our differences. I just had to respect that.

Just because I was the leader of this group, I shouldn't expect everyone to see things my way.

Not only Yunyun, Mitsurugi and Rin also chose not to involve their families in this.

Darkness was tentative, but she also chose to hold off on it for now.

The only ones who did were me and Megumin…

Maybe because we were a lot stranger than the others.

"Thanks for that, Kazuma-san…"

Ah, what a sweet smile.

I earned a gasp from her as I hugged Yunyun from behind.

I enjoyed hugging her soft, warm body.

Especially as my arms squished under her breasts.

"Say, Yunyun… How about we have some fun…?"

She meekly nodded, as I felt her excitement growing.

"O-Ok…"

Yunyun still retained her innocence in a mental sense, but her body was far from it.

I already knew that she got wet as soon as I touched her.

And as innocent as she was, I bet she was wondering about which position or play I'd put her through today.

Since I had yet to take a bath, we went to the big bath together.

It was a bath I prepared in my personal dungeon, modeling it after Wolbach's.

After all, Wolbach was the premier expert when it came to baths. I used her requests to make my own bath.

Having sex in the mansion's communal bath was disrespectful to the others, and the baths we had in our own rooms were too small for what I had in mind.

…Well, it probably wasn't too small in a regular sense, but since we were both superhuman, we'd probably break the tub if we used it to have sex.

Before dipping into the bath, we washed each other, first with Yunyun washing my back.

"...Yunyun, why are you using a towel?"

"E-Eh?"

She was confused when I asked her why she was using a towel to rub my back.

"Obviously, you're supposed to lather up your big breasts with soap and rub your body on me, right?"

"I-Is that so…?!"

With Yunyun, she'd believe anything you told her.

I felt bad about giving her the wrong impression, so I said,

"Just kidding. Um, I just think this kind of play might be exciting…"

"G-Geez… And I thought I was doing it wrong when I washed Megumin's back this whole time…"

…Those two took baths together?

That Yurimin certainly wasn't doing herself favors here.

"...Yunyun, you should use your breasts the next time you wash Megumin's back…"

"Eh?! Um… Why should I do that…"

"It'll be funny."

I thought so, at least.

And so, Yunyun got her breasts all soapy.

With her body wet and her big, perky breasts all soapy…

Ah, what a sight.

I was already steel hard.

I was so turned on that I wanted to just take her already.

But I shouldn't rush this oh-so important foreplay stage…

"H-Here I go…"

I patiently waited as Yunyun resolved herself to do this.

Since Yunyun was shy, I could sense her embarrassment.

But she also wanted to make me happy.

That's what makes Yunyun so cute!

Eventually, I felt her breasts squishing on my back.

Ohhh…

That heavenly softness combined with the slippery soap.

And those erect nipples adding a contrast to her soft flesh…

"Now hold your breasts and go up and down."

"O-OK…"

Without complaining, Yunyun did as she was told.

Her pliant breasts rubbed up and down my back, her nipples tracing lines on my skin as the soapy flesh drifted along my back.

I enjoyed these sensations for a long while.

But I didn't want Yunyun to get tired from this, so I eventually switched to washing her.

"Um… Kazuma-san, my front is already soapy enough, so why are you…"

Yunyun said, as I reached around to grope her soapy breasts from behind, dripping soapy water with a sponge.

"That's true… I should also wash down there…"

"Mnnn…!"

I rubbed her pussy and tits with soapy hands.

All while planting my hard cock between her ass cheeks and rubbing it between them.

While she moaned, I kissed and licked the back of her neck.

"Ah, I can't take this anymore…!"

I picked her up from behind and took her to the bath.

She's way too erotic and cute!

There's no way a girl like this should be allowed to exist!

"A-At least let me rinse off…!"

I ignored her and just plunged right into the warm bath.

Then I thrusted my cock deep inside her.

"Mnnn…!"

I grinned as I already started bouncing her on my lap, her tits still soapy as they hadn't submerged with the water yet.

"I remember when I needed to be gentle with you… Now you can take my cock in so easily…"

"T-That's because I've been doing it with Kazuma-san everyday…!"

"It's not like your body has changed… You're still as tight as ever… It's Yunyun herself who has changed!"

"Ahnn!"

She squealed as I thrusted upwards, letting her body fall and the water splash around us before thrusting again.

All while groping her soapy tits from behind and kissing her neck.

I knew that the effect Yunyun's body had on me, I also had the same effect on her.

So I pressed her back against my pecs and abs, letting her feel my perfect muscular definition.

She shuddered as she felt my abs on her lower back, curving against them in an unconscious action.

I planted my chin on her shoulder and grabbed her waist, increasing my pace.

All while enjoying the way her tits bounced around, the soap falling away to reveal those wet, naked tits and her aroused, pink nipples.

"Kazuma-san… I'm…!"

With her warning, I allowed my pelvic muscles to loosen.

"Hnnnngh! Ahhh… Wahhh!"

I came together with her, shooting seed straight into her womb as she twitched and let out screaming moans.

After the intense session, Yunyun and I spent the rest of the time relaxing in the bath.

I enjoyed Yunyun with her hair down as she rested her head on my chest.

"...You should have your hair down sometimes."

I enjoyed her usual hairstyle, but this gave her a sultry, mature look…

"O-OK… If there's anything else Kazuma-san wants, please be sure to tell me…"

So accommodating.

"Hmm… How about a bunny girl outfit? Cosplay sex would be nice, huh? Maid outfit, too…"

"P-Please slow down…!"

It seems I got carried away.

Part 5

On the final night of our eventful summer vacation, we'd face the 100th floor.

It was a surreal thought.

I can still clearly remember the days when I was on the first floor of the dungeon.

I didn't have any equipment and I resorted to bonking goblins with a torch.

Then I eventually met Megumin through an online forum, and ended up encountering Darkness and Chris while they were being attacked by those slimes…

Not to mention dragging Aqua out of her realm.

I chuckled while remembering those nostalgic times.

"Kazuma, you know it's creepy when you chuckle to yourself like that…"

Aqua said, breaking me out of my trip down memory lane.

So rude.

She then surprised me by giving me an understanding look.

"We sure have come far, huh, Kazuma?"

She gave me a gentle smile.

Seeing that made me think about how it all started between us.

Fighting, then making up, then realizing how deeply we actually cared about each other.

I had to die for that to happen, though.

As we were having a moment, the others walked ahead.

How considerate of them.

I wanted to talk about all kinds of things with Aqua, but I saved that for later.

Right now, we need to beat the final boss of the dungeon.

We joined the others as we stared at the door.

"This is it… Is everyone ready?"

Mitsurugi fidgeted nervously.

"Well… Not really, but it'll be bad if we put this off."

That's right.

More than anything, we needed experience fighting a Lich.

Otherwise we'd have no chance against Wiz.

I glanced at the others and they nodded one by one.

"Alright… Let's do this."

I took a step forward and opened the door.

I was expecting something like Strahd's castle from floor 99.

Instead, we saw a full on fortress.

"...That thing's huge."

Aqua said, stating the obvious.

"Kazuma… I'm just warning you now, but I have the strong urge to blow that thing up."

Megumin was doing a good job holding back, but there was no way she could resist using explosion magic on such a huge structure.

Well, was it really a bad idea to blow it up?

Seeing how huge that thing was, I was willing to bet that there were all sorts of traps and monsters inside that fortress.

It'd be like its own separate dungeon.

If Megumin could blow the whole thing up or draw the Lich out…

That would work out for us.

"Alright, Megumin. Blow it up."

"Wait, seriously?"

Megumin wasn't expecting me to give her permission.

"Don't tell me you're the type who loses interest once you actually have permission to do something…"

"...What kind of contrarian do you see me as? I was just surprised… Actually, since this is a rare moment, why don't you cast explosion magic with me, Kazuma?!"

She suddenly got even more excited.

We casted explosion magic together before, but that was only during practice.

Still, I had time to absorb mana back, since we were near the entrance.

And increasing the damage output would indeed be quite effective…

"Alright, let's cast explosion together."

"...!!! Kazuma, you're being extra lenient today! …OK, what horrible thing did you do? If you apologize now, we'll forgive you."

Did she seriously think I'd only do nice things if I was trying to cover up some misdeed?

"Hah? You know, I really hate it when you exaggerate my faults! Even if I'm not perfect, I'm not as much of a scumbag as you girls make me out to be! I can do nice things without some kind of ulterior motive behind it!"

Chris coughed into her hand meaningfully.

"...What was that cough for?"

"Oh, nothing. It's just that you made me do all kinds of strange things in the past, just so you'd help me with my treasure hunting…"

She was still holding a grudge about that, huh?

"Anyway, I'll cast explosion with you, Megumin."

"...You're running away, huh?"

I didn't respond to Chris's accusations.

And so, Megumin and I stood side by side.

"Explosion!!!" x2

We released a dual explosion, engulfing the fortress with the ultimate attack magic.

As we both collapsed, Megumin held me.

"Ahh… I'm so happy…"

She showed me a face of pure contentment.

…Oi, that's the same face she made when we had sex for the first time.

Don't equate such a precious memory to explosion magic…!

Part 6

After refilling our mana, we looked at the ruined fortress.

"...You know, Megumin-chan, I never really understood the appeal of explosion, but I do admit that it's quite eye-catching…"

Mitsurugi said, making Megumin go up to him with excitement in her eyes. He jolted in panic at the sudden movement.

"So you understand! I never figured you for a potential disciple, Kyouya… Very well, I'll teach you explosion magic right now!"

"Hold on, I didn't go that far…"

"But you just said it was eye-catching… I see, you're quite the playboy, huh? Getting a girl excited and then just shooting her down… Despicable."

"Did you think I was flirting…? No, that wasn't even platonic flirting, sorry."

"I don't get it… You said that you got an explosion magic increase with our bond reward… How come you're not learning explosion magic, then?"

"That was a useless upgrade, I'm sorry! Not to mention that party trick upgrade I got from Aqua-sama… Ah."

Mitsurugi realized too late what he said.

Aqua became irate.

"Useless?! Are you implying my party tricks are useless?!"

Now he was surrounded by Aqua and Megumin.

"Ah, whatever!"

"Kyouya, don't you dare turn your back on us!"

"Take back what you said about explosion magic!"

With such a tight-knit group like this, fights were eventually bound to break out.

I wished they picked a better time than this, though.

Out of the ruined fortress, we saw a black cloaked figure rise.

He was riding on what seemed like a skeletal wyvern.

He then landed some distance away from us.

I used [Farsight] and saw that he looked like a classic depiction of a Lich. A skeleton wearing a black cloak.

"Oi…! Why did you destroy my fortress all of a sudden?! It had like ten floors and five hidden trap floors for you to go through! Did you know how much time I spent setting up puzzles?! There's a proper way to do things, you know?!"

Even though he was the final boss of this dungeon, he started throwing a childish tantrum.

Yunyun gave an apologetic bow.

"Um… I'm sorry if we made you upset…"

"Oh? This kind girl is actually apologizing to me? How unexpected!"

The Lich gave a surprised, pleasant smile at Yunyun's good manners.

Rather, it was creepy to see a skeleton smiling like that.

While the Lich was smiling at Yunyun, Aqua suddenly drew her staff.

"[Sacred Turn Undead]!"

Before the light could hit the Lich, a wall of earth suddenly formed in front of him.

The holy light did nothing as it hit the solid material.

…His casting was incredibly fast.

There was a skill that increased casting speed, but I haven't been able to learn it.

That was because I didn't understand the method of shortening the chants of spells beyond elementary magic.

Meanwhile, this was a master spellcaster we were dealing with. His casting speed far surpassed Aqua's, whose class wasn't built for quickly deploying spells in the first place.

That means that we needed a way to distract this Lich and give Aqua a chance to hit him head on.

It seemed that he understood that was our only course of action, as he soon came up with a move to counter it.

He raised his hand and all of a sudden, the ground shook.

Rising out of the ground were many skeletal monsters. They were all pretty strong, too.

"Hah…! You killed a bunch of monsters in the fortress… That just means I can raise them up as an undead army!"

I guess that was an unintended side effect of our explosion attack.

But this guy would have raised those monsters even if we entered his fortress properly.

Rather, it would have been deadly if we went through ten floors of whatever he had planned, only to deal with the resurrected monsters afterwards.

We now looked at the army of undead.

"Megumin, go ahead and blow them up!"

There was no sense in holding back now.

All the monsters this necromancer raised were all incredibly powerful.

And there were a lot of them.

It would be dangerous if they managed to swarm us.

"Explosion…!!!"

Megumin released her second explosion of the day.

A pillar of blinding flame rose from the battlefield, enveloping the sky.

"...There's still a lot more where that came from…!"

It seems we underestimated just how many undead there were at this Lich's disposal.

And Megumin was now down again.

I could run her back to the entrance and refill her mana, but…

That would leave the others down two party members while we were gone.

Instead, I gave Megumin just enough mana to move again.

"...I guess we'll just have to get through this army."

I said, to which the others nodded.

Everyone drew their weapons and charged.

Part 7

The Lich didn't bother with attacking us directly.

He stayed behind while casting buffs on his army.

The already powerful monsters only grew in strength.

"...This is tough…"

Chris said, even as she was able to sneak behind an undead knight and stab it with her orichalcum dagger.

It didn't matter how many we were able to slay, because the Lich just kept reanimating the corpses.

And if we weren't careful…

"Nghk…!"

Mitsurugi let out a grunt of pain as undead archers focused on him.

The sheer volume of enemies made it impossible to dodge or block their attacks.

There was also the case of monsters that could stay hidden.

"Ahhh!"

An undead snake emerged from the ground and bit Iris's leg. Thankfully, her armor prevented her from taking lethal damage, and she also had [Poison Resistance].

She stabbed the snake on the head and limped away from it.

I went to her and cast [Heal] on the wound.

With the others also accruing damage, Aqua and Rin were running around healing them. I couldn't even focus on the fight as I had to play the role of a tertiary healer.

And we were eventually getting split apart, making it impossible for the healers to move freely.

Iris placed her hand on my shoulder to balance herself as I knelt down to heal her.

"Onii-sama, we'll be overrun at this rate…"

It seemed that this last boss wasn't going to fight fair at all.

The Lich was fully content wearing us down before moving in for the final blow.

I looked at the Lich, who was currently chanting to keep buffing and resurrecting his undead.

…The key was to get him to stop chanting.

"Iris, clear the way for me."

"Got it!"

Iris charged and released a flurry of slashes, tearing through the army of undead.

Skeletal parts flew in all directions as she landed masterful cuts through the gaps in armor.

When she faced a fully armored opponent, she released magically amplified strikes.

"Exterion!"

The armor was torn as blue energy coursed from her blade, splitting the metal and tearing through the hardened bone underneath.

I supported her by throwing ropes at enemies that tried to sneak up on us.

"[Bind]!"

In this way, I made it as close to the Lich as possible.

I extended both hands to him.

"[Silent]!"

This was the spell I learned.

A transparent cube appeared around the Lich.

From within that cube, no sound could be produced.

The Lich opened his mouth to speak, but the spell prevented the sound from coming out.

With the verbal component of his spells unrealized, his buffs disappeared.

I looked back at the others and saw they were advancing through the weakened mobs now.

However, the Lich immediately tried to move out of the circle.

I couldn't use any other spells or skills without dropping concentration on [Silent].

Iris recognized that and moved to prevent the Lich from escaping.

She wrapped her arms around the Lich in a grapple.

This princess, who was trained since young to be a warrior, pinned the Lich down into an impressive armbar.

I didn't want her to take such a risk, being this close against the endgame boss, but there was no other way to defeat this army.

Still, [Silent] only lasted for a minute.

We needed more than that.

I looked at my phone.

I knew that I killed a bunch of monsters earlier by using explosion with Megumin on that fortress.

I gained ten levels from that.

Giving me 90 skill points.

I quickly spent 19 of them, raising [Silent] to max level.

However, in order to do so, I also needed to spend 19 more skill points on [Advanced Magic] itself.

Ahh… Advanced Magic sure takes a lot to level up…

Not to mention I also needed to level up [Mage Rank-Up] before.

Well, I just had to accept that magic was OP and needed this many resources.

[Silent] Skill Rank: 20 (MAX), Active Skill (20 mp cost)

Designate a 30-foot cube anchored within an area. For 20 minutes until your concentration ends, no sound can be produced within this area. Sound based magic is also immediately nullified when making contact with this cube.

Now, I just had to keep concentrating on the spell.

Since Iris was also within the cube, I couldn't hear what she was saying.

But I did see that her face was strained with effort as she struggled to keep the Lich within the circle.

There was also the matter of keeping up my concentration.

There were still monsters all around me.

But since I couldn't use any active skills, I couldn't even properly fight back.

It took all I had to rely on passive skills like [Auto-Dodge] to keep me safe from attacks.

"Hah…!"

I grunted in effort as I only barely managed to duck out of the war axe of an undead minotaur.

I needed to do all this while concentrating on the cube, which flickered whenever my focus went somewhere else.

The others were doing their best to reach us, but there were swarms of enemies for them to cut through.

There was only so much I could do dodging attacks like this.

"Sorry, Iris…!"

I needed to drop concentration as I was forced to use [Wind Wall] to knock away a javelin that was thrown at me.

At this time, Iris was also at her limit and needed to roll away from the Lich.

Even with her stamina as high as it was, I could tell she was exhausted. She was panting for breath, while the Lich didn't even look tired.

Well, it wasn't even alive to begin with. It probably had limitless stamina.

"Damn it… You're strong, girl. I'm gonna need to take you out first!"

With Iris out of energy, she couldn't move away as another snake emerged from the ground and wrapped itself around her leg.

The Lich then ran forward and held Iris by the back of her neck.

Iris screamed out in pain as the Lich held her up.

"Get your hands away from her…!"

I screamed as I drew Chunchunmaru.

"[Surpass Limits]!"

I drastically increased my physical stats and slashed my way through the hordes of undead with attack skills.

Just when I reached the Lich, however, he held Iris in front of me, then pointed a bony finger to her head.

I stopped in my tracks.

Using Iris as a hostage, the Lich threatened me.

"The skill I'm using now is called [Hand of the Immortal King]. You guys are a bit too high levelled for it, but this skill can instantly kill lesser targets… Well, for you guys the process will be a lot slower. Still, give it a few more minutes and this one will die."

Despite the gravity of his words, for some reason, I didn't sense any hostile intent in them.

"What do you want?"

I said, picking up on what he was implying.

If he wanted Iris dead, there were quicker ways to go about it.

That meant he wanted something.

The Lich sighed and said,

"Listen, I know I'm meant to be the boss of this dungeon, but it's not like I chose the role. I was just teleported here one day and forced to become a boss…"

Since this dungeon was meant to train app-users, it collected monsters and treasures from the other world.

While it didn't really matter where the unintelligent monsters were placed, it was indeed a problem for the sentient species.

There were those like the Lizardmen who managed to make a society.

But even the dragon from before had problems with being in this dungeon.

It seemed like this Lich was another case. He pointed at me.

"I want you to do something about it. Find a way to bring me back to my world."

Before I could argue, Iris let out another noise of pain.

"...Fine! I get it, so release her already!"

He shook his head.

"Not until I make sure you will keep to your word."

He snapped his fingers and a piece of paper suddenly appeared in his hand.

"This is a geas contract. It ensures that both parties will uphold their promise."

A geas contract…

Cecily mentioned this before in her argument with Iris.

It was a spell that ensured a contract is kept between both parties.

The punishment was death.

"Hold on, you're already dead. You can just circumvent this contract."

I pointed it out, but he just shrugged.

"So? I'm the one with the leverage here. This contract is only meant to make you uphold your side of the deal. I don't care if it's unfair or not."

It was my mistake to think he was making this deal on equal grounds.

I didn't have any time to make sure there were no further tricks.

I read the contract and it only stated that I had to use any means to let him return to his world.

When I heard Iris release another gasp of pain, I didn't hesitate to draw blood and sign the contract.

The Lich nodded and took the paper back, before releasing Iris.

"Good. We have a deal."

It's not like I underestimated this Lich.

He was the boss of the dungeon, the boss of the 100th floor.

But I still ended up getting played anyway.
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Bloodzone15, Natanael486, aymdrim and 53 others
BoringBone
Aug 6, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 85: Blessing These Heroes With A Conquered Dungeon! New
View content
BoringBone
BoringBone
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 2, 2024
Messages581
Likes received40,827
Aug 22, 2026
New
Add bookmark
#1,847
Chapter 85: Blessing These Heroes With A Conquered Dungeon!

Part 1

I attended to Iris after the Lich let her go.

The others joined us once the undead stopped fighting.

Then we all looked warily at the Lich.

The Lich held his hands up and said,

"The battle's over, so no need to look at me like that."

Again, he didn't show any hostility.

"Kazuma, what's going on? Let's exorcise this filthy undead already!"

Aqua said, readying an attack.

"Hold on… I made a deal with him…"

"You what?!"

Aqua looked at me in disbelief, but I just nodded.

"Sorry, he took Iris hostage. I had no choice."

Aqua looked like she was about to argue further, but looked at Iris and closed her mouth.

I noticed that Aqua started to treat Iris delicately after the fight they had.

As much as she didn't want to admit it, I guess she did feel guilty for what her followers did.

Even if she still thought that her followers were in the right.

Anyhow, it was good that Aqua stood down.

"What did you agree on?"

Another one who hated undead, Chris, still had her dagger out and pointed at the Lich.

She asked this while looking like she'd attack depending on what I said.

"...I agreed to find a way to take him out of this dungeon and return to the other world."

"...?! There's no way we can let that happen, Kazuma! An evil undead like him can't be allowed to return to the other world!"

The Lich chuckled, surprising me by how friendly it sounded.

"Oh, come on now. I was never an evil Lich. I never did things like raising an undead army to torment human kingdoms. Well, at least not on purpose!"

He didn't sound too assuring when he said that.

He suddenly bowed to us.

"Allow me to introduce myself first. I am Keele… Formerly an Arch-Wizard, now a Lich!"

Megumin suddenly got interested when he said he was formerly an Arch-Wizard.

"An Arch-Wizard, huh… What's your favorite spell?"

"Ah, I was quite partial to Creation magic, especially since it lets me create structures like dungeons and fortresses… Why did you suddenly lose interest?"

Megumin turned away, looking bored because he didn't mention explosion magic.

This girl's obsession with explosion magic was too much.

Keele then told us a story.

A story about how he became a Lich.

He was once a famous Arch-Wizard in a certain kingdom in the other world.

He accomplished many great deeds, such as vanquishing the most powerful monsters in the land.

To reward him for his heroism, the king told Keele that he would grant him any favor.

This includes treasure, land or any women he desires.

Keele then surprised the entire court by pointing to one of the king's concubines.

A neglected concubine who was gifted to the king by one of the minor lords of that country.

Since she was a concubine of low status, the king not only didn't consummate his relations with her, but didn't even bother sparing a glance at her.

She might as well have been a servant in his employ, rather than a concubine.

And so she was left to rot in the castle while the nobles ridiculed her.

"If you don't want her, then why not just give her to me?"

These were Keele's audacious words.

It turned out that this girl and Keele were childhood sweethearts.

And the only reason why Keele did such great deeds for the kingdom was to earn the favor of the king, who was generous to heroes.

But the king was a greedy bastard.

Even though he had no interest in that girl, she was still his property.

He took great offense and ordered the execution of the Arch-Wizard who offended him, along with his unwanted concubine.

"If you want to be with her so much, then die together! Bwahaha!"

The despot king said such a horrible thing.

Keele then took that chance to flee with his beloved.

"It was quite the adventure! It was me against the kingdom… There were a lot of powerful warriors in that kingdom, so it took all I had to escape!"

It was such a tremendous challenge, that Keele committed the ultimate taboo as a mage and turned himself into a Lich.

He sacrificed his humanity to drastically increase his magical power, while also gaining immortality.

Still, he did it all to escape with his beloved.

And he managed to pull it off, escaping the kingdom's borders and shaking off their pursuers.

But with the kingdom still chasing them, he needed somewhere to hide.

And so, he went to Iris's kingdom, Belzerg, to a quiet, unassuming town called Axel.

He then created a dungeon there and hid away with his beloved.

They then spent their lives together, until his beloved died peacefully of old age.

"I was content in spending my immortal life with my beloved in that dungeon, to watch over her corpse until it completely decomposed, or until I found a powerful enough Arch-Priest to guide our souls to the afterlife… But then I was suddenly teleported here, and I was separated from my dear wife…"

It was a sad story.

Keele wanted nothing more than to look over his wife.

But due to the interference of the gods…

Namely Aqua.

…He was selected to become the final boss of this dungeon.

We all turned to Aqua, who started waving her arms around.

"Hah?! How is it my fault?! The dungeon just randomly selected powerful monsters that were secluded away!"

Because the gods were limited in how much they could interfere with the mortal plane, I guess they were selective in which monsters were transferred to this dungeon.

They chose monsters and beings that wouldn't affect the history of the otherworld if they went missing.

Otherwise, they could have transferred the Demon king himself in this dungeon, locking him away.

But famous Liches that locked themselves away in a dungeon was fair game, it seemed.

Even the dragon we faced before, Balagos, was a dragon who slayed other dragons and seemed to have been ostracized because of that.

To the extent that other monsters avoided socializing with him.

So the gods probably thought no one would miss him and sent him away to this dungeon.

That's kinda sad, now that I think about it.

Chris set down her dagger, although she still gave Keele a wary look.

She hated undead, but with how kind she was, she ended up sympathizing with him.

Meanwhile, Iris seemed fascinated by Keele, same with Rin.

"...I-I did hear about that story! It's a famous fairy tale, on par with the exiled dragon knight!"

Rin nodded along with Iris.

"It's such a lovely tale! Excuse me, could you please talk to a friend of mine? She's a writer and…"

Rin started arranging a meeting between Keele and Ponko-sensei.

As for Megumin, she also seemed impressed by Keele.

"Going against a whole kingdom… So badass…"

Of course she'd only focus on that part.

Keele rubbed his head modestly with all this attention.

"Yeah, it was pretty hard… Especially when the top mages of the kingdom tried to block my path with ice magic… I had to resort to using explosion magic to escape…"

"Wait, what?!!"

Megumin's eyes started glowing red as she pushed past the others and looked at Keele attentively.

Keele took a step back, surprised by her sudden interest.

"....Eh? Yeah… I don't normally use explosion magic because it uses up way too much mana, but since I became a Lich, my mana increased drastically… So I used explosion magic to get rid of the ice barrier…"

"S-So cool! You should come and talk to my master, Wolbach! I know, why don't we form an explosion society?!"

What's that, a terrorist group?

"I'm not sure about that…"

"I'll arrange a meeting right away!"

She wasn't even listening to him.

Also, how was she even gonna have them meet? Both of them couldn't leave their respective places.

Unless I brought Wolbach over here.

As for Yunyun, she was looking at Keele with tears in her eyes.

"Eh? Are you OK, Yunyun?"

I said, when I noticed.

She slowly nodded.

"Yeah… I just found his story touching…"

The sentimental Yunyun ended up liking the romantic story.

However, what surprised me was Mitsurugi's reaction.

"W-What a man! Keele-san, please teach me your ways!"

For some reason, he started treating this Lich like a role model.

"Oi… Did you guys forget that this guy held Iris hostage?"

Iris shrugged when I said that.

"I'm used to that, anyway. And he was very gentle with me unlike the demons who used me as a hostage in the past…"

This child soldier's past is way too traumatic!

"He made me sign a geas, you know?! I could die if I don't fulfill it!"

"...It's not the first time you've done something to risk your life."

Megumin said this, although it came off more as a warning than disregarding my concerns.

Keele waved his hand.

"As long as you stick to the contract, you'll be fine. I just want to be reunited with my beloved, nothing more."

I turned to Aqua, who I thought would side with me.

But instead, she gave Keele a gentle smile.

"...To think that an undead like you would want to repent. Very well. I shall exorcise you and guide your wife's soul to the afterlife, once you are reunited… Kazuma, you better fulfill your promise and return this Lich to the other world…"

What happened to her?!

"Oi, Aqua, shouldn't you be frothing at the mouth right now and begging me to exorcize this guy?!"

Even Chris looked like she had a change of heart.

"...He's an undead, but he doesn't seem so bad. I'll be keeping an eye on him, though…"

"Do as you wish."

Keele said, with a nod and a smile.

…It's almost scary how this Keele guy charmed the others.

Although I did have to admit that I ended up feeling sorry for him too.

Part 2

"It's too bad that we can't get the benefits that come with beating the last boss, though…"

I said, lamenting that fact, even if we came to an agreement with Keele.

Keele titled his skeletal head to the side.

"Oh, you mean EXP and all that stuff? You can still kill me, though?"

He suddenly said this.

And then I thought about it.

That's right. This guy is an undead.

Not only that, he was a Lich.

Unless a Lich's phylactery was destroyed, they could keep coming back to life.

"Wait, so does that mean we can all take turns killing you?"

"...That sounds horrible, doesn't it? Dying over and over again…"

I guess that was indeed a horrible fate.

I thought about farming him for EXP but…

I guess that really is too much.

"I'm fine with being killed once, though."

How was the fine?

Then again, I was also fine with dying a few times.

Now that I have a perma-death status, that changed, though.

Mitsurugi brought up a suggestion after raising his hand.

"We came here to practice fighting against a Lich… Why don't we just resume our fight with Keele-san and go from there?"

That's true.

If Keele was fine with us killing him at least once, we could just resume the fight.

And just like always, whoever deals the killing blow will get most of the EXP.

So we'd treat this like a normal boss fight even though we agreed to help each other…

That's probably not what the gods intended.

Kirin-sama would have some words for me, for sure.

Especially since we were technically allying with a Lich.

Keele rubbed his chin thoughtfully. It was weird seeing a skeleton have such human mannerisms.

"Eh… Will I really make such good practice for you guys? I won't lose, you know?"

"Hah?! I've overlooked a lot of stuff since you're repentant, but is an undead really talking in such an arrogant manner to me?! How dare you?!"

Aqua suddenly got mad at him.

He let out a chuckle, which made his bones shake.

"I'm not being arrogant… I don't know why the dungeon chose me, but I don't see myself losing to anyone… They once called me 'The Walking Apocalypse' and 'The Anomaly Beyond All' back in my prime, you know?"

What the hell was with those badass names?!

Well, the fact that we couldn't beat him showed that he truly was unbeatable…

Rather, the way he fought was quite similar to my own, wasn't it?
Never fight directly unless you need to, using tricks to gain an advantage over your opponent…

Maybe this is the ultimate fighting style of the powerful ones?

"I guess there would be no point in asking you to go easy."

Mitsurugi said, to which Keele nodded.

"Well, good luck to all of you. I can start once you're ready."

He started stretching, which confused me since he didn't even have any muscles to stretch.

Then I heard his joints clicking into place.

I guess even undead get stiff joints…

We all huddled together to discuss our gameplan.

"So, how do we even beat him?"

Rin said, wondering if any of us had ideas.

I noticed she didn't end up looking at Aqua or Megumin.

That was because Aqua couldn't be relied on for a plan.

And while Megumin was the smartest out of all of us, intelligence without reason is sometimes more harmful than outright stupidity.

"Well, why don't I just cast explosion on him?"

To illustrate this, Megumin made this predictable suggestion.

"He'll know it's coming. You'll just waste your mana while he evades the attack."

Considering he's a master spellcaster, he can just do something like teleport away once Megumin starts chanting.

"This plan will have to rely on Aqua-san, due to her holy magic."

Yunyun said, making Aqua put on a grandiose expression.

"I'm glad you said it, Yunyun. Someone had to."

"...But this undead chewtoy will just attract all the undead to her again."

"Did you just call me a chewtoy?!"

With how many undead there were, we were quickly separated last time.

As for Aqua, a bunch of them undead up swarming her, making it difficult for her to get enough space to fight them off.

"...Rather than being our main firepower, why don't we just use Aqua as bait?"

"I don't like this suggestion."

Aqua immediately gave me a look of disapproval.

"It's the only way… Aqua will lead the undead away, while Darkness can occupy Keele's attention with [Decoy]."

Keele was a problem because he could replenish his army and keep buffing them.

But if Darkness was distracting him, he wouldn't be able to do that.

"I like the sound of this plan."

Darkness nodded sagely.

That was because fighting the Lich was probably high up on her fantasies as a knight.

Speaking of fantasies…

"Keele is a faithful husband, by the way, so don't go lusting after him like you did with that vampire…"

"Lust... I never did that?!"

Darkness blushed as we all stared at her unconvincingly.

Part 3

Once we were ready, the battle officially restarted.

Keele commanded his undead army to charge like before.

And he went right back to buffing them.

As much as I'd like to snipe these undead from far away, there were too many and there wasn't any space to work with.

And I needed to contribute in whittling down their numbers, or the others would get overrun.

"Alright, Aqua, go ahead."

"I really don't want to be bait!"

"Just do it already!"

Aqua groaned before going into a sprint through the undead, with Mitsurugi and Iris clearing a path for her.

Darkness also did her part, supported by Rin and Yunyun as she moved through the undead, making her way to Keele.

"[Charge]!"

Darkness yelled out, blitzing through the undead with an unstoppable charge.

Seeing her use proper knight skills and do her job as a frontliner…

It never ceases to amaze me.

How far you've come, Darkness.

Which makes it all the more noticeable when you undo all your progress.

Especially when you say things like 'please ravage me!' to our enemies…

With Aqua and Darkness doing their roles with aplomb, there was no space created for us.

Those who were supporting Aqua and Darkness dropped back into a formation, as we covered each other.

Our goal was to not get separated like before.

Now that we were more organized, we were able to take down more undead than before.

Keele was also getting distracted by Darkness, so he couldn't cast buffs on the undead.

Making them easy pickings for us.

We flanked the undead from behind while they chased after Aqua ahead.

I shot elemental arrows now that I had space, quickly bringing down all manners of undead.

However…

Keele must have managed to break free from Darkness's chase.

Because he had the chance to teleport away from her.

"Kazuma, he teleported away!"

I received this news from Darkness.

He could be anywhere now…

The undead army started being resurrected and buffed again.

Keele wasn't making it easy for us, huh?

I'd need some way to track him down…

With that said, my [Tracking] skill was only at Rank 1.

Would a max rank [Tracking] be enough to find him?

I spoke through the earpiece.

"Aika-chan, can I track Keele down with Rank 20 [Tracking]?"

"...Asking me to reveal more info again, huh?"

"We've been over this already!"

I didn't want this to be a running joke, I just wanted answers!

Aika-chan sighed on the other end.

"Ranger doesn't have a rank 20… It only goes up to Rank 5."

I guess it wasn't like those Advanced Classes or special exception classes like Thief and Blacksmith.

"But you can still track him with Rank 5."

"That's all you needed to say!"

"Why are you speaking like that to me, papa?! You still owe me a trip to…"

I cut off comms with her.

Although I could see her some distance away flailing her arms at me.

I took out my phone after gaining some space away from the battlefield.

Then I put 4 points into [Tracking].

[Tracking] Skill Rank: 5 (MAX), Active Skill (1 mp cost)

You can track the location of creatures using tracks and prints. As long as the tracks and prints still exist, there is no time limit from when you can find the target. Your detection radius is 60-feet. Success is determined by your 'Intuition' (114). If you have fought an enemy within the last hour, you can track their location wherever they go, with this effect lasting six hours until you encounter them again.

It was incredibly situational, but for elusive enemies, this would be incredibly useful.

In fact, considering how often Wiz moves around, I could make good use of this skill.

I activated the skill as soon as I maxed it out.

My focus trained in one direction.

It was the ruins of the fortress. It seems that Keele went into one of the intact rooms inside.

Since teleportation requires a mark, I suppose he planted one there before.

He must also have been confident about the integrity of that room, if he was willing to teleport there after the entire fortress was crushed.

So this was likely his safe room.

Now, the problem was getting through all that rubble…

When I looked at all that material, I had an idea.

"[Smithing]!"

That's right. Because these were technically building materials, I could simply make something out of them.

I created a tall tower to the side.

The instant effect left Keele sitting on a chair, surprised that his shelter was suddenly gone.

"[Surpass Limits]!"

I sprinted after him with all the speed I could muster.

Pushing my body to its limits.

"Tele…"

"[Skill Bind]!"

Due to the speed I was moving, I was able to get in range, just in time to stop him from teleporting.

"[Bind]!"

Chris, who had been looking for a chance, leapt over the undead and threw a rope at Keele, binding him.

Using my momentum, as I was already running, I quickly drew Chunchunmaru.

"[Quick Draw]!"

Keele couldn't react as I quickly struck him down.

I then used a combo on him, as I was still empowered by [Surpass Limits].

Nice combo! Super Kawaii!

…That [Showmanship] skill I got from Lia suddenly activated.

Even though it was giving me bonus damage, I almost dropped my combo because I was distracted by it.

Still, I managed to unleash a full combo on Keel with all my attack skills.

Finished by [Merciless Slash] for an execute.

The orichalcum metal slashed through his hardened bones and magically protective robes.

"Fufufun… You managed to do it… Well, I'll see you all in a few days."

Since it takes about three days for Liches to revive from their Phylactery, we wouldn't see Keele for a couple days.

Still, with that…

We managed to clear the 100th floor of the dungeon.

Part 4

"Ohhhhh!"

I couldn't help but let out a victory cry when I landed the decisive blow on Keele.

All that effort and time going into conquering this dungeon…

I almost couldn't believe that we actually did it.

You have gained 30 levels!

And I was now at level 200…

As per usual, the ground opened up, with some stairs leading underground.

This was the boss' treasure room.

Excitedly, we went down to see what kind of treasures were in the final boss's treasure room.

But what we saw caught us off guard.

The previous floors had things like spell books and legendary potions.

Things you'd find from a fantasy RPG setting.

Which was expected considering these treasures were from the otherworld.

But now, we saw armor that looked like it came from a futuristic sci-fi setting.

More specifically, they looked like the power armors you'd find in a sci-fi story.

"...What the heck? Are these items actually from the otherworld?"

Aika-chan leapt in front of us to explain.

"Indeed! These are called Coronatite Power Armors… They were actually invented in Norse, by a certain cheat-item user…"

Ah.

You mean that idiotic Japanese reincarnate who ruined Regina-sama's home.

Well, I guess he did come up with useful things, such as the AI that would be used to produce Aika-chan and this dungeon's AI.

Not to mention the groundwork for what would become the app system itself.

…But with how much that guy meddled with the otherworld's history, I'd still say the bad outweighed the good.

Rather, he probably only invented these armor because he thought it was cool, not because he thought it'd be useful.

There were enough armors for all of us, except for Aika-chan and Mary-chan.

Well, they were golems, anyway. They probably couldn't even wear armor, huh?

I placed the armor in my inventory to see its stats.

Coronatite Power Armor - Heavy Armor (Legendary)

A futuristic power armor from a forgotten civilization. It is powered by a Coronatite core. Reduces incoming damage by 25. Has stealth capabilities that nullifies the stealth disadvantage of heavy armor. Has built-in runes that nullifies the spell-failure chance of heavy armor. Increases the user's strength and speed by +20. Has a shield that gives +20 temporary health, which recovers if the user hasn't taken damage in 1 minute. Also comes with an innate Storage Box, which can store 20 items inside.

Sells for: 40,000,000 Yen

…This completely outclassed my current armor, huh?

And it was classified as Heavy Armor, but its abilities pretty much took out the negative effects of heavy armor entirely.

Not to mention the stat boosts…

Yeah, this thing is OP.

The definition of a broken item is if it completely negates the viability of all other items of its class.

If this was an MMO, players would complain about how busted this thing is.

Well, I wasn't complaining.

Why would I care if it was busted? I was gonna be the one benefiting from its OP properties.

The others also looked at their new armors.

"Pffft!"

I couldn't help but laugh when Megumin put it on.

The power armors were quite bulky, not to mention tall.

To be frank, she looked ridiculous with it on.

"Hey, Kazuma, you can use [Smithing] to just combine this armor with my robes, right?"

Megumin said, with an unimpressed look on her face.

Now that she mentioned it, I could do that, right?

After all, [Smithing] allows one to combine items.

And since this was a legendary grade item, I could actually do it instantaneously.

I tried it out by combining the armor with her robes.

And since her robes technically counted as 'clothing', I also added on my [Tailor] skill to make sure it was a seamless combination.

"Oh…! You look cool, Megumin!"

Yunyun said encouragingly as we saw the result.

It was pretty much just Megumin's usual robes, but the cape and hat were lined with glowing, red circuitry.

They soon disappeared, however.

It seems that they could be hidden and activated.

We tested it out by throwing rocks we found on the ground at Megumin.

It was kind of a ridiculous image, but the rocks bounced off her, while the cape and hat started glowing with each impact.

It almost felt like there was a force field around her.

"Fufun… The power of this Crimson Demon keeps growing… The world is in danger…"

Even though we were supposed to protect the world, she was saying these dangerous lines.

Since the others were already wearing orichalcum armor, combining the two didn't create some busted effect.

After all, the Coronatite armor was technically a lower grade than the orichalcum armor.

But it still had effects that the orichalcum armor didn't have, such as the stealth capabilities and spell failure nullification.

And so, those busted artifacts of theirs got even more busted.

As for me, I also combined my armor with the old one.

I was used to medium armor, after all.

And I already had the [Medium Armor] class.

In any case, we all got significant upgrades.

Part 5

Quest completed!

You have defeated the 100th floor boss!

Quest Reward: Final Boss Loot Box

I opened the ornate box that appeared in front of me.

It actually appeared for all of us.

When we opened the box, we found a vial inside.

Potion of Complete Limit Break - Divine

You no longer suffer from slow stat growth at high levels. You can now acquire stats as if you were level 1.

Sells for: Priceless

"...!!!"

We were all surprised by the final reward for beating a boss.

Isn't this completely game changing?!

This seemed like a carefully made plan by either the dungeon AI or the gods.

They knew that whoever could actually beat the last boss would be at a high level, where stat acquisition basically comes to a halt.

So they used this as the final loot box reward to offset that.

I hurriedly chugged the potion down, as did the others.

"This means I can increase my magic power even more, right?!"

Megumin said, as if she needed to do that.

"Ah, maybe we can go to the batting cages again…"

Yunyun said, while looking at me hopefully. I smiled and nodded at her.

This was a good haul.

We also gathered the miscellaneous treasures before heading out of the dungeon.

"We actually beat the 100th floor, huh?"

Mitsurugi said, with some disbelief in his voice.

Rin smiled and gave him a side-hug, a gesture that surprised him, but he happily reciprocated.

"You helped out a lot, Kyouya-senpai. We wouldn't have been able to advance to the high floors if it wasn't for you."

He chuckled as he had a light blush from the praise.

"You were all fast learners. I felt like I wasn't the raid leader by the end of it."

"Even though you were the top damage dealer most of the time?"

Megumin muttered that, which made Mitsurugi frown.

"...Only when you weren't one-shotting the boss, Megumin-chan."

"That only happened once or twice! Or thrice!"

Chris grinned at them and said,

"Now, now, we all share our victories… Unless you wanna hand over all the treasure I found?"

They went quiet at that.

I didn't contribute much to the banter, just content with happily watching them enjoying the victory high.

Before leaving the treasure room, I felt bittersweet.

Sure, we had a lot of hard times in this dungeon.

I actually died here a couple times.

But I felt like we made a lot of good memories, too.

I met Mary-chan here, and Pocky-chan.

Not to mention Chris and Darkness.

And recently, we even reunited Faitfore with Dust and befriended the Lich, Keele.

Lots of things happened here.

I touched the wall fondly, not sure if the dungeon's AI could hear me or even understand the sentiment.

"...Thank you for everything."

It felt like I was closing a chapter of my life.

This ridiculous but wonderful dungeon…

Filled with Goblins, Toads, Undead, One-shot Bears and Shapeshifting Female Orcs.

...The dungeon that took a few months to conquer, but felt like it took two whole years of my life to finish.

Thanks for all the memories, I mean it.

But the fight isn't over.

We still had to deal with Wiz.

And the Demon King.

So I guess it's not the time to feel nostalgic quite yet.

One day, I'll properly say goodbye to this dungeon.

This dungeon that completely changed my life.

But right now, it was too soon to say goodbye.

"See you later."

I found myself saying that as we left.

It could have been my imagination, but I thought I felt the ground shake, just for a moment.

…

…

When we came back, we were surprised when Sena sprayed some confetti on us.

"Congrats on clearing the dungeon!"

Behind her, the mansion's staff, including the guards, clapped with her.

"Eh? What's all this? Ohh, cake!"

Aqua got excited by the spread they prepared for us.

Sena chuckled once the cheers died down.

"Well, I thought it was the least we could do. We rely on you kids so much… So I thought we should at least celebrate your achievement!"

"You prepared this beforehand, huh?"

I said, which she nodded to.

"What were you gonna do if we failed?"

"W-We weren't counting on it! Now eat up already! Who wants chicken?!"

Of course, Aqua just had to ruin this wholesome moment.

"Oh, you don't need to thank Kazuma for that! You see, this guy is a worthless otaku who would have cleared that dungeon even if the world wasn't at stake. I mean, his first thought when he entered the dungeon wasn't fear. He was like, 'oh boy! I was waiting for this moment! An RPG dungeon only I can see!'. Isn't that right?"

"I-Is that so…?"

Sena was looking at me differently now.

Why did Aqua have to say all that…?!

I took Aqua aside and gave her a noogie.

That aside, I ended up enjoying the night with everyone, celebrating our achievement.

Especially after Sena brought the drinks out.

Part 6

Waking up hungover before the first day of school is probably the last thing anyone wants to do.

Unfortunately for me, that was exactly what happened.

"Senpai… Get up already."

Rin, who came for our usual morning sessions, but found me in no state to reciprocate, went back to my room in her uniform, prodding my backside with her foot.

"Ughhh…"

"You know, this was cute the first time, but now it's getting kind of sad… Don't you want to see Iris-chan off to school?"

Those words ignited me.

I managed to slug my way down the bed, hearing Rin sigh once she saw my naked body.

She tossed pieces of my school uniform to me. I lazily tapped on my phone, quickly equipping each piece by bringing it to my inventory.

"Now only if you could do that same trick with a shower."

Rin passed me a stick of deodorant.

"[Smithing]."

It was a bit tricky, but I managed to create something like armpit covers made out of the deodorant.

Of course, this was just a bullshit way to use the skill to lazily apply deodorant with the least amount of work.

"Are you serious, senpai?! You can't even apply deodorant normally?! Ugh, I'm going ahead, OK?!"

Rin had enough and left me.

I suppose that was a bit too much.

Your creativity went up by +1!

Already, that potion was showing its effect…

I started getting regular stat growth again.

Time to put those clones back to work, eating monster meat…

I managed to make my way downstairs. Iris was patiently waiting for me by the door.

"Ah, there you are, onii-sama. I'm gonna leave now."

"Good luck at school, Iris. And if any boys bother you, namely Kazuto, make sure to tell me."

"Eh? Why would he bother me? He has a new girlfriend right now."

Another one?

How many was he gonna go through?!

Well, as long as it wasn't Iris.

Rather, I wouldn't be surprised if that guy went behind my back and put all his points on Charisma, even if I told him to focus on Health.

Ah, what a playboy…

Messing around with so many girls, who does that brat think he is?

Only a scumbag would do that!

That's why I wanna keep him away from Iris!

"Need a kiss?"

In my hungover state, I suddenly said this.

Iris seemed shocked, but after a while, she lowered her head a little.

"I guess one on the forehead is fine…"

Oh?!

She'd actually let me do it?!

As if my hungover state was dispelled at once, I eagerly kissed her forehead.

"...You can stop now, onii-sama."

It seems my lips lingered there too long.

I watched as she stepped through the dungeon door.

I should probably head out now, too.

As I was about to open a dungeon door, I saw Aqua laid out on the couch.

She was still sleeping.

Actually, that was the same place where she passed out last night.

…If I didn't go to school, I would end up like this.

I hurriedly opened a dungeon door and left this poor excuse of a goddess.

I ended up in the courtyard.

Walking among the other students, I found a mix of those who were excited to come back.

And those who were obviously dreading the end of summer.

Of course, the former were mostly the sociable types who need human interaction to function.

Meanwhile, the latter were those who would rather play an MMO all day.

As for me, if I wasn't in a normal setting like this, I already knew I would eventually lose myself.

So I suppose I was the one who appreciated going back to school more than anyone.

There was also something else I noticed.

There were a lot of eyes on me, even more than before.

I was indeed getting some fans before due to my contributions to the soccer team.

But now, girls in the school were legitimately checking me out.

"Hey… Isn't he really hot?"

"That's Satou-senpai, isn't it?"

"Do you think I should ask him out?!"

Well, my attractiveness was pretty much at the highest level humanity could achieve.

I noticed this before when I was just walking the streets or when I went to the festival.

But I suppose it had been a while since I went back to school.

I was sure Mitsurugi also caused a commotion earlier.

Hmm… What should I do?

Regina-sama told me not to hesitate at all when it comes to having fun with girls…

And there were indeed some cute girls who were eyeing me right now.

I also had the green light to do whatever I wanted when it came to romance…

Or even just casual fun.

And I didn't even get any action last night or this morning, because I decided drinking was more of a priority.

To be honest, with how high my libido was now, I was kind of suffering the blue balls of doom, from skipping out on my usual sessions with the girls.

Even getting something like a simple handjob from one of these cute girls would be enough to get me through the school day.

But I suppose it would be bad if I just went ahead and seduced my schoolmates, just because I felt horny.

That probably wasn't the kind of normal school experience I was going for.

Although for some hot guys, that was probably actually part of the norm.

In any case, I wouldn't do anything directly.

If one of these girls approached me, I'd see where it led, however.

But for now, they were viewing me more as an unattainable idol, rather than someone they actually had a shot with.

Although those same girls giving me longing looks actually had a shot with me if they tried.

It was always a fantasy of mine to have sex in the gym storage room, or the nurse's office…

Rin would probably give me a weird look if I asked for that, though.

Darkness would be much more willing, but the fact that she was so willing kind of ruined my desire to those things with her.

That was why I considered these girls.

It's kind of funny, how they don't think they had a shot with me, but I'd readily bend them over if they just asked.

Wait… Was this actually true for hot girls as well?!

Those same unattainable girls who I thought I had no shot with in the past… Maybe I actually had a chance if I caught them in a good mood?!

…Well, I was with several of those unattainable girls now.

And most of them fell for me before my Attractiveness stat even went up.

I see.

I looked towards my fellow guys, who looked like they were despairing going back to school.

With my look, I tried to convey this truth to them.

Have courage! You can do anything if you try!

When I gave such a look to a particularly gloomy guy, who was walking while staring at his phone, he scoffed.

"Damn pretty boy… What the hell is he looking at me for, damnit…?"
"..."

He walked past me, even though I was just trying to be nice to him.

Ah, I also had such thoughts about Mitsurugi in the past, huh?

I guess I really was clueless about the world back then.

Part 7

You're receiving a lot of attention!

Your 'Attractiveness' went up by +1!

My stats were going up so easily thanks to that potion…

We needed to attend a schoolwide assembly to start off the new semester.

After the principal gave us a boring speech about focusing on our studies after the long break, we headed back to our classrooms.

Sensei didn't waste time and immediately started collecting our summer homework.

I gave her the notebook that the clones worked on.

"It's a good time to rearrange seats, so let's do that."

Those who were already seated with their friends groaned, but sensei ignored them.

I suppose the idea was to get students to make new friends.

But for the most part, just gave their new seatmates a polite greeting before immediately turning to their friends to chat.

Now, because of my good luck…

"We're seatmates this semester, huh, Kazuma?"

Lia, the class rep, sat beside me.

I noticed that she was getting envious looks from the girls, who were all now treating me as the class idol.

By the way, the previous class idol didn't seem to care, because he apparently started dating the queen bee of the class.

That meant I didn't have to deal with any bothersome events.

Still, Lia was now getting unwanted attention.

Not like it even seemed like she cared.

"Let's get along."

I said, which made Lia smile.

"We get along pretty well already, no?"

"...Oh, my. Is the class rep flirting with me during class?"

She gave a coy grin.

"Is the class rep not allowed to flirt with a guy she's already dating?"

Some class rep this is…!

The fact that she's wearing glasses and braids didn't take away from that fox-like look she was giving me now!

"You know, Lia-san… I'm sure we can go to a private area during break and perhaps we can…"

"Nope. I'm not doing anything while we're at school, sorry."

I guess she was a real class rep, after all.

"Then how about a room in the dungeon…"

"Just focus on your studies, Kazuma."

"...Yis, ma'am."

She immediately shut that down.

…

…

During lunch break, I headed over to the cafeteria, where I agreed to meet up with Rin, Darkness, Terada-senpai and his not-so-secret girlfriend, Mio-senpai.

Of course, Lia came along with me.

Terada-senpai and Mio-senpai usually ate lunch at their third year classroom, but since it was the first day, we all wanted to spend lunch together.

"...You know, doesn't it kinda seem weird to go to school after all the dungeon stuff?"

Mio-senpai said, lowering her voice.

I guess the newbies would worry about that.

I didn't even think much of it, but it was understandable why they would.

"I guess it does feel a bit weird…"

Terada-senpai said, nodding along.

"By the way, you guys should still come to the training facility after school."

They nodded when I reminded them.

Darkness, meanwhile, asked Terada-senpai a question.

"Terada-senpai… Are we going to meet up for naginata club after school?"

It was a simple question, but for some reason, Terada-senpai had a conflicted expression.

"I don't know… It feels kind of wrong to compete when I'm gaining all these stats…"

I explained to him that the stats were an accumulation of his own effort.

And he accepted that until I told everyone to switch to the Warrior class and raise their Health stats.

Then it stopped becoming about natural stat growth. Now he thought it was unfair that he was gaining stats beyond hard work.

That made me feel bad about my own soccer club activities.

But there was something he didn't consider yet.

"Terada-senpai… You get a bunch of stat growths and even unique quests for participating in sports clubs. You can't afford to miss out on them."

"I see… I suppose that's true."

It was one thing to do this just because he wanted to beat up on regular people.

But I knew he wasn't that type of person.

Unlike those app-users I faced in soccer before.

Rin smiled and said,

"Just think of it as growing stronger for Mio-senpai. There's nothing wrong with that, right?"

"That's true… A-Ah, I want to protect Mio-san as my friend, that's it!"

"As your friend, huh…?"

"Mio-san, remember that we're keeping it a secret…!"

What's the point of doing that at this point?
If you guys would like to support me, please check out my Patreon! Early chapter updates are available for all tiers, while exclusive stories are available for higher tiers!
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Kingofbooks, Bloodzone15, KinKrow and 63 others
BoringBone
Aug 22, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
 
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Fakeking
[NSFW] This Garbage World Needs A Blessing (Rance X Konosuba)
Fakeking Jun 9, 2026 Words: 35k 1 ... 45 46 47 au harem konosuba
Replies1K
Views74K
Jul 23, 2026
sperance
sperance
Aeon_Rex
Thread watched
[NSFW] God's Blessing on this Nameless Hero (Konosuba Au Si)
Aeon_Rex Jun 26, 2025 Words: 11k 1 2 cyoa harem protag heroine's hero
Replies30
Views19K
Jun 30, 2025
abyss_kaiser
abyss_kaiser
alongdream
[NSFW] No! I Won't Reincarnate There! (Konosuba)
alongdream Sep 25, 2025 Words: 23k 1 2 kono subarashii sekai ni shukufuku wo! magi-the labyrinth of magic oc insert
Replies33
Views16K
Feb 8, 2026
ENDDRAGON
ENDDRAGON
Everes
[NSFW] A Goddess's Marvelous Adventures (Konosuba Aqua in the MCU)
Everes Jul 22, 2026 Words: 22k 1 2
Replies59
Views6K
Jul 28, 2026
Icura
Icura
abyss_kaiser
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Dominating this Wonderful World! - Overlord(Game) SI into Konosuba
abyss_kaiser Jul 25, 2026 Words: 23k 1 ... 4 5 6 actually evil mc conquest empire building
Replies159
Views19K
Monday at 14:25
Top Sun
Top Sun
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit